At the moment , Scott Miller is an underrated figure in the history of the PC game industry .
His innovative ideas in software publishing rapidly moved the business of shareware PC games from a dead - end prospect to a lucrative profession .
Along the way , his company sparked multiple revolutions in the field
But you wo n't hear his name dropped casually as one of PC gaming 's forefathers -- at least , not yet , anyway .
In the public 's mind , he currently resides on the fringes of popular acclaim .
In the early 1980s , a new breed of game authors emerged .
They distributed their product for free as " shareware , " allowing copies of the entire game to be duplicated without charge and , in turn , asked for recompense if the player liked what he played .
Unfortunately for those brave authors , few players ended up sending payment .
Miller saw the fundamental flaw in this system and created the " Apogee Model , " named after his shareware company , which saw games split into multiple parts .
Apogee distributed the first episode of each game for free , essentially as a demo for the whole product .
If the player enjoyed it , he could purchase further episodes from the company .
The model proved wildly successful , and publishers like Epic MegaGames ( now Epic Games ) soon followed in his footsteps -- as detailed in our earlier interview with Epic founder Tim Sweeney .
Miller achieved this publishing triumph by utilizing almost entirely digital distribution methods before the internet became mainstream .
Once seeded by Miller , Apogee titles spread like viruses through BBSes and online services like CompuServe , usually with little more than enthusiastic fans as the vector .
In today 's web - driven world , this does n't seem like much , but it was an innovation .
Through the model pioneered by Apogee , Miller inadvertently invented episodic gaming and made the now ubiquitous free - but - limited game demo an essential tool for marketing any new PC title .
Miller also personally coaxed two young programmers named John Romero and John Carmack out of Softdisk , a disk magazine publisher , and gave them a convincing reason -- promises of riches in the shareware industry -- to consolidate their powers as id Software .
Through Miller 's hands - on involvement with id , Apogee found itself the pivot point of the industry 's massive shift to first - person shooters by publishing 1992's Wolfenstein 3 - D .
Id parted ways with Apogee soon after , and blossomed into one of the mightiest independent game development juggernauts of the 1990s via Doom and Quake -- and distributed its early games the Apogee way .
The Early Years
Where and when were you born ?
Scott Miller : I was born in Florida in 1961 .
I lived there for 11 years .
I moved to Australia for five years and went to high school there , then came back to the United States in ' 79 , and I 've been in the Dallas area ever since .
What took you to Australia ?
SM : My father , Boyd Miller , worked at NASA when we were in Florida .
He was part of all the Apollo and Gemini shots , and he was an engineer on the whole program .
After the Apollo program closed in ' 72 , he ended up working for E - Systems and got a job that transferred him to the very center of Australia -- the outback -- to a town called Alice Springs , which at that time had about 11,000 people .
E -Systems and the Australian government shared a joint spy - satellite tracking base there .
A couple other big American corporations were involved as well .
These corporations from America would transfer engineers over to Australia to be stationed there for two - or three - year tours , and my father ended up doing a couple of these tours .
And of course , where he goes , I go , when I 'm that young .
Note that the $ 5 coupon I posted Monday has been used !
Thanks for checking out the items !
If you 're bored and have a camera , do n't forget we 'll always take pictures of you guys in your kickass theWAREHOUSE swag for our fan sign page .
UPDATE - oh , yeah , I think I helped to clear up the confusion that several people had about Monday 's comic that the magnified arm was velcro .
Hit the back button and check it out again .
Anyway , I know I 've been a bit lax in enforcing the preposition rule ; antiquated though it may be , I still like it .
However the " could n't care less " rule is one of my biggest free range peeves .
Leaving off the " n't " makes it literally the opposite of the intent .
Your Comments :
Summary Report
A summary of the report from the Review of U.S. Human Space Flight Plans Committee was provided to the Director , White House Office of Science and Technology Policy ( OSTP ) , and NASA Administrator on Tuesday , September 8 .
The summary 's text is consistent with presentations made during the committee 's final public meeting on Aug. 12 .
The summary has been posted on this website for the public .
For media questions regarding the Summary Report , contact Dr. Edward Crawley at MIT at 617-253-7510 .
The full Final Report is still being prepared and will be released when complete .
NASA is working with the Office of Science and Technology Policy ( OSTP ) and other representatives of the Executive Office of the President to plan the next steps leading to a decision by the President about future U.S. human space flight policy . "
It 's time for a change .
Next month , I leave ABC News to start a weekly one - hour prime time show with Fox News .
When I announced that on my blog , plenty of viewers said they were happy to have me leave .
" Goodbye .
You suck .
You have found a much better home for your garbage reporting and backwards politics . "
" Congratulations on the move to the network intellectually suited to your quasi- libertarian corporate - apologist hackery ! "
Oh well , you can't please everyone .
I do n't expect that my libertarian beliefs will please everyone at Fox , either .
Years ago , ABC hired me to do consumer reporting .
When I wised up , deciding consumer " advocates " usually did more harm than good , that horrified some of my colleagues .
When I did my first TV special , I pointed out that regulation itself , by stifling innovation , can make life less safe .
Two producers angrily objected , saying , " No respectable journalist would say that . "
The senior producer on the program smugly told me , " You just ca n't say that on network TV . "
ABC's ( now NBC's ) research director , said : " Why do a show on risk assessment ?
You should do something on diet or breast implants -- something we know people will watch . "
But give ABC credit .
After bitter arguments , it ran the show , titled , " Are We Scaring You to Death ? "
A news division 's vice president said , " I do n't agree with you , but it 's a valid intellectual argument that deserves to be made . "
We were all surprised when 17 million Americans watched .
We got 3,000 letters , many from scientists who wrote : " Thank God , somebody 's finally saying these things .
I can't believe I saw that on network television . "
So I kept doing those kinds of reports .
My bosses often disagreed with my point of view , but they usually let me air it .
But it was frustrating .
My vision and that of my producers were often not in harmony .
Too many stories I thought were important -- such as the land theft called eminent domain , or the FDA 's endangering people 's lives by withholding life - saving drugs -- were not aired .
When I pushed , ABC producers often stared at me as if they were thinking , " Why would you want to do that ? "
So after 28 years , it 's time to move on .
In my new job , I want to dig into the meaning of the words " liberty " and " limited government . "
For many years , through Republican and Democratic administrations , we have been losing something vital in America : the commitment to individual liberty and the understanding that as government grows , liberty shrinks .
Fox offers me more airtime and a new challenge .
I 'm still thinking about what I will do with my own show .
Economic analyses of the latest screwball ideas in Washington -- certainly .
I also want to undertake exercises in understanding libertarianism , the philosophy of freedom , which used to be called " liberalism . "
What do you think ?
You can help me shape the new program .
I ask you for your ideas .
Which interesting speakers should I book ?
What thought experiments should I try with a studio audience ?
Please let me know .
Maybe I can even learn something from the hostile comments : " You are intelectually ( sic ) dishonest and a hack .
I 'm glad I wo n't stumble upon your sloppy one sided reporting ever again . "
" Your right - wing rhetoric was hard to disguise .
You were found out when Obama was elected President . "
It 's interesting to explore the premises here .
I have been one of the few reporters on mainstream network TV who did not hide his political beliefs .
Viewers know I am for individual liberty and the free market , and against government coercion .
I thought that this candor might earn me some credit from those who disagree with me .
After all , by putting my views out there , everyone can judge my reports accordingly .
But -- surprise ! -- it did not win me much credit with those who disagreed .
Instead , many act as if I am the only reporter who has an ideology .
Of course , that 's absurd .
Every reporter has political beliefs .
The difference is that I am upfront about mine .
To be continued .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
This is n’t any big surprise or anything , but it ’s still sort of breathtaking when you see it in such stark terms .
Via Steve Benen ( from a Research 2000 poll ) , the Republican Party is just flat dead everywhere outside the South .
Even folks in the Midwest ca n’t stand them .
The GOP is , for the time being anyway , a purely regional party .
And who ’s responsible for that ?
“ I know this probably sounds arrogant to say , ” George Bush told speechwriter Matt Latimer in a conversation last year , “ but I redefined the Republican Party . ”
I ’d say he had a point .
It ’s sad to say , but American journalism is so heavily dominated by Democratic reporters and editors that , as long as Democrats hold power , we cannot expect our biggest news agencies to look for or report any big story that would cast our leaders in a poor light .
Just consider the muffled peeps of reporting on the Van Jones controversy , ACORN ’s corruption and even the Tea Party rallies .
While Democrats rule , if these news stories occur , do n’t expect to see them on any front page :
* The failure of Congress leaders to pay their taxes .
* Congress leaders accepting illegal campaign contributions .
* White House pressuring scientists to exaggerate global warming findings .
* White House claiming health care costs are going down when they are going up .
* White House claiming the deficit is not increasing when it is .
* The FBI wiretapping of Americans for purely political reasons .
*
The firing of federal inspector generals for purely political reasons .
*
The firing of U.S. attorneys for purely political reasons .
*
The distorting of NSA , CIA , FBI or Homeland Security intelligence to serve a predetermined conclusion .
*
The abuse of detainees by U.S. soldiers and contractors ( unless Congress decides to surrender Afghanistan ) .
* Congress leaders accepting kickbacks from General Motors or Chrysler officials in exchange for laws giving GM or Chrysler an unfair advantage over other automakers .
*
The continued paying of Congress leaders by officials of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in exchange for favorable regulations .
*
The refusal by the Justice Department to prosecute Democrats who discourage non-Democrats from voting .
*
The refusal by the Justice Department to prosecute Democrats who encourage voting by dead , fictitious or otherwise unqualified people .
* Subjecting Soldiers , Marines , Airmen and Sailors to poor health care at military hospitals .
*
The failure of “ stimulus ” spending to create the jobs the administration projected .
*
New health care regulations discouraging breakthroughs in drugs and medical procedures .
*
The relaxing of banking regulations after the White House and Congress promised tighter banking regulations .
*
The failure of alternative energy sources to reduce our dependence on foreign oil .
* A Democratic burglary of a Republican campaign headquarters .
Without delight .
What I ’m saying is , in most newsrooms , and particularly in America ’s biggest newsrooms , these story ideas will be virtually off limits for the next several years .
Reporters and editors wo n’t think to look for them , and even when one of these stories lands in their laps , our established journalists will resist giving it air or ink .
Yes , if the bodies pop up in the river with Democrats ’ notarized confessions attached , the establishment journalists will do a story or two .
But they wo n’t dig , delve and discover with one - hundredth the delightful dedication they have when Republicans are in control .
That ’s just the way it is .
Sunshine super .
Protecting Democrats might have been understandable when the Democrats were out of power , but now that they have full control of the White House and Congress , the Democrats need watching by a vigilant and skeptical press willing to challenge every dubious word and deed .
Our government has to be held accountable , and that ca n’t happen if a partisan press leaves its whistles and spotlights on the shelf .
Frank Warner
* * *
Afterthought :
To put this another way , even if all 20 of these things happened on the Democrats ’ watch , ABC , NBC , CBS , PBS , NPR and The New York Times would give better play to sideshow stories instead .
Maira Kalman is an illustrator , author and designer whose last online column for the Opinion section , " The Principles of Uncertainty , " ran from May of 2006 to April of 2007 and has been published as a book .
She has written and illustrated 12 children 's books , and her artwork is featured in a recent edition of Strunk and White 's " Elements of Style . "
She recently created a panel story for The Rosenbach Museum and Library 's 21st - Century Abe Web project .
Her work is shown at the Julie Saul Gallery in Manhattan .
Ms. Kalman lives in New York City and teaches graduate courses in design at the School of Visual Arts .
" And the Pursuit of Happiness , " about American democracy , will appear on the last Friday of each month .
It was a major media blitz , unprecedented in recent memory .
President Obama -- selling healthcare , parsing Afghanistan , dodging ACORN -- conducted a marathon of interviews with top TV networks .
Taped Friday from the White House Roosevelt Room , the 15 - minute sessions ran yesterday on CNN , CBS , NBC , ABC and the Spanish - language Univision .
Topping the charm offensive : his appearance tonight , his first as president , on David Letterman 's late - night comedy show .
South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham derided the Obama media blitz , saying the commander in chief appeared " on everything but the Food Channel . "
The Obama White House also did not give any airtime to Fox , Rupert Murdoch 's conservative news channel .
[ Updated , 6:38 p.m. : A Fox News Channel spokesperson said that although there may be a perception that Fox is a home to conservative commentators , it is not a “ conservative news channel . ” ]
The White House may have been punishing Fox News for corporate sibling Fox TV 's decision not to air the president 's joint address to Congress a few weeks ago .
" We figured Fox would rather show ' So You Think You Can Dance ' than broadcast an honest discussion about health insurance reform , " snarled White House spokesman Josh Earnest .
But was that smart politics ?
According to Nielsen Media Research , Fox News ' prime - time ratings soared during the second quarter of 2009 -- reaching 1.2 million viewers as compared to CNN 's 598,000 and MSNBC 's average audience of 392,000 .
And Chris Wallace , the anchor of " Fox News Sunday , " was more than a little disturbed .
" They are the biggest bunch of crybabies I have dealt with in my 30 years in Washington , " he told Bill O'Reilly .
Vote here .
Let us know what you think .
Will the Obama snub of Fox hurt the president 's agenda ?
-- Johanna Neuman
We wo n't snub you .
Click here for Twitter alerts on each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot
WASHINGTON – Prime Minister Stephen Harper won reassuring words on the trade front during his first visit to Barack Obama 's White House .
Acknowledging Canadian worries over Buy American - style protectionism , the U.S. President today declared the overall health of cross - border commerce " robust " and vowed to ensure it remains so .
" Canada continues to be a huge trading partner to the United States .
There is no prospect of any budding trade wars between our two countries , " Obama told reporters on the heels of a 70 - minute tête - à - tête with Harper in the Oval Office .
Obama hinted at possible solutions to the " irritants " of Buy American trade rules , saying the two countries have made progress in talks .
" There appears to be ways to deal with this bilaterally but also , potentially , multilaterally , " Obama said , striking a positive pro-trade note that will likely be echoed next week when the two leaders meet again at the G20 Summit in Pittsburgh .
Harper responded in kind , noting that the two sides are on the verge of an " agreement in principal " to enable Canadian air charters to fly National Hockey League teams .
The issue , though a negligible element of cross - border trade , would likely be worked out in the coming days , Harper said .
" We should n't lose the forest for the trees , " said Harper .
" These are important ( trade ) irritants , they are having some real impacts , but they are relatively small compared to the overall scale of Canadian - American trade . "
But Harper went on to emphasize that " it is critical " that as the world struggles toward economic recovery , Canada and the U.S. serve as an example of how the " very significant threat " of trade protectionism can be overcome .
Taking one question each from the U.S. and Canadian press corps , the leaders also offered careful words on Afghanistan , with Obama stressing that the United States is still in the process of weighing how to proceed with the NATO mission .
As he has done before , Obama expressed deep gratitude for the Canadian military 's sacrifices in wartorn Kandahar Province .
But any discussion of a possible increase in U.S. troop levels — and where Canada and other NATO allies fit into the evolving American plan — is premature , he said .
" We are tremendously grateful for the extraordinary sacrifices of the Canadian military .
They have fought , they have had staying power , they have absorbed losses that we all grieve for , " said Obama .
Asked whether he was worried whether Americans might eventually be left to stand alone after Canada and possibly other NATO partners draw down their combat commitments , Obama said : " I 'm not worried what will happen post 2011 .
I want to make sure that given the commitments that have already been made and that are continuing , we make sure that the Canadian presence there fits into a coherent whole and that it is accomplishing our goals . "
Today 's meeting marking the first face - to - face bilateral summit since Feb. 19 , when Obama swept through Ottawa on his first visit outside the U.S. as a newly minted President .
But in stark contrast to the hero 's welcome Obama received in Canada , Harper arrived amid a frenzy of environmental protests targeting Canada 's carbon - intensive oil sands , a flashpoint issue the Canadian government has laboured furiously to defend as Washington ponders how to factor the vast Alberta resource into coming climate - change legislation .
Even as Harper 's motorcade pulled away from the White House a few minutes after noon today , activists were outside , distributing tar sands information DVDs to tourists — one dressed as a " Carbon Bigfoot Stephen Harper , " sipping from what protesters called a " larger - than - life milkshake of dirty oil sands . "
" It is obvious and embarrassing that Canada is lobbying Washington to undermine climate and energy legislation by cutting s special deal for tar sands , " Rick Smith , executive director of Environmental Defence Canada , told the Toronto Star .
Though brief , the Canadian mission to Washington is proving more fulsome than first thought .
After a one - one - one with Obama , the pair moved on to the Oval Office for an expanded meeting that included three senior Canadian cabinet colleagues -- Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon , Environment Minister Jim Prentice and Public Safely Minister Peter Van Loan .
After leaving the White House , Harper proceeded to a private round - table meeting with leaders of the Washington - based Council on Foreign Relations .
Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff said Harper has allowed Canada - U.S. relations to deteriorate and today 's brief meeting with the president did nothing to improve the situation .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" You can't conceal the fact that there are really no results here , " Ignatieff told reporters in Ottawa after watching the Harper - Obama press conference on television .
He said Harper 's claim that the two countries have reached a " breakthrough " on the dispute over charter flights for National Hockey League teams flying back and forth over the border underscores the weakness of current Canada - U.S. ties .
Ignatieff said cross - border hockey is great but " when we have to have the president and the prime minister meet to resolve this issue , it shows how much this relationship has deteriorated over the last four years . "
He also slammed Harper for echoing Obama 's position on the Buy America trade irritant .
The president has acknowledged that protectionist measures in the U.S. are hurting Canadian and American businesses and workers but stressed that , overall , Canada - U.S. trade is still flowing well .
" He ( Harper ) called the Buy America issue a minor irritant , " Ignatieff said .
The Liberal leader noted that the Buy America provisions are barring Canadian exporters from valuable salesopportunities arising from Obama 's $ 860 - billion ( U.S. ) urban reconstruction project meant to stimulate the U.S. economy .
Ignatieff said there was no sign " of any real progress whatsover " on the U.S. protectionist issue after the Prime Minister 's visit to the White House .
Canada 's voice is not being heard in Washington because Harper misunderstood the importance of foreign affairs and has not mounted an adequate diplomatic effort to protest Buy America , Igantieff commented .
The Harper government , he said , has been " amateur hour " when it comes to Canada - U.S. relations .
Tomorrow , Harper and his team are scheduled to fan out for meetings with senior U.S. lawmakers , including Senate leaders Harry Reid ( D ) and Mitch McConnell ( R ) and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
- With files from Les Whittington
Read more about :
The British oil trader Trafigura has offered to pay out in a historic damages claim from 31,000 Africans injured by the dumping of toxic waste in one of the worst pollution disasters in recent history , the Guardian can reveal .
The compensation deal for the victims of toxic oil waste dumping in west Africa – likely to be confirmed imminently – means the full extent of attempts to cover up what really happened can be spelled out for the first time .
The truth is laid bare in Trafigura 's hitherto secret documents , published by the Guardian today .
The company 's internal emails show the true nature of the toxic waste dumped around Abidjan , the capital of Ivory Coast .
Trafigura had publicly claimed the waste was harmless .
The exposure of the company files has contributed to Trafigura 's climbdown after three years of bitterly contested legal battles .
We are publishing them online today .
Martyn Day is a senior partner at the British law firm Leigh Day , which has brought one of the biggest group actions in legal history , seeking damages of £ 100 m .
He said today in Abidjan , where he has been negotiating the settlement : " The claimants are very pleased . "
He was in the process of putting a global deal to the victims , he said .
" The sum being discussed is based on the range of short - term symptoms claimed by our clients . "
Thousands of west Africans besieged local hospitals , and a number died , in 2006 after the dumping of hundreds of tons of highly toxic oil waste around Abidjan .
Official local autopsy reports on 12 alleged victims showed fatal levels of the poisonous gas hydrogen sulphide , one of the waste 's lethal byproducts .
The traders have been publicly insisting for three years that their waste was routine and harmless .
They claim it was " absolutely not dangerous " .
They have until now denied the compensation claims , and their lawyers repeatedly threatened anyone worldwide who sought to contradict their version .
They launched a libel case against BBC Newsnight , forced a " correction " from the Times , demanded the Guardian deleted articles , and yesterday tried to gag journalists in the Netherlands and Norway with legal threats .
But dozens of damning internal Trafigura emails have now come to light .
They reveal how London - based company employers were told in advance that their planned chemical operation , a cheap and dirty process called " caustic washing " , generated such dangerous wastes it was widely outlawed .
Claude Dauphin , the managing director , was told by the London manager , Naeem Ahmed , on 28 December 2005 : " Caustic washes are banned by most countries due to the hazardous nature of the waste ( mercaptans , phenols , smell ) … there are not many facilities remaining in the market .
There is a company in Rotterdam that burns such waste in a high stack chimney and charges are approximately $ 200 /kg . "
An email from Ahmed the previous day to the head of gasoline trading spelled out : " US / Singapore and European terminals no longer allow the use of caustic soda washes since local environmental agencies do not allow disposal of the toxic caustic after treatment . "
Transport of such toxic waste across EU borders was outlawed , he told his bosses .
It was illegal to dump it on any EU landfill .
The London - based traders pressed on regardless , the documents reveal .
They hoped to make profits of $ 7 m a time by buying up what they called " bloody cheap " cargoes of sulphur - contaminated Mexican gasoline .
They decided to try and process the fuel on board a tanker anchored offshore , creating toxic waste they called " slops " .
One trader wrote , on 10 March 2006 : " I do n't know how we dispose of the slops and I do n't imply we would dump them , but for sure , there must be some way to pay someone to take them . "
The resulting black , stinking , slurry was eventually dumped around landfills in Abidjan , after Trafigura paid an unqualified local man to take it away in tanker trucks at a cheap rate .
Trafigura 's libel lawyers , Carter - Ruck , recently demanded the Guardian deleted published articles , saying it was " gravely defamatory " and " untrue " to say Trafigura 's waste had been dumped cheaply and could have caused deaths and serious injuries .
Both the Dutch paper Volkskrant and Norwegian TV said they were yesterday also threatened with gagging actions .
Trafigura launched a libel action against BBC Newsnight , complaining Trafigura had been wrongly accused of causing deaths , disfigurement and miscarriages , and had " suffered serious damage to their reputation " .
The BBC filed a fighting defence this week , accusing Trafigura of knowing its chemicals were " highly toxic , potentially lethal and posed a serious risk to public health " .
The BBC also alleges a cover - up , saying Trafigura 's denials " lack credibility and candour " .
Newsnight plans to transmit another programme on the subject on BBC2 tonight .
The UN human rights special rapporteur Professor Okechukwu Ibeanu criticised Trafigura for potentially " stifling independent reporting and public criticism " in a report the oil traders tried and failed to prevent being published in Geneva this week .
The report said Ibeanu " views with great concern reports that the company has filed or threatened to file lawsuits against various civil society and media institutions that have reported … in a critical manner " .
He wrote : " According to official estimates , there were 15 deaths , 69 persons hospitalised and more than 108,000 medical consultations … there seems to be strong prima facie evidence that the reported deaths and adverse health consequences are related to the dumping . "
The report is written in cautious terms , but Trafigura 's lobbyists , Bell Pottinger , responded by claiming to be " appalled " , saying it was " premature " , " inaccurate " , " potentially damaging " , " poorly researched " , and " deeply flawed " .
Yesterday Greenpeace , which has been investigating the issue , along with Amnesty , launched a legal action in Amsterdam calling for the oil firm to be prosecuted there for homicide or grievous bodily harm .
It said : " This intentional pollution … has caused many people to suffer serious injuries and has even led to death . "
Trafigura said it " utterly rejected " claims of a cover-up .
" Every statement that has been made … has been made in good faith . "
The traders said the autopsy reports were unreliable , and that hydrogen sulphide in the waste was only there in " potential " form .
It has never actually been released .
They said the emails contained " crude and distasteful " language , but had been taken " out of context " and should " not be taken literally " .
They repeated denials that the slops could have caused death or serious injury , and were highly toxic .
They denied lying about the composition of the slops .
Trafigura says it is the world 's third - biggest private oil trader , and declared a $ 440 m profit last year .
Its 200 traders are reported to receive annual bonuses of up to $ 1 m each .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , September 1 , 2009 Tuesday , September 1 , 2009
According to testimony given at a Missouri House of Representatives meeting yesterday , anarchists attempted to get other protesters to commit criminal acts during the End the Fed protests late last year , in what was a possible attempt to instigate chaos to justify a harsh crackdown on behalf of the authorities .
In March it came to light that the End the Fed protests , which took place at banks and regional Federal Reserve branches across the country on November 22 , were being monitored closely by the United States Army Reserve Command , who implied that those protesting against the Fed and the bankster bailout were essentially terrorists .
On November 22 , 2008 , Alex Jones led a rally at the Federal Reserve Bank in Dallas Texas .
The Dallas protest is specifically mentioned in the official Army document .
Ron Paul ’s brother was also in attendance .
During testimony given in response to the infamous Missouri Information Analysis Center ( MIAC ) report , a document authored by Missouri Highway Patrol and distributed to fellow law enforcement agencies that characterizes Ron Paul supporters , libertarians , people who display political bumper stickers , people who own gold , or even people who fly a U.S. flag as potential domestic terrorists , one of the organizers who attended the protests said that “ anarchists ” attempted to recruit followers and encouraged them to commit illegal acts .
“ My group was at the End the Fed rally and there were a bunch of different groups there , ” Cisse Spragin told the Missouri House of Representatives on Monday .
“ And there was this group of anarchists who started talking to us .
And then they tried to recruit us or have us join their group .
Then they started telling us what should we should write on our signs , and insisting on letting them re-write some of our signs .
Later we overheard them saying they could n’t even get us to jaywalk . ”
[ efoods ]
Spragin ’s testimony suggests that the anarchists were attempting to steer the nature of the protests in the opposite direction to guidelines published by End the Fed rally organizers before the protests which called for “ Cooperation and respect for local laws and authorities , ” and “ No blocking of pedestrian or vehicular traffic . ”
This would n’t be the first time that anarchist groups have been used as a tool with which to stir chaos .
As we have documented before , the black bloc anarchist groups are routinely infiltrated and steered by authorities who use them to provoke disorder as a pretext to crack down on legitimate demonstrators .
During the April 2009 G20 summit in London , police stood back and watched anarchists attack banks and other buildings in an incident that had all the hallmarks of a staged event .
Following the SPP protests in Canada in 2007 , Quebec provincial authorities were forced to admit that three rock - wielding black mask - wearing “ anarchists ” were in fact police infiltrators used to gather information on protesters .
Video shows two of the provocateurs pick up rocks and try to incite violence before they are outed as cops by legitimate demonstrators .
The two thugs then tried to slip behind police lines before their fellow officers were forced to stage their arrest .
Again , the fact that they were cops in disguise was later admitted by authorities .
Watch the video .
Alex Jones ’ film Police State 2 : The Takeover exposed how the black bloc anarchists were completely infiltrated and provocateured by the authorities during the violent 1999 WTO protests in Seattle .
The authorities declared a state of emergency , imposed curfews and resorted to nothing short of police state tactics in response to a small minority of hostile black bloc hooligans .
Police allowed the black bloc to run riot in downtown Seattle while they concentrated on preventing the movement of peaceful protestors .
The film presents clear evidence that the black bloc anarchist group was actually controlled by the state and used to demonize peaceful protesters .
Watch the video below .
At the WTO protests in Genoa 2001 a protestor was killed after being shot in the head and run over twice by a police vehicle .
The Italian Carabinere also later beat on peaceful protestors as they slept , and even tortured some , at the Diaz School .
It later emerged that the police fabricated evidence against the protesters , claiming they were anarchist rioters , to justify their actions .
Some Carabiniere officials have since come forward to say they knew of infiltration of the so called black bloc anarchists , and that fellow officers acted as agent provocateurs .
At the Free Trade Area of Americas protests in Miami in late November 2003 , more provocateuring was evident .
The United Steelworkers of America calling for a congressional investigation , stated that the police intentionally caused violence and arrested and charged hundreds of peaceful protestors .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
I was coming on here to post about it !
Hehe , I too just checked my DVRIt 's on at 11:00 am , 11:00 pm , and 3:00 am !
I guess Vh1 heard the wrath of the solo moz fans for not airing it when they originally planned
Our Review
Spewer is a puzzle platformer where your supply of vomit is the key to getting through each level .
Extremely fluid physics makes it a pleasure to spew your load for momentum to reach a higher spot , fill up gaps to swim through , and so on .
Do n't forget to chomp it back up ( yum ! ) after you 've used it as you have a limited supply .
A classy - looking game that gets extremely challenging !
Our Rating : 4 / 5
Description
WARNING : Spewer is very physics heavy and may run slow at times on your computers .
If the game is running slow simply pause the game ( Esc or P ) and set the detail to low and / or turn off the background rendering .
If you 're playing on a low end PC please download the standalone version , there is a link to it on the title screen .
- God
You ’re born into this world a guinea pig before god .
Unsure of his motives you progress through life solving his puzzles searching for meaning in the rudimentary problems of everyday life .
To make sense of life we must evolve past our previous forms , purge from our bodies the rules set in place by our previous selves in order to see the future with new eyes … .
In other words Spewer is a game about puking .
Spewer is a puzzle platformer that uses liquid physics though regurgitation as its core mechanic .
Taking the role of a mysterious test subject , code named Spewer , you must vomit your way through over 60 levels of stomach turning puzzles , learning new abilities , changing forms and piecing together your purpose in life .
Instructions
W - A - D - S to move , click to puke , Spacebar to eat , P to pause , R to reset the level .
Thanks for playing !
Now check out Thanks for playing !
Now check out Guild of Dungeoneering , a game I 'm making where you build the dungeon instead of controlling the hero !
\o/
We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website .
By continuing to use this site , you are agreeing to our use of cookies .
Read our updated Privacy Policy to learn more .
The prospective national ID card was broken and cloned in 12 minutes , the Daily Mail revealed this morning .
The newspaper hired computer expert Adam Laurie to test the security that protects the information embedded in the chip on the card .
Using a Nokia mobile phone and a laptop computer , Laurie was able to copy the data on a card that is being issued to foreign nationals in minutes .
He then created a cloned card , and with help from another technology expert , changed all the data on the new card .
This included the physical details of the bearer , name , fingerprints and other information .
He then rewrote data on the card , reversing the bearer 's status from " not entitled to benefits " to " entitled to benefits " .
He then added fresh content that would be visible to any police officer or security official who scanned the card , saying , " I am a terrorist - shoot on sight . "
According to the paper , Home Office officials said the foreign nationals card uses the same technology as the UK citizens card that will be issued from 2012 .
Guy Herbert , general secretary of privacy lobby group NO2ID , said it was a mistake to assume that the Home Office cared about the card , or identity theft or citizens ' benefit .
He said the Home Office wanted the central database to record citizens ' personal details in one place for official convenience .
" It is that database which will deliver unprecedented power over our lives to Whitehall and make the Home Office king in Whitehall .
The card is an excuse to build the database .
If the card is cancelled it already intends to use passports as a secondary excuse , " he said .
Home Office officials said they were working on a response to the story , and would issue a statement later today .
For more information on the National ID Card scheme
National ID cards geniuses
More on National ID cards from ComputerWeekly
Biopic of billionaire Howard Hughes , starting with his early filmmaking years as owner of R.K.O. Pictures , but mostly focusing on his role in designing and promoting new aircraft .
Hughes was a risk - taker spending several fortunes on designing experimental aircraft and eventually founding TWA as a rival to Pan Am airlines owned by his great rival Juan Trippe .
When Trippe 's politico Senator Ralph Owen Brewster accuses Hughes of being a war profiteer , it 's Hughes who gains the upper hand .
Hughes also had many women in his life including a long relationship with Katharine Hepburn .
From an early age , however , Hughes was also germophobic and would have severe bouts of mental illness .
Written by garykmcd
Overview
This tutorial gives you an introduction to filters , which you can use to build complex pipelines to manipulate text using the filters .
You learn how to display text , sort it , count words and lines , and translate characters , among other tasks .
You also learn how to use the stream editor sed .
In this tutorial , you learn about the following topics :
Sending text files and output streams through text utility filters to modify the output
Using standard UNIX ® commands found in the GNU textutils package
Using the editor sed to script complex changes to text files
This tutorial helps you prepare for Objective 103.2 in Topic 103 of the Linux Server Professional ( LPIC - 1 ) exam 101 .
The objective has a weight of 3 .
Prerequisites
To get the most from the tutorials in this series , you should have a basic knowledge of Linux and a working Linux system on which you can practice the commands covered in this tutorial .
Sometimes different versions of a program format output differently , so your results might not always look exactly like the listings and figures shown here .
Text filtering
About this series
This series of tutorials helps you learn Linux system administration tasks .
You can also use the material in these tutorials to prepare for the Linux Professional Institute ’s LPIC - 1 : Linux Server Professional Certification exams .
See “ Learn Linux , 101 : A roadmap for LPIC - 1 ” for a description of and link to each tutorial in this series .
The roadmap is in progress and reflects the version 4.0 objectives of the LPIC - 1 exams as updated April 15th , 2015 .
As tutorials are completed , they will be added to the roadmap .
Text filtering is the process of taking an input stream of text and performing some conversion on the text before sending it to an output stream .
Although either the input or the output can come from a file , in the Linux and UNIX environments , filtering is most often done by constructing a pipeline of commands where the output from one command is piped or redirected to be used as input to the next .
Pipes and redirection are covered more fully in the tutorial on streams , pipes , and redirects ( which you can find in the series roadmap ) , but for now , let ’s look at pipes and basic output redirection using the | and > operators .
Unless otherwise noted , the examples in this tutorial use Ubuntu 14.04.2 LTS , with a 3.16 kernel .
Your results on other systems might differ .
Streams
A stream is nothing more than a sequence of bytes that can be read or written using library functions that hide the details of an underlying device from the application .
The same program can read from or write to a terminal , file , or network socket in a device - independent way using streams .
Modern programming environments and shells use three standard I /O streams :
stdin is the standard input stream , which provides input to commands .
stdout is the standard output stream , which displays output from commands .
stderr is the standard error stream , which displays error output from commands .
Piping with |
Input can come from parameters you supply to commands , and output can be displayed on your terminal .
Many text processing commands ( filters ) can take input either from the standard input stream or from a file .
To use the output of a command , command1 , as input to a filter , command2 , you connect the commands using the pipe operator ( | ) .
Listing 1 shows how to pipe the output of echo to sort a small list of words .
Listing 1 .
Piping output from echo to input of sort ian@ Z61t ‑u14 : ~$ echo ‑e " apple
pear
banana " | sort apple banana pear Show more Show more icon
Either command can have options or arguments .
You can also use | to redirect the output of the second command in the pipeline to a third command , and so on .
Constructing long pipelines of commands that each have limited capability is a common Linux and UNIX way of accomplishing tasks .
You also sometimes see a hyphen ( -) used in place of a filename as an argument to a command , meaning the input should come from stdin rather than a file .
Output redirection with >
While it is nice to be able to create a pipeline of several commands and see the output on your terminal , there are times when you want to save the output in a file .
You do this with the output redirection operator ( > ) .
For the rest of this section , we use some small files , so let ’s create a directory called lpi103 - 2 and then cd into that directory .
We then use > to redirect the output of the echo command into a file called text1 .
This is all shown in Listing 2 .
Notice that the output does not display on the terminal because it has been redirected to the file .
Listing 2 . Redirecting output from a command to a file ian@Z61t‑u14 : ~$ mkdir lpi103‑2 ian@Z61t‑u14 :~$ cd lpi103‑2 ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ echo ‑e " 1 apple
2 pear
3 banana " > text1
Show more
Show more icon
Now that we have a couple of basic tools for pipelining and redirection , let ’s look at some of the common UNIX and Linux text processing commands and filters .
This section shows you some of the basic capabilities ; check the appropriate man pages to find out more about these commands .
Cat , od , and split
Now that you have created the text1 file , you might want to check what is in it .
Use the cat ( short for concatenate ) command to display the contents of a file on stdout .
Listing 3 verifies the contents of the file created in Listing 2 .
Listing 3 . Displaying file contents with cat ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat text1 1 apple 2 pear 3 banana
Show more
Show more icon
The cat command takes input from stdin if you do not specify a filename ( or if you specify - as the filename ) .
Let ’s use this along with output redirection to create another text file as shown in Listing 4 .
Listing 4 . Creating a text file with cat ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat > text2 9 plum 3 banana 10 apple Show more
Show more icon
Many little filters
Another example of a small filter is the tac command .
The name is the reverse of cat , and the function is also the reverse of cat , in that the file is displayed in reverse order .
Try running
tac text2 text1
for yourself .
In Listing 4 , cat keeps reading from stdin until the end of the file .
Use the Ctrl -d key ( hold Ctrl and press d ) combination to signal end of file .
This is the same key combination to exit from the bash shell .
Use the tab key to line up the fruit names in a column .
Remember that cat was short for concatenate ?
You can use cat to concatenate several files together for display .
Listing 5 shows the two files that we have just created .
Listing 5 . Concatenating two files with cat ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat text * 1 apple 2 pear 3 banana 9 plum 3 banana 10 apple Show more Show more icon
When you display these two text files using cat , you notice alignment differences .
To learn what causes this , you need to look at the control characters that are in the file .
These are acted on in text display output rather than having some representation of the control character itself displayed , so we need to dump the file in a format that allows you to find and interpret these special characters .
The GNU text utilities include an od ( or _ O_ctal _ D_ump ) command for this purpose .
There are several options for od , such as the - A option to control the radix of the file offsets and -t to control the form of the displayed file contents .
The radix can be specified as o , ( octal , the default ) , d ( decimal ) , x ( hexadecimal ) , or n ( no offsets displayed ) .
You can display output as octal , hex , decimal , floating point , ASCII with backslash escapes , or named characters ( for example , nl for newline or ht for horizontal tab ) .
Listing 6 shows some of the formats available for dumping the text2 example file .
Listing 6 . Dumping files with od ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ od text2 0000000 004471 066160 066565 031412 061011 067141 067141 005141 0000020 030061 060411 070160 062554 000012 0000031 ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ od ‑ A d ‑t c text2 0000000 9 \t p l u m
3 \t b a n a n a
0000016 1 0 \t a p p l e
0000025 ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ od ‑ A n ‑t a text2 9 ht p l u m nl 3 ht b a n a n a nl 1 0 ht a p p l e nl Show more Show more icon
Notes :
The - A option of cat provides an alternate way of seeing where your tabs and line endings are .
See the man page for more information .
option of provides an alternate way of seeing where your tabs and line endings are .
See the man page for more information .
If you see spaces instead of tabs in your own text2 file , refer to Expand , unexpand , and tr , later in this tutorial to see how to switch between tabs and spaces in a file .
If you have a mainframe background , you might be interested in the hexdump utility , which is part of a different utility set .
It ’s not covered here , so check the man pages .
Our sample files are very small , but sometimes you have large files that you need to split into smaller pieces .
For example , you might want to break a large file into CD - sized chunks so you can write it to a CD for sending through the mail to someone who could create a DVD for you .
The split command does this in such a way that the cat command can be used to re-create the file easily .
By default , the files resulting from the split command have a prefix in their name of ‘ x ’ followed by a suffix of ‘ aa ’ , ‘ ab ’ , ‘ ac ’ , … , ‘ ba ’ , ‘ bb ’ , and so on .
Options permit you to change these defaults .
You can also control the size of the output files and whether the resulting files contain whole lines or just byte counts .
Listing 7 illustrates splitting our two text files with different prefixes for the output files .
We split text1 into files containing at most two lines , and text2 into files containing at most 18 bytes .
We then use cat to display some of the pieces individually as well as to display a complete file using globbing , which is covered in the tutorial on basic file and directory management .
Listing 7 . Splitting and recombining with split and cat ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ split ‑l 2 text1 ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ split ‑b 17 text2 y ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat yaa 9 plum 3 banana 1ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat yab 0 apple ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat y x 9 plum 3 banana 10 apple 1 apple 2 pear 3 banana Show more
Show more icon
Note that the split file named yaa did not finish with a newline character , so our prompt was offset after we used cat to display it .
Wc , head , and tail
Cat displays the whole file .
That ’s fine for small files like our examples , but suppose you have a large file .
Well , first you might want to use the wc ( _W_ord _C_ount ) command to see how big the file is .
The wc command displays the number of lines , words , and bytes in a file .
You can also find the number of bytes by using ls -l .
Listing 8 shows the long format directory listing for our two text files , as well as the output from wc .
Listing 8 .
Using wc with text files ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ ls ‑l text ‑rw‑rw‑r‑‑ 1 ian ian 24 Jun 8 13:26 text1 ‑rw‑rw‑r‑ ‑ 1 ian ian 25 Jun 8 13:36 text2 ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ wc text 3 6 24 text1 3 6 25 text2 6 12 49 total Show more
Show more icon
Options allow you to control the output from wc or to display other information such as maximum line length .
See the man page for details .
Two commands allow you to display either the first part ( head ) or last part ( tail ) of a file .
These commands are the head and tail commands .
They can be used as filters , or they can take a filename as an argument .
By default , they display the first ( or last ) 10 lines of the file or stream .
Listing 9 uses the dmesg command to display bootup messages , in conjunction with wc , tail , and head to discover that there are 791 messages , then to display the last 10 of these , and finally to display the six messages starting 15 from the end .
Listing 9 .
Using wc , head , and tail to display boot messages ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ dmesg|wc 1100 9541 74856 ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ dmesg | tail [ 8334.796068 ] wlan0 : direct probe to 00:02:6f :ff:39:0c ( try 2/3 ) [ 8335.000081 ] wlan0 : direct probe to 00:02:6f :ff:39:0c ( try 3/3 ) [ 8335.204065 ] wlan0 : authentication with 00:02:6f : ff:39:0 c timed out [ 8351.649200 ] wlan0 : authenticate with 6c:b0:ce: fb:43:02 [ 8351.658626 ] wlan0 : send auth to 6c:b0:ce:fb:43:02 ( try 1/3 ) [ 8351.661222 ] wlan0 : authenticated [ 8351.664069 ] wlan0 : associate with 6c:b0:ce: fb:43:02 ( try 1/3 ) [ 8351.678348 ] wlan0 : RX AssocResp from 6c:b0:ce:fb:43:02 ( capab=0x431 status=0 aid=3 ) [ 8351.678479 ] wlan0 : associated [ 12050.026812 ] perf interrupt took too long ( 2502 > 2500 ) , lowering kernel.perf_event_max_sample_ra te to 50000 ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ dmesg | tail ‑n15 | head ‑n 6 [ 8324.132080 ] wlan0 : direct probe to 6c:b0:ce: fb:43:02 ( try 2/3 ) [ 8324.336072 ] wlan0 : direct probe to 6c:b0:ce:fb:43:02 ( try 3/3 ) [ 8324.540069 ] wlan0 : authentication with 6c:b0:ce:fb:43:02 timed out [ 8334.589068 ] wlan0 : authenticate with 00:02:6f :ff:39:0c [ 8334.594323 ] wlan0 : direct probe to 00:02:6f :ff:39:0c ( try 1/3 ) [ 8334.796068 ] wlan0 : direct probe to 00:02:6f :ff:39:0c ( try 2/3 )
Show more
Show more icon
Another common use of tail is to follow a file that uses the -f option , usually with a line count of 1 .
You might use this when you have a background process that is generating output in a file and you want to check in and see how it is doing .
In this mode , tail runs until you cancel it ( using Ctrl - c ) , displaying lines as they are written to the file .
Expand , unexpand , and tr
When we created our text1 and text2 files , we created text2 with tab characters .
Sometimes , you might want to swap tabs for spaces or vice versa .
The expand and unexpand commands do this .
With the -t option for both commands , you can set the tab stops .
A single value sets repeated tabs at that interval .
Listing 10 shows expand and unexpand that unaligns the text in text2 .
Listing 10 .
Using expand and unexpand ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ expand ‑t 1 text2 9 plum 3 banana 10 apple ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ expand ‑t8 text2|unexpand ‑a ‑t2 |expand ‑t3 9 plum 3 banana 10 apple ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat text1 |tr ' ' ' \t ' |cat ‑ text2 1 apple 2 pear 3 banana 9 plum 3 banana 10 apple Show more Show more icon
Unfortunately , you cannot use unexpand to replace the spaces in text1 with tabs , as unexpand requires at least two spaces to convert to tabs .
However , you can use the tr command , which translates characters in one set ( set1 ) to corresponding characters in another set ( set2 ) .
Listing 11 shows how to use tr to translate spaces to tabs .
Because tr is purely a filter , you generate input for it using the cat command .
This example also illustrates the use of – to signify standard input to cat , so we can concatenate the output of tr and the text2 file .
Listing 11 .
Using tr ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat text1 |tr ' ' ' \t ' |cat ‑ text2 1 apple 2 pear 3 banana 9 plum 3 banana 10 apple Show more Show more icon
If you are not sure what is happening in the last two examples , try using od to terminate each stage of the pipeline in turn ; for example :
cat text1 |tr ‘ ‘ ‘ \t ’ | od - tc cat text1 |tr ' ' ' \t ' | od - tc
Pr , nl , and fmt
The pr command is used to format files for printing .
The default header includes the filename and file creation date and time , along with a page number and two lines of blank footer .
When output is created from multiple files or the standard input stream , the current date and time are used instead of the filename and creation date .
You can print files side - by - side in columns and control many aspects of formatting through options .
As usual , refer to the man page for details .
The nl command numbers lines , which can be convenient when printing files .
You can also number lines with the -n option of the cat command .
Listing 12 shows how to print our text file , and then how to number text2 and print it side - by - side with text1 .
Listing 12 .
Numbering and formatting for print ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ pr text1 | head 2015‑06‑08 13:26 text1 Page 1 1 apple 2 pear 3 banana ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ nl text2 | pr ‑m ‑ text1 | head 2015‑06‑08 16:10 Page 1 1 9 plum 1 apple 2 3 banana 2 pear 3 10 apple 3 banana Show more Show more icon
Another useful command for formatting text is the fmt command , which formats text so it fits within margins .
You can join several short lines as well as split long ones .
In Listing 13 , we create text3 with a single long line of text using variants of the !#:* history feature to save typing our sentence four times .
We also create text4 with one word per line .
Then we use cat to display them unformatted including a displayed ‘ $’ character to show line endings .
Finally , we use fmt to format them to a maximum width of 60 characters .
Again , consult the man page for details on additional options .
Listing 13 .
Formatting to a maximum line length ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ echo
" This is a sentence . " !#:* !#:1‑> text3 echo " This is a sentence . " " This is a sentence . " " This is a sentence .
" > text3 ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ echo ‑e " This
is
another
sentence . " >text4 ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat ‑et text3 text4
This is a sentence .
This is a sentence .
This is a sentence .
$ This$ is $ another$ sentence . $ ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ fmt ‑w 60 text3 text4
This is a sentence .
This is a sentence .
This is a sentence .
This is another sentence .
Show more
Show more icon
Sort and uniq
The sort command sorts the input using the collating sequence for the locale ( LC_COLLATE ) of the system .
The sort command can also merge already sorted files and check whether a file is sorted or not .
Listing 14 illustrates using the sort command to sort our two text files after translating blanks to tabs in text1 .
Because the sort order is by character , you might be surprised at the results .
Fortunately , the sort command can sort by numeric values or by character values .
You can specify this choice for the whole record or for each field .
Unless you specify a different field separator , fields are delimited by blanks or tabs .
The second example in Listing 14 shows sorting the first field numerically and the second by collating sequence ( alphabetically ) .
It also illustrates the use of the -u option to eliminate any duplicate lines and keep only lines that are unique .
Listing 14 .
Character and numeric sorting ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat text1 | tr ' ' ' \t ' | sort ‑ text2 10 apple 1 apple 2 pear 3 banana 3 banana 9 plum ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat text1|tr ' ' ' \t ' | sort ‑u ‑k1n ‑k2 ‑ text2 1 apple 2 pear 3 banana 9 plum 10 apple Show more Show more icon
Notice that we still have two lines containing the fruit “ apple ” because the uniqueness test is performed on all of the two sort keys , k1n and k2 in our case .
Think about how to modify or add steps to the above pipeline to eliminate the second occurrence of ‘ apple ’ .
Another command called uniq gives us another way of controlling the elimination of duplicate lines .
The uniq command normally operates on sorted files and removes consecutive identical lines from any file , whether sorted or not .
The uniq command can also ignore some fields .
Listing 15 sorts our two text files using the second field ( fruit name ) and then eliminates lines that are identical , starting at the second field ( that is , we skip the first field when testing with uniq ) .
Listing 15 .
Using uniq ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat text1|tr ' ' ' \t ' |sort ‑k2 ‑ text2|uniq ‑f1 10 apple 3 banana 2 pear 9 plum Show more Show more icon
Our sort was by collating sequence , so uniq gives us the “ 10 apple ” line instead of the “ 1 apple ” .
Try adding a numeric sort on key field 1 to see how to change this .
Cut , paste , and join
Now let ’s look at three more commands that deal with fields in textual data .
These commands are particularly useful for dealing with tabular data .
The first is the cut command , which extracts fields from text files .
The default field delimiter is the tab character .
Listing 16 uses cut to separate the two columns of text2 and then uses a space as an output delimiter , which is an exotic way of converting the tab in each line to a space .
Listing 16 .
Using cut ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cut ‑ f1‑2 ‑ ‑output‑delimiter= ' ' text2 9 plum 3 banana 10 apple Show more Show more icon
The paste command pastes lines from two or more files side - by - side , similar to the way that the pr command merges files using its -m option .
Listing 17 shows the result of pasting our two text files .
Listing 17 .
Pasting files ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ paste text1 text2 1 apple 9 plum 2 pear 3 banana 3 banana 10 apple Show more Show more icon
These examples show simple pasting , but paste can paste data from one or more files in several other ways .
Consult the man page for details .
Our final field - manipulating command is join , which joins files based on a matching field .
The files should be sorted on the join field .
Because text2 is not sorted in numeric order , we could sort it and then join would join the two lines that have a matching join field ( the field with value 3 in this case ) .
Listing 18 .
Joining files with join fields ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ sort ‑n text2 |join ‑j 1 text1 ‑ 3 banana banana join : ‑:3 : is not sorted : 10 apple Show more Show more icon
So what went wrong ?
Remember what you learned about character and numeric sorting back in the Sort and uniq section .
The join is performed on matching characters according to the locale ’s collating sequence .
It does not work on numeric fields unless the fields are all the same length .
We used the -j 1 - j1 option to join on field 1 from each file .
The field to use for the join can be specified separately for each file .
You could , for example , join based on field 3 from one file and field 10 from another .
Let ’s also create a new file , text5 , by sorting text 1 on the second field ( the fruit name ) and then replacing spaces with tabs .
If we then sort text2 on its second field and join that with text 5 using the second field of each file as the join field , we should have two matches ( apple and banana ) .
Listing 19 illustrates this join .
Listing 19 .
Joining files with join fields ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ sort ‑k2 text1|tr ' ' ' \t '> text5 ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ sort ‑ k2 text2 | join ‑ 1 2 ‑ 2 2 text5 ‑ apple 1 10 banana 3 3 Show more Show more icon
Sed
Sed is the _s_tream _ed_itor .
Several developerWorks articles , as well as many books and book chapters , are available on sed ( see the resources at the right side for more details ) .
Sed is extremely powerful , and the tasks it can accomplish are limited only by your imagination .
This small introduction should whet your appetite for sed , but is not intended to be complete or extensive .
As with many of the text commands we have looked at so far , sed can work as a filter or take its input from a file .
Output is to the standard output stream .
Sed loads lines from the input into the pattern space , applies sed editing commands to the contents of the pattern space , and then writes the pattern space to standard output .
Sed might combine several lines in the pattern space , and it might write to a file , write only selected output , or not write at all .
Sed uses regular expression syntax to search for and replace text selectively in the pattern space as well as to control which lines of text should be operated on by sets of editing commands .
Regular expressions are covered more fully in the tutorial on searching text files using regular expressions .
A hold buffer provides temporary storage for text .
The hold buffer might replace the pattern space , be added to the pattern space , or be exchanged with the pattern space .
Sed has a limited set of commands , but these combined with regular expression syntax and the hold buffer make for some amazing capabilities .
A set of sed commands is usually called a sed script .
Listing 20 shows three simple sed scripts .
In the first one , we use the s ( substitute ) command to substitute an uppercase for a lowercase ‘ a ’ on each line .
This example replaces only the first ‘ a ’ , so in the second example , we add the ‘ g ’ ( for global ) flag to cause sed to change all occurrences .
In the third script , we introduce the d ( delete ) command to delete a line .
In our example , we use an address of 2 to indicate that only line 2 should be deleted .
We separate commands using a semi-colon ( ; ) and use the same global substitution that we used in the second script to replace ‘ a ’ with ‘ A ’ .
Listing 20 .
Beginning sed scripts ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ sed 's /a/A/' text1 1 Apple 2 peAr 3 bAnana ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ sed 's /a/A/g' text1 1 Apple 2 peAr 3 bAnAnA ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ sed ' 2d ;$s/a/A/g ' text1 1 apple 3 bAnAnA
Show more
Show more icon
In addition to operating on individual lines , sed can operate on a range of lines .
The beginning and end of the range is separated by a comma ( , ) and can be specified as a line number , a regular expression , or a dollar sign ( $ ) for the end of file .
Given an address or a range of addresses , you can group several commands between curly braces , { and } to have these commands operate only on lines selected by the range .
Listing 21 illustrates two ways of having our global substitution applied to only the last two lines of our file .
It also illustrates the use of the -e option to add multiple commands to the script .
Listing 21 .
Sed addresses ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ sed ‑e ' 2 , $ {' ‑e 's / a/A/g' ‑e '} ' text1 1 apple 2 peAr 3 bAnAnA ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ sed ‑e '/ pear/,/ bana/{' ‑e 's /a/A/g' ‑e '} ' text1 1 apple 2 peAr 3 bAnAnA
Show more
Show more icon
Sed scripts can also be stored in files .
In fact , you probably want to do this for frequently used scripts .
Remember earlier we used the tr command to change blanks in text1 to tabs .
Let ’s now do that with a sed script stored in a file .
We use the echo command to create the file .
The results are shown in Listing 22 .
Listing 22 .
A sed one - liner ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ echo ‑e " s/ /\t/g" >sedtab ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat sedtab s/ / /g ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ sed ‑f sedtab text1 1 apple 2 pear 3 banana
Show more
Show more icon
There are many handy sed one - liners such as Listing 22 .
See the resources at the right side for links to some .
Our final sed example uses the = command to print line numbers and then filter the resulting output through sed again to mimic the effect of the nl command to number lines .
The = command in sed prints the current line number followed by a newline character , so the output contains two lines for each input line .
Listing 23 uses = to print line numbers , then uses the N command to read a second input line into the pattern space , and finally removes the newline character (
) between the two lines in the pattern space to merge the two lines into a single line .
Listing 23 .
Numbering lines with sed ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ sed '= ' text2 1 9 plum 2 3 banana 3 10 apple ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ sed ' = ' text2|sed 'N;s /
//' 19 plum 23 banana 310 apple Show more Show more icon
Not quite what we wanted !
What we would really like is to have our numbers aligned in a column with some space before the lines from the file .
In Listing 24 , we enter several lines of commands ( note the > secondary prompt ) .
Study the example and refer to the explanation below .
Listing 24 .
Numbering lines with sed – round two ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ cat text1 text2 text1 text2>text6 ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ ht= $ ( echo ‑en " \t " ) ian@Z61t‑u14:~/lpi103‑2 $ sed '= ' text6|sed " N > s/^/ / > s/^.*(......)
/ \1$ht / " 1 1 apple 2 2 pear 3 3 banana 4 9 plum 5 3 banana 6 10 apple 7 1 apple 8 2 pear 9 3 banana 10 9 plum 11 3 banana 12 10 apple Show more Show more icon
Here are the steps that we took :
We first used cat to create a 12 - line file from two copies each of our text1 and text2 files .
There ’s no fun in formatting numbers in columns if we do n’t have differing numbers of digits .
The bash shell uses the tab key for command completion , so it can be handy to have a captive tab character that you can use when you want a real tab .
We use the echo command to accomplish this and save the character in the shell variable ‘ ht ’ .
We create a stream that contains line numbers followed by data lines as we did before and filter it through a second copy of sed .
We read a second line into the pattern space .
We prefix our line number at the start of the pattern space ( denoted by ^ ) with six blanks .
We then substitute all of the pattern space up to and including the first newline with the six characters immediately before the newline plus a tab character .
This aligns our line numbers in the first six columns of the output line .
The original line from the text6 file follows the tab character .
Note that the left part of the ‘ s ’ command uses ‘(‘ and ‘ ) ’ to mark the characters that we want to use in the right part .
In the right part , we reference the first such marked set ( and only such set in this example ) as \ 1 .
Note that our command is contained between double quotation marks ( “ ) so that substitution occurs for $ht .
Version 4 of sed contains documentation in info format and includes many excellent examples .
These are not included in the older version 3.02 .
GNU sed accepts sed --version to display the version .
Pagers
When you use the man command to view manual pages , you probably notice that most manual pages contain a lot more data than fits on one screen .
For this reason , the man command is also known as a manual pager because ti allows you to page through the information .
The way man works is that it extracts the requested information from compressed manual files and formats it as a stream of output characters .
It then uses a pager program to display the actual stream on your terminal .
There are a number of pager programs available on a typical Linux system and you can configure man to use your preferred pager , if you do n’t like the default .
In the earlier days of UNIX systems , output to the screen was paged using the more pager .
The original more program needed to read the entire input before displaying anything and it could only page forwards .
These were big limitations , particularly if you were piping the output of a long running program and had to wait for it to finish before seeing output .
The less pager solves both of the major limitations of more ( as the man page says “ less is the opposite of more ” ) .
It displays output as soon as it becomes available and it also allows paging backward .
As you might expect , the less command has a man page , and it also has a large number of options to control its behavior .
The usual default is to scroll up or down a page using the Page Up or Page Down keys .
You can also enter commands .
The most common search is simply / followed by a search string .
Use ?
instead of / to search backward .
Use the h command to get a summary of available commands .
Listing 25 shows the man page help summary for moving around the file .
Note that there is also a section for jumping around the file ( for example , jumping to the top or bottom of the file ) .
Listing 25 .
Man page help for moving in less MOVING e ^E j ^N CR * Forward one line ( or N lines ) .
y ^Y k ^K ^P * Backward one line ( or N lines ) .
f ^F ^V SPACE * Forward one window ( or N lines ) .
b ^B ESC‑v * Backward one window ( or N lines ) .
z * Forward one window ( and set window to N ) . w * Backward one window ( and set window to N ) .
ESC ‑SPACE * Forward one window , but do n't stop at end ‑of‑file .
d ^D * Forward one half ‑window ( and set half ‑window to N ) .
u ^U * Backward one half ‑window ( and set half ‑window to N ) .
ESC ‑ ) RightArrow * Left one half screen width ( or N positions ) .
ESC ‑( LeftArrow * Right one half screen width ( or N positions ) .
F Forward forever ; like " tail ‑f " .
r ^R ^L Repaint screen .
R Repaint screen , discarding buffered input .
‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑
Default " window " is the screen height .
Default " half ‑window " is half of the screen height .
Show more
Show more icon
Listing 26 shows the man page help summary for searching in less .
Listing 26 .
Man page help for searching in less SEARCHING / pattern * Search forward for ( N‑th ) matching line .
? pattern * Search backward for ( N‑th ) matching line .
n * Repeat previous search ( for N‑th occurrence ) .
N * Repeat previous search in reverse direction .
ESC‑n * Repeat previous search , spanning files .
ESC‑N * Repeat previous search , reverse dir .
& spanning files .
ESC‑u Undo ( toggle ) search highlighting .
& pattern * Display only matching lines ‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑
A search pattern may be preceded by one or more of : ^N or !
Search for NON ‑matching lines .
^E or * Search multiple files ( pass thru END OF FILE ) .
^F or @ Start search at FIRST file ( for / ) or last file ( for ? ) .
^K
Highlight matches , but do n't move ( KEEP position ) .
^R
Do n't use REGULAR EXPRESSIONS .
Show more
Show more icon
The intro to a report by Fox on the recent self defense shootings in WI mischaracterizes self defense as vigilantism .
Fox ’s statements , and the problems with those statements , are below :
In a recent spate of crimes the victims have taken the law into their own hands .
It is true that there has recently been a spike in the number of criminals shot by their would - be victims .
However it is wrong to say that those armed would - be victims “ took the law into their own hands . ”
Taking the law into one ’s own hands is vigilantism .
It is where a citizen takes it upon themselves to seek out a suspected criminal , and punish that criminal for a crime that has already been completed , out of a desire for vengeance .
Vigilantism is wrong and illegal , because it often results in innocent people being punished in terrible and inhumane ways .
For example , it is vigilantism for a citizen to go looking for a suspected robber , then stab that person .
Self defense , on the other hand , is the use of force by a victim to stop a criminal from completing an in - progress crime .
Self defense is morally and legally right , since it allows an innocent person to save themselves from violent attack by a criminal .
For example , it is self defense to shoot home invading criminals who are preparing to commit rape and murder .
In sum , vigilantism and self defense are worlds apart , and should not be confused with each other .
Confusing the two does a great disservice to our right to self defense , and maligns those brave citizens who rightfully defended themselves against violent criminals .
A more detailed explanation of the difference between the two can be seen here .
FOX 6 ’s Mike Lowe says when you take the law into your own hands you ’re actually protected by state law .
This statement is laden with problems .
Firstly , it again confuses self defense with vigilantism , which is a problem for the reasons discussed above .
Secondly , it suggests that citizens may lawfully engage in vigilantism , which is flatly untrue , again for the reasons discussed above .
Finally , it suggests that it is surprising law abiding citizens have the right to defend themselves from criminals .
This last part is perhaps the worst .
All too often , the media and overzealous prosecutors blame citizens who have lawfully acted in self defense .
Indeed , many of the ordinary people that I ’ve spoken with about self defense rights do n’t seem to understand that it is a constitutional right and basic human right to use force in defense of oneself against a criminal .
I just do n’t see it as responsible journalism to suggest it is surprising that a citizen has the right to self defense .
Having discussed the problems with this Fox article , I would like to note that I am in part happy it was published .
All too often , the news media fails to report self defense cases , while giving much coverage to criminals ’ misuse of guns .
Discussing these self defense cases is a step in the right direction – now if only Fox would pick writer who uses proper terminology and does n’t overly sensationalize the headlines …
My thanks to Anders for pointing out this Fox report .
The recession ended in the June quarter , with the economy growing by the barest of margins , up just 0.1 per cent , according to official figures .
Most economists and the Reserve Bank expected a slight fall in the June quarter , but that growth would return in the September quarter .
The recession began at the start of 2008 .
Economist said yesterday that a better than expected result for the economy could see the kiwi dollar continue to rise against the US dollar .
The kiwi went above US72c for the first time in 13 months , peaking at US72.43 c overnight , before easing to US72.04 c by 8 am today , before the GDP release just out .
Economic activity , as measured by Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) , was up less than 0.1 per cent in the June 2009 quarter , Statistics New Zealand said .
This growth in economic activity follows five quarters of contraction in the New Zealand economy .
Activity in the primary industries was up 1.5 per cent in the June 2009 quarter , mainly driven by forestry and logging ( up 8.0 per cent ) .
The increase in forestry and logging production was related to an increase in exports of logs to the People 's Republic of China .
Activity in the goods - producing industries contracted 0.5 per cent in the June 2009 quarter .
The manufacturing ( down 1.3 per cent ) and construction ( down 1.9 per cent ) industries both declined .
A 5.9 per cent increase in electricity , gas and water partly offset these declines .
Activity in the services industries was flat this quarter .
Service industries that increased were real estate and business services ( up 1.5 per cent ) and communications ( up 1.7 per cent ) .
Offsetting these increases were declines in wholesale trade ( down 2.1 per cent ) , transport and storage ( down 3.3 per cent ) , and government administration and defence ( down 0.4 per cent ) .
The expenditure measure of GDP , released concurrently with the production measure , was up 0.4 percent in the June 2009 quarter .
Household consumption expenditure , which measures the volume of spending by New Zealand households , was up 0.4 per cent .
This increase in household spending was driven by non-durables ( mainly motor fuel ) and services .
Household spending on durable items fell .
Export volumes were up 4.7 per cent in the June 2009 quarter , with exports of dairy and wood products the main contributors .
Import volumes decreased 3.8 percent in the same period , with the largest declines in intermediate goods , and machinery and plant equipment .
The combination of higher exports , lower imports , and a decline in manufacturing led to a large , $ 1.1 billion run down in inventories .
Building on its strategy of delivering quality branded content to people around the world , The Walt Disney Company ( DIS ) has agreed to acquire Marvel Entertainment , Inc. ( MVL ) in a stock and cash transaction , the companies announced today .
Under the terms of the agreement and based on the closing price of Disney on August 28 , 2009 , Marvel shareholders would receive a total of $ 30 per share in cash plus approximately 0.745 Disney shares for each Marvel share they own .
At closing , the amount of cash and stock will be adjusted if necessary so that the total value of the Disney stock issued as merger consideration based on its trading value at that time is not less than 40 % of the total merger consideration .
Based on the closing price of Disney stock on Friday , August 28 , the transaction value is $ 50 per Marvel share or approximately $ 4 billion .
“ This transaction combines Marvel ’s strong global brand and world - renowned library of characters including Iron Man , Spider - Man , X - Men , Captain America , Fantastic Four and Thor with Disney ’s creative skills , unparalleled global portfolio of entertainment properties , and a business structure that maximizes the value of creative properties across multiple platforms and territories , ” said Robert A. Iger , President and Chief Executive Officer of The Walt Disney Company .
“ Ike Perlmutter and his team have done an impressive job of nurturing these properties and have created significant value .
We are pleased to bring this talent and these great assets to Disney . ”
“ We believe that adding Marvel to Disney ’s unique portfolio of brands provides significant opportunities for long - term growth and value creation , ” Iger said .
“ Disney is the perfect home for Marvel ’s fantastic library of characters given its proven ability to expand content creation and licensing businesses , ” said Ike Perlmutter , Marvel ’s Chief Executive Officer .
“ This is an unparalleled opportunity for Marvel to build upon its vibrant brand and character properties by accessing Disney ’s tremendous global organization and infrastructure around the world . ”
Under the deal , Disney will acquire ownership of Marvel including its more than 5,000 Marvel characters .
Mr. Perlmutter will oversee the Marvel properties , and will work directly with Disney ’s global lines of business to build and further integrate Marvel ’s properties .
The Boards of Directors of Disney and Marvel have each approved the transaction , which is subject to clearance under the Hart - Scott - Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act , certain non-United States merger control regulations , effectiveness of a registration statement with respect to Disney shares issued in the transaction and other customary closing conditions .
The agreement will require the approval of Marvel shareholders .
Marvel was advised on the transaction by BofA Merrill Lynch .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
When I used to complain to my mother about my older brother ’s verbal taunts , she usually told me to just ignore it ; it was my strident reaction that made him want to mess with me .
I now tell my son the same when his little sister deliberately pushes his buttons .
But we ( somewhat rational ) journalists are pathologically unable to grasp that simple truism and ignore the taunts of the bullies that populate right - wing cable and radio .
Truth is , our whole culture is addicted to meaningless controversy , and by god , it drives Web traffic like nothing doing .
So when Obama is attacked by crazies who insist he lacks a birth certificate , when Glenn Beck jokes about poisoning Nancy Pelosi , when Fox lights up with claims that the Democrats want to euthanize the elderly , when Rush and others equate the president to Hitler , the journobloggers are all over it .
Anytime I ’m drawn to comment on this stuff , though , I have to admit some level of ambivalence .
I still remember being annoyed years ago when one of Bill O’Reilly ’s antigay tirades about San Francisco made A - 1 in the San Francisco Chronicle .
Did n’t the editors get it ?
To steal from the first Terminator movie :
That ’s what he does .
It ’s all he does .
O’Reilly baits people , and they respond , and then he sells more books .
Even 2 Live Crew , a feeble act that made millions in the 1990s off an obscene - lyrics controversy , understood that game .
( Of course , fanning the O’Reilly flame probably sells more newspapers , too .
And god knows , they need all the sales they can get .
Evidence here . )
In short , the cable bullies live and breathe to enrage liberals .
And why ?
Why do they taunt , lie , make things up , distort reality , provoke unhinged people that go on to murder physicians and the like .
Are they nutbag ideologues ?
Partly .
Do they do it for the money ?
Partly .
But more fundamentally , I think a lot of them do it because they ’re insecure and crave the attention .
These are the proverbial kids who never got enough love , or were bullied or ignored , and now they ’re having their comeuppance on the kindergarten playground of ideas .
Take Beck , who had a tragedy - filled childhood , struggled through high school , then hit the bottle hard before discovering AA .
By winning a contest , he got his break as a weekend music deejay .
Then there ’s radio hate - talker Michael Savage , whose father would shame him publicly , according to a close friend quoted here : “ Michael would have on tight black jeans and a boat - necked sweater and his dad would say , ‘ I do n’t like the way you ’re dressed .
You look like a fag , ’ stuff like that . ”
Another old friend told SF Weekly reporter Ron Russell : “ He has a very strong need for public adulation .
He wants to be loved . ”
Perversely , we provide them that love .
Even as we attack the haters for their vitriol , their lowering the intelligence of public debate while raising its decibel level , we offer them legitimacy and project their message to a wider audience .
Before long , the disinformation we ’re countering becomes conventional wisdom for people who choose not to think for themselves very much .
( Sort of reminds me of a tidbit in our recent drug package about how the Bush administration spend hundreds of millions of dollars on anti-pot ads even after it learned that teens who saw them were actually more likely to smoke pot — except in that example the teens actually were thinking for themselves . )
In any case , even the fringe of the fringe , freaks such as the scripture - spewing Rev. Fred Phelps of Kansas , who pickets funerals and the like with his “ God Hates Fags ” signs , usually manages to stir enough local outrage to make the papers .
And that ’s what fuels him .
Even so , what would we in the media do without these jerks ?
Blog about issues of substance ?
Please .
How would Chris Matthews and Keith Olbermann and our friend Rachel Maddow cope with such a void — would Jon Stewart lack for material ?
And how are liberal advocacy groups to raise money when they can’t capitalize on the latest Beck or Coulter outrage to open the fund - raising spigot ?
For that matter , Al Franken might not be a senator were it not for his high - profile battles with O’Reilly .
So I guess you can dismiss this post as a late - summer fantasy : Avid blog readers may encounter an occasional plea to ignore one or another of these reviled hosts —
Alternet ’s Don Hazen has suggested as much for Coulter , and our own Kevin Drum had done so for Beck .
Still , I wonder what would happen if every credible journalist and blogger got together and made a pact to shut out the hateful drivel entirely ?
Even for 24 hours .
We could call it A Day Without A Right - Wing Wack Job .
Or how about a month ?
Just imagine .
How peaceful August could be .
Follow Michael Mechanic on Twitter .
BB&T is taking over Colonial BancGroup deposits and assets
Colonial BancGroup has become the biggest US bank to collapse this year .
Colonial , a property lender based in Montgomery , Alabama , had about $ 25bn of assets , said the US regulator , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp ( FDIC ) .
The agency approved the sale of Colonial 's $ 20bn in deposits to BB&T , a North Carolina - based bank .
BB&T will also buy $ 22bn of Colonial 's assets .
The collapse is expected to cost the FDIC about $ 2.8 bn .
The total number of bank failures is now over 70 in 2009 .
The FDIC also entered into a loss - sharing agreement on about $ 15bn of Colonial 's assets with BB&T , the regulator said .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Guy Laliberté , the Canadian circus billionaire who founded Cirque du Soleil , officially became the first clown in space this morning when he blasted off for the International Space Station .
A Soyuz capsule carrying Laliberté and two astronauts lifted off on schedule from the Baikonur launch facility atop a Russian rocket .
Laliberté , the US astronaut Jeffrey Williams and the Russian cosmonaut Maxim Surayev got a rousing send - off from friends and family at the Russian launch facility on the Kazakh steppe .
They are expected to arrive at the orbital outpost on Friday .
Laliberté , 50 , plans to help publicise the world 's growing shortage of clean water .
But he 's also doing his best to make the trip fun .
The entertainer donned a bulbous red clown nose before boarding the capsule and brought several of the novelty noses for his crewmates .
Laliberté , who plans to spend 12 days in space , paid $ 35 m ( £ 22 m ) for his flight .
He has a 95 % stake in Cirque du Soleil , a circus arts and theatre performance company that turned 25 this year .
The entertainment tycoon has said he will try to persuade his fellow spacemen to don red clown noses .
Laliberté may be one of the last private visitors to the space station for several years as Nasa retires its shuttle programme and turns to the Russian space agency to ferry US astronauts to the orbiting lab , crowding out places for tourists .
Eric Anderson , the chief executive officer of Space Adventures , said his company would try to make sure at least three tourists could visit the space station each year , despite the shuttle 's scheduled retirement .
" I keep hearing that space tourism is ending and it never seems to be true , " Anderson told the Associated Press .
One way to keep the programme alive would be to increase the number of Russian Soyuz missions , Anderson said .
I feel like I 've been waiting a long time to write that headline .
This week , meet Dogoo Girl and her magical crime - fighting breasts ( They glow ! ) .
Next up , the first clip from Romero 's next zombie movie and an Aswang attack .
Advertisement
Dogoo Girl
Here 's the trailer for the Japanese TV Show The Amazing Dogoo Girl , from the wonderfully terrible minds who brought us Tokyo Gore Police and Robo Geisha .
I 'm not sure what I love more about the new TV show : the evil coy transforming lady , who is later seen in full - out make - out fish mode with another character , or the bee - breasts picture above .
This is n't the first time we 've seen super - powered lady parts being used for fighting crime , but it may be the first time I 've heard about it on television .
Hey , as long as you 're using your lumps for justice , I 'm behind you , Dogoo Girl !
( Thanks for the tip , Robert . )
Advertisement
Survival of the Dead
Next up is the first clip from George Romero 's Survival of The Dead , which will be screening at Toronto for the lucky folks in Canada .
I 'm still not sure how I feel about this film , but I am happy to see the master tackling the much talked about zombie fishing scenario .
Check it out ...
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Patient X
Twitch has the first trailer for Filipino monster movie based around the legend of the aswang , a beast that feeds on the insides of humans .
As far as I can tell , it 's your standard monster fare : people stuck in a building with the big bad , and trying to escape while being picked off one by one in the dark .
But according to a very quick Google image search , the Aswang looks like the pictures below , which is a winged vampire beast with boobs , so that 's Patient X one , Relic , zero .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Under The Mountain
Also from Twitch , which is a great place for Toronto Film festival updates I may add , are a slew of new clips from the Under the Mountain movie .
The picture ( which was actually an old TV series ) stars a pair of twins that discover a freaky scary as hell alien race underground , then Dr. Grant shows up to help out .
I 've included a few of the clips from the upcoming premiere at TIFF .
Jonathan King , who directed Black Sheep , is the brains behind this New Zealand film .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Here 's the official synopsis :
When teenage twins Rachel and Theo Matheson investigate the creepy old house next door , they discover the Wilberforces - shape - shifting creatures that lurk beneath Auckland 's ring of extinct volcanoes .
Guided by the mysterious Mr Jones and with the help of their older cousin Ricky , the twins must rekindle the unique powers they once shared if they are to destroy this ancient evil - before it destroys them .
Advertisement
And if you do n't remember the TV series .... well here 's that as well ....
A man who became suicidal from grief after running over a cyclist at Old Noarlunga in Adelaide 's south has been sent to jail for a minimum of 10 months .
Darren James Rudland pleaded guilty to a death by dangerous driving charge , after hitting and killing Alistair Smith , 50 , on the Victor Harbor Road in January .
The court heard he had been labouring in vineyards in 45 - degree heat and drank beers after work to cool down before he decided to drive home .
After hitting the cyclist , he fled the scene , but made full admissions to police a short time later .
Judge Michael Boylan set a lower - than - usual non-parole term because of Rudland 's overwhelming remorse .
Irving Moskowitz has come a long way since he began his medical career as an young internist in California 60 years ago .
Shortly after earning his medical degree in 1952 , he bought his first hospital .
This transaction turned into a lucrative business of buying and selling hospitals , which earned him his first fortune .
As early as 1969 , he began to turn his attention from hospitals to real estate of a different sort : holy real estate .
He began to buy property for yeshivot in East Jerusalem .
But he was running out of hospitals to sell and needed a new source of income to fund his dreams .
In 1972 , he opened the first hospital in the small southern California town of Hawaiian Gardens and became a local hero .
So in 1988 , when the town faced the loss of $ 200,000 in revenue from the local bingo parlour , they turned to the orthodox Jewish doctor to take over the operation .
The town agreed to accept 1 % of gross receipts , and Moskowitz kept the rest – tens of millions of dollars .
He never looked back , and his second fortune was guaranteed .
California law required that bingo be conducted by a non-profit organisation .
So he shrewdly incorporated the Moskowitz Foundation , enabling his profits to be transferred directly to Israeli projects and largely avoid US taxes .
Over time , Moskowitz and other supporters of a far - right settler agenda developed a vision of " Judaising " East Jerusalem and its environs .
They began after the 1967 war with a goal of repopulating formerly Jewish neighbourhoods , whose inhabitants had been expelled in 1948 .
The vision has gradually become more ambitious , seeking to dislodge Arab inhabitants from their traditional homes in villages like Silwan in order to transform Jerusalem into an exclusively Jewish city that can never be divided or shared with the Palestinians .
Rabbi Haim Beliak , a pre-eminent Jewish activist and opponent of Moskowitz , goes so far as to call this " ethnic cleansing " of the indigenous population .
Moskowitz 's goal is to impose , through demography and population transfer , a political agenda on the state .
In 1985 , Moskowitz purchased a political and real estate crown jewel : the Shepherd Hotel , for which he paid $ 1 m .
The property had been the headquarters of the Mufti , Haj Amin al - Husseini , a leader of Jerusalem Palestinians in the 1940s , who allied himself with the Nazis during the second world war .
The state took control of the property decades ago and then sold it to Moskowitz .
In one stroke , Moskowitz wrested from Palestinians part of their historic legacy and enabled the settler movement to make inroads into a new Arab neighbourhood .
Moskowitz plans to raze the hotel and construct residential units for like - minded ideological settlers .
But for years , no Israeli government or municipal administration would to give him permission to build on the site .
They understood the tinder - box nature of Moskowitz 's proposal , remembering his last foray into sacred real estate : the Hasmonean Tunnel , a major Jewish excavation under the Al Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem – the opening of which in 1996 led to violence that left 85 Palestinians and 16 Israelis dead .
The current rightist Israeli government and new nationalist mayor of Jerusalem are prepared to throw caution to the wind and push the Shepherd Hotel project through , however .
Last month , the city of Jerusalem approved Moskowitz plans .
This is where the Obama administration comes in .
They put up a big red stop sign in front of the development , telling Netanyahu in no uncertain terms that it should not begin .
The US state department took the highly unusual step of summoning Israeli ambassador Michael Oren to tell him of its displeasure with the project .
Netanyahu 's reply was bull - headed and typically disingenuous .
There would be no limits on Jewish construction in " unified Jerusalem " , he told his cabinet .
" We cannot accept the fact that Jews would n't be entitled to live and buy anywhere in Jerusalem , " Netanyahu said .
" I can only imagine what would happen if someone suggested Jews could not live in certain neighbourhoods in New York , London , Paris or Rome .
There would certainly be a major international outcry . "
Bibi neglected to mention that no one in the world recognises Israel 's annexation of East Jerusalem .
Thus we 're not talking about Jews being prevented from living in New York .
Rather , we 're talking about a hypothetical New York divided between two nations which are in a state of hostility .
Naturally , one of the nations might want to regulate the settlement of citizens from the other in its neighbourhoods .
Based on a review of his foundation 's tax forms , Moskowitz has sunk at least $ 70 m as of 2002 into various settlement projects ( not including his own personal fortune , which could add millions more ) .
Besides him , there are a number of other American Jewish pro-settler groups raising millions of dollars for similar projects .
One of Moskowitz 's favourite charities , to which he has given at least $ 5 m , is American Friends of Ateret Cohanim , which runs a prominent East Jerusalem yeshiva .
More importantly , its mission calls for rebuilding the Holy Temple and re-instituting animal sacrifices from the time of King David .
The yeshiva trains those who would become priests if such a temple were ever built .
If any of this came to fruition , it would likely ignite a holy war between Jews and Muslims .
I have urged the IRS to revoke the non-profit status of these entities .
By granting tax - exempt status to the groups and their donations , the US taxpayer becomes an indirect subsidiser of the occupation .
Denying non-profit status would strike a major blow against the American Jewish funding pipeline , which advances the most noxious projects of the extremist settler movement .
Given that Moskowitz is a political ally of Netanyahu , the Obama administration may have deliberately chosen a showdown over the Shepherd Hotel , since it knows very few American Jews ( let alone Americans in general ) will have any sympathy for such a provocative project to destroy a Palestinian historic landmark .
By now , everyone has heard or has seen someone with that ridiculous herbal incense , that most stores are selling theseRead More
Today 's guest strip is by the wonderful and amazing Danielle Corsetto of Girls With Slingshots !
GWS is one of my absolute favorite strips , and I totally love Danielle 's take on my characters .
If you 're not already familiar with her strip , you should really check it out .
We fly out to San Diego in less than 12 hours !
I am excited .
See you there , hopefully !
When I started working on Bugzilla in 2004 , it was a difficult time for the whole project .
There were tremendous problems with the code , we had n’t gotten a major release out in two years , and a lot of the main developers had left to go do paid work .
But eventually , thanks to a bunch of new members in the Bugzilla community , we released Bugzilla 2.18 .
Hooray !
Bells rang , birds sang , and there was much rejoicing .
However , in the space between Bugzilla 2.16 ( which was before my time ) and Bugzilla 2.18 ( which was the first release that I helped get out ) , something very strange happened –we developed serious competition .
All of the sudden there were a bunch of new bug - tracking systems , some of them open - source and some of them not , that people were actually using .
At first it was n’t too worrisome .
Bugzilla was pretty dominant in its field , and it ’s hard to lose that kind of position .
But as time went on , there was more and more competition , and some people were predicting doom and gloom for Bugzilla .
We were a tiny group of completely unpaid volunteers , and some of these competing products were being made by companies whose marketing and development resources absolutely dwarfed us .
And yet , with every release , our download numbers kept going up .
And always significantly – 30 - 50 % more than the previous release , every time .
And then we hit Bugzilla 3.0 , and our download numbers nearly doubled .
And they ’ve kept going up with every release from there .
Nowadays we get over 10 times the number of downloads per release that we did in 2004 .
So how did we pull this off ?
Well , as far as I can tell :
All you have to do to succeed in software is to consistently suck less with every release .
Nobody would say that Bugzilla 2.18 was awesome , but everybody would say that it sucked less than Bugzilla 2.16 did .
Bugzilla 2.20 was n’t perfect , but without a doubt , it sucked less than Bugzilla 2.18 .
And then Bugzilla 3.0 fixed a whole lot of sucking in Bugzilla , and it got a whole lot more downloads .
Why is it that this worked ?
Well , when people are deciding at first what software to use , they have varying criteria .
Sometimes they just use what ’s presented to them by default on the computer .
Sometimes they have a whole list of requirements and they do lots of research and pick the software that has all the features they need .
But once they ’ve picked a program , they will stick with it unless there is some compelling reason to leave .
It ’s not like people constantly are looking for new software to replace yours –they only start looking when your software just wo n’t stop sucking .
As long as you consistently suck less with every release , you will retain most of your users .
You ’re fixing the things that bother them , so there ’s no reason for them to switch away .
Even if you did n’t fix everything in this release , if you sucked less , your users will have faith that eventually , the things that bother them will be fixed .
New users will find your software , and they ’ll stick with it too .
And in this way , your user count will increase steadily over time .
You have to get out releases frequently enough that people believe that you really will suck less , of course .
If your new release never comes out , then effectively , your current release never stops sucking .
But what happens if you do release frequently , but instead of fixing the things in your software that suck , you just add new features that do n’t fix the sucking ?
Well , eventually the patience of the individual user is going to run out .
They ’re not going to wait forever for your software to stop sucking .
I remember a particular piece of software that I used every day for years .
It had a lot of great features and a nice user interface , but it it would crash two or three times a week .
I really liked the software in general , but man , the crashing sucked .
I reported a bug about it , and the bug was ignored .
I kept using it through 10 new releases , and it still crashed .
The upgrades brought lots of new features , but I did n’t care about them .
Remember , the feature set only mattered to me when I first picked the software .
Now I just needed it to suck less .
But it never did .
So eventually , I went and looked for another piece of software that did the same thing , switched over , and I was happy with that one for a while .
But guess what ?
It had a bug that really sucked .
It did n’t happen very often , but when it did , boy was it a problem .
But it sucked less than my old software , so I kept using it .
Until one day , my patience ran out ( after maybe 7 upgrades of the software ) , and I switched again .
Now I ’m using a program that has half the feature set of either of the previous two programs .
But , as a user , I ’m the happiest I ’ve ever been with this type of software .
Because you know what ?
My new program sucks hardly at all .
I mean , there are little things about it that suck , but supposedly a new release is coming out soon that will fix some of that sucking , and so I ’m okay with it for now .
Would I have guessed this secret of success before I started working on Bugzilla ?
No .
I would have told you the traditional wisdom –that a product succeeds or fails based on its feature set and user interface .
But after 5 years on this project , managing our releases and watching our download count , I can tell you from my factual experience this strange thing : all you have to do to succeed as a software project is to suck less with every release .
It does n’t matter how much competition you have , or how many buzzword - friendly features you can cram into your interface .
Just suck less , and you ’ll succeed .
- Max
Sukkot : October 2 - 9 , 2020
The seven days of Sukkot — celebrated by dwelling in the sukkah , taking the Four Kinds , and rejoicing — are followed by Simchat Torah .
Sukkot — when we expose ourselves to the elements in greenery - covered huts — commemorates G‑d sheltering our ancestors as they traveled from Egypt to the Promised Land .
The Four Kinds express our unity and our belief in G‑d ’s omnipresence .
Coming after the solemn High Holidays , it is a time of joy and happiness
The first two days ( or one day in Israel ) are yom tov , when work is forbidden , candles are lit in the evening , and festive meals are preceded with Kiddush and contain challah dipped in honey .
The remainder of the days are quasi holidays , known as chol hamoed .
We dwell in the sukkah and take the Four Kinds every day ( except for Shabbat , when we do not take the Four Kinds ) .
read more about Sukkot
Former Elmhurst College All - American wrestler Ricardo Lamas enters the WEC cage once again .
Lamas grabbed the mma world ’s attention after beating Bart Palaszewski earlier this year at WEC 39 on national TV .
“ The Bully ” will compete on the televised card again , this time against Danny Castillo at WEC 42 : Torres vs Bowles .
Check out this video featuring Lamas training with Team Top Notch and Overtime Wrestling as he gets ready for his fight with Castillo .
I know the exact moment when a most unexpected feeling overcame me – the desire that Australia should not lose against England in a vital Test match .
It was when the captain of the Australian cricket team , Ricky Ponting , came out to bat in the second innings of the Edgbaston Test on Sunday afternoon – and was booed by a large contingent of the Birmingham crowd .
Here was one of the greatest batsmen of this or any era coming to the crease , a time when applause , if not respectful silence , would be expected of the home spectators – and instead we got a cacophony of churlishness from people who had not the faintest conception of how privileged they were to be present .
It would have been completely unimaginable for even the most tunnel - visioned jingoists among an English crowd to have given such a welcome to Don Bradman , when the greatest of all Australian cricketers came to the crease during his final tour of England , in 1948 .
" Another time , another time " – as that most devoted cricketer , the late Harold Pinter , put it .
I do n't know if the boos for Ponting emanated from the ranks of the so - called " Barmy Army " – the self - appointed " Official England Cricket Team Supporters ' Club " ; but I would n't be entirely surprised .
Ponting had made his entrance – almost certainly his last in Birmingham as captain of the Australian XI – late in the afternoon .
This is when the " official supporters " have absorbed a truly stupendous amount of beer and , therefore , when they are at their most boorish , repeating deafeningly , over and over again , the chant : " Barmy Army ! Barmy Army ! "
The full anthem – which they can manage when sober – goes like this : " Everywhere we go / Everywhere we go .
The people want to know / The people want to know .
Who we are / Who we are .
Where we come from / Where we come from .
We are the Army / We are the Army .
The Barmy , Barmy Army / The Barmy , Barmy Army .
We are the England / We are the England .
The Mighty , Mighty England / The Mighty , Mighty England ! "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Do you notice something about this " official supporters ' song " ?
It 's all about them , not the England cricket team .
They argue that when they travel to support the team overseas , our national side gains great succour from their chants , in what otherwise might be a hostile atmosphere .
That might be true of some of the England team , though one former international , when I wrote an article critical of the Barmy Army , emailed me to say that he had found them nothing but a tedious nuisance when he was on tour .
It is true they started in 1995 when the England cricket team was doing particularly badly on a tour of Australia , and the word " Barmy " somehow encapsulated the idea that only eccentrics would travel thousands of miles to cheer on such a no - hope side .
There was something almost admirable in this , including a very English sense of self - satire .
In ascendancy , however – and in Birmingham , rather than Brisbane – this has evolved into boorish chauvinism , and nothing whatever to do with cricket .
What puts their conduct into even less flattering perspective is the differing appearance of the visiting groups of Australian supporters at English Test grounds .
There are proportionately many more women among them ; they manage to sit down throughout the time the ball is in play , thus not interfering with the pleasure of those behind them ; and they are polite to the English who surround them .
In short , they are a credit to their country .
In contrast , read this letter sent to the Times a couple of years back after it published a piece eulogising the Barmy Army : " Sir : your readers should not be misled by [ your ] rose - tinted view of the Barmy Army .
We had the pleasure of their company at Brisbane , where my wife and daughter were abused and threatened when they asked those in front of us to sit down .
A constant stream of bad language often included racism and homophobia .
Later we witnessed another group intimidating some young Australian fans . "
Fortunately , Cricket Australia , the game 's governing body in the Antipodes , have made recent attempts to boot such people out of their grounds in an effort , as they put it , to target " a small minority of idiots who have been ruining people 's day out at the cricket for some time " .
When they also ejected the Barmy Army 's trumpeter – who is indeed a talented musician – the Army 's spokesman and co-founder , Paul " Leafy " Burnham , complained that " everything is being geared to try and make sure there is no fun in the game " .
Mr Burnham clearly believes that the absence of a trumpet takes the " fun " out of watching cricket , rather like an opera - goer declaring that being barred from taking a cricket ball to Covent Garden takes the fun out of Wagner 's Ring Cycle .
The Barmy Army 's mission statement – every organisation has one , it seems – is : " To make watching cricket more fun and more popular " .
What it seems not to understand is the " fun " in watching cricket , is ... watching cricket .
For the great majority of real cricket - lovers , there is no fun in being within several counties of the Barmy Army and I know of a number of people who no longer attend Test matches because of their incessant din .
You might think this is all rather snooty – although Mr Burnham , as it happens , is an ex-public schoolboy – but the point is that cricket , unlike football , requires a certain amount of hush in order for the game to be witnessed at its best .
When the Barmy Army is in full lager - lubricated flow , it is impossible to hear whether or not a batsman has got an edge to the ball before it flies through to the wicketkeeper , and it is even difficult to hear the defining sound – between a thunk and a crack – of willow striking leather when the batsman drives the ball to the boundary .
If only the broadcasters did n't pander to the exhibitionism of the Barmy Army by constantly showing pictures of them cheering – and then waving idiotically at themselves – as the pictures are simultaneously beamed around the ground .
Then , perhaps , they might begin to realise that they are not interesting to anyone but themselves .
Unfortunately , however , some television directors seem to think that the crowd is as worth watching as the cricketers .
This has had the inevitable consequence of people going to cricket matches in bizarre costumes solely in order to attract the camera 's gaze upon themselves .
Look Mum , that 's me !
In the Pink Panther oufit !
Next to me mate dressed as Batman !
At the risk of coming over all sociological , it is tempting to see all this as part of the peculiar modern obsession with fame for its own sake , devoid of achievement – to be seen on telly being the ultimate self - validation .
Not surprisingly , broadcasters are happy to collude with this , along with the cricket ground owners , who must believe it will bring them more revenue .
Worst of all , the England and Wales Cricket Board have fallen in with this travesty of the spirit of cricket , having adopted the Barmy Army 's habit of singing – or rather yelling – " Jerusalem " at the beginning of each day 's play of a Test match .
So at what used to be a period of expectant susurration , mingled with nervous anticipatory applause , we instead get Blake 's much - abused words belted out deafeningly over Tannoys , led by some fat bloke with a microphone standing where only cricketers should tread .
England 's green and pleasant land ?
They 've got to be joking .
Why is finding the highest - scoring Boggle board so difficult ?
It ’s because there are so many boards to consider : 2^72 for the 4×4 case and 2^40 for the 3×3 case .
At 10,000 boards / second the former corresponds to about 2 billion years of compute time , and the latter just two years .
Just enumerating all 2^72 boards would take over 100,000 years .
So we have to come up with a technique that does n’t involve looking at every single board .
And I ’ve come up with just such a method !
This is the “ exciting news ” I alluded to in the last post .
Here ’s the general technique :
Find a very high - scoring board ( maybe this way ) Consider a large class of boards Come up with an upper bound on the highest score achieved by any board in the class .
If it ’s lower than the score in step # 1 , we can eliminate all the boards in the class .
If it ’s not , subdivide the class and repeat step # 2 with each subclass .
Classes of Boards
By “ class of boards ” , I mean something like this :
{a , e , i, o, u} {a , e , i, o, u} r {b , c , d , f , g , h} a t d e {r , s , t, v}
The squares that contain a set of letters can take on any of those letters .
So this board is part of that class :
a i r d a t d e s 189 points
and so is this :
o u r f a t d e t 114 points
All told , there are 5 * 5 * 6 * 4 = 600 boards that are part of this class , each with its own score .
Other fun classes of boards include “ boards with only vowels ” ( 1,953,125 members ) and “ boards with only consonants ” ( 794,280,046,581 members ) .
Follow me past the fold for more …
Upper Bounds
Now on to step # 3 of the general technique : calculating an upper bound .
This is going to be easier if we introduce some mathematical notation :
b = A boggle board Score ( b ) = sum of the scores of all the words contained on b B = a class of boards , i.e. Score ( B ) =
An upper bound is a function such that , i.e. .
There ’s one really easy upper bound : !
This just enumerates all the boards in the class B , scores each and takes the maximum score .
It ’s very expensive to compute for a large class of boards and hence not very practical .
You and I both know that no board in containing only consonants has any points on it .
We do n’t need to enumerate through all 794 billion such boards to determine this .
With upper bounds , there ’s a trade - off between how hard they are to compute and how “ tight ” they are , i.e. how closely they approximate .
is very tight but is hard to compute .
At the other end of the spectrum , we know that all the words on a board are in the dictionary .
So we could just sum up the scores of all the words in the dictionary and get a number , say 1,000,000 .
Then is an upper bound .
It is very easy to compute , but is not very tight .
The trick is to hit some sort of sweet spot that strikes a good balance between “ tightness ” and ease of computation .
Over the rest of this blog post , I ’ll present two upper bounds that do this .
Upper bounds have the nice property that if and are two upper bounds , then is also an upper bound .
So by finding two bounds , we ’ll get a third that ’s better than either one alone .
sum / union
The idea of this bound is to find all the words that can possibly occur in a class of boards .
Since each word can only be found once , we can add the scores of all these words to get an upper bound .
To get the list of words , we use the same depth - first search strategy as we did to find words on a single board .
The wrinkle is that , when we encounter a cell with multiple possible letters , we have to do a separate depth - first search for each .
At first glance , it does n’t seem like this would be tractable for a board class like this one ( alternating vowels and consonants ) :
{a , e , i , o, u} {b - d , f-h , j -n , p- t , v-z} {a , e , i , o, u} {b - d , f- h , j -n , p - t , v- z} {a , e , i , o, u} {b - d , f- h , j -n , p - t , v- z} {a , e , i , o, u} {b - d , f-h , j-n , p-t , v-z} {a , e , i, o, u}
In addition to the branching from going different directions on each square , there ’s also a huge amount of branching from trying each letter on each square .
But we ’re saved by the same lesson we learned in boggle post # 3 : the dictionary is exceptionally effective at pruning thorny search trees .
If we prune search trees like ‘ bqu ’ that do n’t begin words , then there does n’t wind up being that much work to do .
We can find all possible words on the above board in just under 1 second .
This is about 10,000 times slower than it takes to score a conventional board , but it ’s certainly tractable .
The resulting score is 195,944 .
Given that no board scores higher than 545 points , this is a wild overestimate .
But at least it ’s a better bound than a million !
This technique does especially well on boards like this one , which contains all consonants :
{ b -d , f-h , j-n , p-t , v-z} {b - d , f-h , j -n , p-t , v-z} {b - d , f-h , j-n , p-t , v-z} {b-d , f-h , j-n , p-t , v-z} {b-d , f-h , j-n , p-t , v-z} {b-d , f-h , j-n , p-t , v-z} {b-d , f-h , j-n , p-t , v-z} {b-d , f-h , j-n , p-t , v-z} {b-d , f-h , j-n , p-t, v-z}
This takes 0.23 seconds to score and results in a bound of 208 points ( it contains words like ‘ crypt ’ and ‘ gypsy ’ ) .
We ’ve already found a single board that has 545 points on it .
So we can eliminate this entire class of 794 billion boards .
That ’s a speed of over 3 trillion boards / second !
Of course , this board class is not typical .
It ’s also worth pointing out why this upper bound is n’t tight .
Consider this class of boards :
{a , i} r z f z z z z z
You can find both “ fir ” and “ far ” on boards in this class , but there are n’t any boards that contain both .
So while each “ fir and “ far ” contribute a point to the upper bound , they should only really contribute a single point .
The sum / union bound does n’t take into account the relationships between various letter choices .
It ’s the best trade - off between computability and “ tightness ” we ’ve seen so far , but it ’s not good enough to make the problem tractable .
max / no mark
In the sum / union upper bound , we dealt with multiple possible letters on the same square by trying each and adding the resulting scores ( taking care not to count any word twice ) .
But why take the sum of all choices when we know that any given board can only take on one of the possibilities ?
It would result in a much better bound if we took the max of the scores resulting from each possible choice , rather than the sum .
This is the idea behind the “ max / no mark ” bound .
This is a huge win over sum/union , especially when there are many squares containing many possible letters .
It does have one major drawback , though .
The sum / union bound took advantage of the fact that each word could only be found once .
With the max / no mark bound , the bookkeeping for this becomes completely intractable .
The words we find by making a choice on one square may affect the results of a choice somewhere else .
We ca n’t make the choices independently .
The optimal set of choices becomes an optimization problem in its own right .
Rather than deal with this , max / no mark just throws up its hands .
This is what the “ no mark ” refers to .
In the past , we ’ve recorded the words we find by marking the Trie .
By not marking the Trie with found words , we accept that we ’ll double - count words sometimes .
But it still winds up being an excellent upper bound .
Lets try some of our previous examples :
{a , e , i, o, u} {a , e , i, o, u} r {b , c , d , f , g , h} a t d e {r , s , t , v} sum / union : 2880 max / no mark : 1307
Alternating vowels and consonants :
{a , e , i , o, u} {b - d , f-h , j -n , p- t , v-z} {a , e , i , o, u} {b - d , f- h , j -n , p - t , v- z} {a , e , i , o, u} {b - d , f- h , j -n , p - t , v- z} {a , e , i , o, u} {b - d , f- h , j-n , p - t , v- z} {a , e , i, o, u} sum/union : 195944 max / no mark : 15692
A class that can be entirely eliminated :
{b , d , f , g , j , k , m , p , v, w , x , z} a {s , y} {i , o, u} y a {s , y} {c , h , l , n , r , t} {c , h , l , n , r , t} sum/ union : 2497 max / no mark : 447
max / no mark is n’t always better than sum /union :
{b , d} a {b , d} a {b , d} a {b , d} a {b , d} sum / union : 9 max / no mark : 132
This is something of a worst - case because , while there are relatively few distinct words , there are many different ways to find them .
Putting it all together
Our two bounds do well in different situations .
max / no mark works best when there are lots of choices to be made on particular cells and there are relatively few ways to make any particular word .
sum /union works best when there are lots of possibilities but relatively few distinct words .
Putting them together results in a bound that ’s good enough to find the best 3×3 boggle board using the technique described at the beginning of this post .
Given an initial class of boards , we wind up with what I call a “ breaking tree ” .
If the initial class has an upper bound less than 545 points , then we ’re done .
Otherwise , we pick a cell to split and try each possibility .
Here ’s a relatively small breaking tree that results from running this program :
$ ./3x3/ibucket_breaker -- best_score 520 -- break_class " bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy iou xyz aeiou sy chlnrt chlnrt " ( 0 % ) ( 0; 1/1 ) bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy iou xyz aeiou sy chlnrt chlnrt ( 820 , 77760 reps ) split cell 4 ( xyz ) Will evaluate 3 more boards ... ( 0 % ) ( 1;1/3 ) bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy iou x aeiou sy chlnrt chlnrt ( 475 , 25920 reps ) ( 33.333 % ) ( 1;2/3 ) bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy iou y aeiou sy chlnrt chlnrt ( 703 , 25920 reps ) split cell 5 ( aeiou ) Will evaluate 5 more boards ... ( 33.333 % ) ( 2;1/5 ) bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy iou y a sy chlnrt chlnrt ( 447 , 5184 reps ) ( 40 % ) ( 2;2/5 ) bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy iou y e sy chlnrt chlnrt ( 524 , 5184 reps ) split cell ( iou ) 3
Will evaluate 3 more boards ... ( 40 % ) ( 3;1/3 ) bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy i y e sy chlnrt chlnrt ( 346 , 1728 reps ) ( 42.222 % ) ( 3;2/3 ) bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy o y e sy chlnrt chlnrt ( 431 , 1728 reps ) ( 44.444 % ) ( 3;3/3 ) bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy u y e sy chlnrt chlnrt ( 339 , 1728 reps ) ( 46.667 % ) ( 2;3/5 ) bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy iou y i sy chlnrt chlnrt ( 378 , 5184 reps ) ( 53.333 % ) ( 2;4/5 ) bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy iou y o sy chlnrt chlnrt ( 423 , 5184 reps ) ( 60 % ) ( 2; 5/5 ) bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy iou y u sy chlnrt chlnrt ( 318 , 5184 reps ) ( 66.667 % ) ( 1;3/3 ) bdfgjkmpvwxz a sy iou z aeiou sy chlnrt chlnrt ( 509 , 25920 reps )
The numbers in parentheses are the upper bounds .
When they get below 520 ( the parameter I set on the command line ) , a sub-class is fully broken .
Using this technique and the following partition of the 26 letters :
bdfgjvwxz
aeiou
lnrsy
chkmpt
I was able to go through all 262,144 ( =4^9 ) board classes in about six hours on a single machine .
This resulted in the boards I listed in the last post .
Six hours is a big improvement over two years !
If that same factor ( two years to six hours ) held for the 4×4 case , then we ’d be down to 380 years of compute time to find the best 4×4 boggle board .
Or , equivalently , 138 days on 1000 machines .
That ’s still a lot .
We ’re not quite there yet , but we ’re getting closer !
Code for the program that went through all possible board classes can be found here .
While many people have found high - scoring boards , I have n’t found any previous work on this upper bounding approach .
So if you have any ideas / suggestions on how to improve the bound , they ’re probably novel and useful !
Permalink
According to Paul McCartney , who is obviously not too tied up with this stuff , the Beatles are n’t yet close to showing up on the iTunes Music Store .
That being said , he acknowledged that there were indeed negotiations between Apple Corps / EMI and Apple , Inc .
And they are continuing .
Sort of .
He ’s not too bothered :
" We ’d like to do it , " McCartney was quoted as telling the BBC on its website on Tuesday .
" We are very for it , we ’ve been pushing it .
But there are a couple of sticking points , I understand .
" Last word I got back was it ’s stalled at the moment , " McCartney added .
" But I really hope it will happen because I think it should . "
McCartney said that EMI , which has acted as the distributor for the Beatles since the early 1960s , " want something we ’re not prepared to give ’em .
" It ’s between EMI and The Beatles I think — what else is new ? "
The solo catalogues of all four members of The Beatles are available digitally , and fans are keen for the group , the most successful in pop music history , to follow suit .
" We have been working hard to secure agreement with Apple Corps to make the Beatles ’ legendary recording catalog available to fans in digital form , " said a spokeswoman for EMI .
" Unfortunately , the various parties involved have been unable to reach agreement , but we really hope everyone can make progress soon . "
It would seem that most of the people waiting for the Beatles to go digital would have already used alternative means to put their CDs or LPs on iTunes and that holding out for an official Beatles release is becoming less and less of a priority .
FTC : We use income earning auto affiliate links .
More .
Check out 9to5 Mac on YouTube for more Apple news :
Media Molecule has posted some rather interesting images on its website .
They are simply titled Teaser and come in multiple variations of sizes to put on the background of every electronic product you own .
Does this mean that Media Molecule and Team ICO are working together for an ICO pack for LittleBigPlanet ?
Of course , this could just be an art piece made by one of the designers at Mm .
If that was the case I do not believe it would be titled Teaser .
Hopefully we will hear from the awesome guys at Mm during E3 .
You can expect either confirmation or denial very soon .
As always , check back on PlayStation LifeStyle for our live - blogging of E3 and the latest news on your favorite console .
[ Source / Via ]
Hurricanes sign Tom Kostopoulos to a 3 yr deal worth $ 2.75 million .
An Average of $ 916,000 .
First off I will say the St. Louis Blues are well ahead of schedule .
When you consider many of the so - called experts ( many of whom rarely watch the Blues play ) had picked the Blues to finish dead last in the Western Conference a year ago .
Last season the organization made some really nice strides which finished with a thrilling late season push en route to a sixth seed in the Stanley Cup playoffs .
To get to my point here , the days of using that word “ Rebuild ” should be officially tossed out the window .
Now it ’s time for the organization to take the next step and continue building off of what the club accomplished a season ago .
I 'm far from saying there is n't still work to do and plans for a parade down Market Street should begin .
Heading into this season the goal wo n’t be to sneak into the playoffs but to make some noise once the club reaches the post - season .
This has to be the goal , if you 're not striving to improve off the previos season then what are you striving for ?
I think most people in the Blues organization will agree with me here .
The time has come to approach things slightly different than the last few seasons .
Have the Blues made the necessary roster improvements this off - season to help this team take the next step ?
Time will certainly tell .
I would have liked to see the club add a defenseman ( which they still might do ) to help an area of concern over the last few seasons .
Management has often said the Blues need to improve their ability to push the offense and become a better transition team .
In order to accomplish this they need D - men who can effectively pass and make plays with the puck .
The team is bringing back Carlo Colaiacovo and Erik Johnson will greatly improve this area , but is it enough ?
Speaking of Johnson ....
Fans last week were quickly reminded why he was selected first overall in 2006 ahead of guys like Johnathan Toews and Jordan Staal .
Rink Rats !
I ’m told there is a very good chance Montreal hosts a game this season sometime in November at Olympic Stadium .
Word is the Canadians would host the Washington Capitals .
The NHL is thinking very hard about eliminating the All - Star Game all together and replacing it with the Outdoor game .
Yankee Stadium is all but guaranteed to host the outdoor game in the 2010 - 2011 season .
Is it just me or does Chicago Blackhawks President John McDonough come across the same way Bob Pulford did back when he ran the Hawks into the ground under former Owner Bill Wirtz ?
There is no question Chicago has made an unbelievable turnaround under Rocky Wirtz but I ’m told McDonough ’s hands on approach is really getting under the skin of many people who work with the Hawks .
Hurricanes RFA
Anton Babchuk can certainly provide some offense with his booming shot , but after doing some research I found it very interesting that he was a healthy scratch in 5 of Carolina ’s 18 playoff games .
In those 13 games Babchuk registered one assist with a - 5 plus / minus rating .
Look for Janne Pessanen to take his game over to either Russia or Sweden if he does n’t receive a one way NHL offer .
He starred in the AHL last season with the Penguins organization .
Goaltender Curtis Sanford has received several two - way offers as well but remains hopeful a one way deal comes his way .
Goaltender Manny Legace remains hopeful he will land an NHL job although his chances do n’t look too great as we sit today .
Chances are if Legace plays in the NHL this season he will have to accept far less money than he has earned over the last few years .
Sergei Zubov is mulling over several offers and appears to be in no hurry to make a decision .
The Phoenix Coyotes may only be broadcasting half of their games on television this coming season .
Blues Clues !
Do fans still think Phillip McRae was a charity pick for the Blues because his father serves on the Blues scouting staff ?
Not only does he have a rocket of a shot , the kid is extremely smart .
His ability to find the quiet areas on the ice along with is ability to put the puck in quiet areas is extremely encouraging .
Ian Cole is expected to make a decision on his future over the next few days .
Cole had a sit down meeting with GM Larry Pleau and Al MacInnis last Thursday .
Cole and McInnis have developed a very close relationship over the last few years .
To me , MacInnis ’s ability to mentor young prospects is just as important as any other role he currently serves in the front office .
His career as a player gives him a level of credibility unmatched by any other member of the Blues organization .
Throughout the summer MacInnis has been on the ice about three times a week working with several of the Blues top prospects .
Alex Pietrangelo is taking advantage of his ability to train this summer , something he was unable to do a year ago because of his bout with Mono .
Piertangelo has one more year of World Junior eligibility remaining and will attend Canada ’s WJ camp later this summer .
Goaltender Jake Allen will also attend the same camp as he has a strong chance to make the Canadian roster .
McRae along with former 4th rounder David Warsofsky will attend the USA camp in Lake Placid , New York this August .
Warsofsky is staying at Boston University even though he has been rumored to leave BU for the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League .
The 2010 and 2011 NCAA Ice Breaker Tournament will be held at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis .
Michigan , Boston College , and Air Force have already committed to come in 2011 .
Tournament directors are hopeful Wisconsin , Notre Dame , and New Hampshire accept invitations to come in 2010 .
There will be four teams playing each year .
A youth hockey tournament consisting of 200 teams will take place throughout St. Louis at the same time as the Ice Breaker .
Erik Johnson bench pressed close to 270 pounds last week during the Blues prospects camp .
Even though EJ is not considered a prospect he did win the Strong Man Competition .
In no particular order Brett Sonne , Aaron Palushaj , Alex Pietrangelo , Ian Cole , and Trevor Nill tested out the best in a variety of strength tests the Blues put each camper through .
Anybody else see Cole physically eliminate T.J. Oshie in a battle in the corner ?
Nill may never play in the NHL , but he showed tremendous improvement from where he was a year ago at this time .
Andy Muray conducted one - on one meetings with each individual player during the prospect camp .
The Blues approached Greg Millen and Ray Ferraro prior to approaching Darren Pang about joining the Blues broadcast team .
Blues 2nd round pick Brett Ponich impressed during the camp with his ability to show such strong mobility for such a big guy .
I especially liked his intimidating demeanor he displayed once the referees stepped on the ice for the scrimmage .
Same goes with James Livingston who displayed his ability to show some edge along with some offense .
Aaron Plaushaj caught a flu bug which kept him out of prospects camp the last few days .
He still had time to display his high skill level .
Erik Johnson was n’t planning on playing in the game on Saturday anyway but also caught the flu .
D-man Ryan Turek may be limited in terms of what he can do , but I for one appreciated the effort he gave last Saturday .
Speaking of compete level , you got to acknowledge Mark Cundari who won a Memorial Cup with Windsor last season .
He approached the Blues about coming to St. Louis a month early this summer to workout .
Kris Berglund is a kid who if anything proved he ’s a quality prospect .
He has one year remaining on his contract in the Swedish Elite League .
The kid is a heady player whose quick feet will give him an opportunity .
Speaking of the SEL , how much quicker has Lars Eller gotten ?
This kid maybe was the most impressive player in camp not named Erik Johnson or T. J. Oshie .
I want to give the Blues props for putting on a great camp for the fans .
The players really enjoyed it as well
That ’s enough for now , off to the MLB All - Star game .
More to come , Andy Strickland
This graph from rsf.org shows the extent of internet censorship in the world
Going online in countries where internet censorship is common is rather like visiting a parallel universe run by the world 's strictest , most bigoted parents .
Entire sites disappear without warning .
YouTube is frequently blocked for hosting content that some regimes do n't want their citizens to see , and online translation services , blogging platforms and even VoIP utilities like Skype often fall foul of censors .
Local sites are also very selective about what they publish or link to .
Bloggers rot in jails for daring to criticise politicians or religious leaders , while millions of people are denied internet access altogether , limited to an incredibly narrow selection of officially approved pages or subjected to constant and chilling levels of surveillance .
Restrictions on freedom in some parts of the world put the UK 's situation into context .
When we worry about plans to monitor our online activities or make certain kinds of content illegal , we 're complaining of a headache to someone who 's just been decapitated .
In these countries , keyword filtering and ISP blacklists prevent you from accessing any sites that the government does n't think you should see .
Depending on where you are , the list can be a very long one ; among sites blacklisted are those dealing with women 's rights and general human rights , different political or religious points of view , Western pop music , foreign news sources , gambling , mentions of alcohol or drug use , stories that portray the ruling regime as less than perfect and even information sites such as Wikipedia .
China is one of the world 's most infamous internet censors .
In addition to the Great Firewall of China – a large network of filters that blocks content and scans messages for ' subversive ' keywords – Chinese internet users have become familiar with JingJing and Chacha , two cartoon police officers who pop up on their screens to remind them of the rules .
INTERNET POLICE : Meet JingJing and Chacha , the friendly faces of Chinese state censorship who pop up regularly to remind people of the rules
Sites that raise sensitive subjects are either blocked , criticised in official media , fined , ordered to dismiss webmasters or shut down .
China is far from the only country that censors content .
Tunisia blocks sites known to be critical of its government .
Saudi Arabia filters content to the extent that some 400,000 sites are blocked due to ' immoral ' content ; campaigning organisation Reporters Sans Frontieres ( www.rsf.org) notes that the censorship is so strict that it 's effectively impossible to search for basic health information , such as advice on breast cancer .
Iranian website owners have to register with the government before publishing online , while ' immoral ' sites such as Flickr and YouTube are banned , and ISPs must ensure that prohibited content is not available via their servers .
Access denied
Governments do n't just limit what people can see online – they also limit how they get on to the internet in the first place .
Iran banned high - speed connections in 2006 , partly to protect its creaky network infrastructure , but also to prevent Western cultural products – music , movies and so on – from becoming easily accessible .
In Cuba , citizens have to use government - controlled access points that monitor the keywords they search for and the sites that they visit .
In Vietnam , reports claim that ' cyberpolice ' monitor people 's activities in internet cafes .
In 2007 , the Burmese government responded to antigovernment protests by shutting down internet access for the entire country .
And in South Korea , citizens have to provide their official ID numbers in order to gain access to many websites .
Sometimes the gates to the web are closed by accident .
In 2006 , Zimbabwe 's internet connectivity suffered a major setback when the state telecoms company did n't bother paying its bills .
Satellite communications firm Intelsat promptly cut off 90 per cent of the country 's internet access .
It 's doubtful that Robert Mugabe 's government was greatly worried by this ; even where people can get connections , ISPs must help the government to locate the authors of any messages considered ' harmful ' and ' take the necessary measures ' to prevent illegal material from being published .
Even when countries do n't use blanket censorship or beat up bloggers , the climate can be chilling .
In Belarus , legislation passed in 2007 forces the owners of cybercafes and computer clubs to report anybody visiting ' sensitive ' websites to the police , while sites critical of the government have an unfortunate tendency to succumb to distributed denial of service ( DDoS ) attacks .
Tunisian cybercafe owners are responsible for the activities of their users , which means users are often asked for ID before logging on and then warned away from ' subversive ' sites .
The penalties for breaking the rules can be severe .
In Egypt , Hala Al - Masry 's Cops Without Boundaries blog attracted the attention of the authorities .
She was harassed by government officials , her father was mysteriously beaten up , and she and her husband were arrested and forced to shut down the blog .
In Burma , Maung Thura is serving a 59 - year jail sentence for publishing footage of the aftermath of the devastating 2008 cyclone .
In Iran , Omidreza Mirsayafi was jailed for insulting the country 's religious leaders ; he died in prison in mysterious circumstances .
In Syria , Waed al - Mhana faces jail for criticising the government 's decision to demolish a historical market , and China has jailed 48 bloggers for ' inciting subversion ' .
Production In Mexico's Biggest Oil Field Tanking
The tanking production of Mexico 's formerly largest oil field is happening so fast it is breathtaking .
Output at state - owned oil monopoly Petroleos Mexicanos 's offshore field Cantarell , once the world 's second - largest oil field , has plunged to 500,000 barrels a day from its peak of 2.1 million in 2005 .
" I do n't recall seeing anything in the industry as dramatic as Cantarell , " says Mark Thurber , assistant director for research at the Program on Energy and Sustainable Development at Stanford University .
If this happens to Saudi Arabia 's Ghawar oil field then we 'll enter an economic depression .
As more countries hit their production peaks we become more dependent on the dwindling list remaining producers that are not yet in decline .
I expect a series of oil price shocks as a result .
Mexico was America 's 2nd biggest supplier in 2007 and will likely cease to supply us any oil within 5 years .
In 2007 , Mexico was our second - biggest oil supplier , after Canada .
Last year , with a 15 % drop in daily barrels supplied , the country dropped to third place behind Saudi Arabia .
Both Saudi Arabia and Mexico are too secretive about the state of their oil fields to allow outside experts to estimate future production trends .
Mexico is easier to call though since experts see deep offshore drilling as needed to slow Mexico 's oil production decline .
Since Mexico's government is spending Pemex revenue on government funding Pemex does not have enough money ( or expertise ) to do the needed deep offshore exploration and development .
So we can count on continued Mexican oil production decline .
Mexico's Chicontepec field has been a disappointment .
This decline in Mexican production is going to bring an end to Mexico 's role as an oil exporter and therefore reduce funding for their government and depress the Mexican economy .
Mexico might even become a net exporter in 5 years time .
The United States needs to build a formidable physical border barrier to insulate ourselves from the economic troubles building up south of the border .
Resolver One A Spreadsheet Powered by Python $ 99
Download Trial for PC Platforms : Windows Server 2003 , XP , Vista ( x32 , x64 ) , 7 ( x32 , x64 )
You may not even realize it , but your typical spreadsheet application is actually a very small fishbowl .
Sure , you 're sitting there in your little plastic castle , happily inputting your data into rows and columns , but if you ever wanted to really break out of the box and perform hardcore data manipulation and calculation , you 're going to bump into a wall faster than you might think .
Resolver
One is a brilliant application that combines the power of the Python programming language with the ease and simplicity of a spreadsheet .
You start using Resolver One as you would any other spreadsheet application , quickly realizing that , as you implement your formulae within each cell , Resolver One is dynamically generating Python code that gives you the results you need .
You can study the Python code and tweak it to make it do what you need it to do - something that plain vanilla spreadsheets simply can't do .
Even better , you can work with the Python code that Resolver One produces , or you can import your own external Python components .
The more you work with Resolver One , the more you 'll learn about Python .
Before you know it , you 'll be using Resolver
One to not only manipulate your traditional spreadsheet values of numbers , text , and dates , but also .NET types , decimals , and complex numbers .
Consult third party Python and .NET component libraries , and plug them directly into your formulae to perform cunning feats of calculation that put Excel spreadsheets to shame .
Craft worksheets that behave like databases .
Conjure reusable spreadsheets that can be run on demand .
You can even call into your spreadsheets from standalone executable Python programs !
Take your first step into a larger world .
Import your existing Microsoft Excel spreadsheets into Resolver One , and start unleashing the true power of Python !
Please note : Today 's promotion also includes the option to buy The Resolver One Web Server !
The Resolver One Web Server allows you to turn your spreadsheets into web applications with just a few clicks .
It 's easy to install , and does n't interfere with other server software running on your system .
You can run it on your own machine , or install it on any Windows - based server .
Using it is simple : just specify which of the cells in your spreadsheet should be editable online , then use the built - in web server to publish the saved spreadsheet !
Other people can use their web browsers to view their own copies of the sheet without needing to run it on their own machines .
Want to update the sheet ?
Just change it in one place and everyone gets the latest version the next time they hit the " Refresh " button .
Also , you do n't have to worry about users accidentally overwriting data - interactions happen in a sandboxed environment .
Users can only change web - editable cells , and they can't change the original document in any way .
Resolver One ( $ 99 ) Resolver One Web Server Edition ( $ 199 ) This promotion includes the following :
Review Written by Derek Lee
Features The Fine Print Testimonials
Import your existing Excel spreadsheets .
your existing Excel spreadsheets .
Dynamically generate Python code to perform complex calculations and data manipulations .
to perform complex calculations and data manipulations .
Tweak Python code to match your own needs .
. Import third party Python and .NET components directly into your formulae .
directly into your formulae .
Create worksheets that act like databases .
. Craft reusable spreadsheets .
.
Use your spreadsheets from standalone Python programs .
.
You can download and install a free trial of this software before purchasing
Download available for : Windows Server 2003 , XP , Vista ( x32 , x64 ) , 7 ( x32 , x64 )
Buy with BitsDuJour 's promotional coupon code and get all this at a discounted price !
After you purchase Resolver
One it may be used indefinitely .
it may be used indefinitely .
Resolver
One is licensed per user , so if more people are going to use Resolver One you will need to purchase additional copies .
is , so if more people are going to use you will need to purchase additional copies .
Transfer of a license to another owned computer is allowed .
Online license activation is required without a hardware footprint .
what 's this ?
Upgrades to future versions of the software will be free up to the next major version .
For versions after that , upgrades will require additional payment , which will not be discounted .
Support is provided up to when the next major version is released .
30 days return policy .
Prices do not necessarily include taxes , which will vary by country .
The Problem of Predation
This utopian - sounding vision is n't the upshot of some exotic new ethical theory .
The abolitionist project follows quite straightforwardly from the application of a classical utilitarian ethic and advanced biotechnology .
More controversially , the abolitionist project is the scientific expression of what Gautama Buddha aspired to some 2500 years ago : " May all that have life be delivered from suffering " .
Provisionally , let 's assume that other things being equal , a cruelty - free world is ethically desirable , i.e. ideally , no sentient being would ever undergo involuntary physical or emotional pain .
As our technology matures , some hard choices are ethically unavoidable if these noble sentiments are ever to be turned into practice .
First , a cruelty - free world entails a transition to global veganism .
Realistically , global veganism wo n't come about purely or even mainly via moral persuasion alone within any plausible timeframe .
Such a momentous transition can come about only after the advent of mass - produced artificial meat ( " Krea " ) that is at least as cheap , tasty and healthy as flesh from slaughtered factory - farmed animals - with moral argument playing a modest supporting role .
For sure , there is still the " yuk factor " to overcome .
But when delicious , cruelty - free cultured - meat products become commercially available , the " yuk factor " should actually work in favour of cultured meat - since meat from factory - farmed animals is not merely morally disgusting but often physically disgusting too .
However , this transition is n't enough .
Even the hypothetical world - wide adoption of a cruelty - free diet leaves one immense source of suffering untouched .
Here we shall explore one of the thorniest issues in abolitionist bioethics : the future of what biologists call obligate predators .
For the abolitionist project seems inconsistent with one of our basic contemporary values .
The need for species conservation is so axiomatic that an explicitly normative scientific sub - discipline , conservation biology , exists to promote it .
In the modern era , the extinction of a species is usually accounted a tragedy , especially if that species is a prominent vertebrate rather than an obscure beetle .
Yet if we seriously want a world without suffering , how many existing Darwinian life - forms can be conserved in their current guise ?
What should be the ultimate fate of iconic species like the large carnivores ?
True , only a minority of the Earth 's species are carnivorous predators : the fundamental laws of thermodynamics entail that whenever there is an " exchange of energy " between one trophic level and another , there is a significant loss .
The majority of the planet 's 50,000 or so vertebrate species are vegetarian .
But among the minority of carnivorous species are some of the best known creatures on the planet .
Should these serial killers be permitted to prey on other sentient beings indefinitely ?
A few forms of extinction are almost universally applauded even now .
Thus the demise of the smallpox virus in the wild is wholly unlamented , though controversy persists over whether the last two pathogenic Variola copies in human custody should be destroyed .
The virus could be recreated from scratch if needed .
Technically , viruses are n't alive ; they can't independently replicate .
Yet the same welcome will be extended to the extinction of scores of bacterial pathogens that cause human disease if we can plot their eradication as efficiently as the two Variola variants that cause smallpox .
Likewise , exterminating the five kinds of protozoan parasites of the genus Plasmodium that cause malaria would be almost entirely uncontentious ; a human child dies from malaria on average every twelve seconds .
Protozoans have zero consciousness or minimal consciousness , depending on one 's ultimate theory of mind .
Either way , it makes no sense or minimal sense to speak literally of the " interests " of a plasmodium .
Only figuratively do plasmodia have interests .
Plasmodia matter significantly only insofar as their existence affects the welfare of sentient beings .
Our reverence for the diversity of life has its limits .
More complicated than plasmodia are parasitic worms , locusts or cockroaches , which almost certainly do have at least limited consciousness .
Yet that consciousness is still comparatively dim compared to vertebrates .
Cockroaches have decentralised nervous systems .
In consequence , they presumably lack a unitary experiential field .
This is not to say that cockroaches should ever be wantonly hurt .
Perhaps their constituent nerve ganglia in individual segments experience sharp micro-pains ; cockroaches retain rudimentary learning skills and live for up to a week without a head .
Yet if the world 's 4000 species of cockroach were no longer extant outside a handful of vivaria , then their absence in the wild would be accounted no great loss on any plausible version of the felicific calculus .
Nor would extinction of the swarming grasshoppers we know as plagues of locusts .
A swarm of 50 billion locusts can in theory eat 100,000 tonnes of foodstuffs per day .
Around 20 % of food grown for human consumption is eaten by herbivorous insects .
A truly utopian future world would lack even minuscule insect pangs of hunger , and its computational resources could micro-manage the well - being of the humblest arthropods - including the Earth 's estimated 10 quintillion ( 1018 ) insects .
In the meantime , we must prioritise .
On a neoBuddhist or utilitarian ethic , the criterion of value and moral status is degree of sentience .
In a Darwinian world , the welfare of some beings depends on their doing harm to others .
So initially , ugly compromises are inevitable as we bootstrap our way out of primordial Darwinian life .
Research must focus on how the ugliness of the transitional era can be minimised .
More controversial than the case of tapeworms , cockroaches or locusts would be reprogramming or phasing out snakes and crocodiles .
Snakes and crocodiles cause innumerable hideous deaths in the world each day .
They are also part of our familiar conceptual landscape thanks to movies , zoos , TV documentaries , and the like - though a relaxed tolerance of their activities is easier in the comfortable
West than for , say , a grieving Indian mother who has lost her child to a snakebite .
Snakes are responsible for over 50,000 human deaths each year .
Most controversial of all , however , would be the extinction - or genetically - driven behavioural modification - of members of the cat family .
We 'll focus here on felines rather than the " easy " cases like parasitic tapeworms or cockroaches because of the unique status of members of the cat family in contemporary human culture , both as pets / companion animals and as our romanticised emblems of " wildlife " .
Most contemporary humans have a strong aesthetic preference in favour of continued feline survival .
Their existence in current guise is perhaps the biggest ethical / ideological challenge to the radical abolitionist .
For our culture glorifies lions , with their iconic status as the King of the Beasts ; we admire the grace and agility of a cheetah ; the tiger is a symbol of strength , beauty and controlled aggression ; the panther is dark , swift and elegant ; and so forth .
Innumerable companies and sports teams have enlisted one or other of the big cats for their logos as symbols of manliness and vigour .
Moreover cats of the domestic variety are the archetypal household pets .
The worldwide domestic cat population has been estimated at around 400 million .
We romanticise their virtues and forgive their foibles , notably their playful torment of mice .
Indeed rather than being an object of horror - and compassion for the mouse - the torment of mice has been turned into stylised entertainment .
Hence Tom - and - Jerry cartoons .
By contrast , talk of " eliminating " predation can sound sinister .
What would " phasing out " or " reprogramming " predators mean in practice ?
Most disturbingly , such terms are evocative of genocide , not universal compassion .
Appearances deceive .
To get a conceptual handle on what is really going on during " predation " , let 's compare our attitude to the fate of a pig or a zebra with the fate of an organism with whom those non-human animals are functionally equivalent , both intellectually and in their capacity to suffer , namely a human toddler .
On those rare occasions when a domestic dog kills a baby or toddler , the attack is front - page news .
The offending dog is subsequently put down .
Likewise , lions in Africa who turn man-eater are tracked down and killed , regardless of their conserved status .
This response is n't to imply lions - or for that matter rogue dogs - are morally culpable .
But by common consent they must be prevented from killing any more human beings .
By contrast , the spectacle of a lion chasing a terrified zebra and then asphyxiating its victim can be shown on TV as evening entertainment , edifying viewing even for children .
How is this parallel relevant ?
Well , if our theory of value aspires to a God 's - eye perspective , stripped of unwarranted anthropocentric bias in the manner of the physical sciences , then the well - being of a pig or a zebra inherently matters no less than the fate of a human baby - or any other organism endowed with an equivalent degree of sentience .
If we are morally consistent , then as we acquire God - like powers over Nature 's creatures , we should take analogous steps to secure their well - being too .
Given our anthropocentric bias , thinking of non -human vertebrates not just as equivalent in moral status to toddlers or infants , but as though they were toddlers or infants , is a useful exercise .
Such reconceptualisation helps correct our lack of empathy for sentient beings whose physical appearance is different from " us " .
Ethically , the practice of intelligent " anthropomorphism " should n't be shunned as unscientific , but embraced insofar as it augments our stunted capacity for empathy .
Such anthropomorphism can be a valuable corrective to our cognitive and moral limitations .
This is not a plea to be sentimental , simply for impartial benevolence .
Nor is it even a plea to take " sides " between killer and prey .
Human serial killers who prey on other humans need to be locked up .
But ultimately , it 's vindictive morally to blame them in any ultimate sense for the fate of their victims .
Their behaviour supervenes on the fundamental laws of physics .
Tout comprendre , c'est tout pardonner .
Yet this indulgence does n't extend to permitting them to kill again ; and the abolitionist maintains the same principle holds good for nonhuman serial killers too .
Compassionate conservation can benefit ravenous predators and terrified herbivores alike .
Parasites , Predators and Serial Killers
It would be a mercy if the experience of suffocation were fundamentally different in human and non-human animals .
This fond hope might be realized if the intuitively appealing " dimmer - switch " model of consciousness were tenable - and an organism 's degree of consciousness were reliably correlated with its degree of intelligence .
The dimmer - switch model leads one to suppose that slow asphyxiation feels significantly less dreadful for a zebra than for a human being .
Naïvely , we imagine that the asphyxiation of our vertebrate cousins is merely rather unpleasant for its victims rather than unbearable beyond words .
Unfortunately , our core emotions are also the most intense modes of conscious experience ; and the neural structures that mediate such primitive modes of consciousness are among the most strongly evolutionarily conserved .
Intense fear , disgust , anger , hunger , thirst and pain are among the most powerful sensations known .
They are phylogenetically ancient .
Intense pleasure can of course be vivid too ; but pleasure is not our focus here .
In contrast to the phenomenology of our core emotions , the phenomenology of serial , " logical " thought - episodes in the distinctively human prefrontal cortex is vanishingly faint , as microelectrode studies and introspection of our own linguistic thought - episodes attest .
Moreover the problem is worse than " just " the acute intensity of suffering .
Wildlife documentaries encourage the notion that death in Nature is typically fast .
Some deaths are indeed mercifully swift .
Many other deaths are slow and agonizing .
Simply to survive , members of the cat family in the wild must inflict appalling suffering on their fellow mammals .
More disturbingly still , domestic cats torment millions of terrified small rodents and birds each day before killing them - essentially for entertainment .
Cats lack an adequate theory of mind .
They do n't have an empathetic understanding of the implications of what they are doing .
For a cat , the terrified mouse with whom it is " playing " has no more ethical significance than a zombie warrior slaughtered by a teenager playing " violent " videogames .
But an absence of malice is no comfort to the tormented mouse .
Most modern city - dwellers do not lose any sleep over the cruelties of Nature , or indeed give them more than a passing thought .
Implicitly , it 's assumed such suffering does n't matter .
Or if it does matter , it does n't matter enough to mitigate or abolish .
Why ?
The list of reasons below is incomplete but worth noting .
Our supposed lack of complicity due to impotence .
Throughout most of history , mankind could no more contemplate reordering the food chain than contemporary humans could contemplate changing , say , Planck 's constant or the rest mass of an electron .
What happens in Nature is traditionally " just the way things are " ; hence no one 's fault .
Shortly , however , the persistence of nonhuman animal suffering will be our direct responsibility - whether abdicated or accepted remains to be seen .
A television - based conception of the living world .
Our view of the living world is significantly shaped by wildlife documentaries - and the narrative structure that their voiceovers and uplifting mood - music provide .
Wildlife documentaries are designed to be entertaining as well as educative .
They offer a spectacle of death , violence and aggression in a manner that is no longer deemed acceptable when practised on humans .
It 's the same reason why for hundreds of years the Romans enjoyed the gory violence of the amphitheatre , and why nonhuman animals are still hunted by some humans for " sport " .
One contemporary psychological problem for many people in everyday life is n't pain or depression but boredom , a lack of stimulation .
The sight of conflict and killing is exciting .
Selective realism .
We like our war movies and horror films to be realistic - but not too realistic .
Likewise , wildlife documentaries are n't expected to portray the full nastiness of Darwinian life , although there would doubtless be a sizeable audience if they did so , as YouTube viewing figures attest .
The question of " taste " ensures that the more squeamish sensibilities of a wider television audience are spared most of the horror while still being entertained by the drama .
A few minutes of stalking .
The ambush .
The thrill of the chase .
A five - second shot of the lion with its jaw on the zebra 's throat .
Next the camera cuts to a pride of lions eating a lifeless carcass .
Realistic depictions of the full nastiness of predation are taboo .
As David Attenborough once remarked to some viewers who complained that a scene shown was too gruesome : " You ought to see what we leave on the cutting room floor " .
This text hints at the horror , but words do n't really portray it .
And even the most explicit video could n't evoke the first - person reality of being dismembered , strangled , impaled , drowned , poisoned or eaten alive .
The problem of suffering in Nature described here is worse - and its prevention more morally urgent - than even animal advocates suppose .
For example , try to imagine what it 's like slowly dying of thirst over several days during the dry season .
There may be no overt drama .
It 's just subjectively horrific .
Hence the ethical obligation on the dominant species to stop such horrors as soon as we acquire the technical expertise to do so .
Adaptive empathy deficits .
Human empathetic responses are shaped by natural selection .
Genetically , it 's fitness - enhancing for parents to experience an empathetic response to the feelings of their children , but maladaptive to feel compassion for their children 's " food " .
Selection pressure for empathy toward members of other races or species - or genetic rivals - is weak to non-existent since such empathy would n't promote our reproductive success - except insofar as it enabled our ancestors to hunt and kill more successfully , or outwit their enemies .
The human mind / brain is n't designed to track the well - being of other members of our own species beyond our own tribe , let alone all other sentient beings .
Such empathy sporadically occurs , but it has been selected , not selected for ; its existence is just the byproduct of a fitness - enhancing adaptation .
The discussion here focuses on empathy - deficits born of anthropocentric bias ; but the ultimate empathy - deficit stems from egocentric bias .
Coalitions of selfish genes throw up vehicles whose egocentric virtual worlds do not track the well - being of other sentient beings impartially .
Perhaps only clones ( i.e. identical twins , triplets , etc ) could " naturally " do so reliably .
The cruelties of the living world are " natural " , therefore worth conserving : a price worth paying for the glories of Nature .
This is the way things ought to be , because this is the way things have always been .
Status quo bias is endemic .
Thus it simply does n't seem to have occurred to some otherwise smart thinkers in slave - owning societies that slavery could be morally wrong .
Had the case for universal human freedom been put to them , the idea might well have seemed as silly as does questioning the inviolability of the food - chain at present .
Potentially , status quo bias can take benign guises too .
If we already lived in a cruelty - free world , the notion of re-introducing suffering , exploitation and creatures eating each other would seem not so much frightful as unimaginable - no more seriously conceivable than reverting to surgery without anaesthesia today .
Of course , the extent of our status quo bias should n't be exaggerated .
There is something self - intimatingly wrong with one 's own intense pain while it lasts ; and to a greater or lesser degree , we can generalise this urgent sense of wrongness to other suffering beings with whom we identify .
But since most humans are n't in agony most of the time , any generalizations we make tend to be weak ; and restricted in scope on account of our evolutionary descent .
Human empathetic responses are shaped by natural selection .
Genetically , it 's fitness - enhancing for parents to experience an empathetic response to the feelings of their children , but maladaptive to feel compassion for their children 's " food " .
Selection pressure for empathy toward members of other races or species - or genetic rivals - is weak to non-existent since such empathy would n't promote our reproductive success - except insofar as it enabled our ancestors to hunt and kill more successfully , or outwit their enemies .
The human mind / brain is n't designed to track the well - being of other members of our own species beyond our own tribe , let alone all other sentient beings .
Such empathy sporadically occurs , but it has been selected , not selected ; its existence is just the byproduct of a fitness - enhancing adaptation .
The discussion here focuses on empathy - deficits born of anthropocentric bias ; but the ultimate empathy - deficit stems from bias .
Coalitions of selfish genes throw up vehicles whose egocentric virtual worlds do not track the well - being of other sentient beings impartially .
Perhaps only clones ( i.e. identical twins , triplets , etc ) could " naturally " do so reliably .
Extinction versus Reprogramming
1 ) Extinction
One solution to the barbarities of predation is to use indiscriminate depot - contraception on carnivores and allow predators rapidly to die out , managing the resultant population effects on " prey " species via more selective forms of depot - contraception .
Such advanced computer - controlled contraception technologies could be used selectively on zebra , buffalo , wildebeest , etc , so our wildlife parks do n't become overpopulated .
The feasibility of such population - management is shown by the use of fertility - regulating depot - contraception on male elephants living in the Kruger National Park in preference to the distressing practice of " culling " .
Most human wildlife enthusiasts prefer the use of depot - contraception as a means of population - control to killing families of elephants ; but they also find the idea of an absence of lions even in our wildlife parks to be abhorrent .
This may be so ; but the case for selective extinction is n't absurd , even if we reject it after due deliberation .
Why fetishise life - forms endowed with a heritable tendency to prey on and strangulate others ?
Parallels with the Third Reich are best used sparingly ; but sometimes they are apt .
It 's worth asking why there is such an extensive Net - based community that regards black - uniformed SS and their regalia as fascinating - far more fascinating than , say , colourless NKVD apparatchiks and the squalor of the Gulag , or the half - forgotten Ottoman genocide of the Armenians .
If exercised with panache , extreme power and violence intrigue us .
Thankfully , our captivation by stylish embodiments of evil has limits : immaculate SS are a lot more elegant than their victims on the way to asphyxiation in the gas chambers ; but we are n't going to preserve or literally re-create the SS except in movies .
Some monstrous life - forms are best banished to the archives for good .
By the same token , the spectacle of large predators hunting and asphyxiating their terrified victims is more visually compelling than herbivores browsing inoffensively .
Which would you rather watch on TV ?
If there is misplaced emotion here , it lies in our fetishising the strong , handsome and powerful over the gentle and vulnerable .
It is worth stressing , repeatedly since the charge is made time and again , that this indictment of predators is not to blame a lion [ or a domestic cat ] for its behaviour .
First , barring genetic engineering or freaks of nature , lions are obligate carnivores .
Secondly , they do n't understand the implications of what they are doing .
Any mutant lion with a theory of mind capable of empathising with its prey would be rapidly outbred by " sociopathic " lions .
Barring human intervention , a compassionate lion who rejected the " law of the jungle " would starve to death .
Consequently so would its cubs .
Lions are " sociopathic " towards members of prey species , just as throughout history many humans have behaved sociopathically to members of other races and tribes - though enslavement has been more common in humans than cannibalism .
[ " Nothing more strongly arouses our disgust than cannibalism , yet we make the same impression on Buddhists and vegetarians , for we feed on babies , though not our own . " - Robert Louis Stevenson . ]
Either way , the extinction scenario for predatory life - forms needs to be taken seriously - but not out of naïve moralism .
The committed abolitionist may tentatively predict that centuries hence lions will not exist outside the digital archives - any more than the smallpox virus .
For that matter , one may tentatively predict that the same fate will befall feral Homo sapiens .
The conditionally activated capacity to act in bloodthirsty and sexually aggressive ways has been genetically adaptive in the past .
We are all the descendants of murderers and rapists .
Thus geneticists claim that over 16 million people today may be descended from Genghis Khan .
But prediction is not advocacy .
Moreover , even if - contrary to what is argued here - one believes that lions and cheetahs are inherently valuable in exactly their current guise , there is still an opportunity - cost to their existence - where the opportunity - cost is the value of the next best alternative creature forgone as the result of choosing one life - form over another .
Are members of the cat family really ideal life - forms ?
In a world of finite resources , only a small spectrum of phenotypes can be expressed out of the entire abstract state - space of possible genomes .
Assume , as seems likely , that ( post ) humans will shortly have demigod - like powers over what kinds of life - form and modes of consciousness the living world sustains .
Ecological resources - and indeed mass - energy itself - will still be finite .
If we opt to instantiate lions , then their existence entails depriving other species of life .
So to judge that lions should exist is to affirm that it is better , in some sense , that sociopathic killing machines prowl the Earth rather than alternative herbivores .
Taken literally , this argument ultimately applies to archaic Homo sapiens too .
Is the source code of our constituent matter and energy optimally organized ?
Or would our DNA be better reconfigured to encode a species of blissfully superintelligent " smart angels " ?
The difference is that archaic humans will most likely become extinct not through outside agency , but as we progressively rewrite our own source code , reprogram " human nature " , and bootstrap away into becoming posthuman .
2 ) Reprogramming Alternatively , should carnivorous predators be genetically " reprogrammed " or otherwise behaviourally modified rather than allowed to go extinct in the wild ?
Pre-reflectively , such reprogramming is all but impossible .
In practice , the technical expertise is probably a few decades away at most .
One can see anticipations of post - Darwinian life even now , albeit at the level of individuals rather than whole species .
a)
One example of behavioural management technology at work is the creation of remote - controlled rats ( " ratbots " ) .
Electrodes implanted in the pleasure centres of a rat 's brain can make the rat follow instructions of its own volition , so to speak , at least from the perspective of the rat .
Investigators currently anticipate that such enhanced rodents could be used to search for landmines or buried ( human ) victims of earthquakes .
In the future , there is nothing to stop such technology being widely installed - together with mini-cameras and GPS tracking devices - in predatory carnivores to deter sociopathic violence against other sentient life - forms .
Indeed with the right reinforcement schedule , the most ferocious carnivore could be turned into a model citizen in our wildlife parks .
With suitable surveillance and computer control , whole communities of ex-predators could be discreetly guided in the norms of non-violent behaviour .
No " inhumanity " would be involved in the behavioural reshaping process since at no time are the brain 's pain - centres stimulated .
Nor does the augmented animal ever experience a sense of being made to act against its will .
Yes , the ex-predator is " enslaved " to its reward circuitry ; but so are humans .
Recall Pascal : " All men seek happiness .
This is without exception .
Whatever different means they employ , they all tend to this end .
The cause of some going to war , and of others avoiding it , is the same desire in both , attended with different views .
This is the motive of every action of every man , even of those who hang themselves . "
Indeed , indefinitely generous doses of pure pleasure could be administered to members of the managed species in reward for " virtuous " behaviour .
Conversely , members of " prey " species can be bio-engineered to lose their currently well - justified terror of predators .
Again , this re-engineering sounds technically daunting .
Yet recall how rodents infected with the parasitic protozoan Toxoplasma gondii lose their normal fears and actually seek out cat urine - marked areas .
Pharmacology , neuroelectrodes and genetic technologies all offer possible solutions to the molecular pathology of fear when its persistence becomes functionally redundant .
In the long run , the same kinds of hedonic enrichment , intelligence - amplification and life - extension technologies available to humans later this century can be extended across the phylogenetic tree .
" Health is a state of complete physical , mental and social well - being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity " , affirms the World Health Organization constitution .
The abolitionist project broadens this pledge of complete physical , mental and social well - being beyond our own species to ( ultimately ) all sentient beings .
Any such extension sounds fanciful now .
So too would a description of contemporary human healthcare 200 years ago .
The same ethical principle is at stake .
Counter - intuitively , the " law of accelerating returns " of computer processing - power means that the transition to universal well - being could be accomplished in decades rather than millennia if a human governmental consensus existed - though centuries might be a more conservative timeframe for marine ecosystems .
b)
Another anticipation of how reprogramming might work is found " naturally " in the wild .
Between 2002 and 2004 a lioness christened Kamunyak [ " The Blessed One " in Samburuin ] in central Kenya repeatedly adopted a baby oryx , at least six times in all , protecting each baby oryx from other predators , including leopards and kindred hungry lions .
Kamunyak even allowed a mother oryx occasionally to come and feed her calf before chasing her away .
" The lioness must have a mental aberration " , stated a UNESCO official in Nairobi .
In principle , the hypernurturing behaviour of eusocial mammals like lions could be harnessed in genetically tweaked carnivores to protect members of species they currently predate .
On this scenario , a ready dietary supply of cultured meat would have to be laid on as well unless more radical genetic interventions were made to alter existing lion physiology .
Today , in vitro meat exists only as a laboratory curiosity .
Commercial products are a decade or more away .
But mass - producing cultured meat for " wild " or domestic carnivores should prove easier than creating the textures of genetically engineered meat needed to satisfy the more exacting tastes of gourmet human diners .
The technical details of such a program are of course challenging , to say the least .
Nature has few food chains in the strict sense ; complex food webs abound .
But an ecosystem can support only around five or six trophic levels between its effectively insentient primary producers and the large predatory carnivores at the top of the trophic pyramid .
For only 10 % or so of an organism 's energy is passed on to its predator ; the rest is lost as heat to the environment .
So the problems of humane ecosystem management should be computationally tractable in a well - run wildlife park .
The entire African lion population is currently believed to be around 30,000 , down from around 400,000 in 1950 .
Lion numbers are dwindling fast due to habitat loss and conflicts with humans .
The remaining lion populations are often geographically isolated from each other .
So inbreeding and a lack of genetic diversity are increasing .
Outside of zoos and wildlife parks , lions will soon die out in the absence of human intervention , as will most large terrestrial mammals this century in the wake of habitat degradation .
For instance , the Earth 's most species - rich biome , tropical evergreen forest , is being lost at around two percent each year .
Reprogramming and behavioural management technology can guarantee the civilised survival of reformed lions and their relatives for human ecotourists to enjoy , if we so choose .
One critical response to the prospect of reprogramming carnivorous predators runs as follows .
A quasi - domesticated lion that does not prey on members of other species has ceased to be a true lion .
Lions , by their very nature , kill members of prey species ( and sometimes hyenas , cheetahs and each other ) .
Yes , lions kill their victims in gruesome ways described as " bestial " if done by humans ; but such behaviour is perfectly natural if practised by lions : it 's one aspect of their " behavioural phenotype " .
Hunting behaviour is a natural part of their species essence .
Yet here we come to the nub of the issue : the alleged moral force of the term " natural " .
If any creature , by its very nature , causes terrible suffering , albeit unwittingly , is it morally wrong to change that nature ?
If a civilised human were to come to believe s/he had been committing acts that caused grievous pain for no good reason , then s/he would stop - and want other moral agents to prevent the recurrence of such behaviour .
May we assume that the same would be true of a lion , if the lion were morally and cognitively " uplifted " so as to understand the ramifications of what ( s ) he was doing ?
Or a house cat tormenting a mouse ?
Or indeed a human sociopath ?
Currently , sociopathy in humans cannot be cured ; but various interventions , both genetic and pharmacological , have been mooted .
When the therapeutic option does exist , should the treatment be offered ?
At present , sociopathic human serial killers must be locked up for life .
A " cure " that enabled human serial killers to become truly pro-social , empathetic beings would indeed " rob " them of their former identity .
Such an intervention would be " coercive " , maybe not in the strict sense , but effectively so if the alternative is being locked up indefinitely .
The same is true of violent repeat sex - offenders .
Now consider another form of behaviour in lions whose practice by humans would spell incarceration for life .
A mature male lion is genetically programmed to go into a pride , challenge the reigning male , and ( if the invading male is victorious ) methodically kill off the unweaned cubs of the defeated male .
Killing his rival 's cubs helps maximise the inclusive fitness of his DNA .
Their mother will then go on heat again so the invading male lion can mate with her and sire his own cubs .
Around a third of all lion cubs born perish in this way .
Mercifully , nothing so mechanistic plays out with human stepfathers and young stepchildren .
But statistically , to be raised as a stepchild is immensely more risky than being brought up by both one 's biological parents .
If there were therapeutic interventions that could help stifle hostile feelings on the part of stepfathers to young stepchildren , would their use be desirable ?
Many stepfathers , for instance , might welcome their availability .
Otherwise decent parents may be disturbed by the hostile feelings they feel toward their stepchildren - even though the vast majority of stepparents do not act on them in the extreme form practised by male lions .
Infanticide practised on a sentient being is cruel irrespective of the species identity of the perpetrator .
In the future , interventions can prevent its occurrence in our wildlife parks even at the price of tweaking the " natural " genomes of their members .
A Pan-Species Welfare State ?
" He that slayeth an ox is as he that slayeth a man "
( Isaiah 66:3 )
Over the last century , a welfare state for humans was introduced in Western European societies so that the most vulnerable members of our own species would n't suffer avoidable hardship .
Even in affluent Western nations , notably in the USA , coverage can be woefully inadequate .
Provision in Third World nations ranges from the adequate to patchy to almost non-existent .
And by the standards of posterity , all contemporary healthcare will presumably seem rudimentary .
But a commitment to the underlying principle , at least , is well - established : no one should literally starve or suffer death or debility from preventable illness .
Likewise , universal education is designed to maximise life opportunities for all .
Universal healthcare aims to ensure everyone gets medical treatment .
Child - support agencies intervene when vulnerable children are at risk of abuse or neglect .
Initially , Social Darwinists decried the introduction of such safeguards ; eugenicists fretted that a welfare state would allow the " unfit " to breed and propagate " bad " genes ; free - market fundamentalists worried that a safety - net would sap habits of manly self - reliance ; and so forth .
Yet the need for at least basic welfare guarantees now seems obvious , though controversy persists over their nature and optimal extent - and financing .
Social Darwinism in its rawest form now has few defenders beyond devotees of Ayn Rand .
The problem is not just that existing welfare provision is inadequate : it 's also arbitrarily species - specific .
In common with the plight of vulnerable humans before its introduction , the welfare of vulnerable non-human animals depends mostly on private charity .
No universal guarantees of non-human well - being exist .
Vivisection , the abomination of factory - farming , and the industrialized mass - killing of nonhuman animals persists unchecked .
Beyond our closest cousins the great apes , the systematic extension of state - enforced welfare guarantees to other species in the wild , sounds too far - fetched an option to generate sustained critical analysis .
Proverbially , charity begins at home ; let 's worry about " our " species first .
No great ideological debate has erupted on the case for compassionate ecosystem redesign because the case for preserving the ecological status quo is perceived as too obvious to need defending ; and the transformative potential of biotech , infotech and nanotech is still barely glimpsed .
Traditionally , of course , Nature has just seemed too big .
Insofar as any justification at all has been felt necessary for wild animal suffering , the narrative told to rationalise the cruelties of Nature has claimed that predation of the sick and the weak is for " the good of the species " .
This fable is no longer scientifically tenable .
Natural selection does n't operate on that level .
Further , it is equally un-Darwinian to suppose there is some fundamental ontological and ethical gulf between " us " and " them " , between primates of the genus Homo and nonhuman animals .
On any universal ethic , the inclusive rather than contrastive use of " we " must extend to all sentient beings .
However , the most formidable obstacle to reprogramming predators and designing compassionate ecosystems is n't ideology but simple status quo bias .
Most of the arguments elaborated against abolishing suffering in humans do n't even get off the ground in nonhumans .
The anguish of members of others species will not inspire its victims to create great works of art or literature , build their characters , afford interesting contrasts , allow opportunities for personal growth , and so on .
Their suffering is just nasty and inherently pointless .
On the face of it , reprogramming the source code of the rest of the living world is orders of magnitude computationally harder than re-engineering humans .
But the immensity of task should n't be overstated .
CRISPR genome - editing technologies are a game - changer .
The technical challenges of reprogramming nonhuman animals are in some respects easier to overcome than in humans .
Thus one of the most formidable stumbling - blocks to sustainable mood - enrichment in humans is n't engineering raw pleasure - wireheading or speedballing could do that now .
What 's hard is reprogramming our reward circuitry in ways than do n't compromise our social responsibility and cognitive performance - not just on gross measures of the sorts of cleverness scored by IQ tests , but subtler abilities involving creativity , empathetic understanding , introspective self - insight - and perhaps too the capacity for fundamental self - doubt from which future intellectual revolutions may spring .
In short , the challenge lies in preventing the superhappy from becoming either " opiated " or manic .
Similar constraints on the future happiness of nonhuman animals either do n't apply to the same degree or do n't apply at all .
The prospect of " lions on soma " may be surreal ; but it 's difficult to see how its introduction could be judged reckless or immoral .
Clearly as it stands , the abolitionist project is more of a sketch than a blueprint .
So one urgent priority is the creation of academic research programs so that abolitionist scholarship can become a rigorous scientific discipline .
Such a discipline will not be value - free ; but nor will it be any more normative than conservation biology - or scientific medicine .
A critical aspect of advanced ecosystem redesign will be prior computational modelling - the exhaustive hunt for previously unanticipated side - effects of interventions at different trophic levels in the " food chain " .
Philosophical manifestos can gloss over technical difficulties ; wildlife park management teams will need to confront them .
Either way , abolitionism needs to enter the academic and political mainstream , with organisational structures and advocacy groups to match .
A cruelty - free world will entail coordinated national , intergovernmental and United Nations action on an unprecedented scale .
Understandably , sceptics can dismiss such scenarios as sheer technofantasy .
The sociological , ethico - religious and ideological obstacles to the design of a cruelty - free planetary ecosystem can seem insurmountable even if its ultimate technical feasibility is acknowledged .
But predicting the growth of a global anti-speciesist ethic to complement an anti-racist ethic is n't as unreasonable as it first sounds .
Consider the central dogmas of the world 's major religions .
To what extent is the abolitionist project a disguised implication of some of our core principles ?
Ahimsa , the Sanskrit term meaning to do no harm ( literally : the avoidance of violence - himsa ) is central to the family of religions originating in ancient India : Hinduism , Buddhism and especially Jainism .
Ahimsa is a rule of conduct that bars the killing or injuring of living beings .
The ecosystem redesign advocated here is essentially the scientific expression of ahimsa on a global scale , shorn of its karmic metaphysics .
It 's true that Judaeo - Christian and Islamic religion have been less sympathetic historically to the interests of nonhuman animals than the non-Abrahamic traditions of the Indian subcontinent .
Throughout much of the Christian era , vegetarianism in Western Europe was regarded as a heresy .
God 's Biblical promise of " dominion " over the rest of the animal kingdom has standardly been interpreted as divine license for domination and exploitation .
Yet " dominion " can also be ( re ) interpreted as responsibility for stewardship .
What if Isaiah is correct and the wolf and the lion really can lie down with the lamb ?
Would a compassionate God want us to preserve the biology of suffering when its perpetuation becomes optional ?
Recall too that ( with one exception ) each of the 114 suras of the Islamic Qur'an begins , " Allah is merciful and compassionate . "
The name of God used most often in the Qur'an is " al - Rahim " , meaning literally " the All - Compassionate . "
Any implication that God 's compassion is stunted compared to the moral imagination of mere mortals might seem blasphemous .
Muhammad the Prophet speaks of the need for " universal mercy " .
According to one tradition ( Hadith Mishkat 3:1392 )
Muhammad taught that " all creatures are like a family of God ; and He loves the most those who are the most beneficent to His family . "
As infotech , nanorobotics and biotechnology mature - or accelerate - perhaps religious and secular ethicists alike will treat the maximal relief of suffering as the default assumption from which departures need to be justified , not a radical new ethic in need of justification itself .
On almost every future scenario , we 're destined to " play God " .
So let 's aim to be compassionate gods and replace the cruelty of Darwinian life with something better .
Very few photographs can be more stunning than a well - executed photo of a waterfall .
Just as they are one of the most beautiful things in nature , good photographers are able to make them one of the favourite subjects of photography fans everywhere .
We think this selection of creative commons shots by various photographers is among the best we have seen .
If you ’d like to know more about taking photos like these , do n’t forget to check out the resource links below .
If you love waterfalls and landscapes then definitely check out our Landscape Photography page .
The is a wonderful resource that covers everything you need to know about capturing beautiful landscapes like these .
If you are looking to take your landscapes to the next level then one of the very best landscape photography courses online you can get is Kent Dufault 's excellent The Complete Landscape Photography Guide .
This is a comprehensive course covering gear , camera settings and post - production .
You wo n't be disappointed .
Free Guides To Get You Started With Landscape Photography
Ritesh Saini pulled together 5 free guides that will get you on your way with Landscape photography .
Take a look at his post here and for your convenience , here are the free guides to go and take a look at .
Adi kavazovic
We hope you 've enjoyed this waterfall gallery .
If you are interested in taking your own beautiful waterfall photos then definitely take a look at Kent Dufault 's fantastic The Complete Landscape Photography Guide .
It is a guide you will keep returning to .
And here are some additional resources for waterfall photography
Further Reading :
Trivia
The characters of Captain Leland Stottlemeyer and Lieutenant Randall Disher ( named Randall Deacon in the pilot ) served much the same function on this show as did Inspector Lestrade in the Sherlock Holmes stories .
This relationship may have inspired these characters ' names : taking the first two letters of each name in order - LE from " Leland " , ST from " Stottlemeyer " , RA from " Randall " and DE from " Deacon " - spells out " Lestrade " .
( However , after the show 's pilot episode , Randy Deacon 's last name was changed to Disher . )
See more
By Robert Tracinski - September 20 , 2009
Well , it 's official .
The Obama phenomenon is over .
Permanently .
It 's not just that Obama 's favorite weapon , the Big Speech , no longer moves public opinion .
( Last Wednesday 's health - care speech produced a slight " bounce " in public support for the health - care bill , but it disappeared in less than a week . )
What really ends the era of Obama is this : a major part of Obama 's appeal was his symbolism as the first black president , which was supposed to give Americans an opportunity to put the whole ugly history of racial politics behind them .
Yet here we are , less than eight months into Obama 's administration , and the racial politics are worse than they have been in a long time .
Within days of Saturday 's giant " tea party " rally in Washington , Obama 's supporters in the press began denouncing the protesters as racists .
That 's what Jimmy Carter says , and Time 's Joe Klein , and The American Prospect 's Paul Waldman , and Paul Krugman and Maureen Dowd at the New York Times , among others .
What is their evidence ?
Well , they do n't have any — just over - active imaginations .
Krugman opines that the " driving force " behind the tea party movement is " probably … cultural and racial anxiety , " while Dowd says that when Joe Wilson told Obama he was lying , " what I heard was an unspoken word in the air :
You lie , boy !...
Some people just can't believe a black man is president and will never accept it . "
Those are the journalistic standards at the Times nowadays : it 's OK to libel half the population based on what you imagine they are " probably " thinking and on words they did n't say .
Along the same lines , Klein attributes opposition to Obama to " implicit " racism , while " social psychologist " Thomas Pettigrew makes explicit what this charge of " implicit racism " means :
" The general idea is that people who do n't recognize it in themselves look for legitimate means to carry out their subtle beliefs , sometimes even without awareness on their part that they 're doing it . "
That 's how a " social psychologist " gets to project onto you his own preconceptions about your character and motives — without actually needing to talk to you and ask you what you think .
And they have not asked us what we think , none of them .
It is obvious from all of the accusations of racism that these crack reporters have n't attended the " tea party " protests , have n't talked to anyone there , have n't bothered to find out who we are and what we believe .
They have simply projected onto us the ugliest motive they can think of , without the need for any evidence to validate it .
It is one of the most gratuitous political smear campaigns I have ever seen .
For a dose of reality , check out this set of photos taken by one of my readers at Saturday 's rally .
The defining characteristic of the tea party rallies , and especially last Saturday's , is the profusion of signs — the movement 's dominant medium of expression .
You do n't have to resort to imagining words these people did n't say or projecting what was " probably " in their minds .
They tell you what they 're thinking , with an enormous variety and creativity of homemade signs .
A few favorites : " Do I Look Like an ATM to You ? "
The ever - popular " Give Me Liberty , Not Debt . "
" Congress Is a Toxic Asset . " " Free Markets Not Free Loaders . "
And addressing the race issue head - on : " It Does n't Matter the President Is Black .
It Matters That He 's Red . "
The most unusual sign : a genuine one - million - Mark banknote from the German hyperinflation of the 1920s , surrounded by the motto : " Never Again . "
( If you scroll down about halfway , you will also see a picture of yours truly .
I'm the fellow in the blue shirt carrying a big sign with a quote from Ayn Rand expressing this " racist " sentiment : " Your life belongs to you and the good is to live it . "
Clearly code words for the Ku Klux Klan . )
The common theme of the signs was individual rights versus collectivism , an advocacy of limited government held to the restrictions placed on it by the Constitution .
One of the signs in the photo essay sums up the message of the tea party rally : " It 's the Liberty , Stupid . "
The fact that the tea party had such a clear philosophical message , and that the bogus racism smear so thoroughly evades this message , says a lot about the intellectual confidence of the tea party movement — versus the lack of philosophical confidence on the left .
The tea partiers are very happy to have a philosophical debate on the most basic political issues .
The left , by contrast , wants to change the subject with personal , ad hominem attacks — which indicates that they are not confident that they can win the debate if it stays on the question of the size and role of government .
To say that the left is resorting to " racial politics " is a bit too vague .
Let 's define exactly what they are doing : they are resorting to a decades - old politics of racial slander , reflexively accusing any opponent of racism in an attempt to shut down discussion .
Racism is one of the worst insults you can throw at someone today , only a few steps up from accusing him of being a child molester .
That this is so is , in fact , a tribute to the heroic change in American culture in recent decades .
In less than fifty years , America has gone from a country in which segregation was openly enforced and defended to a country in which an accusation of even indirect racism can ruin a man 's reputation and career .
Just ask Don Imus .
But this has come to be used as a weapon — a bludgeon of intimidation wielded by the left .
Barack Obama 's color - blind campaign , the idea that he was running as if race did n't matter , promised us an uplifting break from this history .
There were indications from the beginning , however , that he did n't really mean it .
Obama had to tap dance around his close , longstanding association with the race - baiting preacher Jeremiah Wright , and he sat back while his proxies used accusations of racism as a weapon against the Clinton campaign .
If he could do that in the Democratic primary , there 's no reason to think he 'll object to those who are doing it again now .
Obama allegedly wants to stay out of the current racism smear campaign — but leaders do n't get that option .
By remaining silent , he is signaling his approval ; he is voting " present " on the revival of the racism smear in American politics .
This is an enormous disappointment to many people who once voted for Obama — and to many others , like myself , who once saw an element of nobility in his campaign , even if we disagreed with everything else he stood for .
If Obama does n't immediately and forcefully reject the new racism smear against the tea party movement , then he will have destroyed the last remaining element of his appeal to voters — and he will have made millions of passionate new enemies among the voting public .
Los errores más comunes en el maquillaje : Cuando vamos a maquillarnos utilizamos siempre los mismos trucos , aquellos que hemos aprendido en revistas o con nuestras amigas , pero también cometemos algunos errores muy comunes , aquí revisaremos algunos y como evitarlos :
El color del corrector : una de las cosas más importantes cuando nos maquillamos es la corrección de las ojeras y otras imperfecciones .
La escogencia del color del corrector es muy importante , si no queremos terminar como un mapache .
El color debe corresponder al color de tu cara , ¡no más claro !
Lo importante es que en su composición tenga el color opuesto al que quieres matizar : si tienes ojeras moradas , usa un corrector con base amarilla o naranja , si tienes alguna mancha roja , utiliza un corrector verde para neutralizarla .
Color y aplicación de la base : la base no debe ser ni más oscura ni más clara que tú piel y no debes aplicarla hasta el escote .
Baja degradando el color por el cuello , que no se note cuando termina el producto .
No olvides sellarla con polvo .
Usar mucha sombra , mucho rubor , mucho labial : recuerda que menos es más , si vas a acentuar tus ojos , usa un labial claro del color de tu piel y gloss .
Si prefieres resaltar tus labios , mantén el maquillaje de tus ojos suave .
Grumos en las pestañas : sabemos que la tendencia es tener las pestañas más grandes , más vistosas , más oscuras , pero evita los grumos que el rimel pueda dejar en ellas .
Después de pasar varias veces la máscara , utiliza un cepillito para separar las pestañas y eliminar el exceso .
Colores de moda : no insistas , si el color de la temporada no queda bien con el color de tu piel , no lo uses .
Luz : maquillarte con luz natural de día es lo ideal , la luz artificial altera los colores e invita a utilizar más producto del necesario .
Maquíllate con la luz adecuada para obtener el mejor resultado .
La ocasión : recuerda variar tu estilo de maquillaje de acuerdo a la ocasión , si es de día utiliza un maquillaje más suave y delicado , de noche más profundo , así tendrás la oportunidad de cambiar tu look y verte siempre diferente .
El maquillaje es sólo eso , maquillaje : si tienes algún problema en la piel , no basta con ocultarlo con el maquillaje , acude a un especialista para que puedas solventarlo .
Cristina Pilo
Maquillaje Profesional
cristinapilo@gmail.com
Advertisements
Tonight on his MSNBC program Countdown , Keith Olbermann took aim at the Democrats who are in the pockets of the healthcare sector that are blocking healthcare reform .
He warned , “ You were elected to serve the people , and if you fail to pass or support this legislation the full wrath of the progressive and the moderate movements in this country will come down on your heads . ”
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Olbermann said , “ We do not need to call the Democrats holding this up Blue Dogs that one word , dogs is perfectly sufficient , but let me speak to them collectively anyway .
I warn you all .
You were not elected to create a Democratic majority .
You were elected to restore this country .
You were not elected to serve the corporations and the trusts who the government has enabled for these last 8 years .
You were elected to serve the people , and if you fail to pass or support this legislation the full wrath of the progressive and the moderate movements in this country will come down on your heads . ”
He continued , “ Explain yourselves not to me , but to them .
They elected you , and in the blink of an eye they will replace you .
If you will behave as if you are Republicans , as if you are the prostitutes of our system , you will be judged as such and you will lose not merely our respect you will lose your jobs .
Every poll , every analysis , every vote , every region of this country supports healthcare reform , and the essential great leveling agent of government funded alternative to the unchecked duopoly of profiteering private insurance corporations .
Cross us all at your peril . ”
Olbermann is pulling a trick straight out of the Rush Limbaugh playbook .
He has the most watched liberal / progressive program on television , so he named names in the hopes of shaming these bought and paid for Democrats .
This could work if Olbermann keeps the pressure on the Blue Dogs .
However , if he musters his indignant rage for one night and never discusses it again , it wo n’t matter .
Olbermann does overlook the fact that many of these Blue Dogs do n’t have to worry about liberals and moderates because they are mostly Democrats representing Red States .
The people blocking healthcare reform are more worried about losing Republican votes than Democratic support .
These are members of Congress that do n’t want to appear liberal .
I am always in favor of anything that exposes the connection between money and politics , but the truth is that the only way true democracy will return to our system is if elections are publicly funded .
Money rules in politics , so it is no surprise that members of Congress are more interested in pleasing donors instead of constituents .
Olbermann can be enraged , but it wo n’t matter unless those who support healthcare reform show the members of Congress that there will be a price to be paid on Election Day if they choose to follow the money .
A religious denomination today reignited debate on same - sex unions after agreeing to perform marriage ceremonies for gay couples .
The Quaker church , also known as the Religious Society of Friends , already offers religious blessings to couples in civil partnerships .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But today , at its yearly meeting , held at the University of York , the church opted to extend this to same - sex weddings .
Quakers will ask the Government to change the law , which does not recognise gay marriage , to allow Quaker registering officers to register same - sex partnerships in the same way as marriages .
Michael Hutchinson , of Quakers in Britain , said : " Many of our meetings have told us that there are homosexual couples who consider themselves to be married and believe this is as much a testimony of divine grace as a heterosexual marriage .
" They miss the public recognition of this in a religious ceremony . "
During this week 's meeting , Quakers spoke about their personal experiences of committed relationships , agreeing that " whereas there was a clear , visible path to celebration and recognition for opposite sex couples " the same was not always true for those in same - sex relationships , a minute released by the church said .
It said : " This open sharing of personal experience has moved us and added to our clear sense that , 22 years after the prospect was first raised ... we are being led to treat same - sex committed relationships in the same way as opposite - sex marriages , reaffirming our central insight that marriage is the Lord 's work and we are but witnesses .
" The question of legal recognition by the state is secondary . "
All those present at today 's meeting , numbering around 1200 , agreed to take steps to revise relevant parts of Quaker faith and practice in order to treat same - sex marriages in the same way as more traditional unions .
After the decision , Martin Ward , clerk of the Quakers yearly meeting , said : " This minute is the result of a long period of consultation and what we call " threshing " in our local meetings , culminating in two gathered sessions of our yearly meeting .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" At these sessions , according to practice , we heard ministry arising out of silent worship which led us to discern the will of God for the Religious Society and record it in this minute . "
Human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell welcomed today 's announcement as a " trail - blazing " choice that highlighted issues within other religious organisations .
He said : " The Quakers ' decision to open up marriage to same - sex couples , on exactly the same basis as heterosexual couples , is an honourable , courageous , trail - blazing decision . "
" " It exposes the homophobia of other faiths that refuse to recognise love and commitment between couples of the same sex , and it specifically exposes their denial of religious marriage to same - sex couples . "
Mr Tatchell said that if the Government refused to recognise Quaker same - sex marriages , it could provoke confrontation with other religious groups by overriding their authority and independence .
He added : " It would send entirely the wrong signal if Gordon Brown 's Government sided with homophobic , discriminatory religious leaders against marriage equality for same - sex couples . "
The issue of active homosexuality and the consecration of a gay bishop has divided the worldwide Anglican communion , with the Archbishop of Canterbury suggesting a " two - track " church was a possibility .
In a newspaper interview earlier this month , the Bishop of Rochester , Dr Michael Nazir - Ali , said homosexuals should " repent and be changed " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The world 's tallest man - who also has the largest hands and feet - has been named by Guinness World Records for the launch of its 2010 book .
At 8ft 1in ( 2.47 m ) , Sultan Kosen , from Turkey , is about 4in ( 10 cm ) taller than previous title - holder Bao Xishun .
The 27 - year - old 's hands measure 10.8 in ( 27.5 cm ) and his feet 14.3in ( 36.5 cm ) .
Mr Kosen , whose height is due to the medical condition pituitary gigantism , said he hoped his new - found fame would bring him love for the first time .
" The first thing I want to do is have a car that I can fit in , but more than that I want to get married , " he said .
" Up until now it 's been really difficult to find a girlfriend .
I 've never had one , they were usually scared of me .
I 'm hoping now I will find one . "
He went on : " Hopefully now that I 'm famous I 'll be able to meet lots of girls .
I 'd like to get married . "
I can't go shopping like normal people , I have to have things made specially and sometimes they are n't always as fashionable
Sultan Kosen
One of the difficulties of being so tall is getting clothes which fit and Mr Kosen wore a specially - made suit to meet journalists , which was one of the first outfits he has owned that is the right size .
He also had to have a three - metre - long bed made .
Mr Kosen said : " The most difficult things are , for example , that I can't fit into a normal car .
When I get into a car , it 's a really tight fit .
" I can't go shopping like normal people , I have to have things made specially and sometimes they are n't always as fashionable .
" The other thing is that ceilings are low and I have to bend down through doorways . "
But his height does have its upsides .
He said : " The good thing about being so tall is that I can see people from a long distance .
The other thing is at home they use my height to change the light bulbs and hang the curtains , things like that . "
A spokesman for Guinness World Records said Mr Kosen was the first person in more than a decade it had recognised as being more than 8ft in height , He grew normally until he was 10 , but then a tumour caused him to develop a medical condition called pituitary gigantism .
The tumour was removed last year and his growth stopped .
His visit to the UK is the first time he has travelled outside Turkey , and he will go on to visit the US and Germany .
Earlier this year , Zhao Liang from China thought he might be a contender for the world record after he was treated for an injury in hospital .
Staff there measured the former basketball player at 2.46 m ( just under 8 ft 1in ) in height .
Ukrainian Leonid Stadnyk was briefly awarded the title in 2007 , but it was returned to Bao Xishun when Mr Stadnyk declined to be measured under new guidelines , which required him to be independently measured by Guinness World Records adjudicators .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
about
furthermore
my novel
contact
( if you 're a spam bot , please limit your emails to weekdays between 8 and 5 )
credits
( non-abs )
( abs only )
dispatching all manner of curiosities since 1882 , i'm your good friend raynor — and this is my bag .i'm a wackademic living in boston .
i made this this , and these .
here are my most popular posts and here are my least popular .
another thing i do is tweet i wrote one • the current theme of this website is a fully perverted version of this one •my personal traineris alexei malashenko .
my personal traineris ghjambattista bolibar .
contessa frederica santos - fiori let me borrow her rottweiler once.runs on tumblr and is a component of the internet .
MUSIC NEWS - Andrew Bird has confirmed the last segment , this fall , of his " Noble Beast " tour to follow this summer 's trek through the USA and abroad .
St. Vincent will support on all of Bird 's fall headline dates .
The summer dates kick off with a July 10 headline date at Los Angeles ' Greek Theater with support from Ra Ra Riot and Heartless Bastards .
He then follows by several dates with the steallar acts like Death Cab For Cutie and the Decemberists .
Andrew continues to tour supporting his excellent , recent album , Noble Beast , was released January 20 via Fat Possum Records .
ACL TV show to air this fall as well ) , multiple night stands in Carrboro and Milwaukee , and wraps up with an October 28 return to Washington DC .
Fan pre-sales are availabe at After his appearance at Lollapalooza , Bird spends the remainder of August on a run of European and UK festival dates returning to the USA for the fall tour , which starts up September 19 at the Forward Music Festival in Madison WI , includes a show at Nashville 's historic Ryman Auditorium , a stop at the Austin City Limits festival ( Bird taped a performance for an episode of theTV show to air this fall as well ) , multiple night stands in Carrboro and Milwaukee , and wraps up with an October 28 return to Washington DC .
Fan pre-sales are availabe at AndrewBird.com for all dates , with standard on sales begining July 10 ( Buffalo and Madison are available July 11 ) .
Woman who urinated often told to drink less water
( China Daily )
Updated : 2009-09-09 09:32
A 26 - year - old woman in Taiwan who used to urinate more than 20 times a day is finally feeling better after doctors advised her to give up drinking too much water .
Pan drank about 3.5 liters of water everyday after she was told drinking water is good for the skin .
" I used to wet my bed , and while I was awake I spent most of my time urinating , " she said .
Doctors suggested that the daily intake of water for an adult should be about no more than 2 liters per day .
( www.chinanews.com.cn)
== Intro ==
This package is an early - release of the webhooks / publish - subscribe protocol that http://pubsubhubbub.googlecode.com/ is working and rapidly deploying for various Google services .
The protocol itself is n't tied or limited to a Google service ; a number of hubs have been created and deployed already ( see the above URL for list . )
This Haskell package adds support for working with these HTTP - based publish - subscribe hub servers , i.e. , you may subscribe to notification to URLs ( ' topics ' ) from a hub and it will push updates down as they occur ( rather than you polling . ) == Getting started ==
The protocol is dependent on having some callback / endpoints to forward ' topic ' updates to you locally .
There 's a number of ways of providing this in Haskell ... for testing purposes , I 've included a ' fastcgi ' proxy / relaying script that handles this ; see examples / Main.hs
It operates by forwarding incoming requests to a local server for processing -- the thinking being that it provides a robust web front - end , leaving your basic Haskell code to do the interesting bits of proccessing the pubsub notifications .
An example of how this could be done is provided in examples / Feeder.hs which uses the pubsubhub service that superfeedr.com provides .
To use , you need to : * build the cabal package ..(! ) *
Make the fastcgi script pubsub.fcgi available on ' web- visible ' URL . *
Adjust the settings at the top of examples / Feeder.hs to match your local settings for the script 's URL + settle on a hub to use .
For actual code / documentation on the bits that implement the very - straightforward PubSubHub protocol , see Web / PubSub.hs enjoy -- sigbjorn 09/08/2009
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Bombings killed 8 and wounded 50 in Iraq on Tuesday .
There were two bombings in eastern Shiite neighborhoods in the capital .
A boy and two soldiers were wounded near Baqubah .
These attacks are likely to go on for a while .
But despite what a lot of commentators imply , the recent bombings have almost nothing to do with the cessation of US patrols in the major cities .
As AFP lets slip , 437 Iraqis were killed by political violence in June , the last month of US military patrols , with 40 attacks per week .
In July , the first month in which there were no regular US patrols in the major cities , 275 Iraqis were killed in political violence and the number of attacks was 29 per week .
One month does not make a trend .
The number of deaths in August could well be back up to the June level .
But if deaths and attacks dropped by a third during the first month of no US patrols , it is not legitimate to suggest that the patrols need to start back up or their lack is the cause of increased violence !
Moreover , the bombing in Khazna north of Mosul would not have been in any way impeded by patrols of US troops in the big city of Mosul .
Small villages have all along been vulnerable to attacks precisely because they are seldom garrisoned by US or Iraqi troops .
In August of 2007 , truck bombings of two Yazidi villages in the north killed an estimated 500 Iraqis .
And that was at the height of the so - called ‘ surge . ’
US troops could not stop the hitting of a soft target like that 2 years ago , and Iraqi troops cannot stop it today .
It is irrelevant to the question of the security fallout from the US withdrawal .
So , to repeat : Violence and monthly death tolls fell when the US troops stopped patrolling .
And attacks like that at Khazna were happening when US troops had more security duties .
So whatever has been going on in Iraq during the past week is not an argument for the unwisdom of the troop drawdown .
The journalists who are playing up this angle are just not doing the math .
End / ( Not Continued )
Great flying Gelflings — the Henson studio has n’t decided to abandon the Dark Crystal sequel .
In fact , it ’s moving forward .
Just in case you ’ve run out of things to watch while getting high .
Advertisement
In an interview with MTV , the son of muppet god Jim Henson , Brian Henson , gave a little update on the next movie in the series about muppets that will make you secretly terrified .
The sequel to Frank Oz and Jim Henson ’s The Dark Crystal will be called The Power of the Dark Crystal :
We have a ‘ Dark Crystal ’ sequel , called ‘ The Power of the Dark Crystal . ’
It has a very strong script ...
Both of those projects ... are very close to going into pre-production .
They ’re both really ready to go .
[ The studio is ] just [ in the process of ] putting together the final finance pieces and the final distribution pieces .
Advertisement
It ’s all happening !
I have the patience of a five - year - old when it comes to muppet movies , as there is a dire need for some good old fashioned puppetry in today ’s cinema .
Hopefully the urRu pace at which the Dark Crystal 2 seems to be plodding along may indicate an intent from Henson studios to do DC2 right , this time lets really scare the kiddies , with puppets !
Contact :
Alix Fried
Rabinowitz / Dorf Communications
( 202 ) 265-3000
alix@rabinowitz-dorf.com
( New York , NY ) — Nancy Falchuk , National President of Hadassah , the Women ’s Zionist Organization of America , Inc. , praised the Israel Ministry of Health ’s decision to create the new status of “ Nurse Expert , ” thereby recognizing the increased expertise of nurses with advanced preparation .
This is the first recognition of higher status for nurses in formal health care services and comes at a time of looming shortages in nursing .
“ This new role is an important stepping stone in the career advancement of nurses and enhances the profession of nursing in Israel , ” said Falchuk .
“ The new status dovetails with Hadassah ’s Clinical MA program in Jerusalem .
Nurse Experts will assume clinical leadership roles within nursing and the health care system by having the ability and authority to independently provide expert care in their area of specialty . ”
Falchuk also praised another initiative of the Ministry of Health : funding 80 percent of tuition for potential nurses .
Hadassah opened the first nursing school in pre-state Israel in 1918 and has been a strong advocate for professional nurses .
Nurse graduates , beginning in 1921 , are widely credited for the establishment of modern public health care that transformed medicine in the region .
In the United States , the Hadassah Nurses ’ Council , comprised of nurses around the country , advocates for nursing advancement in the US and in Israel .
Nurse Experts in Israel will differ from American Nurse Practitioners in their scope of practice , but this may change in the future considering the impending shortage of both doctors and nurses , the financial constraints on the health care system and the increasing health needs of the population .
“ The role of the Nurse Expert is crucial to the development of the health care system and to the improvement of the quality of health care despite the fact that it has drawn extensive fire from the doctors ’ union , ” says Dr. Miri Rom , who heads the Henrietta Szold - Hadassah School of Nursing at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem
Donate to Hadassah Southern California
Become a Member
Visit Our Site
Looks like Jim Demint can see the writing on the wall ....
If the republicans lose on this healthcare battle , their party is TOAST !!!
DeMint : ' If We Lose The Health Care Battle , I Think We've Lost It A
Added 23 minutes ago on September 12th , 2009
Yesterday on Glenn Beck 's radio program , Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - SC ) outlined the state of America under President Obama in apocalyptic terms , saying that health care was a must - win battle for Republicans , otherwise all would be lost .
When Beck said that we are seeing " a fundamental transformation into a new system where the executive branch is almost if not all powerful , " DeMint replied :
Source : thinkprogress.org
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota ( CNN ) -- Melissa and Jackson Brandts knew right away that the photo from their recent trip to Canada was a good one .
Melissa and Jackson Brandts were taking a photo of themselves when the squirrel popped up .
However , it was n't until the world -- and National Geographic -- took notice that they realized exactly how good .
Now , after submitting it to the magazine 's online " Your Shot " contest , the Minnesota couple 's photo is set to grace the pages of the magazine 's November issue .
It 's appeared on the Web sites of news outlets around the world , and the squirrel -- now dubbed " Crasher Squirrel " -- even has its own Wikipedia entry of the same moniker .
Melissa Brandts and her husband Jackson were hiking in Banff National Park the last week in May when they decided to set up their camera and use their wireless remote shutter for a few shots of the two of them .
They were getting situated on the rocky shore near Lake Minnewanka when the now - iconic critter stopped by for a visit .
" The little squirrel had been running around while we were getting the shot set up , " Melissa Brandts said in a phone interview Tuesday .
" I was joking with my husband that I hoped he was friendly because he was getting awful close and kind of scampering around our feet and stuff . "
Friendly ?
You might say so .
It was also a bit timid and perhaps even indecisive because it soon scurried away and then , just as quickly , rushed back again .
" Photogenic " might also be a good word to describe it .
Do n't Miss National Geographic -- Your Shot
" All of a sudden he popped back up because he heard the shutter releasing , the clicking of the camera .
The only thing we can figure is that he thought it was going to give him food or something , " Brandts said .
" He popped right up and looked right into the camera , and we were laughing so hard because we were like ' get it , get it ! ' and we were trying to get the remote to fire .
So we got a couple of pictures -- took a couple of pictures with him there , and then he ducked down and proceeded to run away . "
The resulting image exceeded all expectations .
" We did n't realize how good it was until we got back to the hotel that night and downloaded it to my husband 's computer , and when we could see it on the full screen we were like , ' Whoa , are you serious ? ' "
" We had no idea it was going to turn out exactly like it did with him being in perfect focus , us being out of focus , and then us just laughing in the background .
We were n't sure if he'd be standing like in front of one of us or something like that . "
An international phenomenon
Brandts said she and her husband showed the photo to their friends and family and were subsequently incessantly prodded to " do something " with it .
For months the two were n't sure what that something could be .
That changed , however , when the latest issue of National Geographic arrived in the mail .
" I saw the ' Your Shot ' contest , which of course I knew existed , but I had never thought of entering one of my own pictures into it , " Brandts said .
" I thought , ' This is what I 'm going to do ! ' "
Brandts said she submitted it on August 5 and by August 13 it was NationalGeographic.com 's photo of the day .
" Things just kind of spun out of control from there . "
The photo was soon published in the pages of two national Canadian newspapers , and Brandts received calls from a friend in South Korea who 'd seen it on a local South Korean news Web site .
The couple has since appeared on NBC's " Today " show as well as the Twin Cities ' local affiliate KARE .
And now that it 's been selected for publication in the November issue of National Geographic , the attention has n't subsided .
As of this writing , Brandts has received Facebook messages from random fans in 29 different countries .
The Facebook group " Nuts the Squirrel is a Legend " comes complete with 5,300 fans and counting .
The squirrel is also being used by Banff National Park in advertising on its Web site , and it has created a Banff squirrel Twitter account .
There 's even a Web site dubbed " The Squirrelizer , " which has apparently been created for people who feel their photos lack a certain " squirrel charm . "
The site 's tool will paste the squirrel cutout onto any picture uploaded .
Other sites have pasted the squirrel onto various scenes from history , from the D - Day invasion at Normandy to the Apollo moon landing .
And it has n't stopped there .
" It keeps popping up everywhere , like at my husband 's job , " Brandts added .
" If people are giving him a presentation , all of the sudden they 'll have a squirrel pop up . "
Authenticity assured
It was during their appearance on " Today " that host Matt Lauer raised questions about the possibility the photo could have been doctored .
Brandts assured him , as she did once more for CNN , that the photo is " completely authentic " but said she understood the skepticism because people had originally thought the photo was taken simply with a timer -- as opposed to the remote shutter she used in actuality -- which , if it were the case , would have kept the couple in focus and blurred the squirrel .
" National Geographic looked at the full high - resolution [ image , and ] realized it was authentic , " Brandts said , adding , " You ca n't make this stuff up . "
All About Canada
The Arlington Independent School District , which passed on airing President Barack Obama 's live classroom address , has announced that some students will be bussed off campus to hear a message from former President George W. Bush on Sept. 21 .
District officials said it 's part of a Cowboys Stadium field trip that the North Texas Super Bowl Host Committee invited 28 fifth - grade classes to attend several months ago .
In addition to hearing from Bush and former first lady Laura Bush , the students will hear from legendary Dallas Cowboys players and North Texas business and community leaders .
The event launches the Super Bowl committee 's largest - ever youth education program .
Students must have their parents ' permission to attend , school officials said .
Dwight McKissic Sr. , the senior pastor of Arlington 's Cornerstone Baptist Church , said he 's concerned about the district 's decision to not broadcast Obama 's message while transporting students to hear a message from Bush .
" I do not understand the duplicity in this situation , " McKissic said in a news release from the church .
" I believe the students and the public deserve and need to have these differences explained . "
Obama told students to stay in school , work hard and set goals in an 18 - minute speech delivered Tuesday morning from Wakefield High School in Arlington , Va .
The Arlington school district , like many in North Texas , decided not to broadcast the president 's speech live after some parents expressed concern about its content .
The district said the recorded speech would be made available through its Web site .
The school district allowed students with permission slips from parents an excused absence to watch Obama 's speech at an off - site location .
Cornerstone Baptist Church was among the facilities that broadcast Obama 's address for students and parents who wanted to watch the speech live .
And Then There Were None
Natalia Estemirova had a dry sense of humor and a giant heart .
I remember the first time she showed us around her apartment , in the war - weary city of Grozny , she pointed to a huge shrapnel hole in the wall separating her daughter ’s bedroom from the hallway .
" Check out the new design of the ventilation , " she said .
" I never have time to fix it , so let it stay a part of our interior . "
That was classic Natalia — a single mother and a human rights activist in a place that desperately needed them , she never had time for her own life ; there were too many troubles to report on .
She was a walking fountain of Chechnya ’s sad stories : " I want to tell you a story about this man , a widower who was kidnapped from his house in a mountain village and now is being tortured in jail .
His two little children live with his mother , who is almost 100 years old . "
That was the first thing she told me when we met in Grozny in 2005 .
Many times after that , I would call her to see how things were in Russia ’s forgotten war zone .
Natasha , as we called her , would always quickly reply : " They abduct people by the dozens , they burn their houses , they torture guerrillas ’ relatives , kick people out of their apartments — something has to be done , something has to be done to help them . "
Who are they ?
I would ask her .
" Come over , I will tell you . "
Well , on Tuesday , they came for Natasha .
At 8:30 that morning , as she walked out of her house , she was dragged into an unmarked white Lada , screaming vainly for help .
Just like one of the stories she so doggedly pursued .
And of course , we know how this one ends :
They found her body later that day , in nearby Ingushetia , riddled with bullets .
This , unfortunately , was the Chechnya that she knew all too well , the place of thuggery , violence , and corruption that most of the rest of the world has been content to forget .
Just recently Moscow declared that the war there is over .
Well , it may not be war , but it remains as lawless as a war zone .
Abductions and killings by them are rising .
Until this week , Natasha had a simple rule :
She never gave up her investigations until she knew for certain that nothing else could be done .
That became her practice from an early age , when she was a reporter .
Before the wars started , she had been a history teacher .
Back in the 1990s , when the violence began , she reported 13 documentary stories for local television stations .
" That was when I became a human rights activist at heart .
When my husband died in war , my heart hardened , " she said .
That was all she told me about her personal life ; there was none .
She never liked talking about what happened to her husband .
Ever since 2000 , amidst the horror of the second Chechen war , she worked for the Russian human rights group Memorial .
She reported on filtration camps during the war , and abductions and torture of civilians after the war .
These were haunting stories she found , of widows in burnt and blackened houses , crying relatives , dead bodies .
And in pursuit of the truth about this suffering , she was relentless ; she could make the dead walk if she needed something .
People said that about her .
It was Estemirova who investigated and documented the witnesses who saw air bombings in the Vedensky region in 2004 , where a mother and her children died ; at the time the Russian army officials denied the attacks .
If not for Estemirova ’s efforts , the world would have never heard of it .
It was Estemirova who discovered a mass grave at a construction site in Grozny and put the city authorities " on their ears , " as she said , to do something about the remains .
And it was Estemirova who wrote reports about 50 abducted civilians this year ; many locals blamed the disappearances on forces loyal to Ramzan Kadyrov , the region ’s thuggish young president .
" Ramzan hated her .
It was him who got rid of her , as only death could stop that woman , " Oleg Orlov , Memorial ’s director , told me the night she was killed .
Whenever we arrived to work in Chechnya , Natasha ’s home was our home .
The last time we stayed with her , in 2006 , she lived with her 13 - year - old daughter in a tiny two - bedroom apartment on the top floor of a nine - story building .
She had no tap water and the elevator did not work .
The city water deliveries came to Natasha ’s building at noon , when both Natasha and her daughter were at work or at school .
" It is OK , guys , tonight you take a shower out of a water bottle , " she commanded , and sent us off to buy water and food , as her fridge was totally empty .
" And no complaints , let ’s be happy they do not bomb us , " she said with her natural optimism .
Later that night in her kitchen , we were looking through pictures on a laptop of Mikhail Galustov , a freelance photographer I was working with .
Before coming to Natasha , we had spent two days at Kadyrov ’s residence ; at the time he was Chechnya ’s prime minister and heir apparent after the death of his father , the Kremlin ’s handpicked leader .
The pictures featured Kadyrov showing us around his private zoo : cages with little lions and bears , ostriches running around the garden .
In one series of pictures , Kadyrov was taking his huge dogs out of their cage and baiting them , trying to get them to fight .
" I know what else he uses these dogs for , " Natasha said in a heavy voice .
The story Natasha told us that night was breathtaking .
It was about a teenage boy , a brother of a guerrilla , who had told Natasha that Kadyrov ’s police threatened to put him in that cage with the dogs , so he would tell where his brother was .
Natasha was telling us story after a story that night about Kadyrov ’s methods of " making relatives talk . "
Her face darkened , her big beautiful eyes looked tired .
Two years later , the Chechen president offered Estemirova a position as the head of a civil society advisory commission for the city of Grozny .
She accepted .
It was not in Estimirova ’s character to shut up , though .
Even while advising the government of Kadyrov , she did not stop writing reports for Memorial .
The one about Kadyrov forbidding girls to come to universities without head scarves made him really angry .
In March 2008 , Kadyrov called her to come to a city office and yelled at her .
Estemirova was fired .
He threatened her multiple times , she later told us , but her Memorial friends " decided to keep that out of publicity , as Memorial ’s work in Chechnya would stop the moment we decided otherwise . "
Last summer , Memorial was so worried about Estemirova ’s safety that they had to send her to London and Dublin for a couple months , Orlov , the director , told me .
" Of course she could never stay away from Chechnya for too long .
She was back doing the worst part — abductions , " Orlov said .
This year Natasha ’s calls to Moscow Memorial ’s office sounded especially alarming .
She called every day with her famous line : " Something has to be done . "
And that was just what I was thinking as I wrote this while flying to Natasha ’s funeral in Chechnya .
Something has to be done .
Her body had a bruised face and four bullet holes , two in the chest and two in the head .
The men transforming into female hybrids ( and dab hands at dusting )
Modern women are turning their husbands into ' male - female hybrids ' by ordering them to do a rising number of domestic chores , a relationship counsellor claims .
Women increasingly used to being in charge in the workplace are adopting the same policy at home , telling their men to perform traditional housewives ' tasks such as the laundry , vacuuming and ironing .
As a result men are abandoning their natural manly instincts and becoming hybrids of both sexes , according to a book by relationship expert Francine Kaye .
Yes dear , right away : Men are increasingly being ordered to do household chores by their female partners
Mrs Kaye , who counsels dozens of couples every week , says she is seeing more and more relationship difficulties stem from the way that women treat their other halves .
She claims that women are so used to being bossy and decisive in the office that they end up taking charge when they get home .
Her book , The Divorce Doctor , claims there has been a rise of masculine - like females taking on traditional manly roles at home such as booking holidays , paying the bills and calling the plumber out .
Get to work :
Ms Kaye says husbands are bullied into doing the household chores
Mrs Kaye says many women return from the office and bully their husbands into doing the housework .
She added : ' It 's not entirely our fault , because the demands of the workplace have changed us , and brought out our more masculine side .
' But unfortunately we 're taking that home with us every evening into the domestic sphere , and often bullying our men into submission .
' Many of us are so focused , decisive and assertive , that the only role left for our husbands is one where they comply and let us take charge - traditionally feminine traits .
' But the irony is , we do n't actually want men like that , and we end up eventually resenting them for not being more dominant and fearless . '
ParseKit Framework
Tokenization
The API for tokenization is provided by the PKTokenizer class .
Cocoa developers will be familiar with the NSScanner class provided by the Foundation Framework which provides a similar service .
However , the PKTokenizer class is simpler and more powerful for many use cases .
Example usage :
NSString *s = @ " \" It 's 123 blast - off ! \ " , she said , // watch out !
" @ " and <= 3.5 ' ticks ' later /* wince */ , it 's blast - off ! " ; PKTokenizer *t = [ PKTokenizer tokenizerWithString:s ] ; PKToken * eof = [ PKToken EOFToken ] ; PKToken * tok = nil ; while ( ( tok = [t nextToken ] ) != eof ) { NSLog ( @ " ( % @ ) " , tok ) ; }
outputs :
( " It 's 123 blast - off ! " ) ( , ) ( she ) ( said ) ( , ) ( and ) ( < = ) ( 3.5 ) ( ' ticks ' ) ( later ) ( , ) ( it's ) ( blast - off ) (!)
Each token produced is an object of class PKToken .
PKToken s have a tokenType ( Word , Symbol , Number , QuotedString , etc. ) and both a stringValue and a floatValue .
More information about a token can be easily discovered using the - debugDescription method instead of the default - description .
Replace the line containing NSLog above with this line :
NSLog ( @ " %@ " , [ tok debugDescription ] ) ;
and each token ’s type will be printed as well :
< Quoted String « " It 's 123 blast - off ! " »> < Symbol « , »> < Word « she » > < Word « said » > < Symbol « , »> < Word « and » > < Symbol «<= »> < Number « 3.5 » > < Quoted String «' ticks ' »>
< Word « later » > < Symbol « , »> < Word « it's » >
< Word « blast - off » > < Symbol «! »>
As you can see from the output , PKTokenzier is configured by default to properly group characters into tokens including :
single - and double - quoted string tokens
common multiple character symbols ( <= )
) apostrophes , dashes and other symbol chars that should not signal the start of a new Symbol token , but rather be included in the current Word or Number token ( it 's , blast - off , 3.5 )
, , ) silently ignoring C - and C++- style comments
silently ignoring whitespace
The PKTokenizer class is very flexible , and all of those features are configurable .
PKTokenizer may be configured to :
recognize more ( or fewer ) multi-char symbols .
ex : [ t.symbolState add:@ " != " ] ; allows != to be recognized as a single Symbol token rather than two adjacent Symbol tokens
add new internal symbol chars to be included in the current Word token OR recognize internal symbols like apostrophe and dash to actually signal a new Symbol token rather than being part of the current Word token .
ex : [ t.wordState setWordChars : YES from :'_ ' to :'_ ' ] ; allows
Word tokens to contain internal underscores [ t.wordState setWordChars : NO from :'-' to :'-' ] ; disallows
Word tokens from containing internal dashes .
token OR recognize internal symbols like apostrophe and dash to actually signal a new token rather than being part of the current Word token .
ex : change which chars signal the start of a token of any given type .
e.g. : [t setTokenizerState :t.wordState from :'_ ' to :'_ ' ] ; allows
Word tokens to start with underscore [ t setTokenizer State :t.quoteState from :'*' to :'*' ] ; allows Quoted String tokens to start with an asterisk , effectively making * a new quote symbol ( like " or ' )
turn off recognition of single - line “ slash - slash ” ( // ) comments .
ex : [t setTokenizerState:t.symbolState from :'/' to :'/' ] ; slash chars now produce individual Symbol tokens rather than causing the tokenizer to strip text until the next newline char or begin striping for a multiline comment if appropriate ( /* )
) comments .
ex : turn on recognition of “ hash ” ( # ) single - line comments .
ex : [t setTokenizerState:t.commentState from :'# ' to :'# ' ] ; [ t.commentState addSingleLineStartSymbol:@ " # " ] ;
) single - line comments .
ex : turn on recognition of “ XML / HTML ” ( ) multi-line comments .
ex : [t setTokenizerState:t.commentState from :'<' to :'<' ] ; [ t.commentState addMultiLineStartSymbol:@ " " ] ;
) multi-line comments .
ex : report ( rather than silently consume ) Comment tokens .
ex : t.commentState.reportsCommentTokens = YES ; // default is NO
report ( rather than silently consume ) Whitespace tokens .
ex : t.whitespaceState.reportsWhitespaceTokens = YES ; // default is NO
turn on recognition of any characters ( say , digits ) as whitespace to be silently ignored .
ex : [t setTokenizerState :t.whitespaceState from : '0 ' to : ' 9 ' ] ;
Parsing
ParseKit also includes a collection of token parser subclasses ( of the abstract PKParser class ) including collection parsers such as PKAlternation , PKSequence , and PKRepetition as well as terminal parsers including PKWord , PKNum , PKSymbol , PKQuotedString , etc .
Also included are parser subclasses which work in individual chars such as PKChar , PKDigit , and PKSpecificChar .
These char parsers are useful for things like RegEx parsing .
Generally speaking though , the token parsers will be more useful and interesting .
The parser classes represent a Composite pattern .
Programs can build a composite parser , in Objective - C ( rather than a separate language like with lex&yacc ) , from a collection of terminal parsers composed into alternations , sequences , and repetitions to represent an infinite number of languages .
Parsers built from ParseKit are non-deterministic , recursive descent parsers , which basically means they trade some performance for ease of user programming and simplicity of implementation .
Here is an example of how one might build a parser for a simple voice - search command language ( note : ParseKit does not include any kind of speech recognition technology ) .
The language consists of :
search google for ?
... [ self parseString : @" search google ' iphone ' " ] ; ... - ( void ) parseString :( NSString *) s { PKSequence * parser = [ PKSequence sequence ] ; [ parser add : [ [ PKLiteral literal WithString : @" search " ] discard ] ] ; [ parser add : [ [ PKLiteral literalWithString : @" google " ] discard ] ] ; PKAlternation * optionalFor = [ PKAlternation alternation ] ; [ optionalFor add : [ PKEmpty empty ] ] ; [ optionalFor add : [ PKLiteral literalWithString : @" for " ] ] ; [ parser add : [ optionalFor discard ] ] ; PKParser * searchTerm = [ PKQuotedString quotedString ] ; [ searchTerm setAssembler:self selector:@selector(workOnSearchTermAssembly : ) ] ; [ parser add:searchTerm ] ; PKAssembly * result = [ parser bestMatchFor : [ PKTokenAssembly assmeblyWithString :s ] ] ; NSLog ( @ " %@ " , result ) ; // output : // [ ' iphone '] search / google /'iphone '^ } ... - ( void) workOnSearchTermAssembly :( PKAssembly *) a { PKToken *t = [ a pop ] ; // a QuotedString token with a stringValue of ' iphone ' [ self doGoogleSearchForTerm:t.stringValue ] ; }
Appcelerator Titanium platform beta has been released with new mobile functionality that allows developers to use the Web capabilities they already have to develop rich applications for both iPhone and Android mobile devices .
“ The smartphone market is set to grow by a CAGR of 19.5 % through to 2014 and smartphones will account for 29 % of the total global handset market .
This represents a huge opportunity for both mobile and web application developers to address this rapidly growing market , ” said Adam Leach , principal analyst with Ovum .
With the introduction of Titanium beta , Web developers that lack Objective - C or Java knowledge — the two languages currently required for iPhone and Android development — can still create native apps quickly and easily using the JavaScript , HTML and CSS knowledge they already have .
Apps made with Titanium look , function and perform as fully native apps with native UI components , native code compilation , and native access to the device ’s storage , multimedia , input , and geo-location APIs .
“ Consumers are devouring mobile applications as fast as developers can create them , but the real mobile tidal wave will hit when millions of Web developers are able to write mobile applications without having to learn a new programming language , ” said Jeff Haynie , CEO of Appcelerator .
“ Our commitment is to ensure that Web developers are in the driver ’s seat when it comes to taking advantage of these new market opportunities . ”
Titanium is licensed under Apache Public License v2 .
You can download Titanium beta for Mac , Windows and Linux .
WASHINGTON --
House approval of an education - financing bill Thursday marks a first step toward sweeping changes in U.S. higher education that would cut out private lenders and leave the government as sole provider of student loans under federal programs .
The bill , which passed on a largely party - line 253- 171 vote , would save taxpayers $ 87 ...
We ’ve all heard the phrase equal pay for equal work . 
Many of those who habitually repeat this mantra may not realize that it is simply a variation of the discredited labor theory of value ( LTV ) , which is generally associated with Marxian economics .
According to the LTV , the value of a product is related to the labor needed to produce it .
The LTV prevailed in classical economics until the Marginal Revolution in the late 1800s .
The marginalists proved that value is not the result of a product ’s inputs , but the result of the subjective judgment of individuals .
Unfortunately , it was the convoluted logic of the LTV that led President Obama to sign the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act on January 29 .
The Ledbetter Act changes the statutory limitations period to sue an employer from 180 days from the date on which the employee ’s pay was agreed on to 180 days from the issue of each new discriminatory  paycheck .
To better understand the implications of the laws prohibiting discriminatory pay , let us examine the nature of the relationship between an employer and an employee .
Despite rhetoric to the contrary , jobs are not the property of the employee .
Unions will state that the positions which they hold are their jobs ; protectionist anti— free - traders will claim that immigrants are stealing  American jobs . 
The fact is that the job is the property of the employer .
There is a very simple way to logically prove this fact .
If an employee worked for a single individual and that individual died would the employee still receive remuneration ?
Would the employee still have a job ?
Of course not ; the job has died with the employer .
But if , on the other hand , the employee died , the job would still exist .
Labor Economics from a ...
Walter Block Best Price : $ 26.47 Buy New $ 65.00 ( as of 08:30 EST - Details )
Employment is a contract between an employer and an employee .
Thus , laws prohibiting discriminatory pay are an infringement on private contracts .
Laws that infringe contracts are a violation of the U.S. Constitution : the Ninth Amendment states that rights not enumerated elsewhere in the Constitution , such as freedom of contract , are still retained by the people , and Article I , Section 10 , prohibits state governments from impairing the obligation of contracts . 
Freedom of contract — the ability of individuals to bargain freely without government interference — is the bedrock of a free - market economy and was a fundamental part of American legal doctrine until the late 1930s .
In Adkins v. Children ’s Hospital ( 1923 ) , the Supreme Court rejected federally mandated minimum - wage laws as a violation of the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments .
Unfortunately , the Supreme Court , under pressure from President Roosevelt , reversed course in 1937 in West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish in which it overturned Adkins .
Another common misconception about employment is that the employer is buying the employee ’s labor .
However , the employer is not buying the employee ’s labor per se ; he is buying the employee ’s productive ability .
In general , the goal of a businessman is to maximize production while minimizing cost , thereby maximizing revenue and profits .
That is the reason that machines have replaced so much of human labor ; machines are more productive , cost less , and free up people to do jobs that machines cannot do .
Thus , discrepancies in pay are not always due to discrimination , but to the perception , real or otherwise , that one employee is more productive than another .
The unintended consequence of the laws prohibiting discriminatory pay is that they , like minimum - wage laws , will harm the people that they are intended to help .
In a free society , individuals enter into contracts of their own accord with the assumption that the contract will benefit them .
Government interference in private contracts prevents this process from taking place , hindering the individual ’s ability to improve his standard of living and usurping control over his life .
By mandating equal pay , the government erases the competitive advantage of those people who are willing to take less pay .
In addition , employers are less willing to hire employees who they believe could subject them to increased liability .
Thus , instead of equalizing pay between men and women , the Ledbetter Act will lead to higher unemployment rates among women .
The Ledbetter Act is aimed at equality .
But individuals are not equal .
We all have different talents , resources , interests , abilities , educations , and backgrounds .
In a free market , individual persons can find the niche in which they can exploit their talents to mold their lives in the way that they wish .
Far from encouraging discrimination , the free market leads to social harmony as people view each other not as members of disparate groups with hostile intentions , but instead as individuals providing products and services that improve one another ’s lives .
Far from being a panacea that promotes fairness and prohibits discrimination , the Ledbetter Act and laws like it promote resentment and social strife and undermine individual liberty .
Most ominously , they are a recipe for government oppression .
As the Nobel Prize - winning economist F.A. Hayek said ,  A claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers . 
The Best of Glenn Jacobs
The Toronto Star is reporting that a deal has been struck between Fox and the original voice - cast of Futurama , after a tense negotiation that saw the company threaten to re-cast all the roles .
At this moment there 's been no official statement from Fox ( and many of the showbiz trades have been silent on the news so far ) , but the Star has a joint statement from Futurama masterminds David X. Cohen and Matt Groening , who say , " We are thrilled to have our incredible cast back .
The call has already gone out to the animators to put the mouths back on the characters . "
So this news appears to be , if not " official , " then at least official enough to celebrate .
Advertisement
President Barack Obama on Friday acknowledged that some Americans do n’t like him because of the color of his skin -- but argued that the vast majority of his political opponents simply disagree with him on the merits of the issues .
Obama :
It 's ( mostly ) not about race
President Barack Obama on Friday acknowledged that some Americans do n’t like him because of the color of his skin — but argued that the vast majority of his political opponents simply disagree with him on the merits of the issues .
He offered that same answer – virtually word for word — to questions about race posed by some of the five Sunday show anchors he sat down with Friday at the White House .
Advertisement
To George Stephanopoulos of ABC ’s “ This Week , ” Obama said , “ Are there some people who do n’t like me because of my race ?
I ’m sure there are .
Are there some people who voted for me only because of my race ?
There are probably some of those too . ”
To John King of CNN ’s “ State of the Union , ” he said : “ Are there people out there who do n't like me because of race ?
I 'm sure there are .
That 's not the overriding issue here .
I think there are people who are anti-government . ”
And to David Gregory of NBC ’s “ Meet the Press , ” he said : “ Look , I said during the campaign , are there some people who still think through the prism of race when it comes to evaluating me and my candidacy ?
Absolutely .
Sometimes they vote for me for that reason .
Sometimes they vote against me for that reason .
I ’m sure that was true during the campaign .
I ’m sure that ’s true now . ”
Obama has long sought to steer clear of racial issues , both in his candidacy and in the White House , but the issue was raised this week by former President Jimmy Carter , who said Tuesday that there ’s “ an inherent feeling among many in this country that an African - American should not be president , ” and that that feeling drives some of the anti-Obama dissent .
In the interviews , Obama rejected Carter ’s argument that most of the opposition is racially based .
The five television networks that interviewed Obama Friday are allowed to use one sound - bite – and one sound - bite only – in their newscasts this evening and in their Sunday show promos this weekend .
CBS and Univision also took part of the interviews .
In the interviews , however , Obama sought to portray the opposition as a true difference of opinion about the role of government
“ I think that what ’s driving passions tight now is that health care has become a proxy for a broader set of issues about how much government should be involved in the economy .
Even though we ’re having a passionate disagreement here , we can be civil to each other .
And we can try to express ourselves acknowledging that we ’re all patriots , we ’re all Americans , and not assume the absolute worst in people ’s motives , ” Obama told Bob Schieffer , host of CBS ’s “ Face the Nation . ”
“ I do think that part of what ’s different today is the 24 hours news cycle .
And cable television and blogs and all this – they focus on the most extreme elements on both sides .
They ca n’t get enough of conflict .
It ’s catnip to the media right now .
So the easiest way to get 15 minutes of fame is to be rude to somebody , ” Obama added .
He told Stephanopoulos , “ Now there are some who are , setting aside the issue of race , actually I think are more passionate about the idea of whether government can do anything right .
And I think that that ’s probably the biggest driver of some of the vitriol . "
With King , Obama sought to place himself in the company of past presidents who have faced scrutiny .
“ I mean , the things that were said about FDR are pretty similar to the things that were said about me , that he was a communist , he was a socialist , ” Obama said .
“ Things that were said about Ronald Reagan when he was trying to reverse some of the New Deal programs , you know , were -- were pretty vicious , as well . ”
And after Gregory himself raised the question of how much of the criticism of Obama was driven by the left vs. right argument over the role of government , Obama agreed .
“ I think you actually put your finger on what this argument ’s really about , and it ’s an argument that ’s gone on for the history of this republic , and that is , what ’s the right role of government ?
How do we balance freedom with our need to look after one another ?
. . .
This is not a new argument and it always invokes passions . ”
Games Smile .
Smile .
Smile .
Rabbids Go Home
Guaranteed Laughter with these " Animals "
Plot
The Rabbids are finally getting tired of partying and decide that they want to go home .
However , clueless of where they came from in the first place , the Rabbids decide to go to the moon .
Two Rabbids start this journey by going on a quest to build a giant tower of junk to get to the moon .
More Information at Rabbids Go Home is an upcoming action - adventure platform video game under development by Ubisoft Montpellier and published by Ubisoft .
It 's the latest installment in the Rabbids - spinoff series which started off with Rayman Raving Rabbids , however this installment does n't feature Rayman and will be the first game in the Rabbids series without him .
It will be released for the 2009 Christmas season .
In a recent interview , the game director , Jacques Exertier has confirmed that Rayman will return for more action - adventure video games .
The Rabbids are finally getting tired of partying and decide that they want to go home .
However , clueless of where they came from in the first place , the Rabbids decide to go to the moon .
Two Rabbids start this journey by going on a quest to build a giant tower of junk to get to the moon .
More Information at www.ubi.com .
Image and Videos Courtesy of Ubisoft .
Video Montage : 3Dup.com
Views : 2,480 | : 2,480 | Refers : 0 | Prints : 157 | Rate : 0.00 / 0 Votes Posts : 0 ]
Tony Blair was aware of the ­existence of a secret interrogation policy which ­effectively led to British citizens , and others , being ­tortured during ­counter - terrorism investigations , the Guardian can reveal .
The policy , devised in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks , offered ­guidance to MI5 and MI6 officers ­questioning detainees in Afghanistan who they knew were being mistreated by the US military .
British intelligence officers were given written instructions that they could not " be seen to condone " torture and that they must not " engage in any activity yourself that involves inhumane or degrading treatment of prisoners " .
But they were also told they were not under any obligation to intervene to prevent detainees from being mistreated .
" Given that they are not within our ­custody or control , the law does not require you to intervene to prevent this , " the policy said .
The policy almost certainly breaches international human rights law , according to Philippe Sands QC , one of the world 's leading experts in the field , because it takes no account of Britain 's obligations to avoid complicity in torture under the UN convention against torture .
Despite this , the secret policy went on to underpin British intelligence 's ­relationships with a number of foreign intelligence agencies which had become the UK 's allies in the " war against terror " .
The policy was set out in written instructions sent to MI5 and MI6 officers in January 2002 , which told them they might consider complaining to US officials about the mistreatment of detainees " if circumstances allow " .
Blair indicated his awareness of the existence of the policy in the middle of 2004 , a few weeks after publication of photographs depicting the abuse of detainees at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq .
It was around this time , David ­Miliband , the foreign secretary , told MPs on ­Tuesday , that the policy was changed , becoming more " comprehensive and formal " .
In a letter to the intelligence and ­security committee ( ISC ) , the group of MPs and peers that provides political ­oversight of the UK 's security and ­intelligence ­services , on May 24 2004 , Blair said that rather than considering making a ­complaint , " UK intelligence personnel interviewing or witnessing the interviews of detainees are instructed to report if they believe detainees are being treated in an inhumane or degrading way " .
The Guardian has learned from a ­reliable source that MI5 officers are now instructed that if a detainee tells them that he or she is being tortured they should never return to question that person .
It remains unclear what Blair knew of the policy 's consequences .
The Guardian has repeatedly asked him what role he played in approving the policy , whether he was aware that it had led to people being tortured , and whether he made any attempt to change it .
His spokesman said : " It is completely untrue that Mr Blair has ever authorised the use of torture .
He is opposed to it in all circumstances .
Neither has he ever been complicit in the use of torture .
" For the record , also , Mr Blair believes that our security services do a superb job of protecting our country in difficult ­circumstances and that it is not surprising following the attacks of September 11 2001 that there was a heightened sense of the dangers the country faced from terrorism .
None of this amounts to condoning the use of torture . "
When the Guardian pointed out to Blair that it had not suggested he had authorised the use of torture , but had asked whether he had played any role in the approval of a policy that led to people being tortured , his spokesman replied : " Tony Blair does not condone torture , has never authorised it nor colluded in it at any time . "
But there is growing evidence of MI5's ­collusion in the torture of British ­terrorism suspects in Pakistan , where officers of the Inter - Services Intelligence ­directorate ( ISI ) , an agency whose routine use of ­torture has been widely documented , were asked by MI5 to detain British ­citizens and put questions to them prior to an ­interrogation by MI5 officers .
Two high court judges say they have seen " powerful evidence " of the torture of Binyam Mohamed , the British ­resident who returned from Guantánamo Bay in February , before he was questioned by an MI5 officer in May 2002 .
In a separate case , a court has heard that MI5 and Greater Manchester police drew up a list of questions to be put to another man , Rangzieb Ahmed , who was detained by the ISI in August 2006 , despite having reason to believe that he was in danger of being tortured .
By the time Ahmed was deported to the UK after a lengthy period of unlawful detention three of his ­fingernails were missing .
Several other men have come forward to say they were questioned by British intelligence officers after suffering brutal torture at the hands of Pakistani agents , and there have been similar allegations of British collusion in the torture of ­British citizens in Egypt , Bangladesh and the United Arab Emirates .
While a small number of the victims were subsequently tried and convicted in the UK , most were released without charge .
International concern about ­Britain 's involvement in torture has been ­mounting for some time .
In February Martin Scheinin , a UN special rapporteur on human rights , reported that British intelligence ­personnel had " interviewed detainees who were held incommunicado by the Pakistani ISI in so - called safe houses , where they were being tortured " .
Scheinin added that this " can be ­reasonably understood as implicitly condoning torture . "
In March , after the Guardian disclosed the existence of the interrogation policy , and reported on the growing number of allegations of British collusion in torture , Gordon Brown announced that the policy was to be rewritten by the ISC .
In what was seen at Westminster as an acknowledgement that the secret policy had been open to abuse , Brown also pledged that the rewritten policy would be made public and that a former appeal court judge would monitor the ­intelligence agencies ' compliance with it , and report to the prime minister each year .
On Tuesday Miliband said the existing policy , as amended in 2004 , would not be published .
But the discovery that Blair was aware of the secret interrogation policy appears certain to fuel the growing demand for an independent inquiry into aspects of the UK 's role in torture and rendition .
So far , those who have called for such an inquiry include the Conservative and Liberal ­Democrat leaders David ­Cameron and Nick Clegg ; Ken Macdonald , a former director of public prosecutions ; Lord ­Carlile of Berriew , the government 's ­independent reviewer of counter - ­terrorism ­legislation ; Lord Howe , who was foreign secretary between 1983 and 1989 in the Thatcher government ; and Lord Guthrie , a former chief of defence staff .
INTERPRETER : Yes , of course .
I understand .
DIRECTOR : Mr. Bob-san .
You are sitting quietly in your study .
And then there is a bottle of Suntory whiskey on top of the table .
You understand , right ?
With wholehearted feeling , slowly , look at the camera , tenderly , and as if you are meeting old friends , say the words .
As if you are Bogie in '' Casablanca , '' saying , '' Cheers to you guys , '' Suntory time !
INTERPRETER :
He wants you to turn , look in camera .
O.K.?
BOB : That 's all he said ?
INTERPRETER : Yes , turn to camera .
BOB : Does he want me to , to turn from the right or turn from the left ?
INTERPRETER ( in very formal Japanese to the director ) : He has prepared and is ready .
And he wants to know , when the camera rolls , would you prefer that he turn to the left , or would you prefer that he turn to the right ?
And that is the kind of thing he would like to know , if you do n't mind .
DIRECTOR ( very brusquely , and in much more colloquial Japanese ) : Either way is fine .
That kind of thing does n't matter .
We do n't have time , Bob-san , O.K . ?
You need to hurry .
Raise the tension .
Look at the camera .
Slowly , with passion .
It 's passion that we want .
Do you understand ?
INTERPRETER ( In English , to Bob ) : Right side .
And , uh , with intensity .
BOB : Is that everything ?
It seemed like he said quite a bit more than that .
What the Fed Does n’t Want You To Know About U.S. Debt
The Fed ’s FOMC announcement came out …
We got exactly what I expected , a kind of wishy - washy , “ hedging our bets ” statement from the Fed .
You have to remember that Bernanke was Greenspan ’s right hand man for much of the bubble days of the ‘ 90s and early ‘00s , so the guy is an expert at walking both sides of the line when it comes to policy and public statements .
For instance , the Fed announced it would keep interest rates between 0 % and 0.25 % for an “ extended period . ”
No surprise there .
As I ’ve noted previously , 80 % + of the $ 200 + trillion in derivatives sitting on US commercial banks ’ balance sheets are related to interest rates .
For the Fed to hint at raising rates ( let alone raise them ) would kick off a systemic implosion that would wipe out the very guys the Fed has been bailing out .
Suffice to say the Fed wo n’t be raising interest rates now or anytime too soon ( within the next 3 - 5 years , unless inflation destroys the dollar ) .
The Fed also announced it would be slowing its purchase of Mortgage - Backed Securities ( what I call the Fed ’s “ cash for trash ” program ) .
The Fed has stated previously that it will buy $ 1.45 trillion in mortgage - backed securities from US banks and that this program will end by the end of 2009 .
However , last week the Fed said it will be extending the program ( but not the amount of money spent ) until the first quarter 2010 .
Again , this is not much of a surprise .
The Fed performed a similar act with its Quantitative Easing Program ( extending but not increasing the amount ) .
However , given the increasing public outcry about the Fed ’s balance sheet , this issue of buying toxic debt ( and the mortgage backed securities the Fed is buying are nothing if not that ) may become a hot topic in the near future .
If there is ever a successful audit of the Fed ’s balance sheet kiss the big banks ’ equity good - bye ( and share prices ) goodbye .
The Fed DID announce that it would let its Quantitative Easing program end in October .
If you ’re not familiar with this program , it ’s basically a fancy way of saying that the Fed has been buying US debt in order to finance Obama et al ’s massive deficit .
This particular development is key .
A little known fact ( and one totally ignored by the mainstream media ) is that the Fed accounted for nearly HALF of all Treasury purchases in the second quarter ( $ 164 billion out of $ 339 billion ) .
In fact , the Fed bought more Treasuries than the next three largest purchasers combined !!
The Fed ’s purchases outnumber foreign holders ( foreign governments ) , US household , and Primary Dealers ( mega banks ) COMBINED .
One should also note that Foreign holders reduced their purchases of US debt from $ 159 billion in 1Q09 to $ 101 billion in 2Q09 ( a 40 % DECREASE ) .
To read the below chart , you need to know that SOMA refers to the Fed .
In simple terms , these numbers indicate that if it were not for the Fed , the US Treasury market would have almost assuredly had numerous failed auctions in the second quarter .
It also shows us that foreign holders ( China , Japan , etc ) are reducing their purchases of US debt at an incredible rate .
This tells us two things :
China and pals are putting their money where their mouths are : refusing to service our debt as they did in the past Treasuries will have to become a LOT more attractive ( higher yields ) for foreign investors to start buying again
I ’ve often stated that the Fed will have to sacrifice stocks or the US dollar .
If the Fed does in fact end Quantitative Easing in October ( as it has stated it will in last week ’s FOMC ) , then we ’ll see what the market REALLY thinks of US debt as an investment class .
It ’s clear from the above data that foreign holders want higher rates ( yields ) in order for them to start buying more heavily .
However , as I ’ve stated before , the Fed CANNOT afford higher interest rates without blowing up US banks .
Keep your eyes on the Treasury market going forward .
This could very well be the next major crisis brewing .
It will certainly be our first taste of how a market operates without life support courtesy of the Fed .
I ’m guessing the results wo n’t be pretty .
Indeed , I ’ve put together a FREE Special Report detailing THREE investments that will explode when stocks start to collapse .
I call it Financial Crisis “ Round Two ” Survival Kit .
These investments will not only protect your portfolio from the coming carnage , they ’ll also show you enormous profits : they returned 12 % , 42 % , and 153 % last time stocks collapsed .
Swing by www.gainspainscapital.com/roundtwo.html to pick up a FREE copy today !
Good Investing !
Graham Summers
http://gainspainscapital.com
Graham Summers : Graham is Senior Market Strategist at OmniSans Research .
He is co-editor of Gain , Pains , and Capital , OmniSans Research ’s FREE daily e-letter covering the equity , commodity , currency , and real estate markets .
Graham also writes Private Wealth Advisory , a monthly investment advisory focusing on the most lucrative investment opportunities the financial markets have to offer .
Graham understands the big picture from both a macro-economic and capital in / outflow perspective .
He translates his understanding into finding trends and undervalued investment opportunities months before the markets catch on : the Private Wealth Advisory portfolio has outperformed the S&P 500 three of the last five years , including a 7 % return in 2008 vs. a 37 % loss for the S&P 500 .
Previously , Graham worked as a Senior Financial Analyst covering global markets for several investment firms in the Mid-Atlantic region .
He ’s lived and performed research in Europe , Asia , the Middle East , and the United States .
© 2009 Copyright Graham Summers - All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
Graham Summers Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
The growing number who have committed suicide to escape the shame has attracted concern but less attention has been paid to farmers handing wives and daughters to prostitution .
Sangeeta , a farmer 's wife from the Bundelkhand area , which straddles Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh and has been particularly hard hit , told campaigners how her husband had sold her to a pimp for one month to raise 2,500 rupees ( £ 31 ) to settle a debt .
The 10:10 campaign supported by the Guardian resonates because of its simplicity .
It suggests that wealthy western consumers who make modest , personal commitments to the fight against climate change are making a real difference .
We 're saving the world , one insulated loft at a time .
That , very unfortunately , is misleading and the numbers tell us why .
Here in the developed world , we produce an average of 12 tonnes of CO 2 per person per year .
Though that figure has risen in the last three decades , it has done so fairly slowly .
Meanwhile , the number of us actually living in the developed world is also hovering at a fairly static level .
Where that stasis gets interesting is when we look at the developing world by comparison .
For " developing world " I am taking the most frequently used definition : all nations in Africa , Latin America and the Caribbean , Asia ( except Japan ) and Melanesia , Micronesia and Polynesia .
Since 1996 , the average per-person emissions across that vast section of the planet has ballooned from two tonnes per person per year to a whisker shy of four tonnes .
So , while the UK 's contribution has shrunk by 1 % and that of the US has increased by only ( only ! )
7 % , China 's has more than doubled .
India 's has grown by 55 % .
Where those numbers get scary , if they were n't already , is when you put them next to the population projections .
In 2000 , 42 % of the population of the least developed nations on earth was aged under 15 – more than twice the proportion of kids in developed nations .
That 's why it only took us 12 years to get from a global population of 5 bn to one of 6bn .
In fact , the LSE 's survey of population growth in the developing world forecasts the 8bn mark will be hit around 2040 .
Those 2bn newcomers will not be living in Canada or New Zealand or Norway .
Already 80 % of the world 's population lives in the developing world and , of the 78 m newcomers to the world last year , 97 % were from those regions .
It 's when we look at those numbers – the spiralling emissions and ballooning populations – then set them against Britain , with our tiny ( 2 % ) contribution to the world 's emissions , that those hours spent up a ladder pulling insulation splinters out of my thumbs seem suddenly a little more pointless .
This is n't new news .
Environmentalists , Jonathan Porritt among them , have long drawn a link between population growth and climate change .
Unfortunately ( because I 'm able to change my lightbulbs but I 'm less able to influence average family size in Mumbai ) the green debate has largely averted its gaze from that over which it has no influence .
So , emissions cuts in the developing world must be the answer .
This surely requires , if only to demonstrate that we 're making sacrifices too , western output to be cut even more sharply .
That , somehow , is the easy bit , because unless the developing world comes with us on that journey , it will be a painful , expensive walk into climate oblivion .
Except ( and here 's the tricky bit ) forcing them to cut emissions throws up some questions we really do n't want to ask .
In a generation , in China alone , 500 million people have been dragged out of severe poverty .
They have been given access to food , clean water , shelter , medicine .
The basic infrastructure of modern life .
To them , those two dirty coal - fired power plants opening every week is n't a disaster , it 's an opportunity for a better life .
It means schools and hospitals and roads .
To them , like it or not , climate change saves lives .
The choice seems bleak .
A cut in developing world emissions would mean the slashing of the already fragile safety - net of development being placed underneath an enormous number of people .
But failure to act would be to abandon the climate , perhaps irreversibly .
It 's not an easy choice .
To encourage those nations to cut their emissions , we can pump money and expertise into the developing world on an unparalleled scale .
We can give those nations preferential trade agreements to prop up their economies without them having to resort to the pile - em - high - and - sell - em - cheap model which demands quick and dirty industrialisation .
We will need to .
Ultimately , though , we cannot afford to accept " no " as the answer .
10:10 will fail if it becomes little more than a hobby for those on the wealthy , western left .
If , though , it can provide real momentum behind the call for governments to engage seriously with the true issues at the heart of climate change , the population time - bomb chief among them , then perhaps my buying an energy - saving boiler was n't quite such an empty gesture after all .
• To sign up to 10:10 go to www.1010uk.org
“ I was terrified my wife and daughter would have to live on the street , ” Mr. Coronel said .
Labor Secretary Hilda Solis said : “ Obviously , some of our states were in a pickle .
The system was n’t prepared to deal with the enormity of the calls coming in . ”
The program ’s problems , though well known , were brushed aside when unemployment was low .
“ The unemployment insurance system before the recession was as vulnerable as New Orleans was before Katrina , ” said Representative Jim McDermott , Democrat of Washington , who is chairman of a House panel with authority over the program .
Now the number of unemployed Americans has doubled since 2007 to 15 million and the program is more than tripling in size .
About 9.5 million people are collecting benefits , up from about 2.5 million two years ago .
Spending is expected to reach nearly $ 100 billion this year , about triple what it was two years ago .
Given how suddenly the workload has increased , some analysts say the delays might have been even worse .
“ Payments are later than they should be , and later than they used to be , but states have been overwhelmed , ” said Rich Hobbie , director of the National Association of State Workforce Agencies , which represents the program ’s administrators .
“ Considering the significant problems in the program , unemployment is responding well . ”
The recovery act passed in February provided states an additional $ 500 million for administration .
It also suspended interest payments through 2011 for states paying benefits with federal loans .
Unemployment insurance began as a New Deal effort with dual goals : to sustain idled workers and stimulate weak economies .
States finance benefits by taxing employers , typically building surpluses in good times to cover payments in bad .
'' I 've worked my entire life to build this restaurant and being able to have the notoriety of Guinness makes it just that bit more rewarding . ''
The researchers behind the breakthrough now say that they plan to test the mediation on humans , but warn it could be another 10 years before the product is on the market .
Pepper Spray–Equipped ATMs
South Africa takes its security seriously .
Here ’s an ATM that automatically squirts pepper spray into the face of “ people tampering with the card slots . ”
Sounds cool , but these kinds of things are all about false positives :
But the mechanism backfired in one incident last week when pepper spray was inadvertently inhaled by three technicians who required treatment from paramedics .
Patrick Wadula , spokesman for the Absa bank , which is piloting the scheme , told the Mail & Guardian Online : “ During a routine maintenance check at an Absa ATM in Fish Hoek , the pepper spray device was accidentally activated .
“ At the time there were no customers using the ATM .
However , the spray spread into the shopping centre where the ATMs are situated . ”
Posted on July 17 , 2009 at 1:04 PM •
An Orange County lawmaker who inadvertently broadcast explicit remarks about his sexual conquests over an open microphone abruptly resigned from office Wednesday after legislative leaders stripped him of his committee posts and launched an ethics probe of his actions .
Assemblyman Michael Duvall ( R - Yorba Linda ) , whose remarks were videotaped in July during a lull in a Sacramento hearing , stepped down less than 24 hours after the tape spread online Tuesday night .
In the video , the married family - values crusader from Yorba Linda talks in graphic detail about women he said he slept with -- at least one of whom appeared to be a lobbyist with business before the utilities committee on which Duvall sat as vice chairman .
“ I am deeply saddened that my inappropriate comments have become a major distraction for my colleagues in the Assembly , ” Duvall said in a written statement Wednesday afternoon .
“ It would not be fair to my family , my constituents or to my friends on both sides of the aisle to remain in office .
Therefore , I have decided to resign . ”
Advertisement
The sudden scandal was one more bruise for Sacramento as it lurches toward Friday , the end of a particularly unproductive legislative year , with unfinished work on such major issues as the prison crisis and the state ’s wobbly water infrastructure .
And the speed with which Duvall was pushed out the door was small comfort to Capitol - watchers who say the case shows the persistence of anything - goes behavior in the Legislature .
“ The use of sexual favors is just one more example of the tactics that energy companies and lobbyists have used to win favorable laws from lawmakers , ” said Kathay Feng , president of California Common Cause .
As TV camera crews chased lawmakers through Capitol corridors for comment on the scandal Wednesday , the place was abuzz with gossip : other lawmakers with lobbyist mistresses , inappropriate invitations to romantic dinners , married legislators and industry officials canoodling at fundraisers and after - hours mixers .
Advertisement
Duvall , some said , just happened to get caught .
His remarks were videotaped during a July hearing of the Assembly Appropriations Committee and aired on a KCAL television news program Tuesday night .
In the video , the socially conservative Duvall tells fellow Assemblyman Jeff Miller ( R - Corona ) in uninhibited detail about trysts with two women , neither his wife .
The KCAL report says one of the women is a lobbyist for a major utility with business before Duvall ’s committee .
In the video , Duvall says her birthday is July 6 .
That matches the birth date of a Sacramento lobbyist for the San Diego - based energy firm Sempra .
Sempra issued a written statement saying that it is investigating the matter , but that its “ employee has denied the speculative media reports . ”
Advertisement
On the tape , Duvall describes the “ little eye - patch underwear ” worn by one of the women .
He refers to the age gap between her and him , after a recent birthday made them 18 years apart .
“ Now , you ’re getting old , man , I am going to have to trade you in , ” he said he told her .
And he mentions a second woman , in less detail .
“ Cher , Shar , Shar -- oh , she is hot .
I talked to her yesterday .
She goes , ‘ So are we finished ? ’ ” Duvall says , adding that he replied no .
He continues : “ And I go , ‘ You know about the other one , but the other one does n’t know about you . ’ ”
The Capitol Resource Institute , a conservative , self - described “ pro-family ” advocacy organization that had given Duvall a 100 % score for his voting record on issues of concern to the group , denounced the lawmaker in a statement .
Advertisement
“ It is always disappointing when a champion of traditional values does not practice the same in his private life , ” said Karen England , executive director of the institute .
Some GOP leaders were relieved by the resignation .
“ Sticking around for a while would have just prolonged the agony , and he would have had the same result , ” said Scott Baugh , Orange County Republican Party chairman .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger now has 14 days to call a special election to fill Duvall ’s seat , which could be held as soon as the first week in November .
Orange County officials say that election will cost taxpayers between $ 330,000 and $ 440,000 .
Advertisement
Assembly Speaker Karen Bass ( D - Los Angeles ) said the Legislature plans to aggressively investigate Duvall and any conflicts of interest that may have resulted from affairs he boasted about .
One member of the legislative ethics panel that will oversee the inquiry said privately that there may be efforts to broaden it to include other lawmakers alleged to have intimate relations with lobbyists .
California Atty . Gen. Jerry Brown declined to comment on calls from consumer advocates that he launch a criminal investigation .
Duvall ’s “ votes on utility issues should be investigated to determine whether they were compromised , ” said Doug Heller , executive director of Consumer Watchdog in Santa Monica .
Duvall joined other Republicans in voting several times this year against renewable energy measures opposed by Sempra Energy .
The measures would require utilities to derive significantly more electricity from solar , wind , geothermal and other renewable energy sources by 2020 .
In Orange County on Wednesday , Duvall ’s constituents expressed shock .
Advertisement
Placentia Councilwoman Constance Underhill said Duvall ’s behavior was outrageous , especially if his dalliances were with lobbyists who had business with his committee .
“ If that ’s true , ” she said , “ he sold out for sex . ”
Bob Bowdish , 62 , who said he was once Duvall ’s letter carrier and has for years crossed party lines to vote for the assemblyman , said , “ The public deserves more .
. . .
The fact of the matter is , what he did was wrong .
This will ruin more than his political career . ”
At least one resident saw opportunity in the mess , however .
“ He did the right thing under the circumstances , ” said Orange County Supervisor Chris Norby .
“ He did it quickly .
And I ’m going to do the right thing .
I will be seeking the seat . ”
--
Advertisement
shane.goldmacher@latimes.com
patrick.mcgreevy@latimes.com
Times staff writers Eric Bailey , Dana Parsons and My - Thuan Tran contributed to this report .
The Social Security Trust Fund reported an August net deficit of $ 5.865 Billion .
This is the largest monthly deficit in nineteen years .
Base on recent years data it was not surprising the Fund ran a deficit in August .
But the magnitude of the shortfall was a surprise to me .
This deficit is now the seventh in the past twelve months .
That pace has never been seen before .
We deal with very big numbers these days .
100rds of billions and trillions are how we measure things .
So a $ 6 b monthly deficit for the Fund would appear to be a ho-hum .
That is not correct .
This is an important number .
The Actuarial analysis of the Fund is misdirected .
Their focus is based on the future value .
It should be focused on the here and now .
In the June annual report the Trustees concluded that the Fund would be broke in 2037 .
This conclusion is so far into the future that it is easy for everyone involved to say , “ this is a next year problem , health care comes first ” .
Stephen Goss the Fund ’s head honcho said as much in a recent interview .
While there is a political case that we have to prioritize health care as an issue , it is wrong on a purely economic basis to ignore the exploding problems at the Fund .
Every month that the status quo is allowed to continue makes the cost of the ‘ fix ’ that much larger .
Based on the past twelve months performance I now estimate that the Net Present Value of future committed liabilities is in deficit by $ 7 trillion .
To plug this sized hole would require a significant increase in payroll taxes .
That is n’t going to happen .
Raising payroll taxes by 4 % would kill the economy .
No White House economist would advocate that .
The alternative of cutting benefits would be very unpopular .
There are currently 52 million beneficiaries of the system .
A lot of them vote .
To shore up the fund would require across the board cuts greater than 20 % .
While that may not be a hardship for some it most certainly will be for others .
The only way to address this inequity will be a means test .
The August deficit reconfirms that the Funds foundations are wobbly .
Some observations :
- In August the US Treasury had to borrow an additional $ 6 billion in the public market to finance the cash shortfall of Social Security .
We already have too much paper for sale to fund the budget deficit .
SS added to the supply problem last month .
- The 2037 Future Value of the August deficit is - $ 17 b based on a 4 % return .
What this means is that there will be a very significant revision in the 2037 drop - dead date .
Based on current trends the go broke date is closer to 2025 .
- This is not just a bad month .
The net decline in the Funds assets for June / July / August comes to $ 7 billion .
In 08 that period was in surplus by $ 5 billion , In 07 it was +$ 7 b and in 06 it was +$ 13 b .
- The decline in payrolls is hurting the Funds ’ top line .
January - July 2009 payroll tax receipts were down from 2008 by $ 5 billion or 1 % .
While the monthly declines in payrolls will fall over the next six months it is unlikely that there will be much net increase either .
It will be a very long time before we see monthly gains of 250k .
Without that kind of growth the Fund will quickly fall into annual deficits .
- The expense side is exploding .
The September monthly benefits cost will be $ 56.6 b up from $ 51.5 in 2008 , a 10 % increase .
- In 2007 the SSTF produced a surplus of $ 191 b that it invested in the US economy .
This year it will be closer to $ 100b .
Based on the current trends that surplus will be gone by 2012 .
Six years earlier than the Trustees forecast in June of this year .
SS is the mother of all systemic risks .
Even the debate on this topic brings risk .
It will expose an additional $ 7trillion unfunded liability .
Another reason for holders of dollars to worry .
There is no fix to this .
Raising taxes is a dead end .
Age warfare is a possible social consequence .
The really bad news is that no one will touch this for another year .
By then it might be too late .
As promised in my previous post on xgoogle library , I have added a module to get results from Google Sets .
Google Sets allows to automatically create groups of related items from a few example items .
For example , you feed it " red , green , blue , " and it will predict other colors such as " yellow , black , white , brown , etc . "
One of the most fascinating applications that this library can be used for is predicting domain names .
Most sysadmins have a coherent naming policy for their systems .
For example , a sysadmin at a university might call his machines " psychology.university.edu " , " art.university.edu " , " geography.university.edu " , etc .
Now , if we feed these names " psychology , art , geography " to Google Sets , it would come up with more names such as " history , mathematics , biology , and others " .
Now we can do DNS scans to find if there really are such machines .
This is a pretty powerful method for reconnaissance .
There are many other interesting applications .
Black hat SEO 's may use it to stuff their pages with related keywords and thus rank for more words on search engines .
Linguists can use it for various natural language processing problems .
Various word guessing games can be created .
But my personal goal in writing this library was to use it for my English language perfection and correction tool that I will release in one of the next posts about this project .
I wrote more about this idea in the introductory post of xgoogle library .
Please see that post for more info .
The new module is called " googlesets " , and to use it , import " GoogleSets " and create an object of this type .
Pass the list of items to create the prediction from to the constructor .
Then use " get_results ( ) " member function to get the list of predicted items .
It returns a list of Unicode strings , so make sure to use a proper encoding when outputting them .
Here is an example usage of the new module .
It finds items related to programming languages " python " and " perl " :
from xgoogle.googlesets import GoogleSets gs = GoogleSets ( [ ' python ' , ' perl ' ] ) items = gs.get_results ( ) for item in items : print item.encode('utf8 ' )
Output :
python perl php ruby java javascript c++ c cgi tcl c#
The output matches that of Google Sets itself :
See the readme . txt file in the xgoogle archive for more examples .
Download xgoogle Library
Have fun and let me know what projects you built with my library .
I 'll showcase them in one of my next blog posts .
Description
The wait is finally over !
With over 1400 + castles submitted , Crush the Castle Players Pack was made for the fans by the fans .
The King thanks everyone who submitted .
The resistance has spread further and the King is not happy .
He has ordered you once again to crush all resistance to help expand his territory .
Crush castle after castle by wiping out each of it's inhabitants with your large Trebuchet .
Win medals for crushing the castle using the least amount of projectiles , unlock new secret projectiles , and share you castles faster and easier than ever before .
You can also share your own custom castles or crush the fortresses of others .
Check out our dedicated forum thread Crush the Castle Players Pack - Custom Castles
Produced In - House by Armor Games Inc .
Programmed by Joey Betz .
Art by Chris " Con " Condon .
**REQUIRES FLASH 10 TO PLAY , UPGRADE HERE **
Update 1.44 :
* Fixed sound fx bug :)
“ Agile is all about teams working together to produce great software .
As an Agile coach , you can help your team go from first steps to running with Agile to unleashing their full Agile potential . ”
“ The art of Agile coaching is understanding the situation , the values underlying Agile software development , and how the two can combine .
As an Agile coach , you do n’t need to have all the answers ; it takes time and a few experiments to hit on the right approach .
We ’ve worked with teams who ’ve come up with great solutions , and we learn from every team we work with . ”
“ Do n’t expect to get recognition for your work as an Agile coach .
It ’s a supporting role rather than one that delivers direct benefits .
A good coach gives credit to the team .
When you work on an idea with Frank , it ’s Frank ’s idea if it succeeds , and if it does n’t , then commiserate together . ”
Some good points to keep in mind the next time you will be looking for some help to transition to Agile .
Source : “ Agile Coaching ” , Rachel Davies and Liz Sedley , Pragmatic Bookshelf , 250 pages
of a job .
By day , he tramped the streets , often passing time with ' screevers ' or street artists , drunks and other hobos .
At night , he stood in line for a bed in a ' spike ' or doss house , where a cup of sugary tea , a hunk of stale bread and a blanket were the only sustenance and comfort on offer .
Down and Out in Paris and Londonis George Orwell 's haunting account of the streets and those who have no choice but to live on them .
' A man who looked at his world with wonder and wrote down exactly what he saw , in admirable prose . '
John Mortimer … ( more ' It is altogether curious , your first contact with poverty . '
To be poor and destitute in 1920s Paris and London was to experience life at its lowest ebb .
George Orwell , penniless and with nowhere to go , found himself experiencing just this as he wandered the streets of both capitals in search
A concert can be a fairly scary place if you ’re unfamiliar with crowd logistics .
Wandering through Ozzfest with a boom - box perched atop your shoulder playing the Pointer Sisters ’ “ I ’m So Excited ” on repeat could cause some run-ins with fans .
And security detail .
In lieu of the final leg of Britney Spears ’ The Circus : Starring Britney Spears Tour , I ’ve compiled an easy - to - read “ Who ’s Who ” compendium of the nine types of Britney fans you must be aware of before attending Brit ’s weave - fest at your local arena .
Categories , like Ms. Spears ’ song lyrics , subject to overlap .
And note :
This list was compiled before Britney covered Alanis Morisette live in concert ; we could ’ve ID ’d six more fan types based on that alone .
December 02 , 2008 ABC
News
The Preznit , out working on that Legacy Thing , was on ABC with Charles Gibson last night , and had this revealing exchange :
Gibson :
You 've always said there 's no do - overs as president .
If you had one -- Bush :
The biggest regret of all the presidency has to have been the intelligence failure in Iraq .
A lot of people put their reputations on the line and said , you know ... the weapons of mass destruction is a reason to remove Saddam Hussein .
It was n't just people in my administration , and um ...
You know , that 's not a do - over , but I wish the intelligence had been different , I guess .
Gibson :
If the intelligence had been right , would there have been an Iraq war ?
Bush :
If he had had weapons of mass destruction , would there have been a war ?
Absolutely .
Gibson :
No , if you had known he did n't .
Bush :
Oh , I see what you 're saying .
Uh ...
You know , that 's an interesting question .
That is a do - over I can't do .
It 's hard for me to speculate .
David N : As always with Bush , the Buck Stops Over There , Or There -- Anywhere But Here .
It obviously never crossed Bush 's mind to consider the possibility that there were n't WMD in Iraq -- which , as we now know , was a lot of the reason the intelligence he received was getting so skewed .
Indeed , it 's obvious he 'd probably have simply ignored that intelligence even if it had clearly warned there were no WMD .
Meanwhile , guys like Richard Clarke were warning him he should n't even go into Iraq if he was serious about combating terrorism .
Clearly , he was n't .
He was just intent on kicking Saddam 's ass , regardless of the price paid .
And that 's why , contra Karl Rove , he is forever doomed to be known as the Worst .
President .
Ever .
Adam Serwer at TAP and Greg Sargent at TPM have more on Bush 's actual record regarding pre-invasion intelligence on Iraq .
Bungie is saying that there 's a very good chance Halo 3 : ODST , which is set to be released on September 22 exclusively on the Xbox 360 , will not be getting any downloadable content mainly because of the work that development studio needs to do on Halo : Reach , the prequel to the series that is set to arrive in 2010 .
The statements from Bungie came at the Penny Arcade Expo where a panel on ODST took place .
Brian Jarrard , who is community lead on the title , said that “ Obviously right now what we 're excited about is the impending launch of ODST , so we do n't want to totally start talking about next year 's model before this one 's even off the assembly line .
But there is a beta that 's coming next year , so all you 've got to do is sit tight . ”
He added that “ If you want to be part of Reach from the very beginning then you want to make sure you keep an ODST disc handy . ”
His statement has been backed by Kars Bakken , who is the senior designer on Halo 3 : ODST .
The idea is that ODST is already a sort of add on for Halo 3 and Bungie , which has repeatedly said that its days of creating Halo - themed games are soon to be over , is already working on Reach , which is supposed to be as big as the original Halo 3 and ODST combined .
The company is hoping that the 10 maps shipped with ODST will be enough to keep gamers occupied for some time , so that a map pack is not needed until well in 2010 .
Of course , a lot depends on how much ODST sells when it is released and on the online activity in Firefight , the new Horde - like mode introduced .
By Richard Cohen - August 18 , 2009
Try this on for size : Palinism .
What is it ?
It is an updated version of McCarthyism , which takes it name from the late Sen .
Joseph McCarthy , the Wisconsin liar , demagogue and drunk , and means , according to Wikipedia , " reckless , unsubstantiated accusations , as well as demagogic attacks on the character or patriotism of political adversaries . "
As far as we know , Sarah Palin is not a drunk .
But she certainly shares McCarthy 's other attributes -- and this one as well : the ability to drive the debate .
In McCarthy 's day , it was anti-communism coupled with national security , and it hardly mattered that he frequently did not have his facts straight .
He got huge amounts of attention anyway .
With Palin , the subject is health care , which in many ways is the Red Menace of our day and lends itself to a kind of political pornography .
For sheer disregard of the facts , her statement about President Obama 's " death panel " has to rank with McCarthy 's announcement that " I have here in my hand a list of 205 " ( or 57 or 72 or whatever ) names of communists in the State Department .
They were both false -- McCarthy 's by commission , Palin 's probably by omission .
She rarely knows her facts .
What was most depressing about McCarthy 's career was not just the excesses of the man himself , but the refusal of others -- mainly his fellow Republicans -- to either rein him in or defend his victims .
Now we are seeing something similar with Palin .
Say what you will about any of the health care proposals , not one of them suggests a " death panel " empowered to withhold medical services from the aged or the disabled .
To suggest that one exists is reprehensible .
To state it outright is either boldly demagogic or just plain loopy .
Yet , you can beat the bushes to a fine powder and find only two Republicans of note -- Sens. Johnny Isakson and Lisa Murkowski -- who had the courage or the decency to tell Palin that she does n't know what she 's talking about .
Certainly , this was not the case with Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker , who in fact virtually seconded Palin 's charge .
This is not just because Gingrich himself can be casual with the facts , but because his urge to be politically expedient often overwhelms his convictions .
Something similar could be said about Sen. Charles Grassley , a key Senate Republican on health care .
He mouthed a limp echo of Palin 's lie and then , boldly , looked the other way .
Sadly , the list of the meek includes Palin 's Geppetto , John McCain , who fashioned her out of political desperation and has yet to whittle her down to size .
In an update of the folk tale , I 'd like to think that whenever he praises Palin , his own nose grows .
As with McCarthyism , Palinism is a product of its times .
McCarthy exploited the public 's fear of communism and communists .
Not only were they abroad , but they were here in America -- spies , fellow travelers , pinkos , apologists , intellectuals and short , bespectacled minorities .
It was their very ubiquity and invisibility that made them so dangerous .
Health care reform provides Palin with the same opportunity .
The klutziness of Obama 's effort -- people think they know what they can lose but have no idea of what they can gain -- again raises the specter of invisible forces that will take but not give , dictate but not listen , tax but not provide .
But as is almost always the case with right - wing populists , the shooter has aimed at her own foot .
Palin's " death panel " remarks either killed or helped kill the proposal to offer end - of - life counseling .
The victims will be the poor , the uninformed and the ideologically blind who will find themselves unable to make a graceful exit .
The affluent have their living wills and such .
The poor have only their grief .
McCarthy 's career was mercifully short .
He made his famous speech in 1950 and was censured by the Senate four years later .
By 1957 , he was dead .
His rise was a product of a now - antiquated newspaper culture , but his fall was abetted by the advent of TV .
Americans looked and were appalled .
He was finished .
Palin , as wholesome as McCarthy was not , is ready - made for television .
Still , she has gone from a 57 percent favorable rating soon after McCain picked her as his running mate to a current 39 percent -- a negative landslide of justifiable proportions .
Before she fades into fringedom , she will do one bad and one good thing -- hurt the very people she supposedly champions and expose the appalling opportunism of the Republican leaders .
I have in my hand a list of their names .
This past week economist and financial advisor Peter Schiff announced his Republican candidacy for the Connecticut senate seat currently held by Democrat Chris Dodd .
Baring any manipulations from the Republican establishment , Schiff 's entry into the race guarantees that important issues that are often ignored by establishment candidates will be addressed .
Once addressed , Connecticut voters will come to the conclusion that Schiff is the only candidate capable of cleaning up the financial mess produced during Dodd 's 5 terms in the Senate .
“ What America has succeeded in creating is not an economy impervious to shocks , but merely one which enables their consequences to be postponed to a later date . ” – Peter Schiff
No politician of either party will admit this .
But Peter Schiff is absolutely right .
What has been built during Dodd 's close to thirty years in the Senate is an economic system that is prone to booms and busts due mostly to the easy money policies of the Federal Reserve .
So , we have a boom in the dot com sector fueled by low interest rates and then the bottom falls out and what does the Fed do but lower rates to one percent to stimulate the economy .
This in turn causes the next boom in housing .
What does the Fed do again ?
You got it – lower rates practically to zero .
Once recessions set in the politicians turn to the central bank to pump in more money in to ease the pain .
This approach has worked so far to delay the inevitable but in the end all we will have is a huge national debt and a calamitous financial meltdown the proportions of which have never been seen in modern history .
It is issues like this that are ignored by the establishment candidates in our political contests .
Another issue that Schiff is focused on that the Washington establishment is ignoring is the current reserve crisis at the Federal Housing Administration .
Reserves at the agency have fallen to $ 30 billion while the total amount of mortgage debt insured by the agency has risen to over $ 1 trillion .
Schiff asks correctly , “ Did n't we learn anything ? ” from the most recent crisis .
How will the agency insure so much debt with so little reserves ?
Again , as long as the printing presses are rolling at the Fed , official Washington will sweep this bad news under the rug .
But , Schiff has rightly pointed out that the day of reckoning will come when the dollar has lost so much of its value that foreigners will no longer buy our debt and our standard of living will be in the dumper .
America needs leaders with the integrity and intelligence of Peter Schiff .
He was one of the very few people in America who predicted the current financial crisis as long ago as the early 2000s .
Mocked and ridiculed by political pundits for his comments that the U.S. economy was being built on false notions of wealth his position has since been vindicated by falling asset prices in the housing and stock markets .
Currently , his patriotism has come under attack for his belief that the current recession / depression is necessary to liquidate the bad economic decisions that were made during the government induced boom of the last decade .
He is the only candidate for the U.S. Senate in Connecticut that is telling the truth regardless of the consequences and standing against the establishment position that winning elections is more important than doing what 's right for the country .
When he is elected to the Senate , Schiff will fight for fiscal responsibility , sound money , and restoring the federal government to its constitutional limits .
As the candidate who is tied to no special interests including the Republican establishment , Schiff is uniquely qualified to propose and fight for policies that benefit all Americans not just the large corporate bosses and big bankers .
For the first time in a long time , Connecticut voters have an opportunity to bring real change to America .
Kenn Jacobine teaches internationally and maintains a summer residence in Haywood County , North Carolina .
Visit his blog site online at : The View from Abroad .
Dame Helen Mirren has won three Baftas for her role in Prime Suspect
Award - winning British drama Prime Suspect , starring Dame Helen Mirren , is to be remade in the US
Seven series , written by Lynda La Plante and starring Oscar winner Mirren as police chief Jane Tennison , ran between 1991 and 2006 .
" Our intention is to create another classic television show from this brilliant original format , " said NBC's Angela Bromstad .
Without A Trace 's Hank Steinberg will write the initial two - hour pilot show .
" Hank Steinberg was key in helping us secure this project , and we are incredibly excited about this modern vision for the show , " added Ms Bromstad .
Household name
Prime Suspect , originally a co-production between ITV's Granada and the Boston - based network WGBH , first aired in the US in 1992 as part of the Mystery series .
The show went on to win two Emmys for lead actress Mirren - making her a household name in the US .
The project marks a new collaboration between ITV and NBC , with the US network committed to a further two pilots of ITV series over the next two years .
Earlier this year , ITV signed on to produce a UK version of the NBC series Law and Order .
Previous drama collaborations between ITV ( as Granada America ) and US networks include the hit series Cracker and Cold Feet .
The seventh and final instalment of Prime Suspect aired on ITV1 in October 2006 , winning best actress for Mirren at the Royal Television Society Awards the following year .
China is threatening to cut off imports of American chicken , but poultry experts have at least one reason to suspect it may be an empty threat : Many Chinese consumers would miss the scrumptious chicken feet they get from this country .
“ We have these jumbo , juicy paws the Chinese really love , ” said Paul W . Aho , a poultry economist and consultant , “ so I do n’t think they are going to cut us off . ”
Chicken exports were thrust to the forefront of American - Chinese trade tensions on Sunday when China took steps to retaliate for President Obama ’s decision to levy tariffs on Chinese tires .
The Chinese announced that they were considering import taxes on automotive products and chicken meat , a development that some trade experts feared could escalate .
American executives expressed concern about losing what recently has become the largest export market for their chickens , one that is expanding rapidly as the Chinese population grows more prosperous .
But the executives also expressed relief that , so far , Chinese importers have told them to keep the feet and wings coming .
Although Belief In Wizards Runs
Deep there are a few free thinkers who do n't see it that way .
Andy Xie is one of them .
Please consider New Bubble Threatens a V - Shaped Rebound .
In a normal economic cycle , an inventory - led recovery would be followed by corporate capital expenditure , leading to employment expansion .
Rising employment leads to consumption growth , which expands profitability and more capex .
Why wo n't it work this time ?
The reason , as I have argued before , is that a big bubble distorted the global economic structure .
Re-matching supply and demand will take a long time .
The process is called Schumpeterian creative destruction .
Keynesian thinking ignores structural imbalance and focuses only on aggregate demand .
In normal situations , Keynesian thinking is fine .
However , when a recession is caused by the bursting of a big bubble , Keynesian thinking no longer works .
The lifespan of a bubble depends on how it affects demand .
The longest - lasting are property and technology bubbles .
The multiplier effect of a property bubble is multifaceted , stimulating investment and consumption in the short term .
The supply chain it impacts is very long .
From commodity producers to real estate agents , it could stimulate more than one - fifth of an economy on the supply side .
On the demand side , it stimulates credit growth and financial sector earnings , and often boosts consumption through the wealth effect .
Because a property bubble is so powerful , the negative effects of a bursting are great .
Excess supply created during a bubble 's lifespan takes time to consume .
And a bust destroys the credit system .
A technology bubble occurs when investors exaggerate a new technology 's impact on corporate earnings .
A breakthrough such as the Internet improves productivity enormously .
However , consumers receive most of the benefits .
Competition eventually shifts temporarily high corporate profitability toward lower consumer prices .
Because the emergence of an important technology brings down consumer prices , central banks often release too much money , which flows into asset markets and creates bubbles .
While an underlying technology leads to an economic boom , the bubble feels real .
More capital pours into the technology .
That leads to overcapacity and destruction of profitability .
The bubble bursts when speculators finally realize that corporate earnings wo n't rise after all .
The cost of a technology bubble is essentially equal to the amount of over - investment involved .
Because a technological breakthrough expands the economic pie , the costs of a technology bubble are easy to absorb .
An economy can recover relatively quickly .
Some argue that , if low interest rates revive the property market , American households may be willing to borrow and spend again .
This scenario is possible but not likely .
The United States has not experienced serious property bubbles in the past because land is privately owned and plentiful .
A supply overhang from one bubble takes a long time to digest .
And American culture tends to swing to frugality after a bubble .
One 's outlook either for a normal recovery or a bubble - inspired boom depends on the outlook for the U.S. household savings rate .
Unless the U.S. household sector is willing to borrow and spend again , emerging economies will not be able to revive the export - led growth model .
Instead of a V - shaped recovery , we may instead get a W curve .
A dip next year , although perhaps not statistically deep , could deliver a profound psychological shock .
Financial markets are buoyant now because they believe in the government .
The second dip would demonstrate the limits of government power .
The second dip could send asset prices down -- and keep them down for a long time .
In normal situations , Keynesian thinking is fine .
However , when a recession is caused by the bursting of a big bubble , Keynesian thinking no longer works
appear
( Pocket - lint ) - Roaming data charges have been scrapped in Europe .
You are now able to use your bundled texts , minutes and mobile data anywhere in the European Union without it costing you any extra - but what happens after Brexit ?
We 've covered what happens to roaming after Brexit elsewhere , but in the meantime , you can uploading your holiday snaps to Facebook or Instagram as you go is much more justifiable than it has ever been in the past .
Unfortunately , there are no caps on roaming fees outside of Europe , or the countries not included in the EU , so if you are lucky enough to travel a lot , here is a roundup of what the different networks offer in terms of roaming and which give jetsetters the best deals .
Vodafone now offers 5G roaming at no extra cost ( unlike any other network ) .
You can get 5G roaming in Italy , Germany and Spain – with 55 European towns and cities in total now with 5G .
Vodafone ’s 5G roaming will allow you to stream music , play online games , watch ultra-high definition TV and sport or upload photos and videos instantly without worrying about running out of data or running up a large bill .
Vodafone offers Vodafone Global Roaming as standard for Pay Monthly plans , as well as SIM - only plans .
This incentive includes 48 " Roam - free " destinations , some of which extend further than just those covered by the EU roaming regulations .
If you sign up for an Unlimited Max Data plan , starting at £ 30 / m for unlimited date , you 'll also get free roaming to 29 more destinations than previously including the USA , Canada , South Africa and Australia - 77 destinations in all - under Global Roaming Plus .
Users visiting any of the Roam - free destinations will be able to use their allowance as they would in the UK without spending any extra .
Charges will apply if you go out of your bundle but the regulations state that they cannot be more than they would be in the UK .
The Roam - free destinations are : Austria , Azores , Belgium , Bulgaria , Canary Islands , Croatia , Cyprus , Czech Republic , Denmark , Estonia , Finland , France ( inc Corsica ) , French Guiana , Germany , Gibraltar , Greece , Guadeloupe , Guernsey , Hungary , Iceland , Isle of Man , Ireland , Italy , Jersey , Latvia , Liechtenstein , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Malta , Madeira , Martinique , Mayotte , Monaco , Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Reunion , Romania , Slovakia , Slovenia , Spain ( inc Balearic Islands ) , St Martin , Sweden , Switzerland , Turkey and Vatican City .
For those travelling further than the 48 countries on the Roam - free list , there are 104 " Roam - further " destinations available under the Vodafone Global Roaming incentive for Pay Monthly customers and SIM - only customers .
A daily flat rate of £ 6 allows you to use your phone in any of the participating Roam - further countries as you would in the UK , including calling , texting and data usage and you will only be charged on the days you use your phone .
The day is calculated according to the capital city of the country you are in and it runs from midnight to midnight .
The Roam - further destinations are : Afghanistan , Albania , Andorra , Anguilla , Antigua and Barbuda , Argentina , Armenia , Aruba , Australia , Bahrain , Bangladesh , Barbados , Bermuda , Bonaire , Brazil , British Virgin Islands , Cambodia , Canada , Cayman Islands , Chile , China , Colombia , Congo , Democratic Republic of , Costa Rica , Curacao , Dominica , Dominican Republic , Ecuador , Egypt , El Salvador , Ghana , Grenada , Guatemala , Guyana , Haiti , Honduras , Hong Kong , India , Indonesia , Israel , Jamaica , Japan , Jordan , Kazakhstan , Kenya , Kuwait , Laos , Lesotho , Macau , Macedonia , Macedonia , Malaysia , Mexico , Moldova , Mozambique , Moldova , Mongolia , Montenegro , Montserrat , Morocco , Myanmar , New Zealand , Nicaragua , Oman , Panama , Pakistan , Panama , Papua New Guinea , Paraguay , Peru , Philippines , Puerto Rico , Qatar , Russia , Saba , Samoa , Saudi Arabia , Serbia , Singapore , Sint Eustatius , Sint Maarten , South Africa , South Korean , South Sudan , Sri Lanka , St Kitts and Nevis , St Lucia , St Vincent , Suriname , Swaziland , Taiwan , Tanzania , Thailand , Toga , Trinidad and Tobago , Turks and Caicos , Ukraine , United Arab Emirates , USA , Uruguay , US Virgin Islands , Uzbekistan , Vanuatu and Vietnam .
Three offers its Go Roam incentive to Pay Monthly starting at £ 10 for 4GB and Pay As You Go customers ( £ 10 for 4GB ) , offering free roaming in 71 countries , some of which are not in the EU .
It does n't matter what device you are using and like Vodafone , you can use your phone as you would in the UK but Three does n't charge you anything for the privilege when you go further afield , such as the US or Australia .
What 's more , it works on PAYG plans too .
The Go Roam in Europe destinations are : Aland Islands , Austria , Azores , Balearic Islands , Belgium , Bulgaria , Canary Islands , Croatia , Cyprus , Czech Republic , Denmark , Estonia , Finland , France , French Guiana , Germany , Gibraltar , Greece , Guadeloupe , Guernsey , Hungary , Iceland , Ireland , Isle of Man , Italy , Jersey , Latvia , Liechtenstein , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Madeira , Malta , Martinique , Mayotte , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Réunion , Romania , Saint Barthelemy , Saint Martin , San Marino , Slovakia , Slovenia , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland , The Netherlands , Vatican City .
Outside of Europe : Australia , Brazil , Chile , Colombia , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Hong Kong , Indonesia , Israel , Macau , New Zealand , Nicaragua , Panama , Peru , Puerto Rico , Singapore , Sri Lanka , Uruguay , US Virgin Islands , USA , Vietnam .
There is also a £ 5 a day data passport , allow unlimited mobile Internet in those countries above and : Azerbaijan , Canada , Malaysia , Mexico , Moldova , Montenegro , Myanmar , Pakistan , Russian Federation , Saudi Arabia , Serbia , South Korea , Taiwan , Thailand , Tunisia , Turkey , Ukraine and United Arab Emirates .
There is one snag , if you have All - You - Can - Eat data , texts and minutes then only up to 19GB in Europe ( 12GB non Eu ) , 5000 texts and 3000 minutes are included in the incentive for no extra charge but that 's still quite a lot .
You also have to be on one of Three 's Advanced plans if you 're a Pay Monthly customer , and if you 're PAYG you 'll need to convert your credit into an Add - on to use Go Roam .
O2 offers free roaming to 75 countries within its Europe Zone .
Just like Vodafone and Three , Pay Monthly customers travelling to any of the countries within the O2's Europe Zone can use their minutes , data and text allowances as they would at home .
The Europe Zone destinations are : Austria , Azores , Belgium , Bulgaria , Canary Islands , Croatia , Cyprus , Czech Republic , Denmark , Estonia , Finland , France , French Guiana , Germany , Gibraltar , Greece , Guadeloupe , Guernsey , Hungary , Iceland , Ireland , Isle of Man , Italy , Jersey , Latvia , Liechtenstein , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Madeira , Malta , Martinique , Mayotte , Monaco , Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Reunion , Romania , Saint Barthelemy , Saint Martin , San Marino , Slovakia , Slovenia , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland , United Kingdom and Vatican City .
The Europe Zone applies to PAYG customers too but Guernsey , Isle of Man , Jersey , Monaco and Switzerland are not included as they are for Pay Monthly customers .
PAYG customers visiting these five countries can opt into the O2 Travel Bolt on , where you will also be charged £ 1.99 for data with a limit of 100 MB a day , while calls will cost 4 p per minute to make and free to receive .
Texts cost 1 p per message when sent to the UK or elsewhere in Europe .
O2 also offer the O2 Travel Bolt on for Pay Monthly customers visiting some 27 destinations outside of the Europe Zone .
Customers will be charged £ 3.99 a day for Turkey , or £ 4.99 a day when in any of these destinations : Argentina , Honduras , Australia , Madagascar , Botswana , Mexico , Canada , Myanmar , Chile , New Zealand , Colombia , Nicaragua , Costa Rica , Panama , Ecuador , Paraguay , El Salvador , Peru , Greenland , Rwanda , Guatemala , United States , Guinea , Uruguay , Guyana , Venezuela and Yemen .
O2 Travel has a daily allowance of 120 minutes for both making and receiving calls , 120 texts and unlimited data for Pay Monthly customers .
PAYG customers have the same limit as mentioned above .
You 'll only be charged on the days you choose to use it .
You can find out more information on the O2 website .
EE offers all customers on all contracts , Pay Monthly and PAYG , free roaming in 48 destinations across Europe .
Those on 4GEE Max contracts will also get roaming in a few more places further afield .
As with the other networks , you 'll be able to " roam like home " , using your data , minute and text allowances .
A maximum of 15 GB of data can be used while roaming , after which you 'll need to buy a data add - on if you want to keep using data whilst roaming .
EE 's European Roaming Zone destinations are : Austria , Azores , Belgium , Bulgaria , Croatia , Cyprus , Czech Republic , Canary Islands , Denmark , Estonia , Finland , France , French Guiana , Germany , Gibraltar , Greece , Guadeloupe , Guernsey , Hungary , Iceland , Ireland , Isle of Man , Italy , Jersey , Latvia , Liechtenstein , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Madeira , Malta , Martinique , Mayotte , Monaco , Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Réunion Island , Romania , San Marino , Saint Martin ( French ) , Saint Barthélemy , Slovakia , Slovenia , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland and Vatican City ( Italy ) .
Customers on the Max plans have roaming access to 53 countries , which also included in : Australia , Canada , Mexico , New Zealand and USA .
For those not on Max plans and travelling to one of the five countries included on the Max plans , you can add a World Select Talk and Text add - on .
This will give you unlimited calls and texts for £ 5 a day , with the day running from midnight to midnight in the country you are in .
No data is included with this add on though .
There is also a data add on however , called Travel Data Pass .
This will offer 500MB of data per day and prices differ depending on the country .
For example , it will cost you £ 6 a day for Turkey , £ 4.80 a day for United States of America and Canada or £ 6 a day for Australia , New Zealand , UAE , India , Thailand , Mexico , South Africa and China .
EE 's offers are a little more complicated than Vodafone and Three so it 's worth going on the EE website to work out your best option and find out exactly how much your specific destination might cost .
The Carphone Warehouse network , iD ( running from Three ) , offers a Three " Go Roam " setup for its Pay Monthly , SIM Only and PAYG customers in 50 countries .
As with the other networks , customers will be able to use their UK minutes , texts and data for no extra charge .
The " Go Roam " like Home countries are in two bands - Band 1 : Austria , Azores , Belgium , Bulgaria , Canary Islands , Croatia , Cyprus , Czech Republic , Denmark , Estonia , Finland , France , French Guiana , Germany , Gibraltar , Greece , Guadeloupe , Guernsey , Hungary , Iceland , Ireland , Isle of Man , Italy , Jersey , Latvia , Liechtenstein , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Madeira , Malta , Martinique , Monaco , Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Réunion , Romania , Saint Barthélemy , Saint - Martin , San Marino , Slovakia , Slovenia , Spain , Sweden , Vatican City .
And Band 2 is , Azerbaijan , Macedonia , Belarus , Kazakhstan .
Customers on older the iD's TakeAway plans will also see the United States of America included within the Go Roam Like destination list .
Unlike Vodafone and Three , there does n't appear to be a daily rate for other worldwide destinations though .
For customers on GoTo and ShockProof plans , as well as TakeAway customers travelling to destinations other , the iD network offers a comprehensive list of roaming costs on its site here .
Tesco Mobile offers its Home From Home incentive in 48 European destinations for all its customers .
Customers can call , text and use data in the Home from Home countries without any extra cost on top of their existing price plans .
Minutes , texts and data limits will still apply as at home .
That covers both PAYG and pay monthly customers .
Home from Home destinations are : Austria , Azores , Belgium , Bulgaria , Canary Islands , Croatia , Republic of Cyprus , Czech Republic , Denmark , Estonia , Finland , France , French Guyana , Germany , Gibraltar , Greece , Guadeloupe , Guernsey , Hungary , Iceland , Ireland , Isle of Man , Jersey , Italy , Latvia , Liechtenstein , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Madeira , Malta , Martinique , Mayotte , Monaco , Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Reunion , Romania , San Marino , Slovakia , Slovenia , Spain , St. Martin , St. Barts , Sweden , Switzerland , Vatican City .
As with Three , a maximum of 12 GB of monthly data can be used when abroad .
Following this , you will need to pay an additional charge per MB .
Tesco Mobile caps data usage to 5 MB so you cannot exceed £ 40 of spend while abroad elsewhere .
That 's because it charges £ 8 per MB if you are outside the Home from Home countries so be wary of using data anywhere other than in Europe or at a Wi -Fi hotspot .
Call charges from outside the EU can also be very pricey .
Calls when you are in the US , for example , cost from 89 p a minute to make or receive .
Sending texts costs 40 p a text .
For more information on costs from specific countries , you can visit the Tesco Mobile website .
We 've included a SIMO selection tool , if the deals we 've chosen have n't appealed to you - so feel use it - taking it to account all the above information .
Simply drop - down menus , and use the sliders to find perfect plan for you .
Writing by Rob Kerr and Britta O'Boyle .
Adderall , I discovered during the courtship phase of what became our deeply tortured relationship , offers a kind of assistance to the brain that feels just right , at first , for the age of multitasking .
The drug might as well have been invented by Microsoft and embedded in the Windows toolbar .
It seemed to allow me to do three things at once and not completely fail at two of them .
Far more important , however , it helped me do one thing at once and focus on it .
If I was toiling at my computer , it sharpened the clicking sensations of the keyboard while lowering the volume of the phone whose ringing might have broken my work trance .
It also , for me at least , suppressed emotion , freeing me from the claims of other people ( my children primarily , because I work at home ) who wanted a piece of my precious , deskbound time .
The ability to stay on task , even the dullest , most numbing task , was Adderall ’s first gift to me .
It was also its first curse , because it encouraged me to take on work of an increasingly stupefying nature and do it well enough that I got more of it , until I was doing almost no other kind .
I can see , though , how harried students might covet this power and why , according to some estimates , a quarter of undergraduates at certain colleges are availing themselves of such stimulants .
They ’re well aware of the dire economic news — big law firms instituting hiring freezes ; whole industries , like publishing , imploding — and it ’s natural that they would welcome any advantage in their quests to get the grades that will get them the jobs that will get them the insurance that will get them the medications to do the jobs .
Image Credit ... Bob London
A recent labor statistic suggests to me that this circular relationship between pressure and productivity is operating in full swing .
In this year ’s second quarter , the numbers tell us , the American work force squeezed from its tired body the largest increase in output in the last six years .
What caused the jump is open to speculation , but I imagine it was partly because of nervousness .
The tension produced by the fear of losing a job suggests an adrenalized state perhaps not unlike the one that Adderall unleashes .
Anxiety is nature ’s most plentiful stimulant .
Under its influence , trembling fingers fly .
The flood of energy released by my pills was , like the recent surge in productivity , a bracing but also troubling development .
How long would it last ?
What would happen when it slowed down ?
The writing I did on Adderall strikes me now , as I look back on it , as the work of a fellow trying to stay warm by burning semicolons .
It was high on intensity , rather low on feeling and marked by a certain jazzy , hectic tone .
The income it brought me got me over the hump , though , and I banked my savings , luckily .
That ’s because a new hump soon emerged , more massive and forbidding than the first .
And this time it was n’t financial , or merely financial .
It was systemic , biological .
It manifested as sores inside my mouth , a faint corona of gray hair and a case of hemorrhoids from nonstop sitting .
This update addresses a number of issues with Mendeley Desktop v0.9.0 . :
Improvements to Existing Features
Automatic Pubmed / Crossref title search during metadata extraction if no identifiers ( DOI , ArXiv , PMID ) are found
Hide the notification bar asking for login details when applicable
Improved the presentation of search results
Added tooltips to the document list for items that are n’t displayed in full
Improved detection and handling of unsuccessful responses from Mendeley Web during a sync
Increased stability of the internal PDF viewer ( more work is to follow on this )
Bug Fixes
Enable lookups from Google Scholar to verify document details
Fixed a crash when account details were entered or changed
Fixed an issue with file links being lost for documents in watched folders
Fixed an issue where multiple copies of a note would be added when editing several documents at once
Fixed an issue that prevented exporting libraries as BibTeX format
Fixed an issue related to closing Mendeley Desktop during a document import
A small number of other minor bug fixes that affected the overall stability
Fixed a problem with the system PATH variable when installing the Word plugin
Besides releasing a new version of Mendeley Desktop we also updated our catalog of research papers , the people directory , public collection pages , and the online library .
Now you ’re also able to import articles from APA PsycNET , IACR ePrints , and RePEc .
To see what has changed in previous updates of Mendeley visit our release notes page .
Few stories distill the question of human destiny as neatly as the 2000 movie Cast Away .
In it , Chuck Noland ( Tom Hanks ) , the sole survivor of an airplane crash in the South Pacific , ends up on an uncharted island .
As days become weeks , he slides into despair , realizing that no one is coming for him .
The years pass , and the permanence of his isolation sinks in , continually pounded home by the muffled roar of the surf breaking on the island ’s encircling reef .
From This Story [ × ]
CLOSE
Ride along on an unmanned lunar cargo trip with the VASIMR plasma rocket developed by Ad Astra , a company founded by former astronaut Franklin Chang Diaz .
The silent video starts with an animation of the VX - 200 experimental rocket in the company ‘s vacuum chamber , and compares the VASIMR with a chemical rocket .
A future operational VASIMR is then shown launched into low Earth orbit on a traditional , chemically powered rocket .
A second launcher delivers another , heaver load consisting of fuel , cargo , and a lunar lander .
These link up in orbit with VASIMR , which then switches on and burns argon for four months .
The spacecraft slowly accelerates , spiraling out of Earth ’s gravitational field and off to the moon .
The plasma rocket delivers 75 tons of cargo , whereas a traditional chemical rocket , though faster , arrives at the moon with just 35 tons .
Video : Ad Astra Video : Lunar Run [ × ]
CLOSE Photo Gallery
Noland can be thought to represent humanity on planet Earth .
Will we ever get off the island ?
We swam out to the reef a handful of times during the Apollo program , arguably our greatest technical achievement as a species .
But ever since , we ’ve been back on the beach .
Can we build the craft we need to break out ?
Voyager 1 , launched on an outer planet tour in 1977 , is now the most distant object humans have sent into space , having left the solar system after 32 years of voyaging at a little better than 38,000 mph .
At this rate , Voyager could get from New York to San Francisco in three minutes and 55 seconds , but would n’t reach the nearest star , Proxima Centauri , for 73,000 years .
( It ’s not headed there ; it ’s instead wandering toward the constellation Camelopardalis , where it will drift past its first star in about 300,000 years . )
But if Voyager were traveling at the speed of light , a little more than 670 million mph , it would take only 4.2 years , a journey almost imaginable .
“ We can see the theoretical possibilities of these things happening , but we just ca n’t get the engineering there , ” says Bob Frisbee , an engineer at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California .
Frisbee is one of dozens of U.S. scientists and engineers who are studying how humans could cross the vast gulfs of interstellar space in some meaningful time frame .
Frisbee is known for his work on a propulsion system that uses the energy released from collisions of matter and anti-matter .
His design uses a superconducting magnet as a nozzle to direct charged particles — produced by annihilating protons and anti-protons — to produce thrust .
“ Philosophically , this is the kind of brainstorming stuff that people were doing about how to get to the moon , ” says Frisbee .
“ What velocity ?
What kind of engine ?
What do we need to bring ?
And golly , they did it . ”
Frisbee , who , in his day job studies how electric propulsion could be used for future robotic missions , is also a member of the Tau Zero Foundation , a group of scientists , engineers , and laypeople who stroll the distant shoals of theoretical spaceflight .
Marc Millis , a physicist at NASA ’s Glenn Research Center in Cleveland , Ohio , created the foundation and maintains a Web site ( www.tauzero.aero) for the members , who have agreed to work together toward practical interstellar flight and to use this quest to teach people about science , technology , and our place in the universe .
From 1996 to 2002 , Millis ran what was , for NASA , an unusually future - oriented program called the Breakthrough Propulsion Physics Project .
The program acknowledged the limitations of rocketry as we know it and encouraged studies of faster - than - light travel using the properties of matter — gravity and electromagnetism , for example — and of space and time .
“ All in all , we ’re getting smart enough to ask the right questions , ” says Millis .
The field gained momentum in the 1990s , shortly after the publication of three papers , all analyzing geometrical properties of space - time , the coordinate system containing both spatial and time dimensions rooted in Albert Einstein ’s general theory of relativity .
The papers proposed that through the manipulation of space - time , objects could get around the universe ’s speed limit — the speed of light .
The first two papers offered mathematical equations describing shortcuts for getting from one place in the universe to another : so - called wormholes .
The third transformed the concept of warp drive from an element of science fiction , made famous by the TV series “ Star Trek , ” into a serious topic among theoretical physicists .
In that 1994 paper , Mexican physicist Miguel Alcubierre offered a mathematical proof that faster - than - light travel is possible within the constraints imposed by Einstein ’s general theory of relativity .
A spacecraft , Alcubierre theorized , would not dart across interstellar space ; instead , it would ride a wave in the fabric of space - time , traveling inside a “ warp bubble ” like a person standing on a moving sidewalk .
Some not - yet - defined force would work to condense the space - time ahead of the spacecraft and stretch out the space - time behind .
Millis has compiled the results of the Breakthrough Propulsion Physics Project and related work into a book of technical articles , The Frontiers of Propulsion Science , and members of the Tau Zero Foundation continue to exchange ideas and debate strategies , though a program no longer exists to fund experiments and observation .
“ We talk among ourselves and encourage each other to launch into projects , ” says Millis , “ and we ’ve been very successful with that , even without money . ”
One member , for example , is revisiting the British Interplanetary Society ’s Daedalus program .
Daedalus is a 1970s effort to invent a practical starship powered by nuclear fusion , the process in which extreme pressures and temperatures cause the nuclei of atoms to join , releasing energy .
The society is holding a symposium this month to reconsider the idea in light of the advances in relevant technologies made over the past 30 years .
“ I think back to the era of Dirac and Schrödinger and Einstein , ” says Millis of the great theoretical physicists of the early 20th century , Paul Dirac and Erwin Schrödinger , who shared a Nobel Prize in 1933 for groundbreaking work in quantum mechanics .
“ When they were having their pivotal meetings and sometimes heated debates , they were n’t being funded for that work .
They were just doing it because that ’s what they did .
And they made significant advances .
No document with DOI " 10.1.1.125.3074 "
The supplied document identifier does not match
any document in our repository .
White men were 100 % of the people that wrote the Constitution , 100 % of the people that signed the Declaration of Independence
So you 're telling me that African - Americans were not signers of a document that called them three - fifths of a person ?
Not signers of a document that said that " all men ( sic ) are created equal " , but at the same time humans of a different race were kept as slaves ?
What a shock .
I 'm sure it 's because women , African - Americans , Native Americans and other groups all had no interest in our burgeoning nation and just stayed at home when the white men did all the work .
If they had just shown up in Philadelphia , they would have been included .
Well , Pat , of course we know different .
But despite these prejudices , some of these groups did show up wherever they would be accepted .
One of these people was Peter Salem .
You know about Peter Salem , right Pat ?
No ?
Well , despite the fact that Massachusetts had once banned African - Americans from serving in the military , they decided that once they actually needed some troops in the French and Indian War , and then the American Revolutionary War , that they would take free Blacks into military duty .
So Peter Salem , a freed slave , took up arms and fought .
He fought at Concord , Saratoga , Stony Point ( even though , at one point , George Washington tried to ban him from service ) .
He even was the soldier who fired the shot that killed the commanding officer of British troops at Bunker Hill , one of the most important battles of the war .
Without that war , there would not be an United States - and Peter Salem was one of the heroes of that war .
But despite Peter 's heroism , Pat , you still continue to undermine the contributions of non-white men to our military , next in the Civil War :
100 % of the people who died at Gettysburg and Vicksburg
Well , let 's take Vicksburg first , Pat , you 're just wrong .
You must have forgotten about the Battle of Milliken 's Bend .
That was the battle where African - American soldiers defeated Confederates who were trying to cut a union supply line .
Now , Pat , obviously this was a battle during the Civil War .
But what does this have to do with Vicksburg ?
Well , that supply line the Confederates were trying to cut just happened to be Grant 's supply line who were laying seige to ... Vicksburg .
( By the way , I 'm not surprised that you did n't learn about this - after all , the National Park Service did n't even have an exhibit or monument about these troops until 2007 ) .
And now let 's talk about Gettysburg .
You 're right , most ( definitely not all ) of the people who died here were white men- you know , there were some laws that made sure almost everyone who joined the military was white and male .
But I want to tell you about who some of these white men were !
They were n't all the original settlers or the people who had signed that Constitution or the Declaration of Independence - no , some of them were - get ready for this , Pat - immigrants !
But Pat , I thought immigrants were invaders !
Oh , is that only when they come from somewhere other than Europe ?
White immigrants are OK and can be heroes , but " Asian , African and Latin American " immigrants are invaders ?
I 'll have to keep that in mind .
But then , Pat , you said this :
probably close to 100 % of the people who died at Normandy
At least you added " probably close " this time .
But even then , Pat , you 're just not close .
Did you read the news last month ?
About how African - Americans , who were treated better in Great Britain than the United States , none the less fought and died on the shores of France ?
Oh , this was in the Telegraph , not Breitbart .
Of course you did n't see it .
Now , Pat , I must admit that you did acknowledge that African - Americans did undergo discrimination , even as you discount their achievements as you do so .
But every ethnic group contributed in the World War II era .
Did you forget about the Native Americans who made a greater per-capita contribution than any other ethnic group ?
This despite the fact that , as Will Rogers once said , " The United States never broke a treaty with a foreign government and never kept one with the Indians " ?
Yes , their contribution was critical .
What about Japanese - Americans ?
While Japanese citizen internment camps had begun across our country , the men of the 442nd , despite their misgivings about how their government was treating them , fought bravely in the European theater ?
How about Latino - Americans ?
Latinos served all over in World War II , including Pedro del Valle , the Lieutenant General who led the seizure of Guadalcanal ?
Must have been an " affirmative action hire " , huh , Pat ?
And of course , Pat , I 'd be remiss if I did n't note that your " white men " comment is not only racist , but also sexist .
Women served in many different roles , including the Women 's Army Corps ( who , by the way , actually did n't have the same safeguards if they were captured - it seems that women were n't quite seen as " soldiers " by international treaties at that point ... )
( And yes , Pat , no less than Douglas MacArthur called women his " best soldiers " )
So , Pat , I have two things to say to you .
Instead of :
This has been a country built basically by white folks .
I say : This has been a country built basically by Americans .
Americans who were here before European settlers arrived and were dispossesed of their land yet still embraced America ; Americans who were brought over as slaves and suffered intense discrimination yet still embraced America ; Americans who came across borders in search of a better place , found some of its xenophobic faults , but still embrace America .
And Americans born both with and without a Y chromosome .
The second thing is , Pat , many of these people served despite the fact that some " white men " did n't want them to serve , because it would " hurt morale " or something like that .
I 'll let Admiral Fitzwallace make my argument here for me .
Yup , Pat - beat that with a stick .
Oh , and shut the hell up .
( EDIT : Rec List - thanks !
As I noted below in the comments , this diary started as a retort to Pat , but as I did a little research , it became more of a tribute to those non -" white men " who served our country in ways we cannot even imagine .
The true kudos go to them . )
Pupils at a Kent school helped to raise Marcus , the pet sheep , by hand – and then raised their hands in favour of having him killed .
Their ruthless display of realism had parents demonstrating yesterday in the hope of saving the doomed sheep .
Scores of children aged three to 11 had taken part in hand - rearing Marcus , the neutered ram .
But when they were given a choice of keeping him or selling him for meat so that they could buy other animals , they voted to send him to the abattoir .
But Marcus was offered a lifeline last night after the comedian Paul O'Grady offered to buy him .
He said it could join his own sheep on his land and he would ensure the school pupils were kept updated about its progress .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr O'Grady , who lives near Ashford , said it was " wrong " for children to be allowed to hand - rear and name a sheep before being told it could be sent to an abattoir .
He told BBC Radio Kent : " I 've got 11 sheep of my own that have all been hand - reared .
I will pay the school for him and bring him over here and he can go in with my sheep and have a ball .
" And I 'll keep the kids updated .
I 'll let them know on the show how he 's doing and I 'll send photos . "
Teachers at Lydd Primary School in Romney Marsh say rearing Marcus has taught its pupils the reality that meat comes from animals .
But yesterday , the school was picketed by irate parents , who claimed that some children were in tears over Marcus 's fate .
Jo Davis , whose eight - year - old daughter helped to raise the sheep , said : " This is the same as my daughter coming home from school to find her pet rabbit bubbling away on the stove in a stew .
My daughter was told it was no different to buying lamb from the supermarket .
I really do n't think this is the same thing . "
Another parent , who did not want to be named , described it as " more like Lord of the Flies than a normal day at primary school " .
Several people have let me know ( in blog comments and emails — thanks ! ) that they were having trouble building CHP 1.3.0 .
Thanks for doing so — I was able to replicate the problem and have just released version 1.3.1 which should hopefully fix it .
If it does n’t , please send me more emails and comments !
To upgrade using cabal , all you have to do is run : cabal update && cabal upgrade chp
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
WASHINGTON 
The nation ’s fiscal outlook is even bleaker than the government forecast earlier this year because the recession turned out to be deeper than widely expected , the budget offices of the White House and Congress agreed in separate updates on Tuesday .
The Obama administration ’s Office of Management and Budget raised its 10 - year tally of deficits expected through 2019 to $ 9.05 trillion , nearly $ 2 trillion more than it projected in February .
That would represent 5.1 percent of the economy ’s estimated gross domestic product for the decade , a higher level than is generally considered healthy .
The Congressional Budget Office , which unlike the administration did not account for the president ’s policy proposals in its latest report , increased its projection of deficits over the next decade .
Absent any changes in law , it said the deficit would rise to $ 7.1 trillion , from $ 4.4 trillion in March .
The C.B.O. did analyze the president ’s budget in June and concluded his proposed tax cuts and spending would push deficits through 2019 above $ 9 trillion .
While the administration now agrees with that figure , technical data in the new C.B.O. report suggests that if it were to review the Obama budget now , it would project deficits through 2019 above $ 10 trillion , analysts speculated .
The Protomen are a group of badass musicians that sing about all things Mega Man related .
Most of their rock - opera songs are original jams , but there are a few references to music from the Mega Man games .
Either way , the lyrics to their songs are beyond awesome and you 're doing yourself a horrible disservice if you have n't listened to their music yet .
Their new album , " Act II : The Father of Death " , was released this past week and contains 12 new songs from The Protomen .
You can get the new album from Zambooie for $ 10 or from Amazon for $ 9 .
It 's definitely worth the purchase .
Also , some of the tracks sound like ' 80s song , thus making them even better .
[ Thanks , Austin ! ]
Every time the media - or a Democrat - uses the phrase " Illegal Immigration " they are promoting one of Karl Rove 's most potent Republican Party frames .
Published on Wednesday , July 5 , 2006 by CommonDreams.org
Every time the media - or a Democrat - uses the phrase " Illegal Immigration " they are promoting one of Karl Rove 's most potent Republican Party frames .
The reality is that we do n't have an " Illegal Immigration " problem in America .
We have an " Illegal Employer " problem .
Yet it 's almost never mentioned in the mainstream media , because to point it out could slightly reduce the profits and CEO salaries of many of America 's largest multi-state and multinational corporations - who both own the media and contribute heavily to conservative politicians .
Republicans would prefer that the " criminals " covered in the press are working people , and that corporate and CEO criminals not get discussed .
As the Busby / Bilray contest showed , " illegal immigration " is a red - hot issue for American voters .
The Democrat Busby was way ahead until she committed a faux pas before a group of Latinos , leading to ( false ) media reports ( particularly on right - wing talk radio ) that she was encouraging illegal immigrants to vote for her in the upcoming election .
Her Republican opponent seized on this and hammered the district with ads for the last few days of the campaign ( while voting machines curiously went home at night with some of the poll workers ) , and now a Republican lobbyist has taken the seat of a Republican congressman convicted of illegal deals with Republican lobbyists .
Encouraging a rapid increase in the workforce by encouraging companies to hire non-citizens is one of the three most potent tools conservatives since Ronald Reagan have used to convert the American middle class into the American working poor .
( The other two are destroying the governmental protections that keep labor unions viable , and ending tariffs while promoting trade deals like NAFTA / WTO / GATT that export manufacturing jobs . )
As David Ricardo pointed out with his " Iron Law of Labor " ( published in his 1814 treatise " On Labor " ) when labor markets are tight , wages go up .
When labor markets are awash in workers willing to work at the bottom of the pay scale , unskilled and semi-skilled wages overall will decrease to what Ricardo referred to as " subsistence " levels .
Two years later , in 1816 , Ricardo pointed out in his " On Profits " that when the cost of labor goes down , the result usually is n't a decrease in product prices , but , instead , an increase in corporate and CEO profits .
( This is because the marketplace sets prices , but the cost of labor helps set profits .
For example , when Nike began manufacturing shoes in Third World countries with labor costs below US labor costs , it did n't lead to $ 15 Nikes - their price held , and even increased , because the market would bear it .
Instead , that reduction in labor costs led to Nike CEO Phil Knight becoming a multi-billionaire . )
Republicans understand this very , very well , although they never talk about it .
Democrats seem not to have read Ricardo , although the average American gets it at a gut level .
Thus , Americans are concerned that a " flood of illegal immigrants " coming primarily across our southern border is , to paraphrase Lou Dobbs , " wiping out the American middle class . "
And there is considerable truth to it , as part of the three - part campaign mentioned earlier .
But Dobbs and his fellow Republicans say the solution is to " secure our border " with a fence like that used by East Germany , but that stretches a distance about the same as that from Washington , DC to Chicago .
It 'll be a multi-billion - dollar boon to Halliburton and Bechtel , who will undoubtedly get the construction and maintenance contracts , but it wo n't stop illegal immigration .
( Instead , people will legally come in on tourist and other visas , and not leave when their visas expire . )
The fact is that we had an open border with Mexico for several centuries , and " illegal immigration " was never a serious problem .
Before Reagan 's presidency , an estimated million or so people a year came into the US from Mexico - and the same number , more or less , left the US for Mexico at the end of the agricultural harvest season .
Very few stayed , because there were n't jobs for them .
Non-citizens did n't have access to the non-agricultural US job market , in large part because of the power of US labor unions ( before Reagan 25 % of the workforce was unionized ; today the private workforce is about 7 % unionized ) , and because companies were unwilling to risk having non-tax - deductible labor expenses on their books by hiring undocumented workers without valid Social Security numbers .
But Reagan put an end to that .
His 1986 amnesty program , combined with his aggressive war on organized labor ( begun in 1981 ) , in effect told both employers and non-citizens that there would be few penalties and many rewards to increasing the US labor pool ( and thus driving down wages ) with undocumented immigrants .
A million people a year continued to come across our southern border , but they stopped returning to Latin America every fall because instead of seasonal work they were able to find permanent jobs .
The magnet drawing them ?
Illegal Employers .
Yet in the American media , Illegal Employers are almost never mentioned .
Lou Dobbs , the most visible media champion of this issue , always starts his discussion of the issue with a basic syllogism - 1 . Our border is porous .
2 . People are coming across our porous border and diluting our labor markets , driving down US wages .
3 . Therefore we must make the border less porous .
Lou 's syllogism , however , ignores the real problem , the magnet drawing people to risk life and limb to illegally enter this country - Illegal Employers .
Our borders have always been porous ( and even with a " fence " will still allow through " tourists " by the millions ) , but we 've never had a problem like this before .
And it 's not just because poverty has increased in Mexico - today , about half of Mexico lives on less than $ 2 a day , but 50 years ago half of Mexico also lived on the equivalent of $ 2 today .
Our trade and agricultural policies are harmful to Mexican farmers ( and must be changed ! ) , but we were nearly as predatory fifty years ago ( remember the rubber and fruit companies , particularly in Central America ? ) .
Yet fifty years ago we did n't have an " illegal immigration " problem , because back then we did n't have a conservative " Illegal Employer " problem .
As the Washington Post noted in an article by Hsu and Lydersen on June 19 , 2006 :
" Between 1999 and 2003 , work - site enforcement operations were scaled back 95 percent by the Immigration and Naturalization Service , which subsequently was merged into the Homeland Security Department .
The number of employers prosecuted for unlawfully employing immigrants dropped from 182 in 1999 to four in 2003 , and fines collected declined from $ 3.6 million to $ 212,000 , according to federal statistics .
" In 1999 , the United States initiated fines against 417 companies .
In 2004 , it issued fine notices to three . "
The hiring crimes of Illegal Employers are being ignored by the law , and rewarded by the economic systems of the nation .
Proof that this simple reality is ignored in our media ( much to the delight of Republicans ) is everywhere you look .
For example , check out a series of national polls on illegal immigration done over the past year at www.pollingreport.com/immigration.htm.
A typical poll question is like this one from an NBC News / Wall Street Journal poll conducted in June , 2006 :
" When it comes to the immigration bill , the Senate and the House of Representatives disagree with one another about what should be done on the issue of illegal immigration .
" Many in the House of Representatives favor strengthening security at the borders , including building a seven - hundred - mile fence along the border with Mexico to help keep illegal immigrants from entering the United States , and they favor deporting immigrants who are already in the United States illegally .
" Many in the Senate favor strengthening security at the borders , including building a three - hundred - and - seventy - mile fence along the border with Mexico to help keep illegal immigrants from entering the United States , and they favor a guest worker program to allow illegal immigrants who have jobs and who have been here for more than two years to remain in the United States .
" Which of these approaches would you prefer ? "
The question : " Or would you prefer companies that employ undocumented workers be severely fined or put out of business ? " was n't even asked .
The word " employer " appears nowhere in any of the questions in that poll .
Nor is it in the CBS News immigration poll .
Or in the Associated Press immigration poll .
Or in the Fox News immigration poll .
Only the CNN poll asked the question : " Would you favor increasing penalties for employers who hire illegal immigrants ? "
Two - thirds of Americans , of all party affiliations , said , " Yes , " but it went virtually unreported in mainstream media coverage .
" Illegal Immigration " is really about " Illegal Employers . "
As long as Democrats argue it on the basis of " illegal immigration " they 'll lose , even when they 're right .
Instead , they need to be talking about " Illegal Employers . "
Politically , it 's not a civil rights issue , it 's a jobs issue , as working Americans keep telling pollsters over and over again .
" Mass deportations " and " Fences " are hysterics and false choices .
Start penalizing " Illegal Employers " and non-citizens without a Social Security number will leave the country on their own .
And they wo n't have to confront death trying to cross the desert back into Mexico - Mexican citizens can simply walk back into Mexico across the border at any legal border crossing ( as about a million did every year for over a century ) .
Tax law requires that an employer must verify the Social Security number of their employees in order to document , and thus deduct , the expense of their labor .
This is a simple task , and some companies , like AMC Theatres , are already doing it .
For example , Cameron Barr wrote in The Washington Post on April 30 , 2006 , that : " At one area multiplex owned by AMC , the Rio 18 in Gaithersburg , 11 employees ' decided to resign ' this month after they could not rectify discrepancies that arose during the screening , said Melanie Bell , a spokeswoman for AMC Entertainment Inc. , which is based in Kansas City , Mo .
She said such screening is a routine procedure that the company conducts across the United States . "
Not wanting to be an Illegal Employer , the Post noted that AMC " has long submitted lists of its employees ' Social Security numbers to the Social Security Administration for review .
If discrepancies arise , she [ company spokeswoman Bell ] said in an e-mailed response to questions , 'we require the worker to provide their original Social Security card within 3 days or to immediately contact the local SSA office . '
She said the process is part of payroll tax verification and occurs after hiring . "
Easy , simple , cheap , painless .
No fence required .
No mass deportations necessary .
No need for Homeland Security to get involved .
When jobs are not available , most undocumented workers will simply leave the country ( as they always did before ) , or begin the normal process to obtain citizenship that millions ( including my own sister - in - law - this hits many of us close to home ) go through each year .
Republicans , however , are not going to allow a discussion of " Illegal Employers . "
Instead , they will continue to hammer the issue of " Illegal Immigrants , " and tie that political albatross around the necks of Democrats ( who seem all too willing to accept it ) .
Bob Casey , for example , was beating the pants off Rick Santorum in the Pennsylvania senatorial campaign , until Santorum began running an ad that says :
" Bobby Casey announced his support of a Senate bill that grants amnesty to illegal immigrants , shocking hardworking taxpayers all across Pennsylvania .
Now Casey 's trying to wiggle out of it by saying the bill does n't offer amnesty and requires illegal immigrants to pay their back taxes .
Either Casey did n't read the bill , or he 's trying to deceive you .
The Washington Times reports the legislation gives amnesty to 11 million who are here illegally , and paves the way for 66 million more immigrants to enter the country .
The bill also forgives two of the last five years of back taxes for illegal immigrants , something the IRS would never do for you .
This Casey - supported bill even gives illegal aliens Social Security benefits for the time they were here illegally .
Fortunately , Rick Santorum voted against the bill , and Rick 's leading the fight to make sure it never becomes law .
Now you know the advantage of having in our corner a fighter like Rick Santorum . "
Casey is still ahead , but the ad is visibly eroding his support .
As George Will pointed out in a June 18 , 2006 op - ed titled " Calculating Immigration Politics " :
" Many Republicans , looking for any silver lining in an abundance of dark clouds , think the immigration issue might be a silver bullet that will slay their current vulnerability .
The issue is , as political people say , a ' two - fer . '
Opposition to the Senate bill , and support for the House bill , puts Republican candidates where much of the country and most of their party 's base currently is -- approximately : ' Fix the border ; then maybe we can talk about other things . '
And opposition to the Senate bill distances them from a president who , although rebounding recently , has approval ratings below 40 percent in 29 states . "
Now even Bush is talking like the Republicans in the House of Representatives - time to " get tough " and give Halliburton a few hundred billion to build a fence .
But still nobody is talking about the real problem here - the Illegal Employers .
Hopefully one day soon a dialogue like this fictitious one may ensue on , for example , Face The Nation :
[ Bob Schieffer ]
Senator , do you really think the solution to the illegal immigration problem in America is to offer amnesty instead of building a fence ?
[ Senator Stabenow ]
Bob , I think you 've been drinking some of Karl Rove 's Kool - Aid .
Illegal immigrants are n't the cause of undocumented workers driving down wages in this country .
It 's caused by Illegal Employers .
We need to do something about these corporate criminals .
[ Bob Schieffer ( baffled ) ]
Illegal employers ?
But what about the illegal aliens ?
[ Senator Stabenow ]
Bob , the aliens would n't be here if they did n't think they could get a job .
Of course , we need to clean up US agricultural subsidies and trade policies that are causing human suffering in our neighboring countries , but to truly protect the pay standards of workers here in the United States we need to crack down on the Illegal Employers .
They 're the magnets that are drawing people in from all over the world , many of whom come in as tourists and then overstay because they get illegal jobs .
And these Illegal Employers are breaking the law - both immigration laws and IRS laws .
I suggest that we need to tighten up these laws against Illegal Employers , adding huge fines for first offenses , jail time for CEOs for second offenses , and the corporate death penalty - dissolve their charters to operate - for repeat offenders .
[ Bob Schieffer ( stammering ) ]
The , the , er , did you say " corporate death penalty " ?
You mean against companies ?
[ Senator Stabenow ]
Better companies die than human beings .
These Illegal Employers , in their quest for ever - cheaper labor , are drawing people to cross our borders in ways that cause many people to die in the deserts of the southwest .
These people were executed , for all practical purposes , by the policies of a few greedy and lawbreaking American companies .
When companies are repeat offenders , they should be dissolved , their assets sold to reimburse their shareholders , and let other , more ethical companies pick up the slack .
We used to do this all the time in America when companies behaved badly .
Up until the 1880s , an average of around 2000 companies a year got the corporate death sentence in the US .
[ Bob Schieffer ( bug- eyed ) ]
But what about the illegal immigration problem ?
[ Senator Stabenow ( patting Schieffer 's hand ) ]
It 's okay , Bob .
You should n't listen so much to those Republicans .
There is n't really much of an illegal immigration problem - it's an Illegal Employer problem .
When we clear up the Illegal Employer problem in this country , we 'll be back like we were before Reagan started allowing employers to behave illegally .
When non-citizens can't get a job , most of them will go home , as they always have in the past .
We do n't need a fence , we do n't need amnesty , we do n't need mass roundups or deportations , and we for sure do n't need guest workers .
We have as many unemployed citizens in this nation as there are illegal immigrants - in my state of Michigan , for example , Flint and Detroit have massive unemployment since Reagan and his corporate cronies declared war on working people .
When we get rid of Illegal Employers , that 's one step in helping the job market tighten up so that legal employers will have to pay a living wage to attract legal citizens to work .
That and rational labor and trade policies , and we can begin to restore our middle class and put our cities back together .
[ Bob Schieffer ( nodding ) ]
It makes sense , Senator .
An " Illegal Employer problem . "
Who would have thought of that ?
WACO , TEXAS -- Gallup data reveal that adherents of all the major world religions who attended religious services ( attenders ) in the past week have higher rates of generosity than do their coreligionists who did not attend services ( non-attenders ) .
Even for individuals who do not affiliate with any religious tradition , those who said they attended religious services in the past week exhibited more generous behaviors .
These findings are based on Gallup surveys conducted from 2005 - 2009 in 145 countries , which asked individuals about whether they in the past month donated money to a charity , volunteered time to an organization , and helped a stranger .
It has long been known that in the United States , religious attendance is associated with higher rates of volunteering and monetary donations , but the global data suggest the relationship exists in almost all countries .
For all three measures of generosity , those who attended religious services in the past week were more likely to say they engaged in the behavior than those who did not attend .
The largest difference is for volunteering , which increases from 18 % for non-attenders to 26 % for attenders .
The differences in generous behaviors between attenders and non-attenders are consistent within the vast majority of individual countries .
Statistical analyses of each of the 145 countries were run to examine the statistical relationship between the measures of generosity and religious attendance .
In almost 90 % of the countries surveyed , there was a statistically significant positive relationship between attendance and donations based on gamma values of the cross tabulations .
Similarly , in 87 % of the countries surveyed , a positive relationship existed between volunteering and attendance , while this was the case in 73 % of countries surveyed in regards to helping a stranger .
This suggests that the association between generosity and attendance of religious services is not dependent upon characteristics of a particular country , such as wealth or development , but rather a robust relationship globally .
This research extends the findings of Pelham and Crabtree by demonstrating that a positive association between religiosity and charitable behavior exists within the vast majority of countries .
What is less clear is whether it is religiosity in all its forms or only religious service attendance that holds such a relationship .
Generosity Worldwide by Religious Salience
The effects of religious attendance on generous behavior are much stronger than whether religion is important to an individual .
Of those who reported that religion was important part of their daily life , 30 % said they donated money in the last month , as compared with 29 % of those for whom religion was not important .
Similar findings exist for helping strangers and volunteering time .
In all three cases the differences associated with religion being important to the respondent are smaller than those between religious attenders and non-attenders .
Furthermore , when examining individual countries , in 62 % of countries surveyed , there is a statistically significant positive relationship between donating money and subjective religiosity among individual respondents .
A significant relationship is even less common with volunteering , existing in 38 % of the countries .
Similarly , helping a stranger is positively association in 48 % of the countries .
While religious attendance has a consistently positive relationship with increasing the generous behavior of individuals , it is far less common that simply viewing religion as important has such an effect .
Generosity Among the Religiously Unaffiliated by Attendance
This relationship between religious attendance and increased charity is true across all the major world religions , including Christianity , Islam , Judaism , Hinduism , and Buddhism .
At the same time , the effects of religious attendance on generous behaviors are not limited to the religiously affiliated .
Even for the religiously unaffiliated , religious attendance is associated with a higher likelihood of respondents saying that they have donated money , volunteered , and helped a stranger .
In particular , volunteering increased from 19 % to 29 % among secular respondents , while donating goes from 28 % to 36 % .
While these activities may be associated with the additional opportunities that religious organizations provide for donating money and time , the same relationship exists for helping strangers .
Although helping strangers is not always a behavior that religious organizations directly facilitate , 44 % of secular respondents who attended such services engage in such activities , but only 40 % of non-attenders said the same .
Conclusion
Studies on the relationship between generosity and religiosity have been largely confined to examinations of developed countries .
Gallup data make it possible to expand these analyses to countries in all regions of the world , while showing that a positive relationship between the two behaviors is very widespread .
Furthermore , this positive relationship exists when controlling for typical sociodemographic characteristics of individuals , including gender , age , and marital status .
These data also clarify the ways in which certain types of religiosity , such as attendance at a religious organization , are more closely associated with generosity than other measures such as the subjective importance of religion in one 's life .
For complete data sets or custom research from the more than 150 countries Gallup continually surveys , please contact worldpollpartners@gallup.com or call 202.715.3030 .
Buster G. Smith is a Post - Doctoral Fellow at the Baylor University Institute for Studies of Religion .
Rodney Stark is the Distinguished Professor of the Social Sciences at Baylor University and co-director of the Institute for Studies of Religion .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone and face - to - face interviews with more than 240,000 adults , aged 15 and older , conducted between 2005 and 2009 in 145 countries .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error ranged from a low of ±2.2 percentage points in Russia to a high of ±4.4 percentage points in Trinidad and Tobago .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Last night my younger sister and I had the pleasure of accompanying our 6 - year - old niece to a very fancy dinner at the Rainforest Cafe , and what began as a silly girls ' night out turned into quite a learning experience .
Advertisement
It 's easy to categorize your own childhood : my sister , who spent most of her days playing kickball , chasing frogs , and building forts in the woods would probably call herself a tomboy , and I 'd classify my preteen years as a geeky bookworm fest .
It 's easy for us to skim over our love of stick - on earrings and My Little Pony and Tinkerbell cosmetics , because such things do n't fit into the overall narrative .
Tomboys like mud , bookworms like hiding under the covers with a flashlight ; pink ruffles do n't seem to have a place in such stories .
Most people , I think , tend to block out the varied nature of childhood when piecing their memories together .
Perhaps it is this phenomenon that makes me so wary of Disney Princess culture , and the way little girls are being marketed to these days , as it often seems that the frilly pink , often submissive , at times oversexualized super girlie culture is the only one being pushed on kids .
But as my niece showed me last night , kids , as always , are smarter than adults give them credit for , and often enough they are able to balance the super girlie princess storylines with many other pursuits .
Advertisement
My niece , whom I 'll call Violet , showed up for our date with purse in tow , carrying a pink bag filled with bubblegum LipSmacker , quarters and pennies , and a stuffed cat named Snowflake .
" I have all my things , " she said proudly , tapping her bag .
" You 're quite the lady , " I told her .
She nodded in agreement .
On the way to the restaurant , she informed me that she was hoping to get some fish for Christmas , and that if she got a rainbow trout , she 'd name it " RainShine , because you need the rain and the sunshine to make a rainbow trout . "
After I recovered from the adorable punch in the ovaries , I told her that was great idea .
In order to get to the Rainforest Cafe , we needed to walk through the mall , and Violet stopped every two seconds to ooh and ahh over perfumes and " makeups , " and jewelry .
" I have to wear makeups ! " she squealed , cooing at the lip glosses on display .
What the hell was I supposed to say to this ?
My brain was screaming , " Oh for god 's sake , you 're 6 , you do n't have to wear makeups !
Nobody has to wear makeups !
Women of the world : you do n't need makeups ! " but the reaction I 'd have to a stupid Daily Mail article , I realized , was not an appropriate reaction to have to a six - year - old girl going through her dress - up phase .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And so , after dinner , we made two stops : one to the candy store , to buy a few sweets , and second , to a little shop where we tracked down a kid - friendly clear cotton candy lip gloss .
" It 's good , " Violet smiled as she put a tiny dab on .
She then went on to tell us all about her Halloween costume ( cheetah ) , her plans to bring chips to soccer practice , and her brothers and how they 're very silly .
Violet may be in to dresses and princesses and lip gloss and jewels , but she 's into a million other things as well , just like millions of other little girls her age — just like I was at her age , I realized .
I 'm still not a fan of princess culture , by any means , but I think balance is really the key , and any kid who loves lip gloss , her books , and her cleats is going to be just fine .
And as for Violet , when I asked her what her favorite part of the evening was , she seemingly forgot about the jewels and the lip gloss and said : " I 'd have to say it was the candy . "
A+ , kid .
Advertisement
Do you see this kind of thing with the little girls in your life ?
And if you 're a parent , how do you find a balance between princess culture and other things ?
Hello , I liked your picture .
I used your photo to make a video tutorial , I wrote and specified that this photo is not my property .
I wrote your name in the box info .
I hope you enjoy .
Thank you very much .
Link tutorial : [ link ]
TEL AVIV , Israel , Sept. 30 ( UPI ) -- Israel has taken delivery of two German - made submarines capable of launching missiles with nuclear warheads .
" We have received two Dolphin - class submarines built from Germany , " Israel and Arab media reported quoting an anonymous Israeli military spokesman .
Advertisement
Called U212s , the submarines were upgraded in Germany by Israeli technicians and engineers in order to enable them to carry nuclear warheads .
Initially in 2006 , when the sale was confirmed , the German government said the two vessels were not equipped to carry nuclear weapons .
The submarines were ordered in 2005 , and delivery was originally scheduled for 2010 .
With the latest delivery , Israel now holds five state - of - the - art U212s , designed for a crew of 35 and capable of launching cruise missiles that carry nuclear warheads to a distance of 2,810 miles .
The submarines are the most expensive weapon platforms in Israel 's arsenal .
Since the end of the Second World War and the mass murder of Jews under the Nazi regime , Germany has made it its historic obligation to help Israel .
The first two U212s were donated by Berlin to the government of Israel after the 1991 Gulf War .
It split the cost of the third with the Jewish state , offering it at an almost symbolic price , local media reported .
" The German government decided to deliver Israel … the five vessels and allow its experts to manipulate them in order to provide Tel Aviv with hardware needed to evacuate its entire nuclear weaponry arsenal on an appropriate fleet , while allowing it to be employed in warfare , " the Arab monitor reported .
It said the delivery was in violation of German law forbidding the export of military equipment or weapons of non-NATO countries engaged in warfare .
One of the subs delivered by the German government is permanently stationed in the Gulf , and Israeli media have said that the fleet of five vessels could be key in any decision by Israel to launch an attack on Iranian targets from the sea .
An Israeli submarine recently used the Suez Canal for the first time , anchoring in the Red Sea in a journey that would have normally required the Israeli vessel to travel around the coast of Africa .
Escorted in June by Egyptian navy vessels , the move was intended to send a message to Iran .
The delivery of the submarines follows Tehran 's missile tests earlier this week .
Israel suspects
Iran of trying to develop atomic weapons under the pretext of its civilian nuclear program .
Tehran has repeatedly denied the charges , saying it is acting well within its rights .
There is new evidence that high fructose corn syrup ( HFCS ) may be a culprit in what is known as Colony Collapse Disorder ( CCD ) , or the disappearance of honeybees .
Colony Collapse Disorder has killed off more than one - third of the bees in the United States .
Beekeepers know that when there is n’t nectar readily available to their hives , as in the winter months , some turn to supplements .
Traditionally it was ( guess what ) honey .
But that ’s what you want to harvest , so many turn to cheaper substitutions .
Cane or beet sugar , mixed with water , was seen as acceptable as long as you removed the part of the comb containing the sugar once bees started producing again .
It was important to keep the bees fed so they ’d keep brooding and ready to produce honey .
Except it has n’t only been the occasional sugar - water substitution .
We ’ve substituted the substitute .
People have also turned to high fructose corn syrup .
And once again , it seems our need for convenience and affordability has cost us : a new study shows that a contaminant from heat - exposed HFCS may be killing off the bees .
[ social_buttons ]
Long have pesticides taken most of the blame for colony collapse disorder .
Another culprit has been certain mites , which occur naturally in Asia but that Western bees cannot fight so easily .
But seriously , Cate ... high fructose corn syrup ?
Surely you ’re pulling my antenna .
Stay with me , here , guys .
Hydroxymethylfurfural ( HMF ) is a heat - formed contaminant and is the most noted toxin to honey bees .
HMF is not something that keepers can currently test for .
Researchers are working to find a solution to this part of the “ bee problem . ”
But for right now , farmers and keepers end up …hoping ?
Former FDA researcher Renee Dufault has tirelessly worked with me on the issues regarding high fructose corn syrup ( with more topics to come ) , and I thank her !
Image : Wikimedia Commons
Follow me on Twitter .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Doctor Jim Swire , whose daughter Flora was killed in the Lockerbie bombing , has praised the Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill for his ' ' brave ' ' decision in releasing Abdelbaset Ali al - Megrahi from jail on compassionate grounds .
The convicted bomber has terminal cancer and is being allowed to return home to Libya to die .
“ We are constantly looking at syllabuses at whatever level which stimulate teachers and pupils , ” he said .
“ Take science for example .
We felt that the new science GCSEs did not fit the intellectual aptitudes of our pupils .
We also thought they were not going to be a good stepping stone to A - levels and then university study .
Oh my god I remember this
Genius does n't even begin to describe this wonderful animation .
And I bet if Steven Hawking were to see this he would totally approve and give you guys a medal of sorts .
But seriously this is truely amazing
Here is Jim Carrey , Eric and Ramzy ( 2 french actors ) , in a short movie entitled Pecan Pie , directed by Michel Gondry .
The story of that short movie is as amazing as one could expect from Gondry :
A man ( Jim Carrey ) in his pajamas drives in a bed that moves like a car , while singing Elvis Presley ’s « Pecan Pie » .
I just love the moment when Jim Carrey is on the bed , dancing .
This short is only 1 ’ 24 , you have no excuse for not watching it .
Related posts :
Dueling Analogs caught this rare moment of Mario finding another “ companion . ”
Sorry if this photo is too shocking for the faint of heart .
Mario , whenever I look at you now , all I ’ll see are moobs .
( Man-boobs )
A ground - breaking hydrogen - powered city car , which has been designed in Britain and financed by the grandson of Ferdinand Porsche , is to be unveiled next week .
Autocar can reveal that the Riversimple Urban Car will have a far smaller fuel cell than in current industry prototypes and thus needs less hydrogen to be stored on board and in fuelling stations .
The vehicle is no bigger than a Smart car , weighing just 350 kg , and has been developed over three years by teams at Oxford and Cranfield universities .
It can reach 50 mph and travel in excess of 200 miles , consuming the equivalent petrol energy of 300 mpg in hydrogen .
Power comes from a 6 kw fuel cell , which is tiny compared to the 100kw system powering the Honda Clarity .
It uses a composite body to keep the weight down and four electric motors on each wheel , which double as brakes and electricity generators .
There is a bank of ultracapacitors to store this electricity , which in turn provides most of the accelerating power , allowing for a small fuel cell .
Design for the Riversimple cars will be placed online in an ' open source ' environment , meaning any small manufacturer can lease the design , better suiting local environments and allowing for the car to be built almost anywhere in the world .
The cars themselves will also be leased over 20 years , with fuelling included in the leasing cost , and the materials will be recycled at the end of each car ’s lifespan .
Hugo Spowers , head of Riversimple , said : " Cars evolved under very different constraints to those of today , so we must move on .
The sale of cars still rewards the maximisation of resource use – whereas we now accept that we must minimize resource use . ”
Sebastian Piech , grandson of Ferdinand Porsche , along with other members of the Piech family , have backed the project so far .
“ The Riversimple Urban Car represents a major step towards practical 21st century personal transport and towards the fulfilment of my great - grandfather ’s ambitions for accessible personal transport but this time combining his other passions : light weight and high efficiency , " said Piech .
Ten prototypes will initially be built and Riversimple hopes to team up with a city , possibly Cambridge or Peterborough , to roll out a pilot scheme .
The company says this will allow a hydrogen infrastructure to be developed alongside the introduction of the cars .
Do you know how many soldiers died at Little Big Horn ?
Neither do I. ( Editor 's note : about 270 US soldiers . )
The story of the battle may be rattling around in our brains , but the specifics ?
Forget about it .
If you have mastered time travel and are looking for someone to do your dirty work , why not zip back to that fateful day , grab someone who would have died , heal their wounds in the future , and then put them to work stitching up the ripped fabric of time ?
That 's the premise of Darkest of Days , and while it 's interesting on its surface , the game itself does n't seem to want to explore the concepts it 's built around .
Title Darkest of Days Developer 8 monkey Labs Publisher Phantom EFX Price $ 39.99 ( PC ) $ 49.99 ( Xbox 360 ) Platform Xbox 360 ( reviewed ) , PC
The first issue ?
If you actually did have a man in futuristic armor pop into a battlefield and grab someone , what would that person think ?
Would their mind break ?
What would they think of the view screen through which they get their orders between missions ?
Darkest of Days keeps your character mute , and he seems to simply shrug and accept everything that 's happening to him .
He 's sent to various wars to rescue people who can't die in order to keep the timeline safe , and the specifics of each conflict are explained to him as if he has our working knowledge of geography and politics .
It would be interesting to see our hero 's newfound bosses explain what a shotgun is , talk about what led to each conflict and where they took place , or help him deal with the fact he 's alone in a world he has no understanding of .
Instead everyone treats the setup like this sort of thing happens everyday .
The dialog itself sounds as if it were written by someone who speaks English as a second language , and if you turn on subtitles you 'll be treated to a number of misspelled words and typos .
Classy .
The game uses the brand new Marmoset engine , written specifically for this title , and the main feature seems to be the ability to show many enemies onscreen at once .
The problem is the graphics , to put it bluntly , are ugly .
On the 360 version the framerate is inconsistent , with a good amount of screen tearing and tiny pauses when you do something as simple as pull up the map or look down the barrel of your gun .
This would have been impressive on the PC around five years ago , but does n't get the job done these days .
Invisible walls also make an appearance ; it 's not rare to be stopped dead in your tracks while moving over the countryside towards your goal because the developer wanted you to go the other way .
In one scene you 're asked to hold off an advancing force , which proved rather easy .
I thought it would be fun to head a few feet in front of the fortified position in order to make the battle a little more interesting , but I was stopped dead in my tracks by an invisible wall .
In another case , I was following a path , walked through a flowing creek while the water effects glitched once or twice around me , and then hit an invisible wall on the other side .
You see , even though they told you that you can move forward and use any path to reach your goal in the missions briefing , they did n't mean that one .
I could go on .
No one seems to be bothered by your futuristic weapons .
The animations are clumsy , and running is more like a scurry as your gun bobs comically on the screen .
Get behind a turret and marvel at the lack of rumble and the sound effects that make it sound like a peashooter .
There are entire sections where you can simply run through groups of enemies ... and those ever - present invisible walls .
In one nod to the time - traveling story you 'll have to avoid killing enemies with blue auras around them ; these are people that are supposed to live .
You are given a weapon to take them out , or you can shoot them non-lethally , but you have to avoid killing them .
You 'll also bump into other groups of time travelers and ... well , let 's not give away too much of the story .
A reference to the events of 9/11 may have seemed like a good idea during development , but it just comes off as vulgar in the main game .
If you lost someone in the attacks , do n't worry , they may simply be fighting their way through time .
The concept is great : take a rescued soldier from the past and send him around time to fix what 's broken .
But no one seems to take the situations that would result from that decision seriously .
Turning the hero into an actual character instead of keeping him a mute nobody who never reacts to the extraordinary circumstances around him and making the enemies more than cardboard cutouts that exist only to run around and die might have salvaged this game , but that still would n't have helped the engine .
Even in the bargain bin , which is where you 'll find this in a week or two , this is an easy one to pass on .
Verdict : Skip
President who promised “ change ” backs renewal of Bush - era Patriot Act provisions
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , September 16 , 2009
President Barack Obama has once again betrayed his promise to restore liberties eviscerated by the Bush regime by pushing Congress to renew Patriot Act provisions that allow for warrantless spying on American citizens , even in cases where there is no link to terrorism whatsoever .
According to a Wired News report , the “ Obama administration has told Congress it supports renewing three provisions of the Patriot Act due to expire at year ’s end , measures making it easier for the government to spy within the United States . ”
Obama ’s support for the provisions should come as little surprise because he first voted for warrantless wiretapping of Americans in 2008 when he was an Illinois Senator , while also lending support for immunizing the nation ’s telecommunications companies from lawsuits charging them with being complicit in the Bush administration ’s wiretapping program .
One of the provisions Obama is pushing to renew is the so - called “ lone wolf ” provision , enacted in 2004 , which allows for the electronic monitoring of an individual without the government having to prove that the case has any relation whatsoever to terrorism or a foreign power .
This is in effect a carte blanche for the government to use every method at their disposal to spy on any American citizen they choose .
The “ lone wolf ” provision is opposed by the ACLU , whose legislative counsel Michelle Richardson told Wired , “ The justification for FISA and these lower standards and letting it operate in secret was all about terrorist groups and foreign governments , that they posed a unique threat other than the normal criminal element .
This lone wolf provision undercuts that justification . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Another Patriot Act provision Obama wants Congress to renew gives the government access to business , library and medical records , with the authorities generally having to prove that the investigation is terrorism related .
However , since according to Homeland Security guidelines the new breed of terrorist is classified as someone who supports a third party , puts a political bumper sticker on their car , is part of the alternative media , or merely someone who disagrees with the authorities ’ official version of events on any given issue , the scope for the government to use this power against their political adversaries is wide open .
The third provision Obama is pushing to renew allows a FISA court to grant “ roving wiretaps ” without the government having to even identify their target .
This is another carte blanche power that gives the state the power to monitor telephone calls , e mails and any other form of electronic communication .
Barack Obama swept into office on a mandate of “ change ” and a commitment to restore liberties that were eviscerated under the Bush regime .
Despite promising to do so , he has failed completely to overturn Bush signing statements and executive orders that , according to Obama , “ trampled on liberties . ”
Indeed , despite promising to end the use of signing statements , he has continued to use them .
Obama has failed to close Guantanamo Bay or any other CIA torture “ black site ” as he promised to do .
Obama has failed in his promise to “ reject the Military Commissions Act ” and instead has supported the use of military commissions .
Obama has continued to allow the rendition and torture of detainees , while protecting Bush administration officials who ordered torture from prosecution and blocking the release of evidence related to torture .
Obama has gone even further than the Bush administration in introducing “ preventative detention ” of detainees , ensuring people will never get a trial .
In restating his support for warrantless wiretapping of American citizens , Obama has once again proven that his promise of “ change ” was nothing more than a hollow and deceptive political platitude to ensure his election .
Since he took office , Obama has betrayed almost every promise he made and effectively become nothing more than the third term of the Bush administration .
This article was posted : Wednesday , September 16 , 2009 at 5:25 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
CodeIgniter Framework
PHP as an ideal programming language provides various frameworks that allow developers to develop the most innovative websites and applications .
Each PHP framework has been designed to provide some special features like ease of use , quick development , feature rich applications , eCommerce friendly environment etc .
Many of these frameworks are open source platforms allowing free web …
Conservatives protested mightily against these [ New Deal ] policies .
Every single Republican in the House voted against Social Security , for example , and the leading Republicans on the Ways and Means Committee [ the equivalent of knee jerk obstructionists Paul Ryan , Eric Cantor and Dave Camp of those days ] argued that " business and industry are already operating under very heavy burdens . "
They contended that Social Security and other forms of social insurance would cause more unemployment .
( Sound familiar ?
It should -- these are the arguments conservatives have used , and still use , every time a progressive economic program is proposed . )
The debate verged on hysteria : " Never in the history of the world has any measure brought here so insidiously designed as to prevent business recovery , the enslave workers , and to prevent any possibility of the employers providing work for the people " and " the lash of the dictator will be felt and 25 million American citizens will , for the first time , submit themselves to the figerprint test " ( the fingerprint test being a rather odd way of describing the GOP 's fera of big government ) .
[ Expect rightist hacks like Mike Pence and Jeb Hensarling to start using it on Fox News any day now . ]
One Republican [ the day 's John Ensign ] protested , " This bill opens the door and invites the entrance into the political field of a power so vast , so powerful as to threaten the integrity of our institutions and to pull the pillars of the temple down upon the hands of our descendants . "
[ R ] ight - wing radio talk show host Mark Levin said it was a sign that Graham is “ unreliable ... as a thinker and a leader . ”
Wendy Long , counsel for the conservative Judicial Confirmation Network , called it proof that Graham “ still lacks courage , statesmanship and an understanding of the Constitution and rule of law . ”
“ May his antics get the attention they richly deserve . ”
The response from Graham : Enjoy life in the minority .
In an interview with Politico Thursday , the South Carolina Republican defended his decision to back Sotomayor by laying out a broad critique of conservative activists who push “ ideological purity ” and refuse to cooperate with a Democratic Congress and White House .
“ If we chase this attitude … that you have to say ‘ no ’ to every Democratic proposal , you ca n’t help the president ever , you ca n’t ever reach across the aisle , then I do n’t want to be part of the movement because it ’s a dead - end movement , ” Graham said .
“ I have no desire to be up here in an irrelevant status .
I ’m smart enough to know that this country does n’t have a problem with conservatives .
It has a problem with blind ideology .
And those who are ideological - driven to a fault are never going to be able to take this party back into relevancy . ”
... [ B]y giving Sotomayor at least the patina of bipartisan support in the Judiciary Committee , Graham has infuriated activists all over again , robbing them of the opportunity to argue that Sotomayor is so far out of the mainstream that neither Republicans nor moderate Democrats could responsibly vote to confirm her ...
Club for Growth president Chris Chocola says Graham “ has it backwards . ”
“ It ’s not about purity , ” he said .
“ It ’s about sticking to the fundamentals in order to build a sustainable majority .
If you play a sport and you ’re not performing well , you do n’t say , “ I have to try 10 new things . ”
You ask , “ What are the fundamentals I ’ve forgotten about ? ”
The same thing is true in politics .
If you ’ve had a few bad cycles , what are the fundamentals you ’re ignoring ? ”
Graham calls that a recipe for a shrinking minority .
“ Nobody would appreciate the 30 - Republican - senator model more than Harry Reid , ” he said .
“ There ’s an element within the conservative movement that is looking for purity .
… I ’m looking for coalition building . ”
When FDR won a landslide victory against Herbert Hoover in 1932 ( 472 electoral votes to 59 , Hoover only winning 6 states ) , conservatives , whose policies had dragged the country into the worst economic catastrophe of its history , were surprised -- but not chastened or any wiser .
They felt they could obstruct Roosevelt 's policy agenda and scream " socialism " and predict apocalypse instead of working to clean up the mess they had made .
Roosevelt 's landslide in 1932 also gave Democrats majorities in the Senate ( 60 - 35 ) and in the House ( 313 - 117 , nearlythe Republicans in the House going down to defeat ) .
The orgy of hysterical GOP obstructionism did n't help them and they lost 14 more House seats in 1934 and another 15 in 1936 ( for a grand total of 88 against 347 for the Democrats and their allies ) .
Same thing in the Senate ; another 10 Republicans got dumped in 1934 and then 8 more in 1936 ( giving them a grand total of 25 senators to yell and scream impotently ) .
And yell and scream in exactly what they did .
Mike Lux exposes an eerily familiar - sounding conservative strategy from the 1930s in his uplifting book The Progressive Revolution Instead the pillars collapsed on the heads of the conservatives and Republicans .
Lux again : " The only Republican to win the presidency between 1932 and 1968 was war hero Dwight Eisenhower , and he governed as a moderate , never challenging the basic tenets of the New Deal policy .
Democrats controlled the House of Representatives for all but two terms after FDR 's election in 1932 , until 1994 , an astounding and unprecedented sixty - two - year run , and they controlled both houses of Congress for fifty - two of those years .
" Many mainstream conservatives are worried that Republicans , led by clueless GOP hacks like Limbaugh , Ann Coulter , Bill O'Reilly , Michael Savage , Jim DeMint , Paul Ryan , Sarah Palin , Mike Pence , lobbyist John Boehner secessionist Rick Perry , Mitt Romney , Tim Pawlenty and Eric Cantor , are following this disastrous playbook again -- banking , quite openly , on America failing -- and being seen to work towards national failure .
Earlier we talked about how Oklahoma fanatic Jim Inhofe admitted as much in his analysis of the debate over health care reform .
Listen to the deranged and treacherous Inhofe lying his head off on a far right radio show .
Another Republican conservative , though , Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) , is himself tasting the lash from the far right for not toeing the line of lockstep obstructionism .
Graham announced he would vote to confirm Sonia Sotomayor as a Supreme Court Justice and wingnutia exploded in rage .
There are very few Republican elected officials who are .
The only two other Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee who were expected to evenvoting for confirmation -- Chuck Grassley ( R - IA ) and Orrin Hatch ( R - UT ) -- are afraid of radical right activists who control the GOP in their own states and both have indicated they will vote no .
Are the Republicans digging their own graves ?
If we can look to political history to predict the future , we can expect more conservative losses in 2010 and 2012 .
Labels : FDR , Lindsey Graham , Mike Lux , the nature of conservatism
( Reuters ) - AMR Corp ’s American Airlines faces an increasing dispute with Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) regulators over allegedly improper repairs to at least 16 aircraft , the Wall Street Journal said , citing people familiar with the matter .
The paper said FAA officials suspect one of those planes was abruptly retired to get it out of sight of government inspectors .
The probe , which began several months ago , has raised red flags at the FAA about the Fort Worth , Texas - based carrier ’s willingness to properly disclose potential safety problems , the people told the paper .
According to the paper , the latest case is viewed as particularly serious because some FAA inspectors think the circumstances under which the airline suddenly chose to mothball one plane show the move was part of an effort to hide the extent of suspected defects .
The plane was ferried to the New Mexico desert in March for storage , the paper said , citing people familiar with the probe and company documents , which were reviewed by the Journal .
“ The FAA has provided American the opportunity to respond to its investigation , and we are in the process of doing so . ”
American spokesman Tim Wagner told the paper , but declined to elaborate , adding “ we believe conversations outside of that process are inconsistent with FAA regulations . ”
The FAA and American Airlines could not be immediately reached for comment by Reuters out of regular U.S. business hours .
Take Me To The River -- Life as a Verb The Greek philosopher Heraclitus once said " You can not step twice into the same river . "
The river is different every time .
At least that 's one interpretation .
In mathematical terms , a late friend once explained to me that Heraclitus ' statement could be translated as " A " never equals " A , " which is the opposite of the foundation for most of our mathematics and western civilization .
Start with A never equals A , and where would we be today ?
I would offer that " I " never equals " I " either , because we as humans are always changing .
We are never exactly the same person from minute to minute , and that change appears to accelerate when we enter the playground of Phase 2 in Busting Loose .
In linguistic terms , our shape - shifting selves are striving to be verbs and not nouns .
Instead of saying " I am a writer , " to be more accurate and dynamic , I might say " I write , " or " I make symbolic marks in certain patterns that some people take the time to decipher . "
Instead of saying " I 'm a filmmaker , " I 'd say " I arrange sound and images and create packets of digital information to be viewed by others . "
Instead of saying " I 'm an entrepreneur , " I might say " I create ways to make money flow . "
Granted , some people would think writer , filmmaker and entrepreneur are pretty sexy nouns , and I 've taken great pride over the years in being able to hand the words out like dollar bills or stick them on business cards .
But do they tell who I really am , in the hologram or as an infinite being ?
They 're all an illusion , just like the other terms I might use for myself , like unemployed bum or spiritual surfer .
The difference is that each noun comes with its own baggage .
Each verb comes with a possibility .
In quantum physics , nouns are the collapsed wave form .
Verbs are the zero field itself .
To integrate the metaphors , nouns tend to dam the river of life , while verbs tend to move it along .
" I write " means I do that thing when I am moved to do so , and implies I can do other things like make homemade sauerkraut .
" I am a writer " crystallizes whatever image and expectations of being a writer that you or I might have .
That expectation might incidentally include actual writing , but most days may be just about wearing a tweed jacket , thinking great thoughts and smoking a pipe in my library while I stare at the books on the shelves hoping to release my writer 's block .
All the energy I put into being a writer that does not include the actual writing , is time taken away from the possibility of growing rutabagas , climbing Mt. Everest or playing with a puppy .
I know a minor filmmaker with a famous name , which I wo n't mention here .
But you 've heard of the family .
The kindest thing I can say about this person is that as a filmmaker , he 's a great chef .
But I 've actually felt pity for him / me .
Not only is he a noun-y filmmaker , he 's got the extra added weight of the family name attached .
What might have initially seemed like a crown is probably more like a ball and chain .
I watched this person spend a lot of time creating an image of being a renegade filmmaker , dressing like an extra from " Easy Rider " and bossing people around as if his world was a real movie set , as if this type of behavior confirmed he was a filmmaker .
This , instead of actually making films .
He obviously feels compelled to follow in the footsteps of his family heritage and he occasionally has made a film , but as I said , his future is in cuisine .
Maybe chef just does n't sound as sexy as filmmaker .
I understand that this is his life path and there 's nothing wrong with it .
I do hope he gets to open his own restaurant some day .
But he is an interesting reflection to me about how we get caught up in meaningless roles .
I relate this all with a great deal more compassion now than I felt then because I see all my nouns being sucked into the black hole of meaninglessness as Phase 2 continues and I come face to face with all my discomfort and illusions .
At this moment in time , what do the terms filmmaker , father , writer , lover , journalist , radio host , brother , son , SOB , TV producer , sports junkie , ex-husband really have to do with anything ?
Not much , as far as I can tell .
They were simply nouns that I placed my power in for a time .
I 'm reclaiming my power from them -- even as I battle the tyranny of adjectives .
But do n't get me start on the judgment of adjectives .
Living the " verb life " means living free , living reactively , living without the burden of expectation and letting others do the same thing .
I 'm liking the fact that I 'm learning I 'm not who I thought I was all this time .
A savings account happens to be one of the safest options for opening an account with a financial institution .
This type of account yields interest on your deposit , although the interest is usually low .
Thus , it is generally used as a means to accumulate money that could be needed at any time .
The question is , is a savings account an asset ?
In answering the question , is a savings account an asset , it is necessary to understand that assets are whatever you own that has a monetary value .
A savings account can be considered as both an asset and a liability .
It is an asset because the fund in a savings account is usually accessible to the financial institution to invest it and generate more money both for the bank and for the holder of the account .
It is also considered to be a liability because , with a savings account , customers of the financial institution have access to withdraw their money at any time , thus the institution must be ready for these withdrawals and make the funds accessible upon the customer ’s demand .
Continue reading for more information on the subject matter .
Advantages Of A Savings Account
Operating a savings account has some benefits that we will be discussing here .
You must understand these benefits and get the right guide when deciding what type of account to open .
One advantage of a savings account that gives it an edge over other types of accounts is that it is relatively safe .
It is a low - risk account that does not make you lose your money .
When your primary concern is to keep your money safe , the savings account becomes your best option .
The fact that your financial institution is insured with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund keeps your deposits into your savings account very safe .
With this , you are guaranteed to get your money back when the institution is robbed or liquidated .
Thus , operating a saving account is a safer alternative to keeping your cash elsewhere .
With a savings account , you can gain access to your money whenever the need arises .
This feature is essential , especially in cases of unforeseen circumstances .
You can withdraw your money at any of the branches of the financial institution , use ATM cards , mobile codes , apps , and other online methods .
It has become easier by the day to do that .
There are ATMs everywhere that function around the clock to give you easy access to your money at any time of the day .
However , you must not exceed the limits for withdrawal per time .
You can also deposit money into your savings account at any time .
The amount of money you need to open and operate a savings account is very low .
It makes this type of account preferable for low - income earners , students , and regular people .
In some banks , you do not need any money at all to open a savings account .
Some also do not require a minimum balance in your account .
The essence of this is that you can withdraw all the money in your account when you want to .
Another advantage of a savings account is that it accrues interest on your money .
The money kept in your savings account keeps generating interest for as long as it remains there .
Although the interest it generates is not high , it is sufficient that no matter how little something keeps adding to the money you saved in your savings account .
The mere fact that the funds held in a savings account earn interest , it becomes a form of safe investment for the account holder , which is guaranteed unlike other volatile types of investment .
Your savings account allows you to automate payments .
With your card , you can make automatic payments out of your account without missing payments that are recurring .
It works in a manner that when the set time to make a particular payment approaches , the money is debited from your savings account for that payment .
The feature keeps you up - to - date with all your payments and helps you to avoid incurring any extra charges or lateness fees .
Disadvantages Of A Savings Account
It is a common notion that everything that has an advantage also has a disadvantage .
Operating a savings account is not different .
Like you have advantages you stand to benefit from when you operate a savings account , there are also disadvantages to this type of account .
One of the disadvantages of operating a savings account is that the interest rate is very low .
If you are planning to get rich or raise money for a future purchase , embark on a project , or come out of debt , a savings account is not the option for you .
The interest rates are so low that the returns on your money make little or no difference .
Some banks offer below one percent as interest per annum , which is very insignificant for investing your money for one year .
A savings account is subject to charges by your financial institutions .
The charges are usually almost consistent with the so - called interest that your money accrues over time .
Thus , the reality is that your savings account yields interest on one hand , and it is taken away on the other hand through charges that the bank imposes on the use of your account .
It was mentioned earlier that withdrawals from your savings account have to be within the federal limits .
The fact that there are these limitations on how much you can withdraw from your account serves as a critical disadvantage of operating a savings account .
When you exceed these limits and withdraw beyond what you are expected to withdraw in a month , you attract charges that have to be paid for exceeding these limits .
How A Savings Account Is Managed
Banks and other financial institutions manage savings accounts .
To maintain your account , they sometimes charge fees to cover for the cost of maintaining your account .
It is their responsibility to provide you with everything you need to access your savings account , like the information concerning your account , a passbook , and an ATM card .
The bank also gives you a periodic update about the activities on your account .
It does this by issuing you a statement of account .
The statement of account could be weekly , bi-weekly , monthly , or annually .
It could also be upon demand by the customer .
How Do You Open A Savings Account ?
Opening a savings account is a step that you need to consider your options and saving goals before you proceed carefully .
Different financial institutions have various offers for a savings account , so it will make a lot of sense to look at these offers , compare them , and chose a financial institution with a better offer that suits your needs .
To open a savings account , you need to get your documents ready and approach the bank .
After creating the account , you would need to fund it .
Please take note that some banks require a minimum amount of money before you can open a savings account .
However , for others , there is no such requirement , and you can open the account with no amount of money .
The Limitations On A Saving Account
There are federal limits on withdrawals for a savings account .
The imposition of federal restrictions on a savings account means that you cannot withdraw beyond certain limits from your account in a month .
The limitation on your savings account is that you cannot withdraw more than six times in a month from your savings account .
The restriction is imposed by the Federal Reserve Board Regulation D. When you try to withdraw beyond this limit , the bank will either decline your request for withdrawal or charge you fees on them .
What Differentiates A Savings Account From A Checking Account ?
A savings account is different from a checking account in some ways .
It is these differences that you need to take note of when deciding to be sure that the option of a savings account is the best fit for you .
A checking account is designed for your day - to - day use .
Thus , you have easy access to your funds every day .
However , your money in a checking account does not yield interest , even though it has other benefits .
Although , a savings account and a checking account share similar features , the fact that there are no limits imposed on a checking account and that it can be used everyday differentiates it from a savings account .
Therefore , you must evaluate your needs to know which of them will work for you
Conclusion
Are you indecisive about whether or not you should have a saving account and is probably asking , is a savings account an asset ?
The answer is right in front of you .
A savings account could be an asset and a liability at the same time , depending on how you look at it and the angle from which you are viewing it .
However , the reality is clear to you , and you can make an informed decision that suits your needs .
You May Like This Article As Well :
Is Investing In Stocks Worth It ?
Hand grenade confiscated at elementary school
Posted Friday , September 18 , 2009 10:34 pm
The comment by the student -- who was not charged and was identified by police and school officials only as a boy of early elementary - school age -- had forced police to evacuate children and school staff members to nearby Town Hall before the school building was deemed safe enough for everyone to return and continue the school day .
According to the Hinsdale Police Department , a local emergency response team and members of the state police bomb squad were dispatched to Kittredge at 8:45 a.m.
Thursday , the same day that school principal Debbie White was attending a county - wide conference on emergency preparedness at Berkshire Community College .
" We received a report that a child had brought what appeared to be a real grenade to school , " Sgt. Nicole Morris told The Eagle on Friday .
Members of the state police bomb investigation unit identified the device as an " inoperable training hand grenade " after inspecting it for approximately 40 minutes , Morris said .
Article Continues After Advertisement
" Everything was safe and done by the book , " she said .
According to a letter that acting Superintendent of Schools James Stankiewicz sent home to parents on Thursday , the device was believed to have come from an army surplus store .
Article Continues After These Ads
The superintendent said the student who brought in the grenade did say he was going to blow up the school , but that the boy also said he thought it was show - and - tell day .
" The students and staff were never in danger ; however , all precautions were taken to ensure everyone 's safety at all times , " the superintendent 's letter read .
Article Continues After Advertisement
The adult who confiscated the grenade was not identified .
Morris said Friday that Hinsdale police were n't planning to press criminal charges against the boy , but that the state Department of Children and Families was notified of the incident and the child 's identity .
Stankiewicz said Friday that the boy 's parents were immediately notified of the situation and have been asked to keep him home for a few days while the school and police departments finish their evaluations of the incident .
Stankiewicz said the child 's age will be taken into consideration in the evaluation , and the school district will try to provide any support services the child and family may need .
Intel iAPX 432
Computer Science 460
Final Project
Group 4 : David King , Liang Zhou , Jon Bryson , David Dickson
April 15 , 1999
TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION *
ARCHITECTURAL CLASSIFICATION
*
INTENDED APPLICATIONS
( S ) *
INSTRUCTION SET *
GENERAL *
DATA TYPES *
ADDRESSING MODES / FORMATS *
HIGH -LEVEL LANGUAGE SUPPORT *
OPERATING SYSTEM SUPPORT *
PROCEDURE CALLING SUPPORT *
TASK SWITCHING *
CPU RESOURCES *
REGISTER SET *
FUNCTIONAL UNITS *
INTERNAL BUSES *
CONTROL UNIT *
EXTERNAL BUS STRUCTURE *
INSTRUCTION FETCH AND EXECUTION *
MEMORY SYSTEM *
OVERVIEW *
ADDRESS TRANSLATION *
CACHE *
INTERLEAVING *
MEMORY MANAGEMENT *
SUPPORT FOR SHARING MEMORY BETWEEN PROCESSORS *
INTER -PROCESSOR COMMUNICATIONS
NETWORKS *
I/O SYSTEM *
SYSTEM SPEED *
EXCEPTION PROCESSING *
INTERRUPTS AND TRAPS *
CONCLUSION *
REFERENCES *
INTRODUCTION
In 1975 , Intel began work on a microcomputer system project .
The goals for this system were large - scale computational power , incremental performance capacity , highly dependable hardware and software , and increased programmer productivity .
Six years later , in 1981 , Intel announced a new processor :
" The Intel iAPX 432 represents a dramatic advance in computer architecture : it is the first computer whose architecture supports true software transparent , multiprocessor operation ; it is the first commercial system to support an object - oriented programming methodology ; it is designed to be programmed entirely in high - level languages ; it supports a virtual address space of over a trillion bytes ; and it supports on the chip itself the proposed IEEE - standard for floating point architecture . "
( I , 242 )
The development of the iAPX 432 system might be considered the most significant architectural development of 1970s ; it was an ambitious super - CISC , object - oriented VLSI microprocessor .
It achieved the integration of software operations in hardware by having many operating system functions in hardware and microcode ( it provides a collection of mechanisms in hardware , leaving the selection of policies to the software ) .
This was partially due to an attempt to implement in silicon a system similar to Carnegie - Mellons Hydra operating system .
The 432 employs protection and addressing concepts to limit the consequences of errors , has a heavy emphasis on encouraging good software - structuring practices , has aids for software testing and debugging , and has mechanisms that reduce the complexity of operating systems and other system programs .
( II , 335 )
The 432 challenged the limits of the technology available at the time ; it was so complex that 3 chips ( 4 in the final release ) were required to contain all the hardware .
The 432 failed commercially as a processor but was a major learning experience for Intel ; it was a success of sorts that the final product performed correctly .
ARCHITECTURAL CLASSIFICATION
The Intel iAPX 432 was a " micromainframe " 32 - bit microcomputer system composed of three chips ( see Figure 1 ) .
Two of the chips , the 43201 and the 43202 , made up the general data processor ( GDP ) .
The third chip , the 43203 , was the interface processor ( IP ) .
All three of the 64 - pin chips were manufactured with the semiconductor process ( high - density metal oxide semiconductor : HMOS ) using a quad in - line package ( QUIP ) .
Each chip used less than 2.5 watts from a single 5 - volt supply .
The iAPX 432 , having a combined total of around a quarter of a million devices , fell into the VLSI category of integrated circuits ( III , 601 ) .
The 432 had a MIMD , stack - based architecture , which was designed to be a multiprocessor system that could accommodate a total of six processors , each either a GDP or IP .
INTENDED APPLICATIONS (S )
The Intel iAPX 432 was specifically designed to facilitate the development of large , reliable , software - intensive applications ( I , 170 ) .
Applications such as patient monitoring , nuclear power plant instrumentation and control , and factory / office systems are just a few examples of systems that demand this type of software ( I , 172 ) .
With the iAPX 432 having such great hardware capabilities , its use was also favored in areas such as database and transaction processing ( I , 167 ) .
The iAPX 432 was intended for use with the Ada programming language ; both Ada and the iAPX 432 were developed at about the same time to solve similar problems .
Later iAPX processors , including all releases of the 432 , were designed explicitly for Ada while earlier iAPXs simply had an Ada - like assembly language ( IV , 47 ) .
INSTRUCTION SET
GENERAL
The iAPX 432 had 230 , four - field instructions .
The first two fields , the class field and the format field , specify the number of operands in the instruction and how they should be accessed .
The third field is the reference field ; it contains the logical addresses of the operands .
The operands can be scalars , vectors , or records and can number from zero to three .
The last field specifies the operator ( I , 162 ) ( see Figure 2 ) .
The instruction set is fully symmetric in that all addressing modes are available for all operands and all operators exist for all data types .
Instructions are stored in a special memory segment and are read in 32 - bit sections as a stream ( III , 603 ) .
Instructions are bit variable covering a range from 6 up to and beyond 300 bits in length using Huffman encoding ( I , 171 ) .
DATA TYPES
Data manipulation can take place in the form of eight - bit characters , ordinals ( 16 and 32 - bit ) , integers ( 16 and 32 - bit ) , floating - point variables ( 32 , 64 , and 80 - bit ) , bit strings , arrays , records , or " objects . "
The longest supported data type is the extended precision floating point type .
In the iAPX 432 , this type is an 80 - bit temporary real data type , which is defined in the IEEE floating - point standard .
The aforementioned " objects " are treated as single entities and their internal organization is hidden and protected from other hardware procedures .
These objects have their own sets of instructions for direct manipulation , just as the high - level language objects of C++ and Ada do .
Some of the hardware - defined objects are as follows : processor ( representing the physical processors ) , process ( representing the individual computing tasks ) , context ( representing the activation of a program unit ) , dispatching - port ( a queue that provides a stream of work for a set of processors ) , and communications - port ( supporting inter- process communication and synchronization ) .
Objects have supported messages : process messages ( SEND , WAIT ) , context ( CALL , RETURN ) , storage pools ( ALLOCATE , TYPE ) , and processes ( SCHEDULE , DISPATCH ) .
Objects allow users ( or the operating system ) to conceptualize their own virtual machines .
Using objects as described above gives way to simplified multiprogramming and multiprocessing ( I , 160 ) .
ADDRESSING MODES / FORMATS
The iAPX 432 has four addressing modes :
Base and indexed direct Base indirect and indexed direct Base direct and indexed indirect Base and indexed indirect
Base and indexed direct is for accessing scalars .
Base indirect and indexed direct is used to access records .
Base direct and indexed indirect is used for accessing static arrays .
Finally , base and indexed indirect is used for accessing dynamic arrays ( I , 163 ) .
HIGH -LEVEL LANGUAGE SUPPORT
The Intel iAPX 432 was designed to support the Ada programming language to allow for easier creation of highly dependable software ( I , 157 ) .
Ada provides object - orientated programming , modular programming support , compile time error checking , and configurable run-time error checking ( I , 172 ) .
The 432s machine language implements most of the features of Ada , including multiprocessing support for primitives ( threads ) ( IV , 56 ) .
Sections of the iAPX 432s process management mechanisms are conformed to follow the tasking model in the Ada language ( II , 336 ) .
The emphasis on Ada turned out to be a mistake ; everyone ignored the militarys attempt to make it the primary language .
The unpopularity of Ada was second to speed as a main reason for the failure of the 432 .
OPERATING SYSTEM SUPPORT
Operating system functions were partitioned between the silicon operating system and a software operating system .
This was done to prevent limitations of the types of operating systems that could be implemented on the iAPX 432 .
Low level functions ( referred to as mechanisms ) , such as sending messages and dispatching processes , are required by all operating systems and were implemented in the silicon .
Policy decisions , such as choosing a scheduling algorithm , are functions that can only be decided by users and thus were left to the operating system software .
A five to ten - fold performance improvement was the result of separating the mechanisms and the policies ( I , 173 ) .
ROM memory was used to implement the operating system microcoded routines in the iAPX 432s " silicon operating system " ( III , 26 ) .
PROCEDURE CALLING SUPPORT
The iAPX 432 has a low - level call / return mechanism .
The use of a parameter list and the initialization of local variables are supported but must be handled by instructions that are external to the call / return mechanism ( II , 340 ) .
TASK SWITCHING
The 432 implemented low - level features of task switching in the hardware , including storing the process context .
The lack of user accessible registers means that context switches are fairly efficient .
Processes are created with a virtual machine environment ; each process only " sees " one processor and thinks that it is in control of a full machine ( II , 366 ) .
There are no privileged instructions so either the operating system or the processes themselves can arrange scheduling ; this requires the process to set up operating system - like structures and is not used for most applications .
Normally , FIFO is used to schedule processes , but either priority or deadline scheduling can be used for the most important tasks .
A process can request a delay if some number of clock cycles will be needed before execution can continue .
Delayed processes go to a delay port ( a queue ) until their time is up .
Queues , called dispatch ports , can be arranged in various ways depending on the operating system and the number of processors ; they send processes to a processor using the given scheduling algorithm .
Processes can control the amount of time they are in the processor before being switched if the normal time slice is not sufficient ; this also requires extra code and is used only for very specialized applications ( II , 371 ) .
CPU RESOURCES
REGISTER SET
Due to the iAPX 432 having a multiple - chip organization , its register structure is not like that of other chips .
There are no registers that are visible to the programmer ( I , 176 ) .
The reference generation unit ( RGU ) and the data manipulation unit ( DMU ) in the 43202 perform the functions that are traditionally associated with registers .
Processing can be done by using the stack or by operating on variables in memory .
The RGU utilizes a 43 - bit by 20 - entry register array to facilitate address translation and access right verification .
The DMU has its own set of operand registers , implemented as double - ended queues , which are used to optimize arithmetic calculations on variable - length operands over a fixed - length bus .
Intel states that compiler complexity is lessened by keeping registers " behind the scenes " as opposed to them being visible features of the architecture ( I , 161 ) .
FUNCTIONAL UNITS
The General Data Processor , comprised of the 43201 and 43202 chips , contains the units for instruction decoding and microinstruction execution ( the IDU and MEU respectively ) .
The IDU contains two functional sub-units , an instruction decoder and a microinstruction sequencer ( see Figure 3 ) ( I , 161 ) .
The MEU contains the two subprocessors mentioned in the register set section , the DMU and the RGU ( see Figure 4 ) .
The DMU has several functional units : a variable length bit field extractor ( a barrel shifter ) , two double - ended queues , processor state registers , a constant ROM , and two system timers .
These functional units allow the DMU to efficiently implement the macroinstruction set .
The RGU also contains a number of functional units .
These include : four independent stacks , a register array , an adder , an unsigned magnitude comparator , and a content addressable memory ( CAM ) .
These units support the virtual memory addressing mechanism of the GDP architecture .
To control fixed and variable cycle microinstructions , the DMU and the RGU are equipped with state machines ( I , 175 -178 ) .
There are two functional units within the Intel 43203 Interface Processor  the data acquisition unit ( DAU ) and the microexecution unit ( MEU ) ( see Figure 5 ) .
Address mapping , data transfer , and access control are controlled by the DAU .
The DAU provides up to five windows that access different sections in the main memory of the 432 .
Interrupt handling and execution take place in the MEU , which is a microprogrammed machine ( I , 153 ) .
These two functional units , the DAU and the MEU , contain four unique circuits .
The DAU has a static CAM and a byte packing buffer .
The MEU houses a structure for handling interrupts and a 2 K by 16 - bit , 2 - bit - per cell ROM ( I , 183 ) .
In more comprehensive detail , the MEU contains the interrupt controller , an address sequencer , the 2 K by 16 - bit microcoded ROM , a microinstruction bus and decoder , a 16 - bit ALU , and all of the internal working registers ( I , 187 ) .
INTERNAL BUSES
The 43201 and 43202 chips that make up the General Data Processor are tightly coupled via a local 16 - bit microinstruction bus .
The General Data Processors MEU has seven major data buses : three of these buses are used by the RGU , three by the DMU , and the last is used as a microinstruction control bus ( I , 179 ) .
The 43203 Interface Processor also contains a number of buses .
These buses include : address , microinstruction , internal ACD , displacement , interrupt address , PS data and PS address ( I , 184 ) .
CONTROL UNIT
" Both the GDP and the IP are microprogrammed , each containing a 4 K by 16 - bit and a 2 K by 16 - bit ROM , respectively " ( III , 601 ) .
Microcode for the General Data Processor is allocated for several functions including : basic instruction set ( 6 % ) , floating point arithmetic ( 10 % ) , run -time environment ( 10 % ) , virtual addressing ( 7 % ) , fault handling ( 4 % ) , silicon OS ( 40 % ) , multiprocessor control ( 13 % ) , and debugging services ( 2 % ) ( I , 179 ) .
The microcoded ROM in the IP contains the microprogram that is executed by the chips microexecution unit ( I , 185 ) .
EXTERNAL BUS STRUCTURE
External busing is facilitated through the Intel Multibus .
The Multibus is used as a component in the interrupt - driven I/O processing environment of the iAPX 432 system ( I , 171 ) .
Each Multibus connects an associated processor ( such as an Intel 8086 ) , local memory and I /O devices .
The IPs transfer data between Intel 432 memory and Multibus local memory ; all I/O is actually performed by the associated processor ( VII , 160 ) .
INSTRUCTION FETCH AND EXECUTION
In the iAPX 432 , the fetching and executing of instructions is implemented on separate chips .
The 43201 is the instruction decoding unit , which fetches and decodes instructions , and the 43202 is the microexecution unit , which executes decoded instructions from the 43201 and then generates addresses for memory accesses ( III , 198 ) .
The General Data Processor ( GDP ) is internally designed as a three - stage microprogram - controlled pipeline .
The stages are the instruction decoder , the microinstruction sequencer , and the execution unit .
The first two stages are located in the 43201 and the third is in the 43202 .
The instruction decoder in the 43201 receives macroinstructions , processes variable - length fields , extracts logical addresses , generates starting addresses for the microinstruction sequences , and generates microinstructions for simple operations .
The microinstruction sequencer ( the second stage of the pipeline ) issues microinstructions to the execution unit ( the 43202 ) , executes microinstruction sequences out of its ROM , responds to the bus control signals , invokes macroinstruction fetches , and initiates interprocessor communication and fault - handling sequences .
The execution unit ( the third stage of the pipeline ) is made up of two independent subprocessors , the data manipulation unit ( DMU ) and the reference generation unit ( RGU ) .
These subprocessors are controlled by separate sequencers .
The reference generation unit handles memory accesses and performs memory mapping , while the data manipulation unit houses the ALU ( III , 602-604 ) .
The processing units are clocked in two - phases at eight MHz to yield a minimal microcycle time of 125 - nsec ( III , 601 ) .
To achieve single - cycle microinstruction execution , the MEU in the interface processor was highly pipelined .
The MEU pipeline has five stages .
In the first stage , interrupt requests and grants take place as well as microaddress computation .
During the second stage , the microcode ROM is accessed .
Next , in the third stage , the microinstruction is decoded , the operands are accessed , and the interface signals are sampled .
The fourth stage involves data movement and performing ALU operations .
In the fifth and final stage , the 432 interface signals are driven .
At any given time , there may be up to five microinstructions in different stages of completion in the pipeline ( I , 187 ) .
MEMORY SYSTEM
OVERVIEW
The total physical address size for the iAPX 432 is 224 bytes while the upper limit on the logical address space is 240 bytes .
At any given moment , the maximum logical addressing environment for a program is limited to 232 bytes ( I , 157 ) .
The speed of this memory allows a 32 - bit word to be transferred in 250 nanoseconds ( I , 165 ) .
A segmented memory layout is used in the iAPX 432 .
There may be up to 224 ( approximately 16 million ) segments with each segment being 216 bytes .
This gives a total virtual space of 240 bytes ( more than one trillion bytes ) ( III , 488 ) .
Segments can be either access segments or data segments ( I , 163 ) .
ADDRESS TRANSLATION
A two - level mapping mechanism is implemented on the 43202 .
A logical address is translated into a physical address by looking in a segment table for a segment descriptor .
The segment descriptor contains the starting physical address , the length of the segment , and the type of the segment ( data or access ) .
Using the two - step mapping process , the access descriptor selects the segment descriptor , which then leads to the offset in memory where the data is located .
Program modules are given a collection of segment numbers that it may need to access ; no other access is allowed .
This is the access environment of the module ; it is stored in a segment of its own called the access segment .
Other segments are data segments that contain the data and instructions of the modules .
Modules that try to access segments that are not in its access descriptors produce a fault ( III , 488 ) .
CACHE
The iAPX 432 uses an internal associative cache to decrease the time of the address translation process .
The segment descriptors and address descriptors ( as well as the addresses of commonly accessed items like the segment table ) that were most recently used are all stored on the chip ( III , 488 ) .
The cache was too small ; it improved performance but not enough to compensate for the slow memory accesses caused by error checking and other similar problems ( V ) .
INTERLEAVING
In 1983 , the Bus Interface Unit ( BIU ) ( a fourth chip ) was introduced to the iAPX 432 system .
The BIU was designed for multiprocessor support ; it allowed up to 63 modules on a single bus and up to 8 independent buses .
This allowed memory interleaving , which helped to speed up memory access ( V ) .
This also helped to overcome the problem of bus saturation caused by all processors communicating through one bus ( I , 172 ) .
MEMORY MANAGEMENT
The iAPX 432 uses segment - specific protection and user - specific protection ( III , 22 ) .
The protections slowed memory access ( effectively ) as a second memory location often had to be read to verify the access rights of the current process .
SUPPORT FOR SHARING MEMORY BETWEEN PROCESSORS
In the iAPX 432 , multiple processors are able to use a common memory bus through the use of the Packet Interconnect Protocol .
This protocol allows for separate packets for requests and replies , all of which are of varying lengths to yield maximum bus efficiency .
The Packet Interconnect Protocol only details the logical implementation of the bus and so the physical implementation is left to the user .
This way , the user can shape the structure of the physical bus to meet needs of the specific application .
Data buses can be implemented sixteen , thirty - two , or sixty - four bits wide ( I , 171-172 ) .
INTER -PROCESSOR COMMUNICATIONS
NETWORKS
Communication among the General Data Processor , the Interface Processor , and memory takes place via packet - based interconnect bus ( III , 601 ) .
This interconnect bus functions by sending " packets . "
By sending these packets , processors are able to communicate with each other as well as with memory .
Separate packets are sent for requests and replies ; they are variable in length and may contain from one to sixteen bytes of information .
Variable length packets make efficient use of the interconnect bus since the bus is only tied up for the time required to send each packet .
To exemplify how the interconnect bus functions , suppose a processor wants to access a slave ( see Figure 6 ) .
This processor would generate a request packet ( which would include items such as an address , byte count , type of request , etc. ) and put it out on the interconnect bus .
The processor would then expect a reply packet to come back from the slave if the request specified a read cycle .
If a read operation were requested , the slave would respond by sending a reply packet to the processor once it was ready .
In the interval between the sending of the request and the sending of the reply packet , other processors are able to use the interconnect bus .
An even greater level of efficiency can be achieved by widening the interconnect bus ( III , 213-214 ) .
Communication between processors and memory , as well as between multiple processors , uses a single bus .
Therefore even a small number of processors quickly causes the bus to become saturated , which greatly slows the system ( I , 172 ) .
I/O SYSTEM
I/O is performed by processor subsystems , which provide intelligent , independent , and decentralized I/O for the iAPX 432 .
These subsystems can process concurrent I/O requests and can initiate them as well ( I , 171 ) .
The subsystems communicate with the 432 via the Interface Processor ( IP ) , the 43203 .
The IP provides I/O facilities that are fully independent and decentralized .
It also maps a portion of the peripheral subsystem address space into the system memory .
A peripheral subsystem is an independent microcomputer system that has its own local memory , I/O devices and controllers , at least one conventional processor ( such as an 8086 ) , called the attached processor ( AP ) , and software .
Together the IP and the AP form the logical I/O processor of the iAPX 432 system .
All peripherals are interfaced to the interrupt - driven I/O subsystem bus ( Multibus ) .
The IP is able to communicate with I/O devices via executing various tasks , including device driver execution , device interrupt handling , and DMA channel initialization .
The IP also has the ability to detect hardware errors .
Multiple IPs may be connected to a 432 system , each one able to attach one peripheral subsystem to the main iAPX 432 system ( III , 608 ) .
The 43203 , the Interface Processor , acts as the system channel for I/O by extending the object and instruction set of the 432 system and therefore allowing programs the ability to communicate to other subsystems through an external interface .
The IP allows an I/ O processor to move data into and out of the 432 memory through executing a subset of the 432 operations ; it also extends the protection model to the external interface .
In other words , external devices can only write into specific objects designated by the respective 432 process ( II , 344 ) .
The speed of the I/O devices is determined by the type of device and the type of chip used in the subsystem .
SYSTEM SPEED
Speed was one of the main problems of the iAPX 432 .
Running at 8 MHz , both the iAPX 432 and the 80286 were compared with the following results :
( Using 16 - bit words , all times in milliseconds )
Processor Search Sieve Puzzle Ackerman iAPX 432 4.4 978 45700 47800 80286 1.4 168 9138 2218
( I , 166 )
The iAPX 432 was approximately 1/ 4 the speed of the 80286 for most applications ; it was slower than most of the processors that were available at the time of its release by at least 10 % ( I , 166 ) .
The causes of the speed problems were the lack of user registers , the data protection routines , the need for separation of tasks onto more than one chip , the massively complex microcoded control unit , and its too - small cache ( VI ) .
EXCEPTION PROCESSING
All of the iAPX 432 system components are capable of running in a Functional Redundancy Mode .
This is used to configure out bad nodes when errors occur during a cycle ( I , 172 ) .
The Memory Control Unit ( MCU ) was introduced to the iAPX 432 in 1983 , along with the BIU .
The MCU performed automatic parity checking as well as ECC error checking .
The iAPX 432 was designed to be fault tolerant ; this was helped by the addition of the MCU ( V ) .
INTERRUPTS AND TRAPS
Interrupt control logic is implemented in the IP with a structure called the storage logic array ( SLA ) .
Interrupts are processed according to priority .
Interrupts can only be interrupted by interrupts of higher priority .
An interrupt is handled by microcoded routines via creating an interrupt process and sending it to a dispatch port with the appropriate priority .
I/O interrupts are caught by the aforementioned I/O system and handled , often without interrupting the processor ( I , 187-188 ) .
CONCLUSION
The iAPX 432 was more of a learning experience for Intel than anything else .
There were many things learned from the 432 , including how to do multiprocessing and multiprogramming , how to best create processors for large - scale applications in critical areas , how to implement dependability ( fault tolerance ) , and how to use CISC to ease the burden of programming for assembly programmers and compilers .
The 432 used several modern computing concepts , mainly the idea of direct memory access for I/O and the concept of the virtual machine .
The things learned by Intel were later applied to many successful processors , most notably the 960 series and x86 architectures .
The Pentium Pro , the 960 , and the 432 had the same lead architect : Fred Pollack .
The 960 series are embedded processors but they retain the ability to run well with Ada ( V ) .
The iAPX 432 was a flop and was discontinued only four years after its release .
Speed was the main reason that the processor failed , although many programmers did not see Ada as the way of the future and therefore ignored the chip .
The reason the 432 was so slow was that it verified many memory accesses ( causing a memory read ) , its instructions were not aligned and took a while to decode , it did not have a large enough cache , it did not have enough registers , and it had extra chips which had to communicate .
The success of the 80286 sealed its fate ; as mentioned above it was four times faster than the 432 .
The iAPX 432 taught Intel a lot about what could and could not be done , and it was impressive that such a complex a system could be created with the available technology , but it was too complicated for practical use .
REFERENCES
( I) Amar Gupta and Hoo-Min Toong , " Advanced Mircoprocessors , " New York , N.Y. , IEEE Press , 1983 .
pp. 153-157 , 160-167 , 170-173 , 175-178 , 183-188 , 242
( II ) Glenford J. Myers , " Advances in Computer Architecture , " John Wiley & Sons , New York , N.Y. , 1982 .
pp. 344 , 335-340 , 366 , 371
( III ) Nikitas A. Alexandridis , " Microprocessor System Design Concepts , " Computer Science Press , Rockville , M.D. , 1984 .
pp. 22 , 26 , 198 , 213-214 , 488 , 601-608
( IV ) S. Zeigler , N. Allegre , R Johnson , J. Morris , " Ada for the Intel 432 Microcomputer , " Computer , Vol. 14 Number 6 , June 1981 , pp. 47-56
( V) John Bayko , " Weird and Innovative Chips , " Great Microprocessors of the Past and
Present , http://194.226.182.114/microprocessor/great/s6.html
( VI ) John C. Dvorak , " Whatever Happened to Intels Dream Chip ? , " Computer Shopper , http://computershopper.zdnet.com/texis/cs/doframe.html?rg=r129&u=www.zdnet.com/computershopper/edit/cshopper/filters/punwha.html
( VII ) Henry Levy , " Capability - Based Computer Systems , " Digital Press , Bedford , M.A. , 1984 .
pp. 160
Why I hate programming competitions
NOTE
I wrote this article a long time ago ( in 2001 , if memory serves ) , and frankly I 'm not that interested in discussing it anymore .
These days I 'd rather write programs and teach programming languages than write opinion pieces .
The article accurately reflects my opinions as of the time I wrote it , but may not accurately reflect my current opinions .
I did n't post this article to reddit.com or to any other site .
I have no interest in drumming up traffic to this page .
I 've received some surprisingly hostile emails from people who disagree with me .
To those people : please realize that this is a rant , an opinion piece .
If you do n't agree with me , feel free to write your own opinion piece .
But name - calling and trolling just makes you look bad and undercuts your own arguments .
I wo n't respond to trolls , even if they also have some good points to make .
If you can't talk civilly , talk to someone else .
That said , I welcome constructive comments .
The Original Essay
As someone who loves programming and cares very deeply about teaching programming to undergraduates , I would like to express my opinions on why programming competitions are ( for the most part ) a bad thing , and on what I 'd rather see in place of them that might serve the same end , but would more accurately reflect the bigger picture of what it means to be a good programmer .
In the interest of full disclosure , I should add that I 've never participated in a programming competition myself .
If I did , I probably would not do very well , since I consider myself a rather slow programmer ( more on this below ) .
So maybe this is all just sour grapes -- you be the judge .
I 'll use the ACM ( Association for Computing Machinery ) programming contest as a typical example of the problems inherent in programming contests , because it 's very well - known and extremely prestigious and competitive .
Almost all programming competitions have the same format .
A number of relatively short problems are posed to the contestants .
They have to come up with algorithms and working code that implements those algorithms .
The test of the resulting code is whether it works at all , and if so , how fast it is .
There is a time limit which is generally quite short .
And that 's all .
Here are my objections to ( most ) programming competitions as they currently exist :
Fast programming is n't the same as good programming
Gerry Sussman , the famous MIT computer scientist and co-author of the classic programming textbook Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs ( " SICP " for short ) , once told me that good programmers tend to fall into two categories :
People who can write mostly - correct code very fast .
People who can write absolutely correct code more slowly .
Programming competitions only reward the first category of programmers , so at best , they are tapping into the skill sets of only some of the good programmers .
Far be it for me to suggest that the ability to crank out mostly - working code at light - speed is a useless ability .
In some jobs ( e.g. writing ASP - type code for a web - based startup company ) it may be the only thing that matters in the short term .
But think about it : most code , if it works at all and performs some useful task , is going to be around for a long time .
After a while , it is going to be modified , probably by many different people .
The original programmer will probably have long since disappeared , and the original code will have mutated beyond recognizability .
The advantage of having mostly - correct code that has been churned out in record time will diminish in comparison to the advantage of having code that is good from other standpoints ( which I discuss below ) .
Also , mostly - correct is n't the same as completely correct .
Bullet - proofing code may not be glamorous and may not be considered important in programming competitions , but it is very very important in the real world , where any unchecked assumptions about the input to a program are likely to be violated sooner or later .
In addition to all this , I have a visceral objection to the notion that fast mostly - correct programming is a good measure of how good a programmer is .
I think of programming as an art form , and art is not measured in lines of code per hour .
I have often said that programming competitions make as much sense as novel - writing competitions .
[ Monty Python have a very funny routine about a novel - writing competition which beautifully expresses the absurdity of such a concept . ]
I can just imagine a sculpture competition in Renaissance Italy : " OK , Michaelangelo , you have five hours to make a sculpture of this naked woman .
If you 're not done in five hours , you lose ! "
Some people would disagree with this characterization on the grounds that programming should be thought of as a science , not an art .
Fair enough .
" OK , Albert Einstein , you have to derive the equations for general relativity in the next five hours .
If you take longer than that , you lose ! "
Maybe programming is more like engineering .
" OK , Wright Brothers , you have to design and test a working airplane in five hours , or you lose ! "
It 's just not a rational measure of programming ability .
But by far the biggest problem with programming competitions is that the criteria they use to judge programmer competence are so limited .
This leads me to my next topic ...
There is more to programming than algorithms and speed
Computer algorithms are a fascinating topic .
A good algorithm is a thing of beauty , much like a work of art or a mathematical theorem .
In addition , fast algorithms are not only beautiful but incredibly useful .
However , there is a common misconception that algorithms and speed are the be-all and end - all of programming .
This is simply not true and never has been true .
In my experience , non-obvious algorithms tend to make up only a small portion of any large programming project ( much less than 10 % , and often less than 1 % of the total code ) .
Algorithms are important because that small amount of code often dominates the entire running time of the program , but there 's much more to writing good code than just writing good algorithmic code .
But before we get to those other aspects , let 's talk about what a good algorithm really is .
Many programmers do n't appreciate the distinction between asymptotic efficiency and micro-optimization .
Many inexperienced programmers are obsessed with micro-optimization , because they want to be " 37337 h4x0rs " ( elite hackers ) , and they think this is how to do it .
Such programmers invariably consider C to be the ultimate computer language , because it 's fast and it provides more fine - grained bit - level control over the program 's data structures and execution than most other languages .
They live for clever hacks involving packing data structures into bit vectors , using left - and right - shifts for multiplication , maybe doing a little in - line assembly coding , etc. etc .
There 's nothing inherently wrong with this , but if you really care about efficiency you have to be concerned first and foremost with the asymptotically most efficient algorithm , something that most programmers know little about .
I wo n't go into this here , but if you 're interested , read Knuth or Cormen et. al .
Programming competitions that attempt to measure skill in generating algorithms should therefore use large data sets in order to test for algorithms that scale well .
Looking over the ACM problems , I see some that use explicitly small data sets and some that do n't .
In the real world , large data sets are a fact of life , and micro-optimization on small data sets is not nearly as important .
That said , it is certainly true that many programming competition problems depend on finding an algorithm that has optimal asyptotic behavior , versus a more naive solution that might e.g. require exponential time .
So I consider this a minor problem .
Now to the core of my argument .
Good programmers are people who write good programs .
Let 's look at various aspects of this skill .
Algorithmic efficiency
This is what programming competitions ( partially ) measure and which is discussed above .
Even within this narrow domain , though , there are problems with standard competitions .
I look at most competitions as a " guess the best algorithm " contest .
Note the word " guess " .
There generally is not nearly enough time to prove that a particular algorithm is optimal ( which would make for a much more interesting competition BTW ) , so you have to use your intuition and hope for the best .
Many , many times the best algorithm will hinge on knowledge of some obscure factoid of mathematics ( e.g. a closed - form representation for computing the nth fibonacci number ) , which , though interesting and relevant , hardly can be claimed to represent extreme skill in programming .
If all the problems are like this , then programming competitions should be run by the math department .
By the way , I wonder how many interesting theorems in mathematics were proved in less than an hour -- I 'd guess not many .
Good design
This involves issues like picking the right set of abstractions for the program , minimizing coupling between conceptually different parts of the program , etc. and is discussed at great length in SICP and in other books .
Most programming competitions do n't measure this at all , because they involve tiny programming problems , and design only becomes important for large programming projects .
In those projects it tends to totally dominate the picture ; I 'd much rather work on a well - designed large program with poor algorithms ( which I could fix ) than a poorly - designed large program with fast algorithms ( which I could probably never fix ) .
The irony is that many , perhaps most , of the programmers who have the skill set needed to win programming competitions ( the ability to write mostly - correct fast algorithms quickly ) have little or no design sense .
And yet , according to the ACM , the most august body in computer science , these people are " the best programmers " !
This sends a message that the ability to design a program well is not an important skill , and explains a lot about why we have to live with bad software which keeps crashing all the time .
For instance , I once had a student who ( I was told ) had won tens of thousands of dollars in programming competitions .
He wanted to write a program to play the game of Othello .
I did n't like his solution because his graphical user interface ( GUI ) code was completely mixed up with the Othello - solving code ( a classic beginner 's design mistake ) .
When I pointed this out to him , he could n't understand what I was talking about and argued with me ( maybe he thought that his competition wins indicated that he knew more about programming than I did ) .
I pointed out that if the language he was using ever changed their standard graphical user interface ( which can and does happen ) , then he'd have to rewrite all his code , even the parts that only dealt with board solving , which should be unaffected .
He still was n't convinced .
" There is only one GUI library for this language " , he said , " and what if there never is another one ? "
He was too lazy to rewrite his code to do the right thing , which would n't have been necessary if he'd known something about design to start with .
Maintainability
It 's not enough to write a good program .
Any good program is going to be extended , usually in ways that the original author could not foresee .
Thus , one aspect of good design is to make the design easy to maintain , which may manifest itself in a number of ways .
One very simple ( but usually overlooked ) way to keep code maintainable is to write good comments and keep them up - to - date as the code evolves .
Good formatting and style help a lot .
Choosing the right abstractions and creating the right abstraction barriers ( again , see SICP ) help enormously .
Refactoring the design at both large and small scales is crucial to keeping code robust ( see Fowler 's book Refactoring for many examples of this ) , because a design that works now may not work well a year from now when the original mission of the program has been extended in three different ways by three different programmers with three different visions of what the software should become .
Programming competitions never deal with this crucial aspect of real - world programming skill .
Good documentation A good program is only as good as its documentation .
Even if your program kicks mighty ass , if there is no documentation nobody is ever going to be able to use it .
Most " I - write - fast - algorithms - quickly " programmers not only can't write documentation to save their lives , they can't even spell .
Perhaps in recognition of this , they tend not to write any comments in their code ; a hallmark of this kind of programmer is twenty pages of dense code with no comments at all ( perhaps a reflection of an overdose of Jolt Cola ) .
Typically they also like to put multiple lines of code on one very long line with as few spaces as possible , presumably because the effort of hitting the return key or the space bar distracts them from the stream - of - consciousness flow which is essential to their thinking process .
The problems start when these programmers leave for another job , and then someone else is stuck with the task of adding new features to the code base which is completely undocumented .
Really good programmers typically document code both in comments within the code and in user - level ( and developer - level ) documentation .
This is yet another skill that is never tested in programming competitions .
In fact , it 's selected against , because the time it takes to write comments detracts from the time it takes to solve the problem .
So programming competitions foster bad habits .
Note :
To give a full description of good program commenting , formatting and documentation practice would go far beyond the scope of this document .
Good programmers vary in the way they approach this problem , and it is also dependent on the programming language being used .
For instance , code written in assembly language , by sheer necessity , has to contain proportionally more comments than code written in a high - level language such as Scheme ( C falls in between ) .
Good choices of variable and function names can obviate the need for some comments as well .
Exceptions to the rule
I have to say that I 've seen some programming competitions that did not fit the stereotype I 've described above .
There was a programming competition put on by the Software Carpentry web site that involved developing a replacement for the standard Unix program build tools ( make , autoconf , automake , libtool ) .
This competition was heavily oriented towards good design , and the time limit was substantial ( several weeks if I recall correctly ) .
Of all the programming competitions I 've heard of , this one was the best model of what I think a programming competition should really be like ( if we need competitions at all , which we do n't -- see below ) .
Another competition I like is the International Functional Programming Competition ( IFPC ) .
Even though this competition usually has a rigid time limit ( one weekend ) , the purpose of the competition is mainly to showcase the ability of lesser known functional programming languages rather than to pit programmer against programmer , and the cash rewards are negligible ( it 's mainly about bragging rights , both for the programmer and for the language implementation being used ) .
Yet another competition I like very much is the International Obfuscated C Code Competition ( IOCCC ) , whose goal is mainly humorous .
Nevertheless , some astonishingly beautiful ( albeit warped ) programs have been created for the IOCCC , and the programmers are , in my opinion , real artists .
There is a similar competition for perl programmers , and similar comments apply .
Despite all of this , I have never entered a programming competition and probably never will , because I do n't like programming with a stopwatch .
Cooperation , not competition , is the correct metaphor for programming
My final object to programming competitions is that they represent the wrong way to think about programming .
Programming is not a sport like tennis or basketball , where one player / team " wins " and another player / team " loses " .
The free software and open source programmers of the world have shown the power of large groups of programmers working together to solve problems .
In order to do this , the programmers involved have to develop all of the skills needed to write really good programs , not just the ability to write algorithms quickly .
Design , documentation , maintainability , abstraction , etc. are all important .
Therefore , my advice to programmers who want to improve their skill : skip the programming competitions and start a free software / open source project of your own .
If you do that , you have a chance of becoming a truly good programmer , not just a glorified code - grinder .
What about the ACM contest ?
I have nothing against the ACM ( in fact , I think it 's a fine organization ) , and I 'm sure the intentions behind the programming contest are good .
If one accepts the notion that programming contests are worthwhile ( which I do n't , for the reasons given above ) , then what should be done about this contest ?
The ACM contest rules reward two things :
getting as many problems right as possible ;
assuming you got a problem right , solving it in the smallest amount of time possible .
The fact sheet for the contest states that all problems ( ten for the 2005 contest ) must be solved in five hours (! ) by teams of three programmers .
And the solutions also have to be as fast as possible .
So this is definitely a " guess the best algorithm quickly " kind of programming contest .
I can think of a few things that the ACM could do to make their contest more representative of real programming skill :
Divide the programming contest into two parts .
One part will be the algorithm part , which would be similar to the current contest .
The second is a design contest , where the task is a larger - scale problem and the goal is to come up with the most elegant , powerful , extensible , and maintainable design .
Extend the time limits to one week for the algorithm part and one month for the design part .
Judge algorithm solutions on a variety of criteria , including : Fastest solution .
Most scalable solution ( programmatically scalable , not just algorithmically scalable ) .
Most elegant solution .
Clearest solution .
Award special prizes for algorithm solutions that come with mathematical proofs of correctness ( and optimality , if that 's relevant ) .
My advice to budding programmers is not to worry about programming competitions .
However , I do recommend that they download the problems for the ACM competition ( and other competitions e.g. TopCoder ) and work through them on their own time without any time pressure .
Aside from being fun , this will undoubtedly improve their ( algorithm - related ) programming skills .
Epilogue : July 2006
I have n't read through this article in a long time , but I find that I still feel substantially the same way .
One person pointed out that the ACM problems have very comprehensive test cases , so to imply that they reward " mostly - correct " programs is inaccurate .
No argument there .
I was really thinking more about the mentality that programming competitions with short time limits foster .
Also , if your notion of " correctness " includes things like good design , maintainability , readability etc. ( which it certainly does n't in the ACM contest ) then my point stands as is .
There was a recent ( 2005 ) ICFP contest that explicitly targeted good design by requiring first a solution to one problem , and then a solution to an extension of the first problem .
That 's a cool idea -- it 's just like working in a real job , where your pointy - haired boss changes his mind every three days ( " How hard would it be to merge our stock simulation software with Google and Mediawiki ? " ) .
To do well in this competition , you 'd want to have a very flexible design up front , which is something most competitions do n't address at all .
I still feel , however , that the best programmers are n't the ones who do the best in competitions but are the ones who write the best programs .
I 'm reminded about a comment Frank Zappa said about guitarists , to the effect that all the flashy guitarists who can play 1000 notes a minute were simply turning music into a gymnastic competition .
And these guys are n't making the best music : for instance , Yngvie Malmsteen or Steve Vai ( who can play rings around most guitarists ) have n't written a lot of great songs , while someone like Kurt Cobain ( who only had the most basic guitar skills ) could hardly write a bad song .
So I 'd like to see less competition amongst programmers ( except the kind of friendly bragging - rights or for - education or for - the - beauty - of - it style of competition you see in the ICFP and IOCCC contests ) and a greater appreciation of what the art of programming is really all about .
And I still think that solving programming competition problems is a great way to improve your skill -- provided that you take your time .
I still hate programming with a time limit .
Acknowledgments
References
Abelson , H. , Sussman , G. J. , and Sussman , J. Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs MIT Press , 1996 .
Knuth , Donald Ervin .
The Art of Computer Programming , 3rd. Ed. Addison - Wesley , 1997 , 3 volumes .
Cormen , T. H. , Leiserson , C. E. , Rivest , R. L. , Stein , C. L. , Introduction to Algorithms , 2nd. Ed. MIT Press , 2001 .
Fowler , M. Refactoring : Improving the Design of Existing Code Addison - Wesley , 1999 .
The ACM programming contest home page .
You can download the competition problem sets here .
The ICFP contest home page
Go back to my home page .
Last updated August 28 , 2007
One - page websites , or “ one - pagers ” as I like to call them have proven to be a very simple and effective way of relaying all needed information effectively .
An issue with the standard website is that visitors need to go through a plethora of different pages before they find the information they are looking for , whilst if a visitor where to go to a one - page website , he / she knows that if the information they ’re looking for is n’t available on that single page , it is not stated at all .
It is also makes the experience of visiting your website much easier to just have everything on a single page , and because of this , it ’s becoming much more popular with design portfolios in particular .
But not only are the designers picking up on this phenomena , and I ’ve also seen some company websites adopting this trend also .
Another advantage of a one - page design is that they ’re ideal for sites that do n’t have much content , say galleries , and are a non-coders lifesaver when it comes to costs .
However , one - page designs also have their disadvantages .
For one , a visitor will probably end up scrolling a lot more than usual on the page , as you need to fit everything on that one - page – this could be a valid reason why a visitor would not enjoy viewing such a site , and would simply leave .
So , “ what does it take to make an effective one - page design ? ” I hear you cry , read on .
Making An Effective One - Page Design
There are a few points you need to keep in mind when it comes to designing your own one - pager , and they make all the difference in usability .
Focus on Vital Information
You ’re only presenting one page to your visitors , so you have to make use of your space well .
First and foremost , you need to concentrate on the most vital piece of information you want to portray .
Let ’s say you ’re creating a design portfolio , then you could probably conclude that the most important pieces of information you want to provide are :
Examples of Work
Exactly What You Do
Contact Information
So , this means you want to include such information “ above - the - fold ” of the page , which basically means in the top - most section of the page ( before scrolling down ) .
This is so as soon as the visitor hits your page , he / she will immediately receive the information they ’re most likely after in - front of them first , rather than have to sift through the page themselves .
For a design portfolio , this may mean making the main focus of the page on your recent work previews , or a philosophy that you wish to convey to your visitors .
Use a Logical Layout
It ’s very easy when creating a one - page design to put each section in a random order , but due to vastly common layouts on the web , people begin to expect certain sections in certain areas of a page .
For example , a contact form should likely be placed at the bottom of the one page , or if there ’s no scrolling to do , then on the far right .
You would never expect a contact form to be right at the start of a page , as that placing would make no sense at all as a person would have no reason to contact you until they actually found out what you do , how much you charge , what your work is like , etc .
Be Selective
Because you only have one page to work with , you really need to be selective with that you want to present to a visitor who lands on the website .
You ca n’t give them an entire history on your business and life , and still expect them to become engaged with the site when they need to scroll through continuously just to see some examples of your work ( in the case of creating a design portfolio ) .
You really need to be ruthless in what text , titles , and images are placed on the website , and scrutinize the positioning and reason behind every element of the page .
Examples of Brilliant One - Pagers
Brad uses texture in amazing ways on this one - page design , and goes the extra mile to include navigation links which jump the visitor to the appropriate section on the page for increased usability and navigability .
A very interesting one - pager which features animations of robot - like figures on clouds without the use of Flash .
This has to be the most creative background I have seen in my life .
Keep an eye on the color streams in the background as you scroll down .
Definitely a feature to help keep visitors engaged and entertained as they scroll down the page .
Usability and Good Practices
As you can see from the examples above , one - page designs can work well with the right features in place .
If you look at the navigation of both Volll and Bcandullo you see they feature jump links .
These are simply links which allow you to skip to the relevant part of the page .
The Envato network site also implements jump links .
If you ’re going to create a one page website , you have to be weary of the more finer details of the page than you would with a standard website , and make sure you do n’t miss out any details you needed to include .
A good practice would be to create a mini search feature which a visitor could use to skip through the page easily to find the information he / she is after .
Summary
So , in order to create an effective one - page design , you need to take into consideration the following :
Precision of Content
Positioning of Content
Page Length
Content Logic
Increased Usability ( Jump Links etc. )
I recommend you take a look around at some one - page designs before you jump right into it , as getting the design and layout right could pay off greatly .
If you ’re looking for some more one - page design inspiration , you could check out OnePageLove or FullSingle , it ’s a gallery that features only one - page websites .
If you found this article useful , we recommend you subscribe to our awesome RSS feed so you can keep updated with the latest here on MostInspired .
This article was originally published in The American Prospect .
On March 27 , at a ceremony in Houston , Texas , Hillary Clinton accepted
the Margaret Sanger award from Planned Parenthood .
In her speech , she
expressed her " awe " for the family - planning pioneer and then laid out
the connections between reproductive rights and global security .
Calling the reproductive rights movement " one of the most
transformational in the entire history of the human race , " she argued
that Sanger ’s work is n’t done , in the United States or abroad .
" Too many women are denied even the opportunity to know about how
to plan and space their families , " she said .
" And the derivative
inequities that result from all of that are evident in the fact that
women and girls are still the majority of the world ’s poor , unschooled ,
unhealthy , and underfed .
This is and has been for many years a matter
of personal and professional importance to me , and I want to assure you
that reproductive rights and the umbrella issue of women ’s rights and
empowerment will be a key to the foreign policy of this
administration . "
Chris Smith , a Republican member of Congress from New Jersey , was
livid .
Smith , a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , has
devoted much of his career to fighting reproductive rights worldwide ,
personally prevailing on foreign politicians not to liberalize their
abortion laws and , during the Bush years , leading the charge to freeze
the American contribution to the United Nations Population Fund .
On
April 22 , when Clinton appeared before the committee to discuss the
administration ’s foreign - policy priorities , he lectured her about the
evils he believes Sanger unleashed around the world .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Then he asked , " Is the Obama administration seeking in any way to
weaken or overturn pro-life laws and policies in African and Latin
American countries , " either directly or through multilateral
organizations ?
He continued , " Does the United States ’ definition of the
term ‘ reproductive health ’ or ‘ reproductive services ’ or ‘ reproductive
rights ’ include abortion ? "
This was the part where most officials would get defensive and
squirm and insist that the United States would never promote abortion .
Instead , Clinton was unequivocal : " When I think about the suffering
that I have seen , of women around the world — I ’ve been in hospitals
in Brazil , where half the women were enthusiastically and joyfully
greeting new babies , and the other half were fighting for their lives
against botched abortions . …
We happen to think that family planning
is an important part of women ’s health , and reproductive health
includes access to abortion , that I believe should be safe , legal , and
rare . "
Hillary Clinton is not our first female secretary of state , but she
is our first explicitly feminist one .
She ’s been an iconic figure in
the movement for women ’s rights globally ever since she gave her
historic 1995 speech at the United Nations Conference on Women in
Beijing .
Denouncing a litany of the abuses to which women worldwide are
subject , the then - first lady declared , " Women ’s rights are human
rights , once and for all . "
The New York Times said it " may have been
her finest moment in public life . "
Clinton ’s confirmation hearings offered a clear sign that she
intended to prioritize women ’s issues .
" If half the world ’s population
remains vulnerable to economic , political , legal , and social
marginalization , our hope of advancing democracy and prosperity is in
serious jeopardy , " she said .
" The United States must be an unequivocal
and unwavering voice in support of women ’s rights in every country on
every continent . "
Five months into her tenure , we ’re beginning to see what that vision
looks like in practice .
Ironically , given how politically contentious
they are , reproductive rights may be the area where rapid progress is
easiest .
After all , much of what Bush did in this area can essentially
be reversed by fiat .
One of Obama ’s first acts was to repeal the
so - called " global gag rule , " which had denied American funding to
organizations working abroad that perform abortions , counsel women that
abortion is an option , or advocate for abortion - law liberalization .
Obama also restored American funding to the United Nations Population
Fund .
Now comes the hard part , as Clinton attempts to advance women’s
rights in other areas of foreign policy , including those that have n’t
traditionally put much emphasis on gender , such as peace and security
and agricultural development .
Despite her deep personal convictions ,
the supportive political environment , and the growing consensus about
the importance of women ’s rights to global development , she is going to
face real obstacles .
American conservatives are determined to fight not
only international family planning but also multilateral treaties on
women ’s rights .
Fundamentalists in Muslim countries often react
furiously to attempts to empower women and accuse local feminists of
being agents of Western imperialism , which complicates American efforts
to bolster them .
And Clinton is going to have to contend with a State
Department culture that is n’t used to paying much attention to women’s
issues .
" Look , I do n’t think this is rocket science , I do n’t think it ’s
resistance for resistance ’s sake , " says Melanne Verveer , the U.S .
ambassador - at - large for global women ’s issues and Clinton ’s former
chief of staff .
" It ’s evolutionary .
People in positions that have
policy implications do n’t always consider the importance of the women’s
dimension .
Sometimes when they ’re told that it really should be done ,
they check the box , but they do n’t really see it for how crucial it
might be to the overall outcome . "
To succeed , Clinton must do more than change policy .
She needs to do
something that ’s both subtler and harder .
She has to change the way
State Department employees think about their job .
Ultimately , she must
to begin to change cultures , both in Washington and around the world .
***
Clinton does n’t come to this challenge alone .
For years , experts in
economics , development , and national security have recognized that the
oppression of women leads to economic stagnation and political
instability .
Lawrence Summers , no paragon of radical feminism , argued
when he was chief economist of the World Bank that " educating girls
quite possibly yields a higher rate of return than any other investment
available in the developing world . "
This realization led to the Clinton administration ’s enthusiastic
support for the big United Nations conferences , such as the
International Conference on Population and Development in Cairo and the
Conference on Women in Beijing , that were a hallmark of diplomacy in
the 1990s .
As the historian Paul Kennedy wrote in his 2006 book about
the United Nations , The Parliament of Man , " By the early 1990s , the
Cold War was over , the Thatcher - Reagan tendency was replaced by kinder ,
gentler policies , the notion of ‘ human security ’ was being pushed by
the [ United Nations Development Programme ] and the World Bank , and the
facts about the failure to close the gender gap were becoming ever
clearer . …
The campaign for gender advancement may have stagnated for
a while , but it was time to push again . "
The United States did most of its pushing multilaterally , supporting
feminist language in global agreements like the ones emerging from
Cairo and Beijing .
Though unenforceable and too often ignored , these
agreements nevertheless had real impact worldwide .
Following them , many
countries in Africa banned female genital cutting .
Aid agencies did
more to provide reproductive health services to women in humanitarian
crisis situations .
Yet despite these advances , the United States and
the world did little as mass rape was deployed as a weapon of war in
Bosnia , and the Taliban imposed a regime of sadistic gender apartheid
in Afghanistan .
Women ’s rights remained far from the center of the
foreign - policy agenda .
The Bush administration worked to roll back reproductive rights
internationally and was either indifferent or hostile to international
agreements on women ’s rights .
At the same time , it bolstered support
for the war in Afghanistan by promising to liberate that country ’s
women .
Afghanistan ’s women did make real progress under the new
government , but women ’s rights activists were disappointed by the gap
between rhetoric and reality .
" People were frustrated to see a lack of
real resources on the ground directed towards women , " says Isobel
Coleman , director of the Women and Foreign Policy program at the
Council on Foreign Relations .
" To be fair , I think it was n’t something
specific about women .
It was that the whole Afghan effort was done on a
shoestring . "
Now people throughout the government are acting on women ’s rights in
a more consistent and integrated way than we ’ve seen before .
In
February , Sen. Barbara
Boxer announced that she would be chairing a new
Senate subcommittee on global women ’s issues .
In March , the
administration carved out a new post devoted to global women ’s issues
and appointed Verveer to fill it .
The same month , Obama created the
White House Council on Women and Girls , led by his close friend Valerie
Jarrett , which will track the gender implications of federal programs .
Meanwhile , one important piece of legislation related to women ’s rights
globally , the International Protecting Girls by Preventing Child
Marriage Act , is making its way through Congress , and another , the
International Violence Against Women
Act , is expected to come up later
this year .
Both would direct new resources to the fight to protect
women and girls globally and would oblige the State Department to act
on their behalf .
" I would like to believe we ’re at a tipping point
now , " Verveer says .
" There is a growing body of data that says
investments in women yield high returns . "
And Clinton , she adds , " has
labored long and hard in this vineyard . "
At the same time , one lesson of the last eight years is that , when
it comes to remaking other cultures , the United States usually has less
power than it thinks .
Stephen Walt , a professor of international
relations at Harvard and a proponent of a more modest , realist foreign
policy , sounds a note of caution about American initiatives to alter
gender dynamics abroad .
" In a lot of countries , the relationship
between men and women is one of the more fundamental ways that society
defines itself , " Walt says .
" If the U.S. is going in in a heavy - handed
way and saying , ‘ We think the way you have organized male - female
relations in your society is all wrong and you should change it now , ’
we are almost certainly going to generate a considerable amount of
resentment , resistance , suspicion . "
Walt doubts that the United States can fix problems of sexual
inequality in other countries , no matter how hard it tries .
As he
points out , we still have n’t figured out how to eliminate violence
against women here in the United States .
" We do n’t have the slightest
idea how to do this in Congo or Nigeria or Yemen or the former Soviet
Union , " he says .
" The set of practices that make up attitudes and
relations between men and women in different societies is pretty
complicated .
The notion that a bunch of Americans will enact
legislation and a set of polices that will substantially alter
male - female relations in some very different society strikes me as
overly optimistic . "
Yet people who work on international women ’s issues point to a
number of practical , systematic things that the United States can do to
make a difference to women worldwide .
Furthermore , they argue that
American policy handicaps itself when it ignores the reality of women’s
lives .
Feminism , they say , is actually a component of realism , not a
fanciful , blithely idealistic departure from it .
" Take food security , which is going to be a significant initiative
of this administration , " Verveer says .
The Obama team , she points out ,
wants to go beyond simply reacting to hunger crises and instead " look
in terms of the long term — how do we enable people around the world
to be more productive , to raise the standard of living , to earn incomes
that will enable them to address the food issue ? "
The gender dimension
of the problem may not be immediately apparent , but there ’s actually no
way to make progress without addressing it .
" Over a long , long time our polices generally did not have a focus
on the fact that women are between 60 [ percent ] and 80 percent of the
small - holder farmers , " Verveer says .
" If you ’re not really adapting
training , credit , and all the considerations that go into enhancing
productivity in a way that women ’s roles in farming enter into it , "
then there ’s little hope of progress .
The problem begins with how data is collected , explains Geeta Rao
Gupta , president of the International Center for Research on Women .
" It
starts from presuming that the head of the household is a man and
getting the information only from him , " she says .
Surveys that only
deal with men’s role in production lead to programs in which only men
get technical advice , fertilizer , seeds , and other assistance .
" In any
country in Africa , women are primarily responsible for both subsistence
agriculture , as well as the agricultural products that they sell in the
markets , " Gupta says .
" The yield is typically very low , and they do not
get the help that men get to maximize their productivity . "
Pointing this out , though , is not generally enough to get people to
change the way they ’ve been doing their job for years .
" It ’s going to
require a big systems and operational shift , " Gupta says .
" I do n’t use
the word cultural shift — it ’s not so much a cultural shift as it ’s a
mandate .
Systems need to be put in place for accountability , indicators
against which everybody must measure and report . "
Such internal organizational changes are far less exciting than bold
new policy initiatives , but even
Walt says they could potentially have
a big impact .
" People in the foundation world began to do this 10 or 20
years ago , " he says .
" If you got money from the MacArthur Foundation ,
they wanted to see evidence that you were gender aware .
It got an
instantaneous response .
In a lot of cases it was pro-forma , but in
other cases it had a more substantial impact . "
In the State Department ,
he says , " Maybe if you really did embed that sensitivity deeply into
lots of criteria for evaluation , you would get the organization to do
more than nod in that direction .
It would be more than a few lines in
the foreign - aid budget . "
***
Even if Clinton can turn around the ship of state , promoting women’s
rights internationally is going to require an extraordinary balance of
strength and delicacy .
In Pakistan , for example , women are being
grossly victimized by the Taliban , and in some places the government
has acquiesced in the implementation of Sharia law .
The United States
has some leverage because it lavishes so much aid on that country , but
American influence on behalf of Pakistani women could be
counterproductive if it ’s too visible .
Indeed , Coleman suggests that many Pakistanis have had a muted
reaction to the march of the Taliban " precisely because they ’re
conflating what the Taliban is doing to somehow standing up and
resisting the United States . "
She continues , " If and when women ’s
rights are conflated with some type of imposition of Western values ,
that becomes a dangerous concoction for women . "
This makes some women reluctant to publicly accept help from the
United States .
In 2007 , for example , the State Department under
Condoleezza Rice created the Women of Courage award , meant to honor
women leaders from around the globe .
" Some of the women I know
personally , " Coleman says .
" They debate whether to accept this award ,
because they well understand that it can create problems for them at
home . "
As Coleman emphasizes , this does n’t mean that such recognition
is n’t valuable for women working at the grass roots .
Besides giving
them a platform , it may also accord a measure of political protection .
Had Iranian women ’s rights activist Shirin Ebadi not won the Nobel
Peace Prize , Coleman says , " no doubt that she would be imprisoned by
Iranian authorities . "
The trick , then , is to support women working at the grass roots
without overshadowing them .
" It ’s a matter of how we proceed , " Verveer
says .
She points , for example , to the four women elected to the Kuwaiti
Parliament in May .
" We have worked over a long time at the request of
women in Kuwait to help them win the struggle for the right to vote , "
she says .
American policy helped lay the foundation for these women’s
triumph , though the victory is very much their own .
One way that the United States can promote women ’s rights without
sparking major backlashes is by working through the United Nations , an
organization that , for all its highly publicized flaws , retains broad
legitimacy in most of the world .
To be sure , as a 2008
WorldPublicOpinion.org poll showed , publics in many Muslim countries
believe that the United States controls the world body .
Nevertheless ,
that same survey , which looked at public opinion in Egypt , Turkey ,
Jordan , Iran , Indonesia , the Palestinian Territories , and Azerbaijan ,
also found majority support for expanded U.N. powers and influence .
Sixty - three percent of respondents , for example , said the U.N. should
have the authority to go into countries to investigate human - rights
violations .
The U.N. is often particularly active in post - conflict situations ,
an area where Verveer says more needs to be done to centralize women’s
concerns .
" Women are often the victims in conflict , and when issues
like rape as a tool of war are not considered in the peace process ,
violence against women often continues afterwards , " she says .
Last
year , the U.N. Security Council adopted Resolution 1820 , which , among
other things , reaffirmed that mass rape can constitute a war crime and
even be an element of genocide .
Yet as Ellen Chesler , director of the
Women and Public Policy Initiative at Hunter College points out ,
" There ’s never been a trial at a U.N. criminal court for committing
rape or allowing rape as a war crime . "
But the United States , not being a party to the International
Criminal Court , is n’t in much of a position to push for such
enforcement .
That ’s one reason why many women ’s rights advocates argue
that in order for the United States to be an effective advocate for
women globally , it needs to participate more fully in the international
system .
" A commitment to gender equality probably means a commitment to
all the human - rights and international cooperative agencies that the
United States right now is not in any position to deliver on , " Chesler
says .
That ’s especially true when it comes to the Convention on the
Elimination of Discrimination Against Women , or CEDAW .
A global treaty ,
CEDAW includes the right to education , employment , property ownership ,
family planning , and freedom from gender - based violence .
Signatory
countries submit periodic reports on their compliance to a U. N .
committee .
The committee lacks enforcement mechanisms but can exercise
a degree of moral authority , which the United States could leverage if
it were n’t one of the few nations that has refused to ratify the
treaty .
Besides the United States , the only other countries that have
refused to ratify CEDAW are Sudan , Somalia , Iran , and a few Pacific
Island states .
Obviously , many of the countries that have signed the
treaty violate it every day , but CEDAW has nonetheless proved very
useful .
A Tanzanian court cited it in overturning a law prohibiting
women from inheriting " clan " land from their fathers , and in Colombia ,
CEDAW was used to secure constitutional pressure against domestic
violence .
As Chesler points out in a recent briefing paper , the United
States encouraged both Afghanistan and Iraq to incorporate CEDAW
provisions directly into their constitutions or bill of rights .
But as
long as the U.S. refuses to ratify the treaty , it can hardly pressure
other countries to abide by it .
" For international credibility , for
foreign - policy leadership on the issue of women and girls , it is
imperative that the U.S. ratify CEDAW , " Gupta says .
During the presidential campaign , Clinton , Obama , and Vice President
Joe Biden all promised to seek CEDAW ratification .
But the religious
right , which has consistently opposed the treaty as both an attack on
American sovereignty and as an instrument of radical feminism , is
mobilizing against it .
In April , a Weekly Standard article
about CEDAW was headlined , " This Is No Time to Go Wobbly . "
The tone of
the article was anxious ; it warned that " CEDAW ’s moment may finally
have come . "
That may be right .
At the same hearing where Clinton took on Chris
Smith , Rep. Lynn Woolsey , a California Democrat and a strong supporter
of CEDAW , asked Clinton about the treaty .
Clinton responded that the
administration is " forwarding CEDAW , along with other priority
treaties , to the Senate in the hope that this could be the year we
would finally ratify this convention that really does recognize and
support the rights of women . "
She continued , her voice getting more
emphatic , " We need to move on this . "
It looks like she ’s already started .
A judge in Nevada has approved a total of $ 800 million in payouts from casino company MGM Resorts International and its insurers to more than 4,400 relatives and victims of the Las Vegas Strip shooting that was the deadliest in recent U.S. history .
Clark County District ...... [ Full Story ]
An observer feels more empathy for someone in pain when that person is in the same social group , according to new research in the July 1 issue of The Journal of Neuroscience .
The study shows that perceiving others in pain activates a part of the brain associated with empathy and emotion more if the observer and the observed are the same race .
The findings may show that unconscious prejudices against outside groups exist at a basic level .
The study confirms an in - group bias in empathic feelings , something that has long been known but never before confirmed by neuroimaging technology .
Researchers have explored group bias since the 1950s .
In some studies , even people with similar backgrounds arbitrarily assigned to different groups preferred members of their own group to those of others .
This new study shows those feelings of bias are also reflected in brain activity .
" Our findings have significant implications for understanding real - life social behaviors and social interactions , " said Shihui Han , PhD , at Peking University in China , one of the study authors .
Other recent brain imaging studies show that feeling empathy for others in pain stimulates a brain area called the anterior cingulate cortex .
Building on these results , the study authors tested the theory that these empathic feelings increase for members of the same social group .
In this case , the researchers chose race as the social group , although the same effect may occur with other groups .
The researchers scanned brains areas in one Caucasian group and one Chinese group .
The authors monitored participants as they viewed video clips that simulated either a painful needle prick or a non-painful cotton swab touch to a Caucasian or Chinese face .
When painful simulations were applied to individuals of the same race as the observers , the empathic neural responses increased ; however , responses increased to a lesser extent when participants viewed the faces of the other group .
Martha Farah , PhD , at the University of Pennsylvania , a cognitive neuroscientist and neuroethicist who was not affiliated with the study , says learning how empathic responses influence our behavior in many different situations is interesting both practically and theoretically .
" This is a fascinating study of a phenomenon with important social implications for everything from medical care to charitable giving , " she said .
But the finding raises as many questions as it answers , Farah said .
" For example , is it racial identity per se that determines the brain 's empathic response , or some more general measure of similarity between self and other ? " she said .
" What personal characteristics or life experiences influence the disparity in empathic response toward in - group and out - group members ? "
The research was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China .
I was always taught that faith is a private thing so if you have to tell me or show me how good of a Christian you are , you 're probably not .
True people of faith live their lives without advertising how awesome they are .
Same goes for those of us who do n't believe .
( so I 'm not a good atheist right now )
there are a number of reasons why you do n't want to broadcast your atheism .
( read : Lack of being a Christian / Member of a Church )
If you do so : ( Not all apply and it depends upon the community )
1 . You now will have dozens of people spend the rest of their lives trying to convert you .
2 . You will be harshly judged by quite a number of these good " love - filled " Christians to be something less than human .
( on par with communists and child molestors )
3 . It can have a negative effect on your employment prospects .
4 . It can have a negative effect on your ability to get service ( if the town is small enough ) , or service in a timely manner from those who you need service from in a community .
5 . If you have children , they will often become the objects of derision or bullying at school .
6 . It can flat out lead to confrontations and to people butting into what should be your business , not theirs .
7 . It can subject you to ridicule and social shunning if you are not part of the hive collective .
I 've seen / experienced / witnessed all of the above to varying degrees in regard to one who has the temerity to expose themselves as an atheist / agnostic / non-christian .
the thing is we 're fighting back now , making is safe for others to come out of the theist closet and into the true light of the world without fear .
I know plenty of agnostics / atheists who still go to church because " it 's what my family has done , and the moral lessons are good for the kids "
Think of this akin to the civil rights movement , the gay rights movement and the woman 's rights movement , this is the time for the non -theist rights movement .
When you first see these fantastic drafts , your eyes go wondering over the pics , looking for the name of the Arab Emirate where these building are going to be erected .
But this time it is not about rich eastern countries , the sketches present us what Russian Sochi will see in just a couple of years .
Artificial islands and high buildings on piles , up above the watery waste will emerge in the Black sea in just a few years .
Each of the projects – Pier - Hotel , Catamaran , Sea -Star , Olympic Island and Southern Outpost – has its own proportions and level of detail .
The upcoming Olympic Games want Russian architects make the best of what they can .
The basis of the building will be constructed the way they do with sea oil platforms , the foundations will be supported by light but firm piles used in building high constructions on the shores .
The authors of the project , “ A.Asadov architectural studio ” , think that the nature beauty of the resort will be completely kept as it is even with all these new structures .
The architectures are going to apply eco-technologies and use alternative energy sources while implementing the plan .
They assure that the Pier - Hotel , being the most realistic concept , will have additional floors , the hotel ’s roof will be turned into a public space , which will be extended with the coastal park .
The Catamaran will be constructed in front of the city centre , it can not be put up downtown just because there is already no free space left .
The breakwaters will be prolonged with two hotel blocks with artificial landscapes on the roofs .
Between the buildings they are going to create “ man- made land ” for new hotels to be build right here .
The Sea -Star is an autonomous island , which will be connected with the main land by a “ stem ” – this will be a “ navel string ” , along which people and autos will go to the Star and be able to get back .
Five hotel towers form the island ’s silhouette and its inner space .
Between them the architects want to have green petals , which are designed to represent the oasis .
The Olympic island is the biggest and the most symbolic part of the project .
Near the coastline they are going to root five circle - shaped platforms , which will be tied to one another and to the mainland as well with pedestrian overpasses and highway bridges .
Following the Olympic symbolism , the platforms will represent five continents – Europe , Asia , America , Africa and Australia , each circle has a tower of an Olympic color in the center .
We hope the project will be carried out just right and tourists wo n’t have to see another boring thing as it very often happens in Russia .
Exciting prospects , poor implementation .
Photo credits – 1
AMMAN , Jordan ( CNN ) -- A 12 - year - old Yemeni girl , who was forced into marriage , died during a painful childbirth that also killed her baby , a children 's rights group said Monday .
Fawziya Ammodi struggled for three days in labor , before dying of severe bleeding at a hospital on Friday , said the Seyaj Organization for the Protection of Children .
" Although the cause of her death was lack of medical care , the real case was the lack of education in Yemen and the fact that child marriages keep happening , " said Seyaj President Ahmed al - Qureshi .
Born into an impoverished family in Hodeidah , Fawziya was forced to drop out of school and married off to a 24 - year - old man last year , al - Qureshi said .
Child brides are commonplace in Yemen , especially in the Red Sea Coast where tribal customs hold sway .
Hodeidah is the fourth largest city in Yemen and an important port .
More than half of all young Yemeni girls are married off before the age of 18 -- many times to older men , some with more than one wife , a study by Sanaa University found .
While it was not immediately known why Fawziya 's parents married her off , the reasons vary .
Sometimes , financially - strapped parents offer up their daughters for hefty dowries .
Marriage means the girls are no longer a financial or moral burden to their parents .
And often , parents will extract a promise from the husband to wait until the girl is older to consummate the marriage .
Children 's organization UNICEF issued a statement Monday saying : " Child marriages violate the rights of children in the most deplorable way .
The younger the girl is when she becomes pregnant , the greater the health risks for her and her baby .
" Girls who give birth before the age of 15 are five times more likely to die in childbirth than women in their 20s .
Child marriage denies girls of their childhood , deprives them of an education and robs them of their innocence . "
" More must be done to address the underlying causes in order to prevent tragic deaths like those of 12 - year - old Fawziya and her baby , " the statement added .
The issue of Yemeni child brides came to the forefront in 2008 with 10 - year - old Nujood Ali .
She was pulled out of school and married to a man who beat and raped her within weeks of the ceremony .
To escape , Nujood hailed a taxi -- the first time in her life -- to get across town to the central courthouse where she sat on a bench and demanded to see a judge .
After a well - publicized trial , she was granted a divorce .
The Yemeni parliament tried in February to pass a law , setting the minimum marriage age at 17 .
But the measure has not reached the president because many parliamentarians argued it violates sharia , or Islamic law , which does not stipulate a minimum age .
I ’ve been reading up on the history of Marijuana .
I smoked weed for years without having much knowledge about it .
Now that I have more knowledge I have little to no desire to smoke it .
But on occassion it ’s nice to hit the pipe and relax .
I ’ve compiled a list of the 10 best marijuana strains .
Mostly so the uneducated like myself will have a starting point when taking a puff of the cannabis .
Get A Subscription To High Times , and find out about more popular strains of Bud
1. Big Bud
Big Bud Marijuana is the winner of Holland ’s world famous Cannabis Cup in 1989 .
Big Bud is a massive producer with gnormous leaves .
2. Ice
Ice Marijuana was developed to be stronger bolder than any other strain of marijuana .
It ’s very sticky and very popular .
3. Skunk #
1
Skunk # 1 was developed for indoor cultivators .
This particular strain was developed for the high yield grower that is looking to achieve large buds .
4. Northern Lights
Northern Lights Marijuana has big crystalized leaves and was developed for high yield indoor growing .
It has a strong earthy taste that is preferred by many .
5. New York City Diesel
NYC Diesel is a super dense indoor strain that is also very smelly .
It has the strong earthy taste of citric diesel fuel .
6. Lowryder
Lowryder is unique in that it does away with the vegetative growth stage .
It grows a set of leaves and begins flowering .
Because of this it is one of the most easily concealed for the indoor grower .
7. Blueberry
Blueberry is a high yield mosty indica strain that is a bit on the high maintenance end of growth but it has an amazing flavor and some amazing buds .
Very popular with new smokers .
8. AK 47
AK 47 is very tangy .
Its great for entire body sensation buzz .
Especially popular for medical marijuana use .
9. Purple Power
Another high yield growth strain that is primarily an outdoor strain with a sweet amber overtone .
10 . Afghan
Perfect for the outdoor cultivator , though it is also grown indoors .
This strain is extremely rugged plant and is the lowest mntc of any strain of marijuana .
Get A Subscription To High Times , and find out about more popular strains of Bud
Sign tribal peoples ’ law and help save rainforests – call for action on UN Indigenous Peoples ’
Day
August 6 , 2009
Davi Kopenawa Yanomami is appealing to governments to sign ILO 169
© Luciano Padrão / CAFOD
As the UN Day of Indigenous Peoples approaches on Sunday , Survival is renewing its call for countries to sign up to the international law for tribal peoples .
ILO Convention169 , which marks its twentieth anniversary this year , is the only international law to recognize and protect the land rights of indigenous and tribal peoples .
It is also a key instrument in the battle to save the world ’s rainforests , putting control of the land back in the hands of the people who have looked after it for generations .
Davi Kopenawa , a Yanomami shaman from the Brazilian Amazon dubbed ‘ the Dalai Lama of the rainforest ’ , says , ‘ I ’m asking all governments to sign ILO 169 to guarantee our rights . ’
To date , just twenty countries have ratified ILO 169 , only three of which are members of the EU .
The UK refuses to ratify ILO 169 on the basis that there are no tribal peoples in the country , ignoring the impact of British - run projects on tribal communities .
So far , 93 MPs have signed an Early Day Motion in parliament calling on the government to ratify the Convention without delay .
Survival ’s director Stephen Corry said today , ‘ Tribal peoples are among the most marginalised and vulnerable peoples in the world .
When their land is taken from them , often in the name of development , they lose everything .
If world leaders are serious about human rights , and about saving the rainforests , they will ratify this law . ’
Read more about ILO 169
Faced with a state budget crisis that wo n't quit , Arizona lawmakers are offering to sell legislative buildings , prisons and other facilities that the state would then lease back , effectively taking out a mortgage on paid - for state property .
The plan signed by Gov. Jan Brewer two months into the new fiscal year as part of a budget package will put a combination of prisons and other facilities up for sale to raise $ 735 million .
Included in the list are the executive office tower housing the governor 's office and the state police headquarters .
The $ 8.7 billion spending plan closed most of a $ 3.2 billion revenue shortfall with a combination of spending cuts , borrowing , use of federal stimulus money and a variety of budget - balancing maneuvers .
The state would continue to use the facilities and get ownership of them back after up to 20 years of paying lease payments .
A separate budget - balancing provision would sell one or more state prisons outright to raise $ 100 million .
California lawmakers also approved state asset sales in July , authorizing the sale of 17 state office buildings to raise cash and renting the space back from the new landlord .
The Orange County Fairgrounds also will go on the market .
The sale could raise hundreds of millions of dollars , according to the state .
Todd Haggerty , a National Conference of State Legislatures analyst , said said it 's not surprising that Arizona would resort to the lease - purchase sales .
Arizona 's budget morass is among the worst in the nation , with revenue dropping nearly 30 percent between the 2007 - 2008 budget year and this year .
" A lot of states are looking at three , four or even five years ( of shortfalls ) , " Haggerty said .
" Anything and everything is on the table . "
The refinancing breaks new ground for the state and an implementation plan is still being developed , said Alan Ecker , a Department of Administration spokesman .
Other properties listed as candidates for sale - leaseback deals include 10 prison complexes , the House and Senate buildings , a new archives building , the state mental hospital , a veterans care home and even the gem of the state parks system , a cave known as the Kartchner Caverns .
The copper - domed Old Capitol , now the home of a museum , is n't on the list .
" These are solid , safe investments , " said House Appropriations Chairman John Kavanagh , R- Fountain Hills .
" I think investors are going to jump on them . "
Republican legislators in Arizona in recent years tried to fend off then - Gov. Janet Napolitano 's proposals to borrow money to prop up spending in the face of the collapse of the state 's growth - reliant housing industry .
But GOP leaders this year decided that refinancing state buildings and other forms of borrowing are a lesser evil than tax increases such as those proposed by Brewer and her counterparts in other states .
A Federal Reserve survey released on Sept. 9 was seen as evidence that the recession is over nationally , but Arizona is among 24 states already projecting shortfalls for their 2011 fiscal years .
It could take several years for many states ' budgets to recover from the recession , Haggerty said .
With high unemployment contributing to demand for state services , " the states definitely have a lag factor , " he said .
Brewer said she has n't given up on her proposal to boost the state 's sales tax and wants lawmakers to consider it anew when they report in January for their 2010 regular session and resume budget work .
" A lot of the one - time solutions simply are n't going to be there , " said Eileen Klein , Brewer 's top budget adviser .
Before legislators begin work on the next budget - one also expected to have a shortfall of up to $ 3 billion - they will have to finish off the current one .
While Brewer signed most of a budget - balancing package into law on Sept. 4 , she vetoed some spending cuts and other provisions designed to save $ 464 million .
That and a $ 500 million deficit left over from the previous budget add up to a nearly $ 1 billion shortfall that needs to be closed .
The budget action means the state now can pay its bills in the next few months with its reduced tax collections , stimulus money and continued borrowing from special state funds , Treasurer Dean Martin said .
" We 're out of the woods , " Martin said .
" Cross your fingers , cross your toes . "
AMD unveiled its next - generation GPU architecture at an event today aboard the USS Hornet — 2.5 teraFLOPS of floating - point power , or well over twice the company 's current high - end cards .
The company also had hardware and software partners on - hand to demonstrate their own applications of AMD 's technology , and one of these partners was OTOY .
While AMD gave a number of very impressive demos of their next - generation DirectX 11 part ( detailed technical discussion to follow later this month ) , OTOY 's demo of Crysis running on an iPhone was probably the most profoundly intriguing use of AMD 's upcoming GPU that I saw all evening .
Ok , I know that 90 percent of you just did a double - take — Crysis , the standard gaming benchmark for high - end 3D hardware , running on a next - gen GPU on an iPhone ?
Let me explain .
The return of the thin client model
I have n't covered OTOY 's remote gaming service in the past because I 've been skeptical of it — the firm 's combination of secrecy and big talk raised red flags , and I 've had plenty of company in my skepticism here at Ars .
In a nutshell , OTOY claims to be able to deliver 3D games in real - time over the Internet , so that you can play , say , Crysis by using a remote render farm as a kind of terminal server that pushes out frames to a thin client that just does display and user input .
This sounds a little bit wacky , and when Ars Gaming Editor Ben Kuchera saw a working demo by OTOY competitor OnLive at the recent GDC he was impressed , yet voiced some suspicion that maybe it was all faked .
After a live demo and a brief chat with two OTOY engineers , I was able to get a much better handle on how it works and what its prospects actually are .
First , the game is rendered like normal on the server machine , where frames from it are grabbed by the OTOY server - side software .
Next , these frames are compressed and sent out over the network to the client , which decompresses them using a very small chunk of code ( about 780 K , hence the iPhone demo ) and displays them in a window .
User input is sent back to the server over UDP because it 's tolerant of packet loss , so you do n't add to latency by resending dropped packets .
The demos of Bioshock , Grand Theft Auto , and World of Warcraft were surprisingly responsive , despite the fact that the games were being served up by machines in Los Angeles .
There was some discernible lag , but not much worse than what I was comfortable with in my Quake deathmatch days .
The main problem with these demos was that I could easily see a ton of compression artifacts on the large monitors that AMD was using , to the point where text was n't very readable .
Smaller monitors and fewer demo stations ( for more bandwidth per station ) would 've put OTOY in a better light , but unless the visual experience was very significantly improved I could n't see immediately see many PC or console gamers settling for this in its present state .
But for casual / handheld gaming , this tech has immediate potential , as Crysis running the iPhone demostrated .
The iPhone 's screen was small enough that I could n't discern any compression artifacts , and the gameplay was smooth and responsive .
Aside from the half - baked control scheme , which was apparently hacked together at the last minute , this really was Crysis running on an iPhone .
As for OTOY 's prospects for eventually reaching the hardcore , my chat with their engineer proved instructive .
Wrong side of Moore 's Law ?
When I was talking to the OTOY engineer , I suggested to him that his company was on the wrong side of Moore 's Law , in the sense that the number of transistors that you can cheaply pack into a client machine is rising much faster than available network bandwidth .
I took the implication to be that at some point , when the gap between CPU and GPU horsepower and network bandwidth is a few times greater than it is now , you 'd rather host that power yourself to get a better gaming experience than deliver it over the network and deal with latency and compression artifacts .
His response was good , and sounded plausible to me .
He suggested that there 's a network bandwidth threshold beyond which OTOY 's technology is " good enough " to compete with a locally run game , and that this threshold is at the 20 M bit mark , which is the point that OTOY can push 1080 p frames across the network .
As long as latency is under control , if you 're playing at full 1080 p then you 'll be just as happy gaming remotely via , say , a set - top box , as you are playing locally on very expensive hardware .
The OTOY + lightweight client value proposition gets even better as server - side real - time rendering prowess increases to cinematic levels .
In other words , if you can game on way more parallel computing power at 1080 p over the network than you could ever afford to buy locally , then even a hardcore gamer may be willing to tolerate a little latency and loss of sharpness , at least for certain types of games .
I can see where game developers love this idea , because it solves their piracy problem in one whack , eliminates support costs , and gives them a recurring revenue stream via subscriptions .
I 'm still having a bit of trouble getting my head around why AMD / ATI thinks this is a good long - term idea , though , because it seems like it could sell a lot more silicon to gamers than it could to render farms .
It 's probably the case that AMD is happy to sell GPUs to both clients and servers for a while , especially if it opens up a new market like iPhone gaming to high - end GPUs .
Udpate :
The original version of this article conflated OTOY with rival OnLive .
I regret the error .
Glenn Beck , the right wing fringe commentator has not only embarrassed himself by calling President Obama a racist–he has embarrassed the Church and Mormons everywhere .
In late July the firebrand exclaimed :
This president , I think , has exposed himself as a guy — over and over and over again — who has a deep seated hatred for white people or white culture , I do n’t know what it is . . .
I ’m not saying he does n’t like white people .
I ’m saying he has a problem , this guy is , I believe , a racist .
Of course the claim is nonsense , of the same genre as much of Rush Limbaugh ’s hate speech , and that of Shawn Hanity .
But , what makes Glenn Beck ’s comments more harmful is that he claims he is an active member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
The Church does not need this type of publicity or association .
Mormons everywhere ought to denouce the comments and Beck for making them .
Why –because these comments perpetuate erroneous and harmful stereotypes of the Church and its membership .
The post Proposition 8 media spin has already harmed the Church ’s image painting Mormons who stood for religious principle as propagating hate and intolerance and being on the fringe .
Glenn Beck ’s comments only fuel that fire .
The more reasoned secular world is distancing itself from Beck ’s ridiculous claims .
Already advertisers are pulling their ads from his show–and rightly so .
Mormons should do likewise .
I , for one , as an active participant in the community of Saints denounce Glenn Beck , his comments , and the harm it does to the Church .
With friends like Glenn Beck –the Church needs no further enemies .
UPDATE 7:30 p.m. David
G’s comment just saved from the spam filter has some important links I wanted to highlight –
Thanks David :
Glenn Beck and the Revivalism of Mormon Millenarianism ?
The government is the devil : Glen Beck and Mormonism Redux
Glenn Beck on Smoking ( Make certain to watch the video )
Glenn Beck and Drinking Wine
Other Links
Are Glenn Beck ’s Values Mormon Values ?
Glenn Beck : Mormon Sadly
The Glenn Beck conundrum
Latter day taint
Glenn Beck Does n’t Speak For All Mormons ( Mormon Times )
Glenn Beck Does n’t Speak For All Mormons ( Deseret News )
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Are there any mirrors in the headquarters of the Federal Reserve ?
If so , I think it 's time for Ben Bernanke and his colleagues to look into one .
The Fed , according to a Wall Street Journal report Friday , is said to be considering a plan that would allow regulators to closely monitor and even change the pay practices at financial firms in order to make sure that these companies are n't encouraging excessive risk - taking .
Considering that the mess that we find ourselves in is partly due to big banks and insurance firms failing to recognize the many subprime warning signs in order to satisfy Wall Street 's myopic focus on quarterly profits , reining in bonuses and other compensation tied to stock performance may not sound like a bad idea .
But riddle me this Bat- readers :
Is n't it more than a tad hypocritical for the Fed to be trying to tell banks that too much risk is a bad thing ?
After all , the Fed has kept its key overnight bank lending rate near 0 % since December and has shown no indication that it will raise this rate anytime soon .
And the Fed has pumped trillions of dollars into the financial system through a variety of programs in order to try and get banks to loan more again .
The business of lending is inherently risky .
So what kind of message is the Fed trying to send here ?
" It makes absolutely no sense at all .
It is completely counterintuitive , " said Haag Sherman , managing director with Salient Partners , an investment firm in Houston .
" The government wants to impose more regulations and put shackles on compensation but in the next breath everybody is screaming about banks not lending . "
It 's hypocritical plain and simple .
Is n't all this cheap money designed to push banks to take on more risks ?
The Fed wants to slap banks on the wrist for paying its employees too much because that might encourage them to get reckless .
But at the same time , the Fed is tempting banks to lapse into bad habits with what may be an overly accommodative monetary policy .
This is the equivalent of your doctor telling you that he wants to approve every meal you eat for the next few months so you do n't gain a lot of weight -- while handing you coupons for McDonald 's and Krispy Kreme on your way out of the office .
Now of course , many big financial firms are guilty of helping to bring about the financial crisis as the promise of fantabulous bonuses undoubtedly caused them to put on blinders and ignore risk .
" There was no acknowledgment that the derivatives they were writing had a risk .
The biggest issue with compensation at financial firms is that it was like paying people before the roulette wheel stopped spinning , " said Barry Ritholtz , CEO and director of equity research at research firm Fusion IQ in New York .
But there is a lot of blame to go around .
Consumers got suckered into thinking that the American dream was n't just owning a home but owning a home with as little money down as possible so they could quickly flip it and buy another one .
Greedy mortgage brokers and appraisers helped indulge this .
But many believe the the root cause of the housing bubble is that interest rates were extremely low for an extended period of time .
And that 's mainly the Fed 's fault .
During the 2001 recession , the Fed slashed interest rates , bringing them down to 1 % by June 2003 .
And it held them at 1 % for a year .
With that in mind , why should the Fed have the power to dictate compensation packages -- especially since it may be in the process of making the same mistake all over again by signaling it 's going to keep rates at zero for a while .
" The Fed was a major cause of this downturn .
So why reward them with more authority ?
And now they 're saying do n't take risks but by the way , here 's a whole lot of easy money , " Ritholtz said .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not suggesting that bank CEOs , other senior executives and traders should be rewarded for failure .
And if the government has a major stake in a financial institution , I think regulators should be more active in protecting the interest of taxpayers .
I have no problem if the government wanted to , for example , tell new AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) CEO Robert Benmosche that he can't make as much as he did when he ran MetLife ( MET , Fortune 500 ) or use AIG 's corporate jet for personal purposes .
( What was Benmosche thinking ?
Did all the stories about AIG bonus rage not reach his villa in Croatia ?
Thank heavens the board turned him down . )
Regulators should also be allowed to look more closely at and crack down on excessive compensation at the likes of Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) and Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) as long as they remain tethered to TARP .
That 's the price these institutions pay for needing what the government euphemistically describes as " exceptional assistance , " and you and I would call a bailout .
But the Fed 's plan is supposedly going to apply to the more than 5,000 banks that it regulates .
That 's not fair to the many banks that did n't screw up and were in a strong enough financial position to turn down the government 's " rescue " plan .
Plus , this looks like more of a power grab by the Fed than anything else .
The Fed appears to want to run an end - around on Congress and avoid legislative scrutiny .
Ritholtz argued that other agencies , such as the SEC and FDIC , should be the ones that have more authority over scrutinizing compensation packages at banks .
He thinks the Fed should stick to its primary role as a monetary policy maker .
Sherman goes one step further .
He does n't think the government should have any role in dictating pay .
He said that should be up to investors in the financial firms .
" To me , the most sensible thing is to give shareholders more say and give them more transparency about compensation in proxy statements , " he said .
Of course , it 's not that simple .
And it 's actually going to take action from Washington to give shareholders that power .
The House passed a so - called " say on pay " bill earlier this summer but the Senate has yet to vote on its own version .
Hopefully , shareholders will have more of a say soon .
They deserve it more than the Fed .
Talkback : Should the Fed or other government agencies have the power to limit executive compensation ?
Share your comments below .
September 16 , 2009 Tatra Mountains , Poland - On Monday , September 14 , 2009 , the Austrian Times headlined : “ Polish Yeti Caught On Film . ”
“ I saw this huge , ape - like form hiding behind the rocks .
When I saw it , it was like being struck by a thunderbolt . ”
Click here to subscribe and get instant access to read this report .
Click here to check your existing subscription status .
Existing members , login below :
Video : Mapping the moon
Permanently shadowed craters near the moon ’s south pole stay at a constant - 240 °C – 10 °C colder than Pluto ( Image : NASA )
Poor Pluto .
First it gets kicked out of the planet club , now it ’s not even the coldest known place in the solar system .
Dark craters near the moon ’s south pole have snatched that title – which is good news for the prospects of finding water ice on Earth ’s companion .
The craters ’ towering rims block the sun from reaching their centres , like the long shadows cast by tall buildings at dusk .
In this permanent darkness , they stay at a constant - 240 °Celsius – more than 30 °C above absolute zero and 10 °C cooler than Pluto ’s dayside , which was measured at - 230 °C in 2006 .
Advertisement
“ The lunar south pole is among the coldest parts of the solar system and may be in fact colder than what we expect from places like Pluto , ” NASA scientist Richard Vondrak said at a press conference on Thursday .
Randy Gladstone , a planetary scientist at the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colorado , says : “ There are other permanently shadowed [ regions ] – or just regions that spend a really long time in shadow – elsewhere in the solar system , which might well have lower temperatures but have n’t been measured yet . ”
The cold temperature bodes well for the prospect of finding water ice deposits in the moon ’s shadowy pockets .
Previous calculations had shown that water and other volatile gases would dissipate into space at temperatures above about - 220 °C .
Lunar impact
The measurements come from NASA ’s Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) , which launched in June .
The satellite ’s temperature sensor , DIVINER , measures the amount of emitted and reflected radiation given off by the surface .
LRO has a number of other instruments designed to map properties such as topography and neutron levels – another possible indicator of water .
In July , the satellite sent back pictures of the Apollo landing sites to commemorate the 40th anniversary of humans on the moon .
On Thursday , LRO ’s primary mission began to collect data that could be used to plan a possible return to the moon .
The temperature finding raises hopes that NASA ’s other current lunar satellite mission , LCROSS , the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite , will find evidence of water when it crashes into a crater near the moon ’s south pole on 9 October .
There is one huge gaping hole in Jurassic park that still bothers me :
When they first land on the island , the scientist lady examines the flora and remarks , “ these plants have been extinct for years ! ”
Later in the film , we are treated to a passable explanation about how they are able to clone dinosaurs from blood inside mosquitoes .
This does n’t explain , however , WHERE IN THE HELL THEY GOT THE EXTINCT PLANTS !
Were there some vegetarian mosquitoes frozen in that amber , too ?
# 22793 +( 1802 ) - [ X ] < klockwerk >
If you were on a bus full of gay guys would you get off ?
< cornelius > yeah
< cornelius > wait ... no
< cornelius > shit
Some of you may have noticed the gradient background on this site now has a nice texture to it .
We often want to create gradients like that and , rather than having to open up a drawing tool every time , we use a Python library to generate PNG files based on a specification of the gradient and texture desired .
Some of you may have noticed the gradient background on this site now has a nice texture to it .
We often want to create gradients like that and , rather than having to open up a drawing tool every time , we use a Python library to generate PNG files based on a specification of the gradient and texture desired .
In a couple of older posts on my personal blog ( [ [ http://jtauber.com/blog/2008/05/18/creating_gradients_programmatically_in_python/|Creating Gradients Programmatically in Python ] ] and [ [ http://jtauber.com/blog/2008/10/17/hsl_gradients/|HSL Gradients ] ] )
I showed code I use for generating gradients in Python .
I 've recently extended that code to support radial as well as linear gradients and to be able to add Gaussian noise to give a bit of texture .
Here is the famous blue gradient used by default in Pinax :
{{ 2 }}
which was generated with the following code :
{{{ #!code python write_png ( " example5.png " , 50 , 80 , gradient ( LINEAR_Y , NO_NOISE , [ ( 1.00 , ( 0x00 , 0x11 , 0x33 ) , ( 0x00 , 0x55 , 0x77 ) ) , ] ) )
}}}
Here is a glassy button background and the code used to create it .
Notice the use of an HSV colour space to keep consistent hue and saturation and only vary the value .
{{ 3 }}
{{{ #!code python write_png ( " example7.png " , 200 , 40 , gradient ( LINEAR_Y , NO_NOISE , [ ( 0.5 , HSV ( 0.55 , 0.2 , 0.40 ) , HSV ( 0.55 , 0.2 , 0.54 ) ) , ( 1.0 , HSV ( 0.55 , 0.2 , 0.47 ) , HSV ( 0.55 , 0.2 , 0.61 ) ) , ] ) )
}}}
This is an example of a subtle radial gradient combined with a Gaussian noise texture .
{{ 6 }}
{{{ #!code python write_png ( " example11.png " , 480 , 100 , gradient ( RADIAL ( 0.5 , 0.0 ) , GAUSSIAN ( 0.01 ) , [ ( 0.8 , ( 0x22 , 0x22 , 0x22 ) , ( 0x00 , 0x00 , 0x00 ) ) ] ) )
}}}
And finally here is a textured linear gradient inspired by [ [ http://ryanberg.net/|Ryan Berg ] ]'s on [ [ http://djangofriendly.com/]].
{{ 9 }}
{{{ #!code python write_png ( " example15.png " , 200 , 350 , gradient ( LINEAR_Y , GAUSSIAN ( 0.01 ) , [ ( 0.5 , ( 0x01 , 0x10 , 0x09 ) , ( 0x09 , 0x2D , 0x1 F ) ) ] ) )
}}}
In practice , the non-radial , non-textured gradients only need to be one pixel thick .
I 've just made all these thicker so you can see the effect .
With Gaussian noise textures , you want a thickness of at least 50 pixels ( depending on the level of noise ) otherwise the repetition is obvious .
For example
{{ 8 }}
where the number represents the actual width of the repeating background .
Note that the noise is quite high in these examples ( 0.05 ) so even 50 is n't sufficient .
Obviously radial gradients need to be the full width as they are n't repeated .
The library code for generating all this ( which is less than 80 lines of Python ) is available from a [ [ http://github.com/jtauber/graphics/tree/master|git repository on GitHub ] ] .
JERUSALEM  Nineteen foreign activists of the pro-Palestinian Free Gaza Movement were being held in Israel awaiting deportation on Thursday , two days after the Israeli Navy seized control of their boat off Gaza .
A former United States Representative , Cynthia McKinney , and an Irish peace activist and Nobel laureate , Mairead Corrigan Maguire , were among those being held .
Two additional Israeli activists were released without being charged on Wednesday , according to the group .
The Free Gaza Movement and other campaigners have sailed several boats to Gaza in the last year , saying they wanted to bring humanitarian aid and challenging the Israeli blockade .
Israel has let some boats reach the coastal strip and forced others to turn back at sea
This time , the Israeli navy commandeered the boat and brought the crew and passengers ashore in Ashdod .
The military said in a statement that the navy had previously contacted the boat at sea and warned that it would not be permitted to enter Gaza coastal waters “ because of security risks in the area and the existing naval blockade . ”
The Smoking Gun today published the results of a seven - week investigative probe into Pranknet , an anonymous , web - organized group of meanies who pulled a bunch of particularly sadistic phone pranks on businesses and residents throughout the US .
A number of American television news networks have been breathlessly covering Pranknet 's hijinks of late .
These are the jerks who thought it was funny to call low - budget hotel rooms and convince occupants that they had to break open windows to escape imminent deadly gas leaks , or smash televisions to evade impending doom .
As one Fark commenter put it , " I 'm not sure who sucks more , the prank callers or the idiots that listen to them and destroy their hotel rooms . "
Photo inset at left : 25 - year old Tariq Malik , Pranknet 's founding bully , pictured in a webcam still taken in his Windsor , Ontario bedroom .
I think it 's fair to debate whether or not calling Malik a " telephone terrorist " ( as TSG does in the headline ) is inflammatory and over the top , but I will say this : what he and his anonymous coward buds did was cruel , lame , and could have caused physical injury or loss of life , in addition to the substantial property damage reported .
You can hear a female victim panicking and crying on the recording below .
Malik and his fellow Pranknet anons refer to her as a " crazy bitch , " then they whine about how many idle logins are in the chat room with only a few participating in the prank .
Other recordings reflect the stronger sort of racist and homophobic language one might find in the dregs of chan .
I hope Malik and the perps who helped him get the absolute maximum possible sentences , to be accompanied in prison by cellmates who lack a sense of humor .
But guess what ?
Like so many anonymous internet bullies , tough - guy Tariq " Dex " Malik lives with his mommy .
Snip from TSG :
On July 22 , a pair of TSG reporters approached " Dex " 's building at 1637 Assumption Street in Windsor , where he lives in the ground - floor ' B ' apartment .
Calling to his mother , who was standing near an open living room window , a reporter asked her to summon her son .
The woman disappeared into " Dex " 's adjoining bedroom , where the pair could be heard whispering .
Despite repeated requests to come out and speak with TSG , " Dex " hid with his mother in his bedroom , the windows of which were covered with plastic shopping bags , a towel , and one black trash bag .
As the sun set and his room darkened , " Dex " did not reach to turn on a light .
The notorious Internet Tough Guy , who has gleefully used the telephone to cause all kinds of havoc , was now himself panicking .
He had been found .
And , as a result , was barricaded in Pranknet World Headquarters with his mom , while two reporters loitered outside his window and curious neighbors wondered what was up .
That 's when the online outlaw came up with a plan .
Tariq Malik , the 25 - year - old founder and leader of Pranknet , decided to call the police .
Telephone Terrorist : Outing An Online Outlaw ( smokinggun.com )
Pardus is a Linux , desktop - oriented operating system .
The latest release , Pardus 2009 , was made available for download a few weeks ago .
This review , my first of any version of Pardus , also marks the first listing of Pardus on this site .
As with all reviews on this site , I ’m coming at this from the view point of a regular computer user , that is , someone just looking for a good distro that works right out of the box .
The following is my experience using Pardus 2009 for exactly one week , performing three installs in the process .
Come with me .
Let ’s see what Pardus 2009 has to offer .
Installation : Pardus sports a graphical installer that is pretty easy and straight forward to use Just point - and - click .
NEXT .
BACK if you change your mind about something in the previous step .
While being simple to use , the installer lacks support for configuring LVM , soft RAID , and disk encryption .
The default filesystem is ext4 .
Other filesystems types available are Reiserfs , Ext3 , XFS , NTFS , and fat32 .
Disk partitioning is pretty easy , and by default the installer creates just one partition for everything .
If you choose to partition the disk (s ) manually , the installer only allows you to create the following partition types :
A partition for Pardus system file or /
User files partition , / home
swap
A storage partition , / mnt / archive , for storing backup or archive files
That ’s all you get with Pardus as far as disk partitioning goes .
You do not have the luxury of creating other partition types ( / usr , / var , / tmp , etc ) that we are used to on a UNIX - like operating systems .
GRUB ( GRand Unified Bootloader ) is the bootloader of choice .
Most distros give you the option to customize the packages to install , but Pardus does not .
This is good for in - experienced users , but power users might what some more , eh …. freedom during the installation process .
This is not really a big deal because you can always install all the applications you need ( that are available in Pardus ’s repos ) after first boot .
Desktop :
The default desktop environment on Pardus is the K Desktop Environment ( KDE ) , and that is the only desktop environment I could find in the repos ( default and contrib ) .
In essence if you must use Gnome , Xfce , or any other desktop environment , you ’ll have to point Pardus ’s package manager to a third - party repo .
The first thing I look for on a newly installed desktop operating system is the lineup of application icons on the panel .
Are the apps ( especially system utilities ) a user most likely to use on the panel , or do they have to go digging for them in the menu ?
Pardus 2009 desktop with the Lancelot menu
Pardus 2009 sports very few applications icons on the panel .
Aside from the Network Manager and the menu launcher icons , Pardus provides very little else on the panel .
Need to launch a browser after first boot ?
You will have to dig two levels in to the menu to get at Firefox or Konqueror .
Most distros place an icon of their default browser and other must - use applications on the panel , and that ’s what ’s expected of all distros .
At least that ’s what I expect .
Place the icons of applications your users are most likely to use ( you know , like a browser , system updater , etc ) right on the panel .
One very , very good aspect of a Pardus installation is Kaptan , a system configuration utility .
Kaptan helps you to customize a newly installed system , and it can be called at any other time .
Virtually all distros have their own version of Kaptan , but Kaptan offers more configuration details than you ’ll find on other distros .
That said , some of the options available on Kaptan should be on by default .
For example , the system update utility should be enabled out - of - the - box and its icon placed on the panel .
Kaptan ( with the update utility option enabled )
By default , Pardus uses the kick - off style menu , and you can always switch to the simple , classical menu style .
A third menu style – Lancelot – may be optionally set by using Kaptan ( also by selecting Add Widget to Panel when right - clicking on the Panel ) .
Lancelot is like a blend of the kick - off and classical menus .
While it looks more stylish ( than the kick - off style ) , Lancelot lacks some of the features of the kick - off style .
For example , on the kick - off style , you can add applications icons to the panel by right - clicking on it and selecting Add to Panel .
You ca n’t do that with Lancelot .
With Lancelot , you may only add to or remove items from your Favorites .
Kick - off style menu
Lancelot style menu
Default Installed Applications :
Out of the box , Pardus 2009 comes with a pretty decent selection of applications , although nowhere near what Sabayon has .
Here ’s a short list of some notable apps :
Firefox 3.5.1
The GIMP
Skanlite , image scanning application
Kopete , the multi-protocol instant messenger
Dragon Player 2.0 , an good video player
SMPlayer , a very good MPlayer frontend
OpenOffice.org 3.1
As with Linux Mint , what you notice about Pardus is that there are no games installed .
Not one .
Also there are no media center applications like Moovida , the media center application formerly known as Elisa Media Center , or XBMC .
Not only are these not installed , I could not find them ( Moovida and XBMC ) in the default repo .
With games however , there are a decent collection in the default repo that you can install using the package manager .
The Department of Defense has identified 770 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans on Monday :
BURROW , Dennis J. , 23 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; Naples , Fla. ; Second Marine Expeditionary Force .
EVANS , Jerry R. Jr. , 23 , Sgt. , Army ; Eufaula , Ala. ; 10th Mountain Division ( Light Infantry ) .
OLVERA , Javier , 20 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; Palmdale , Calif . ; Second Marine Expeditionary Force .
SMITH , Tara J. , 33 , Staff Sgt. , Army ; Nashville , N.C. ; 18th Airborne Corps .
SWANSON , Matthew K. S. , 20 , Specialist , Army ; Lake Forest , Calif. ; 10th Mountain Division ( Light Infantry ) .
Some are calling Apple 's latest version of Mac OS X , Snow Leopard , little more than a service pack .
From a distance , it certainly looks that way :
There 's no new eye candy , no big - ticket features and even the ballyhooed addition of support for Microsoft Exchange ( ironically , even Windows does n't come with it ) is , well , boring .
But under its furry black and white skin , the $ 30 upgrade is worth it , and will reach into every corner of your Mac to speed things up .
Surprisingly , Snow Leopard 's biggest improvements are to your hardware .
Think of it as a tune - up for your machine .
Longer Lasting Batteries
All of Apple 's built - in software , from Safari to iPhoto , and a lot of third - party applications launch faster , run with less memory and use up fewer CPU cycles .
But do n't concern your pretty little heads with that .
What it means is a cooler computer and therefore a less thirsty computer .
The fans spin slower and juice in the battery is n't used to scorch your lap .
The difference is striking .
For instance , on my MacBook , Safari would run at around 25 - 35 percent of CPU , and spin up to around 100 percent + under stress in 10.5 Leopard .
Right now , under 10.6 , it 's not even showing up in the Top 5 list , meaning it is idling at under 4 percent .
This is with 12 tabs open .
Make a
Skype video call and the battery meter still goes down like a cheap ... well , you know , but in everyday use , you 'll get extra battery time .
Bigger Hard Drive
Apple makes much of the reclamation of hard drive space when you install Snow Leopard , unusual in an OS upgrade on any platform .
This is achieved by both installing less ( printer drivers are downloaded on demand instead of loading gigabytes of them up front ) and by optimizing and compressing code .
But this alone can't explain some people 's claims of 20 GB or more being freed up .
In fact , plug in any drive , not just the boot drive , and it will be bigger .
How ?
Because Snow Leopard now reads drive sizes the way humans do , as chunks of 1000 kilobytes .
Computers usually define a megabyte as 1024 kilobytes .
Not much with a small drive , but when you get up to the terabyte drives we have today , that discrepancy rises to 10 percent , or 100 GB , as big as some whole drives .
Of course , your 500 - GB drive is now listed as having 500 GB , but just because 10.6 reports sizes in base 10 instead of in base two does n't mean your drive has grown – it just looks like it has .
Faster Everything
The whole OS is snappier .
Applications now load instantly instead of bouncing sleepily in the dock for a moment .
Menus appear and disappear faster ( although this is surely an interface timing trick ) .
And when software vendors update their wares to take advantage of some new tech , slow , heavy applications should scream along .
There are two key features that allow this .
Grand Central Dispatch and Open CL , which press into service parts of your Mac that normally spend a good deal of time loafing around , smoking cigarettes and catcalling girls , while the CPU does all the work .
Grand Central Dispatch lets apps make use of the multicore processors in modern machines without having to write complex management code .
A developer pretty much points its tasks at GCD and everything is taken care of .
This speeds everything up .
Open CL does something similar for your graphics card , a device capable of astonishing speed when processing a gazillion tasks at a time .
This is usually wasted on rendering graphics ( of course ) , like using a Ferrari to drive to the corner store once a week .
With Open CL , now it can be accessed for more mundane computing tasks , and promises a quantum leap in performance .
Oh boy .
Tweaks
Along with these big , behind - the - curtain additions , there are plenty of little things that will make your life easier .
For instance : when you plug your camera in , you want images to download automatically .
Fine .
But when you hook up an iPhone , you do n't want Image Capture to open .
Every .
Single .
Time .
Now , you can decide how the OS handles all of your cameras : Ignore the iPhone , send DSLR pictures to Lightroom and point - and - shoot pics to iPhoto .
Or Services , the stealth hit of 10.6 , which takes the dusty , cluttered old submenu item and lets it add functions to your software .
For instance , you can rotate or resize a photo right there in the Finder , or in iPhoto you can right click and tell it to address an e-mail to everybody in the photo ( using face - recognition ) , or to pull up a Google map with all their addresses shown .
Sounds like magic , huh ?
It is , and you can download or write your own Services in the revamped Automator .
In short , the new OS has more than $ 30 worth of new features , it 's just that they do n't stick out at first .
But think about this .
What are the usual reasons to upgrade a computer ?
Bigger hard drive , faster processor , better battery life , right ?
For just $ 30 , you get all this on a DVD .
Product page [ Apple ]
Photo : Tambako the Jaguar / Flickr
See Also :
Introduction
Introduction
OK , fresh off the boat from the land of morning calm comes the newest MMO to hit the market in 2009 .
On September 22nd Aion is released for the masses .
It carries a burden of huge hype from numerous players who are not satisfied with the current options in MMOs .
There is great anticipation of success for Aion .
Not because Aion is a ' WoW Clone ( although there are some similarities ) but because Aion has targeted one aspect that many players have complained was lacking in many recent MMO releases ... polished gameplay .
The MMO industry is becoming crowded , especially in the dominant fantasy genre of game .
As such , players need to make a decision as to whether or not this game is right for them .
It is my hope that this review will help you make this decision .
I will update the review constantly through open beta as I expect many things will change .
Check back often !
I was fortunate to have been brought in to the beta prior to this game 's release .
I saw the dramatic changes as this game went though closed beta .
It remains to be seen how well Aion will do when it officially opens .
The launch of an MMO has come under intense scrutiny over the last 2 years ( And we have seen some stinky MMO releases ... think AoC , think Darkfall … gah ! ) .
It is my hope to give those players who have newly joined or are considering Aion insight as to what to expect , what to do , and perhaps where this game will be several months down the road .
One twist is that this is not the true release for Aion , but rather the North American / European arrival of Aion .
The game has been released in China / Korea for some time .
This article is about what to expect from Aion ... a bit more than what you get from FAQs or boards , it is an in depth look at my experience playing this game .
I do not declare myself some MMO guru or expert … most players have played numerous MMOs and are quite able to distinguish what ’s good from bad .
My viewpoint will be straightforward and as unbiased as possible … addressing why the highs are n’t so high , nor the lows so disastrous .
You will find that I talk and relate aspects of Aion to mainstream MMOs like World of Warcraft .
This is intentional .
It is not because I consider WoW represents the standard for MMOs , but rather a framework on which most players have some experience with and can relate to .
I have little doubt that all MMO developers eyes ( Including Aion's ) are dead set on becoming the next ' WoW ' .
Will Aion be a WoW Killer ?
The true answer is that there is no such thing as a WoW killer ( only time ) .
However , of all the games released in the last 2 years ... Aion has the best chance for huge success ( IMO ) .
So , with that introduction , let ’s begin .
System Requirements
Minimum System Requirements
Microsoft Windows XP SP2
2.8GHz CPU or equivalent
1GB RAM
NVIDIA 5900 Ultra with 128MB RAM / ATI Radeon x700 with 128MB RAM or higher
15GB hard disk space
DVD -ROM drive
DirectX 9.0c ( 6/2008 update )
Sound device
Broadband Internet connection
< Although this may be the true minimum , it is not practical .
You need AT LEAST 2gb of ram for Aion , else you will find the faction cities impassible . >
Recommended System Requirements
Microsoft Windows XP SP2 / Vista
Dual Core CPU 2.0GHz or equivalent
2GB RAM
NVIDIA 6800 with 256MB RAM / ATI Radeon x800 with 256MB or higher
15GB hard disk space
DVD -ROM drive
DirectX 9.0c ( 6/2008 update )
Sound device
Broadband Internet connection
Into the Game
You can tell as soon as you start this game up … this is is not a Western MMO like many north american MMO players are used to ( WoW , AoC , WAR , LOTRO , and others ) .
This game is Asian .
If you cannot imagine yourself in a world with strong Asian influences and mythos …and immersion is important to you ... then its time to find another MMO to play .
You will find quests like ‘ Go to the MuMu village and kill the Tao ’ , Farm poultry called ‘ QooQoo ’ , karate screams with each attack , and kabuki like character movements .
So be ready for it .
Anyone who has played Lineage , FFX1 or any F2P game will have little problem adjusting .
If I were to sum up the entire feel of the game in two words it would be ….’ Asian Serenity ’ ( which sounds like a new fragrance from Calvin Klein ... but trust me , you ’ll understand when you start playing the game )
At the login screen shimmering waterfalls and Asian harmonies ( upper octave C sharp ) greet you .
Time to enter your username and Pword ( Same ones that you use for WoW , and for WAR … and for EQ and LOTRO and Facebook ) .
After that you are taken to the character generation screen .
Ok , you go through the opening cinematic movie and wonder … what $ ^ % # was that ?!?!
( do n’t dwell on it ) and head to the character creation screen .
Character Creation and Customization
First thing you must do is choose a side .
There are 2 factions in Aion : The Elyos and Asmodian .
The Elyos are the Goodie Goodie stereotypical forces of goodie goodieness .
Light , nimble , cultured and refined .
The Asmodian are the gloomy , brooding , fierce goodie - less species in dire need of pedicures .
Honestly , there is little to no difference between the sides ( feet and skin aside ) .
No special racial powers , differing classes or innate advantages that set one apart from the other ( Faction titles are a bit different ... more on that below ) .
So chose the side that you affiliate with best .
However when you choose a side , you cannot play the other side on that server ( unless you delete all your characters ) .
I applaud this arrangement , it makes you commit to your realm and lends to the development of realm pride ( something many players still look for since the days of DAOC ….die Hibbies ! ) .
The Elyos Classes The Asmodian Classes
Once you choose a side you are taken to a screen that displayed all the different base classes all decked out with advanced armor and weapons .
There are 4 base classes in Aion : warrior , mage , priest and scout .
Each basic class becomes a specialized class at level 10 ( after a campaign quest series ) .
Warriors can become a gladiator ( melee dps ) or Templar ( Tank )
Scouts can become assassins ( melee dps ) or ranger ( ranged dps ) .
Both have limited stealth .
Mages can be a sorcerer ( Dps caster ) or spiritmaster ( Pet class )
Priests can turn into an enchanter ( Healer and buffer ) or a cleric ( super healer )
There is no difference between classes in either faction .
The standard abilities of an Asmodian assassin are the same as those of an Elyos assassin .
You can click on each and they will do a little dance and yell an Asian “ HI - YAA !! or YI - ARRRGH !! or even … WIKI WIKI WIKI !! ” .
They will also display the innate properties of each class ( Warriors have greater strength and constitution while mages have increased intelligence , etc ) .
Honestly I get the ‘ been there done that ’ sensation as I click through the various classes ( Ki-yaaa ) .
These are basically the standard classes and mechanics that we have seen in most every MMO before .
The holy trinity reigns ( Tank / Healer / DPS ) .
The character Customization offers a substantial number of options in order to visualy change your characters face and body ( Not as much as CoX or Champions , but still a lot ) .
However , as with most MMOs , facial changes are difficult to distinguish in game , especially when it is covered with helmets , etc .
In the end , only your toon's height is really noticible ( ranging between 1 to 6 feet ... more on this below ) .
One nice feature Aion offers is the aility to totally redo your character while in game ( change your character 's facial features , body features or even gender ) .
This can be accomplished at the Daeva of life Transformation NPC located in each factions main cities .
PVE Gameplay
Ok , if you ( still ) have n’t figured this out , Aion has a very Asian feel to it .
However , the controls UI and response of this game is similar to what you 've played thus far .
Its very akin to most MMOs these days and this is by design .
The standard UI has a minimap , Hotbars , Your character image displaying health , mana , etc ...as well anyone you are grouped with .
Sound familiar ?
You have the standard minimap in the corner .
This minimap also has built in radar function for things in front of you .
Player 's , NPC's and Mob 's locations will be displayed .
However as they move out of the frontal arc ( About a 45 degree frontal cone ) they will no longer be displayed .
Various colors mean different things .
Aion has limited built in radar
Green dot are other players .
White
Dot is a non agressive mob .
Red Dot is an aggressive Mob
Blue Dot is an NPC
The keys can be rebound based on your preferences in the system options .
All in all it 's simple and efficient .
Anyone with MMO experience will have a decent feel as soon as they start .
Ok so you enter the game and you are ready to kick some Asian butt ( about 3 sizes smaller than the typical American butt ... Thanks a lot McDonalds ) .
Generally I do n’t spend time in reviews talking about character movement ... not this time .
You can move your characters in 4 ways : 1 ) WASD ( considered the MMO standard ) , 2 ) Arrow Keys ( Generally laughed at MMO players who consider themselves uber ) , 3 ) Both L and R mouse buttons propel you forward and 4 ) The worst by far ... click to move .
GAH !
This click to move will get you killed ... mark my words !
You will attempt to R click a mob ... accidently L click and start walking into certain death ( Off a Cliff , Agro Mob camp , Deep water , etc ) .
UPDATE ! : Thankfully click to walk is now disabled ( but can be enabled in the options menu … .
do n’t do it ! )
The level cap has been raised to 50 .
The first 10 levels are mainly a tutorial and go quickly .
Unfortunately the game does get a bit grindy between level 10 and 25 ( after which the real PvP starts ) .
The worst part is level 20 - 25 .. if you can get through this , then things really start to pick up .
It ’s not agonizing to grind in this game , but it is noticeable .
The worst part about leveling up is that it is very ( and I mean VERY ) linear .
There is not many choices for places to go .
Every lev 1 - 10 is in one area , every 10 - 15 in another etc .
The world seems small because of this .
Developing alternative zones for leveling up should be one of the first PVE additions the devs should look into .
Also the first 15 levels is just all solo and gives no reason at all to make a party to do the quests .
As a result , not too many people group early on and do n’t know what to do should they ever find themselves in one .
After then its kinda alternating of all solo and must group levels .
Unfortunatly after level 20 the quest XP becomes such a small fraction of what you need to level , that grinding levels out mobs becomes more efficient .
To attack a target just click your prey and you run up and start auto attacking .
Each class has a special set of abilities / attacks which follows a combo system .
Certain abilities can be triggered following the use of other abilities .
There is a certain time limit to activate the chain before you lose out .
When a chain becomes available an icon flashes in the middle of your screen to alert you .
All in all it ’s simple , straightforward and adds a bit of flash .
However it becomes very repetitive as you grind through the levels .
You basically use one or two moves over and over again .
Mobs are balanced in this game .
With perhaps the exception of the sorcerer / spiritmaster , most players can only efficiently kill a foe 1 to 2 levels above them .
Stigma and Godstone Slots
Aion 's Stigma System allows you to customize your character 's abilties .
They are what truly provide the class customization ( as opposed to specialization paths ) between one player and another .
Stigmas are ( in general ) more powerful than regular abilities .
Stigmas allow you to wield weapons differently ( Gladiator 's Dual Wield for instance ) , buff you , and even add completely new skills to your repertoire .
They are obtained through collecting stigma stones .
These stones are found on vendors , through drops , or quests .
The rarest ones are dropped and often are sold in the auction house / private stores for HUGE amounts of coin .
They say that named monsters are more likely to have one in their possession ( can you say ‘ Camp check ’ ) .
5 stigmas and 3 advanced ( uber ) stigmas can be placed to customize your character 's abilities from others
You gain access to stigma slots by going through a campaign questline at level 20 after which you are given 2 stigma slots .
Each character can equip up to 5 stigma stones when they hit level 50 ( plus 3 more slots for uber rare high grade stigmas ) .
Once you have a stigma stones go to the abyss and farm Stigma shards ( dropped from monsters in the Abyss … more on that below ) , then talk to a Stigma Master in the main city .
Make no doubt , these will be the most prized and expensive items in Aion .
Although it allows more diversity for players in the short term , I worry that eventually everyone may be able to obtain all the stigmas ( as the game matures , more stigmas are farmed out and players make more and more money to buy them ) leading eventually to mass conformity .
Aion needs to continuously add more and more stigmas as the game matures .
Similar to Stigmas , are Godstones .
While Stigmas give abilities to the character , Godstones are used on weapons .
The basic premise of a Godstone is to apply some sort of ability , which triggers at a certain percent , to inflict damage or debuff to your target .
Think of it as a weapon proc that you can apply to any particular weapon you wish .
Godstone procs effects include extra damage , roots , snares , blindness , silence and more .
Just as with Stigmas , Godstones are dropped or can be results from quests or can be purchased from other players in the auction house ( be prepared to pay a lot ) .
User Defines Macros
Something that I think all MMOs should have .
Aion does a good job with these ... almost to a fault .
It allows multiple commands to be triggered in a specific order as well as being able to set up delays ( So your macro can wait for cooldown timers ) .
As you can expect this will be a huge advantage in PvP fights where activating one macro can now shower a series of numerous attacks as long as the prey stays in range .
Also …can you say BOT ?
Players can log in to two clients on the same computer .
Holy crap !!
WTH are they thinking ?!!
Also …can you say BOT ?
Quests :
I do like the quest structure .
Quests are divided into standard quests , campaign quests and work order quests ( crafting ) .
The campaign quests are a series of quests that follows a storyline of your character ( think of them as epic quests ) .
Many of them use voice actors and go into movie mode as you obtain them which really add to the immersion ( kudos to the devs ) .
The campaign quests appear in a series and obtaining them is based on levels ( you can only complete them after you attain a specific level ) but you can do them in any order .
Complete the campaign quests for huge rewards in both items and XP .
Questing is the main form of XP in Aion .
Although you can mob grind , you really need to quest in order to play this game .
Some quests are required ( like the ascension quest and PvP quests ) in order to advance in this game .
You will find the basic quest types in Aion :
Go deliver a message to < X > NPC , kill < X > number of < Y > beasts and return to < Z > , find < X > number of < Y > objects and collect / destroy / cleanse /etc .
Quest givers have arrows floating above their heads to easily identify them and their location is also displayed on the minimap .
There is a max of 30 standard quests that you can have at any one time .
I really like the fact that Aion does not Spoon feed you quests like some MMOs ( AoC , Champions ) .
There is no large colored zones telling you where to go or 15 arrows giving you the direction for every quest in a zone .
The best thing you can do is read the quest text .
The quest text has keywords which you can look up and learn lore from as well as a button to locate the general vicinity of your target .
Sorry guys , you ’re going to have to actually work to quest in Aion … no more playing the minimap .
However most quests are solo friendly , in fact for the first 15 levels you do n’t really have to group at all … and most player ’s do n’t .
Titles
Titles are earned by completing certain quests .
They list 50 title slots but I wager more will be added on as the game matures .
Titles give added bonuses when you apply them to your character ( example , The title “ Spiritspeaker ” gives MP + 40 and Magic resistance + 4 ) .
You can only have one title up ay one time so you must choose .
However you can change titles depending on whichever fits the situation ( one title for raiding , another for PvP another for crafting , etc ) .
I like the bonus aspect of titles , however what happens is basically every tank uses one title , every DPS uses another , every caster a 3rd …. so in the end most everyone has the same title ( based on their class ) .
Crafting
Crafting is very detailed in Aion .
The crafting in Aion is divided into 2 basic parts : Gathering and Construction .
All crafting is performed as a mini race between a succeed and fail bar .
Whichever bar reaches the finish line first is the result of the gather / craft .
You can have critical hits while crafting that zaps your bar all the way to the goal .
You also skill up in your craft by performing the action .
Gathering materials for use in construction is an innate skill that everyone can perform .
This one ability gathers all types or resources .
So no separate gathering skills … i.e. one for mining , another for herbalism , etc .
It is all together in a skill simply called ‘ Collection ’ .
The one exception is a separate skill called ‘ extract aether ’ which extracts magical essence from special floating rocks ( which you must fly to ) .
Extract aether must be skilled up separately from Extract vitality .
Resources are plentiful in the game world .
You will find flowers to pick , fish to catch , metal nodes to mine , wood piles to pick up , etc .
You just click on the nodes to harvest .
Each node can be harvested 2 to 3 times .
Nodes have skill requirements that limit who can harvest .
Unfortunately nodes are all static … booo … expect node farming to happen and numerous gathering pathway maps to be published soon .
The resources you gather are used in construction crafts .
In the end , I expect the best way to make money in Aion ( and you ’ll need to make a lot ) is through gathering then selling your supplies in personal stores in the crafting quarter or on the auction house .
There are 6 construction crafts :
Cooking ( makes foods and drinks that give boosts to stats ) ,
Alchemy ( constructs potions and scrolls that give abilities like healing or speed )
WeaponCrafting ( forges steel weapons )
Armorcrafting ( forges metal armor )
Handicrafting ( produces bows and staves , also jewelry and accessory items like belt , ring , earing , neck , offhand items for caster )
Sewing ( Gives cloth and leather armor )
Crafting in Aion
You can learn any number of the crafts , there is no limit .
To do so , visit the craft masters located in the main faction city .
They will provide you with initial recipes to skill up on .
One great aspect of Aion crafting is that crafting gives XP ( not a lot , but some ) and there are crafting quests and crafting requests that aid you in skilling up your profession .
Completing the crafting requests gives you reagents , recipes , XP and gold .
Higher level crafting quests require you to buy reagents from nearby vendors or venture out and gather them off specific mobs .
It can get expensive very quickly .
Another big bonus is the Craft ALL button !
YES !!
Load up your inventory with huge numbers of reagents , hit the button , then sit back and relax … your carpal tunnel will thank you .
Smart entrepreneurs will camp outside the crafting areas of the towns selling reagents in the personal stores .
Although this is nice and saves you a lot of time compared to running to and fro to the auction house … it gets downright crowded ( think Grand Central Station … at lunchtime ) .
So many personal stores set up in one place can be a visual annoyance and can lag your computer fiercly .
PvP Gameplay
Aion PvP is what occupies the majority of the second half of the game .
In Aion there is PvP and PvPvE .
The main PvP occurs in designated zones called the Abyss .
The abyss has 3 areas ( Abyss top , Abyss core , and Abyss Base ) .
These are like gigantic floating islands that have both PVE and PvP aspects to them .
In order to enter the abyss you must complete the abyss campaign which you receive at level 25 .
I was kind of disappointed at this , I know a lot of players want to see PvP earlier ( even if you ’re fodder ) .
The only way you can do so before level 25 is by traveling through the PvP rifts ( more on that below ) .
The classes in Aion are well balanced for the most part .
Flight brings a great new twist to PvP .
PvP seems to be divided between large scale fortress taking ( ' Large scale ' being a kind synonym for the term ... zerg ) and small group open field PvP .
Of course there are always the soloists ( Rangers and Assassins ) but with stealth being on a timer their movements are not as free as in other MMOs .
Still , I expect the most prevalent classes to be Assassin and Rangers .
Expect a lot of zerging in Aion ... people who see a large force tend to join that force .
Also one fault of Aion devs ... they allowed you to control the height of your character too much .
In this PvP game , being undersized to this degree is a distinct advantage .
The height controls in the character customization section allow you to miniaturize the size of your character to ~ 3 feet and in combination with thinning every body aspect .... you have a small barely noticeable stick figure running about .
Expect the hard core PvP players to be running as ' mini - me ' .
The hit box of the character may be the same , but miniature characters can hide in tall grass .. normal characters cannot .
Worse still , is that players could abuse the Daeva of Life transformation and change the size of their characters for PvP , then back to normal when they PVE .
It all depends on how hard it is to obtain the ' ticket of life ' needed to change your character 's appearace .
Of the 5 characters displayed , can you find the 4 which are miniaturized ?
... you wont be able to in PvP either .
There are a total of 9 fortresses in the abyss which your faction fights for control of .
This is where the PvPvE comes in .
There is a 3rd faction called the Balaur .
This is an NPC faction that controls the fortresses by default and you must conquer them in order to gain control .
However , I still doubt that the NPC will give a substantial fight as this game matures .
Honestly I think Aion would be best served by making the Balaur a playable race and having 3 factions ( Perhaps in a future expansion … yea , I know its DAOCish … but that ’s one thing that made DAOC great ) .
There are 5 fortresses on Abyss top , 3 in Abyss base and one in Abyss core .
The Fortresses are surrounded by various artifacts ( also controlled by the Balaur ) .
Gaining control of the artifacts allows you to use them to aid you in conquering the fortress .
Holding a fortress gives you access to PvE dungeons and vendor bonuses , it also generates a tax for your legion ( guild ) .
So in other words ... you have a reason to fight , and a reason to defend !
Very cool .
Both NPCs and players will fight for control of fortresses and the surrounding artifacts
In addition to the PvP zones you can have PvP outside the abyss by crossing through rifts .
Rifts are portals that randomly open in one realm and allow passage to another .
Players can go through and wreak havoc on leveling players of the opposite faction .
The time the rifts open up is random but they always appear at the same spots .
Unfortunately , Players receive a penalty when killing players of the opposite faction in that faction ’s territory .
A debuff is applied to your character ; the severity depends on the number of players killed .
These penalties are applied more quickly when killing a lower level player than you .
These debuffs prevents entry into the Abyss or through the rifts .
Also players afflicted with these penalties are shown on the map to players of the opposite faction when in their territory ( sorry , no hiding ) .
Players who kill the debuffed invaders will receive a reward .
Which begs the question , if you get punished so much for going through the rifts and fighting the enemy … why have the rifts at all and will players even bother with them .
Fighting in the abyss or through rifts gives you points that are used for PvP ranks and new titles .
Your Legion also gains rewards for the PvP of its members .
The success of the best PvPers are listed for everyone to see .
Small amounts of experience are gained through combat with the opposite faction as well .
Graphics and Sound
The graphics are very nice in Aion .
Perhaps not the uber realism that brings the mightiest PC to a crawl ( AoC I ’m looking at you ) ... but very sharp and enjoyable .
The character animations are crisp and fluid .
The animations and spell effects are impressive .
All the eye candy an MMO player expects from a mainstream MMO .
Sound and Music :
Sound in Aion is great .
The one exception is the voice acting .
GAH !!
What kind of second rate acting studio did NCSoft hire ?
... HOnestly , its so terrible I wonder if NCSoft just went around its own company with a mic and sampled employee ... secretaries ... cafeteria workers ... hispanic day laborers .
The environmental background noise sounds realistic .
The fighting music is great and gets your heart pumping ( drums convey the vast amounts of energy expended during the fight sequences ) .
Definitely a game where I did not turn off the volume .
The Flaws of Aion
Been There , Done That
Take one part Lineage , one part DAOC , 2 parts WoW , Eye of newt and a dash of pepper then ... Poof … you have Aion ( Igor !
It ’s alive … IT ’S ALIVE ! ) .
There is nothing groundbreaking or new in Aion .
Much of what Aion offers is well done but already seen in previous MMOs .
All features are well polished , but if you are looking for a truly novel MMO experience …
Aion is not it .
Ni Hao , Mutha F*cker !
This game is very Asian .
In it ’s graphics , music , style and substance .
Most westerners have been well introduced to and well experienced with Asian styled entertainment already ( Avatar - The Last Airbender Movie … coming 2010 , where everyone in the theater will be dressed up as Zuko ) .
However if you are someone who cannot immerse yourself into an Asian environment or get bugged by Asian karate screams with every attack ability , you may want to pass on Aion .
This game is a gold seller ’s golden shower .
Aion is very susceptible to gold farming .
Let me tell you to expect it now …and expect it hard ( The shouts , the in game mails , the random / tells ) .
Its pretty easy to see , that even though MMO players are somewhat skeptical , the gold sellers have decided that Aion is the next WoW and they have swarmed and infested every server .
This game is prone to gold farming , gold selling and Bots for several reasons … the built in features ( extensive macro system , players can log in two clients on the same computer ) , the huge emphasis on money in this game ( They nickel and dime you to death ) , huge costs for needed items ( 10 million for new wings ) .
NCSoft was being proactive with the use of Game Guard .
However , several client / Game Guard incompatibilities made them drop Game Guard .
NCSoft has issued several statements assuring they will be agrressive in combating secondary industries in their game ... however , I havent seen tangible evidence of this yet and remain very concerned .
They also state that Game Guard may be brought back in the future .
Just Follow the Yellow Brick Road
The Leveling in this game is way too linear .
The game opens up at level 25 with Abyss .
Still , PVE content is almost ‘ one size fits all ’ .
The devs have claimed they are expanding the PVE end game content .
However the end game PVE content remains an unknown .
We shall see .
Goodness sucks !
Like DAOC and WAR , Aion will be very population dependent .
The fairness and enjoyment will matter less on class balance and more on population balance .
From observations in closed beta , open beta and countless polls , it seems pretty obvious that Asmodian will outnumber Elyos when the game is released .
My guess is Asmodian will be up 3:2 in player population .. perhaps even 2:1 .
This will be disastrous on servers where this occurs .
I fought the zerg , and the zerg won
Zerging is prevalent in Aion .
The fortress attacks require a substantial number of players .
As such , large forces tend to move as a group and steamrole anything in their path .
Which is again why population balance is important .
Sorry guys , might makes right .
We represent the lollipop guild
Miniaturization of characters in char creation offers distinct advantages in any PvP game .
The hit box of the character may be the same , but diminutive characters can hide in tall grass , small rocks and crevices ... normal characters cannot .
These shrimps can hide in the middle of their group and be difficult to see and target .
Please rise for our national anthem ... as sung by Rosanne
I can't help but be amazed as to how atrocious the voice acting is .
There is a cavernous disconnect between the voice acting and the images of ... in fact , I almost enjoy listening to them ... it is funny ... just astonishingly funny .
I recommend setting your character up with the ' Vicious ' voice in character creation , and enjoy .
Jimmy two times
Lag was a big problem at the end of closed beta and the beginning of open Beta .
Numerous disconnects made the first days of open beta a bit rocky ( funny about how the game locks up , but there is no lag in chat ... so everyone can complain about being frozen , while frozen ) .
However , never fear ... that 's is why they call it beta .
Now with the game opened I expect a decent size ' bum rush ' .
NCSoft better put lag at the front of their fix first list or else risk going down in flames like AoC and Vanguard .
But I do n’t want to sit at the kiddie table
No Abyss until level 25 .
You can fight in the baby arena or go through rifts if you like ... but do n’t expect any meaningful fights until 25 +.
Now you see me , now you do n’t , now you ’re dead
Stealth + DPS ….. Its been done before …it ’s been overpowered before … it will be nerfed once more .
Sorry assassins / rangers , you guys are balanced all the way up to level 49 .
However , everyone complains about the end game and they will complain about level 50 burst damage from stealth …. they always do .
It 's called the doggie paddle
Not really a flaw , but it ranks high on the annoyance scale .
You can not swim in Aion .
Lakes and rivers have some shallows and some deep areas of which there is no escape .
Fall in a deep lake and there is little you can do .
Tips tricks and hints
-- Questing is better XP than grinding up on mobs .
Especially at the early levels .
Complete multiple quests in the same area .
Use a database and check the XP reward of a quest .
If you play solo and the quest is just too hard and not part of a chain , abandon it and move on .
-- Complete the campaign quests .
Huge rewards in both items and XP .
-- Do n't spend too much time in capital cities doing professions and other things .
You can do that easily when you hit level 49 when you have a lot of gold and the XP from crafting will aid you towards lev 50 .
-- Grow your gathering skills as you level !
This is very important aspec of the game and will generate a lot of money once the game matures .
-- / sit and / sleep are very cool emotes … for about 10 seconds .
Still , enjoy those 10 seconds ….9…..8….
-- Personal stores will spam you in game in the game , especially in the faction cities , quest hubs , auction houses and crafting stations .
So here is a temporary workaround to help with the lag in Sanctum or Pandemonium , or other large fortress / town .
If you need to go to one of the large towns for training , quests or whatever , press shift +
F12 before you teleport , or right after you port in .
This option sucks , but works by hiding all player PC toons on your screen which means less your PC has to draw .
I honestly think there should be an in - game option to automatically hide all private stores .
--
If you fall into a deep lake which you cannot climb out of , go to the sides and jump onto the wall .
These safe spots sometimes stops the damage over time tic of drowning and allows you to recall back to your bind spot .
Using a healing over time potion can overcome the damage of drowning granting you more time to find a way out .
-- Heal over time pots are incredibly powerful and easy to make .
Use them at the beginning of a fight and use them often .
-- Useful commands include / ping to see your latency , Control - R click to link items and quests in chat , / bindstone to find the nearest bindstone .
Also , turn off your profanity filter because it screens too much ( the word ' class ' becomes 'cl * **')
--
When an area gets too crowded ... you can change channels .
Channels are like instances for the PVE zones .
There are 10 instances in the PVE zones for both elyos and Asmodian lands .
However there is only one channel ( instance ) for the PvP Abyss and the main faction cities .
To change channels in Aion open the system menu , then select support .
In the support submenu select ' change channels ' .
This will bring up a dropbox at the top right hand corner of your screen .
Then just select a different channel and see if it is less crowded
Summary
Aion is a very solid and well polished MMO .
Both PVE and PvP aspects of the game are good .
Expect a lot of players to bum rush this game at release … when the smoke clears I expect Aion will maintain a healthy population .
Now there is a lot of hype that Aion will be a WoW killer ( God ... how many times have we heard that one ? ) .
Although I think a lot of WoW players will enjoy this game because of its attention to detail and it is a highly polished game , I wager this game will appeal more to the old DAOC and WAR crowd than to WoW .
We shall see .
Although Aion has solid PVE at low levels , PvP is the core of the end game levels .
If you do n’t like fighting other players , this game is not for you .
How NCSoft deals with population imbalance will make or break this game .
For more in depth guides for specific classes .
Take a look at these
There are All sorts of Free leveling , gold , strategy guides available at our sister site
Aion Leveling and Strategy Guide Portal
Go visit and Bookmark it !
There are All sorts of Free leveling , gold , strategy guides available at our sister siteGo visit and Bookmark it !
Hope you had fun reading .
Have any additional thoughts or info , put them in the boxes below or send me an email at
Aion Leveling guides !
Skill up Quickly !
PvP Tactics !
Aion Strategy and Class Guides Make your
Hero 's life easier by using the
IntroductionOK , fresh off the boat from the land of morning calm comes the newest MMO to hit the market in 2009 .
On September 22nd Aion is released for the masses .
It carries a burden of huge hype from numerous players who are not satisfied with the current options in MMOs .
There is great anticipation of success for Aion .
Not because Aion is a ' WoW Clone ( although there are some similarities ) but because Aion has targeted one aspect that many players have complained was lacking in many recent MMO releases ... polished gameplay .
The MMO industry is becoming crowded , especially in the dominant fantasy genre of game .
As such , players need to make a decision as to whether or not this game is right for them .
It is my hope that this review will help you make this decision .
I will update the review constantly through open beta as I expect many things will change .
Check back often !
I was fortunate to have been brought in to the beta prior to this game 's release .
I saw the dramatic changes as this game went though closed beta .
It remains to be seen how well Aion will do when it officially opens .
The launch of an MMO has come under intense scrutiny over the last 2 years ( And we have seen some stinky MMO releases ... think AoC , think Darkfall … gah ! ) .
It is my hope to give those players who have newly joined or are considering Aion insight as to what to expect , what to do , and perhaps where this game will be several months down the road .
One twist is that this is not the true release for Aion , but rather the North American / European arrival of Aion .
The game has been released in China / Korea for some time .
This article is about what to expect from Aion ... a bit more than what you get from FAQs or boards , it is an in depth look at my experience playing this game .
I do not declare myself some MMO guru or expert … most players have played numerous MMOs and are quite able to distinguish what ’s good from bad .
My viewpoint will be straightforward and as unbiased as possible … addressing why the highs are n’t so high , nor the lows so disastrous .
You will find that I talk and relate aspects of Aion to mainstream MMOs like World of Warcraft .
This is intentional .
It is not because I consider WoW represents the standard for MMOs , but rather a framework on which most players have some experience with and can relate to .
I have little doubt that all MMO developers eyes ( Including Aion's ) are dead set on becoming the next ' WoW ' .
Will Aion be a WoW Killer ?
The true answer is that there is no such thing as a WoW killer ( only time ) .
However , of all the games released in the last 2 years ... Aion has the best chance for huge success ( IMO ) .
So , with that introduction , let ’s begin .
Microsoft Windows XP SP22.8GHz CPU or equivalent1GB RAMNVIDIA 5900 Ultra with 128MB RAM / ATI Radeon x700 with 128MB RAM or higher15GB hard disk spaceDVD - ROM driveDirectX 9.0c ( 6/2008 update ) Sound deviceBroadband Internet connection Microsoft Windows XP SP2 / VistaDual Core CPU 2.0GHz or equivalent2GB RAMNVIDIA 6800 with 256MB RAM / ATI Radeon x800 with 256MB or higher15GB hard disk spaceDVD - ROM driveDirectX 9.0c ( 6/2008 update ) Sound deviceBroadband Internet connection
You can tell as soon as you start this game up … this is is not a Western MMO like many north american MMO players are used to ( WoW , AoC , WAR , LOTRO , and others ) .
This game is Asian .
If you cannot imagine yourself in a world with strong Asian influences and mythos …and immersion is important to you ... then its time to find another MMO to play .
You will find quests like ‘ Go to the MuMu village and kill the Tao ’ , Farm poultry called ‘ QooQoo ’ , karate screams with each attack , and kabuki like character movements .
So be ready for it .
Anyone who has played Lineage , FFX1 or any F2P game will have little problem adjusting .
If I were to sum up the entire feel of the game in two words it would be ….’ Asian Serenity ’ ( which sounds like a new fragrance from Calvin Klein ... but trust me , you ’ll understand when you start playing the game )
At the login screen shimmering waterfalls and Asian harmonies ( upper octave C sharp ) greet you .
Time to enter your username and Pword ( Same ones that you use for WoW , and for WAR … and for EQ and LOTRO and Facebook ) .
After that you are taken to the character generation screen .
Ok , you go through the opening cinematic movie and wonder … what $ ^ % # was that ?!?!
( do n’t dwell on it ) and head to the character creation screen .
First thing you must do is choose a side .
There are 2 factions in Aion : The Elyos and Asmodian .
The Elyos are the Goodie Goodie stereotypical forces of goodie goodieness .
Light , nimble , cultured and refined .
The Asmodian are the gloomy , brooding , fierce goodie - less species in dire need of pedicures .
Honestly , there is little to no difference between the sides ( feet and skin aside ) .
No special racial powers , differing classes or innate advantages that set one apart from the other ( Faction titles are a bit different ... more on that below ) .
So chose the side that you affiliate with best .
However when you choose a side , you cannot play the other side on that server ( unless you delete all your characters ) .
I applaud this arrangement , it makes you commit to your realm and lends to the development of realm pride ( something many players still look for since the days of DAOC ….die Hibbies ! ) .
Once you choose a side you are taken to a screen that displayed all the different base classes all decked out with advanced armor and weapons .
There are 4 base classes in Aion : warrior , mage , priest and scout .
Each basic class becomes a specialized class at level 10 ( after a campaign quest series ) .
Warriors can become a gladiator ( melee dps ) or Templar ( Tank ) Scouts can become assassins ( melee dps ) or ranger ( ranged dps ) .
Both have limited stealth .
Mages can be a sorcerer ( Dps caster ) or spiritmaster ( Pet class ) Priests can turn into an enchanter ( Healer and buffer ) or a cleric ( super healer ) There is no difference between classes in either faction .
The standard abilities of an Asmodian assassin are the same as those of an Elyos assassin .
You can click on each and they will do a little dance and yell an Asian “ HI - YAA !! or YI - ARRRGH !! or even … WIKI WIKI WIKI !! ” .
They will also display the innate properties of each class ( Warriors have greater strength and constitution while mages have increased intelligence , etc ) .
Honestly I get the ‘ been there done that ’ sensation as I click through the various classes ( Ki-yaaa ) .
These are basically the standard classes and mechanics that we have seen in most every MMO before .
The holy trinity reigns ( Tank / Healer / DPS ) .
The character Customization offers a substantial number of options in order to visualy change your characters face and body ( Not as much as CoX or Champions , but still a lot ) .
However , as with most MMOs , facial changes are difficult to distinguish in game , especially when it is covered with helmets , etc .
In the end , only your toon's height is really noticible ( ranging between 1 to 6 feet ... more on this below ) .
One nice feature Aion offers is the aility to totally redo your character while in game ( change your character 's facial features , body features or even gender ) .
This can be accomplished at the Daeva of life Transformation NPC located in each factions main cities .
Ok , if you ( still ) have n’t figured this out , Aion has a very Asian feel to it .
However , the controls UI and response of this game is similar to what you 've played thus far .
Its very akin to most MMOs these days and this is by design .
The standard UI has a minimap , Hotbars , Your character image displaying health , mana , etc ...as well anyone you are grouped with .
Sound familiar ?
You have the standard minimap in the corner .
This minimap also has built in radar function for things in front of you .
Player 's , NPC's and Mob 's locations will be displayed .
However as they move out of the frontal arc ( About a 45 degree frontal cone ) they will no longer be displayed .
Various colors mean different things .
dot are other players .
Dot is a non agressive mob .
Dot is an aggressive MobDot is an NPCThe keys can be rebound based on your preferences in the system options .
All in all it 's simple and efficient .
Anyone with MMO experience will have a decent feel as soon as they start .
Ok so you enter the game and you are ready to kick some Asian butt ( about 3 sizes smaller than the typical American butt ... Thanks a lot McDonalds ) .
Generally I do n’t spend time in reviews talking about character movement ... not this time .
You can move your characters in 4 ways : 1 ) WASD ( considered the MMO standard ) , 2 ) Arrow Keys ( Generally laughed at MMO players who consider themselves uber ) , 3 ) Both L and R mouse buttons propel you forward and 4 ) The worst by far ... click to move .
GAH !
This click to move will get you killed ... mark my words !
You will attempt to R click a mob ... accidently L click and start walking into certain death ( Off a Cliff , Agro Mob camp , Deep water , etc ) . :
Thankfully click to walk is now disabled ( but can be enabled in the options menu … .
do n’t do it ! )
The level cap has been raised to 50 .
The first 10 levels are mainly a tutorial and go quickly .
Unfortunately the game does get a bit grindy between level 10 and 25 ( after which the real PvP starts ) .
The worst part is level 20 - 25 .. if you can get through this , then things really start to pick up .
It ’s not agonizing to grind in this game , but it is noticeable .
The worst part about leveling up is that it is very ( and I mean VERY ) linear .
There is not many choices for places to go .
Every lev 1 - 10 is in one area , every 10 - 15 in another etc .
The world seems small because of this .
Developing alternative zones for leveling up should be one of the first PVE additions the devs should look into .
Also the first 15 levels is just all solo and gives no reason at all to make a party to do the quests .
As a result , not too many people group early on and do n’t know what to do should they ever find themselves in one .
After then its kinda alternating of all solo and must group levels .
Unfortunatly after level 20 the quest XP becomes such a small fraction of what you need to level , that grinding levels out mobs becomes more efficient .
To attack a target just click your prey and you run up and start auto attacking .
Each class has a special set of abilities / attacks which follows a combo system .
Certain abilities can be triggered following the use of other abilities .
There is a certain time limit to activate the chain before you lose out .
When a chain becomes available an icon flashes in the middle of your screen to alert you .
All in all it ’s simple , straightforward and adds a bit of flash .
However it becomes very repetitive as you grind through the levels .
You basically use one or two moves over and over again .
Mobs are balanced in this game .
With perhaps the exception of the sorcerer / spiritmaster , most players can only efficiently kill a foe 1 to 2 levels above them .
Aion 's Stigma System allows you to customize your character 's abilties .
They are what truly provide the class customization ( as opposed to specialization paths ) between one player and another .
Stigmas are ( in general ) more powerful than regular abilities .
Stigmas allow you to wield weapons differently ( Gladiator 's Dual Wield for instance ) , buff you , and even add completely new skills to your repertoire .
They are obtained through collecting stigma stones .
These stones are found on vendors , through drops , or quests .
The rarest ones are dropped and often are sold in the auction house / private stores for HUGE amounts of coin .
They say that named monsters are more likely to have one in their possession ( can you say ‘ Camp check ’ ) .
You gain access to stigma slots by going through a campaign questline at level 20 after which you are given 2 stigma slots .
Each character can equip up to 5 stigma stones when they hit level 50 ( plus 3 more slots for uber rare high grade stigmas ) .
Once you have a stigma stones go to the abyss and farm Stigma shards ( dropped from monsters in the Abyss … more on that below ) , then talk to a Stigma Master in the main city .
Make no doubt , these will be the most prized and expensive items in Aion .
Although it allows more diversity for players in the short term , I worry that eventually everyone may be able to obtain all the stigmas ( as the game matures , more stigmas are farmed out and players make more and more money to buy them ) leading eventually to mass conformity .
Aion needs to continuously add more and more stigmas as the game matures .
Similar to Stigmas , are Godstones .
While Stigmas give abilities to the character , Godstones are used on weapons .
The basic premise of a Godstone is to apply some sort of ability , which triggers at a certain percent , to inflict damage or debuff to your target .
Think of it as a weapon proc that you can apply to any particular weapon you wish .
Godstone procs effects include extra damage , roots , snares , blindness , silence and more .
Just as with Stigmas , Godstones are dropped or can be results from quests or can be purchased from other players in the auction house ( be prepared to pay a lot ) .
Something that I think all MMOs should have .
Aion does a good job with these ... almost to a fault .
It allows multiple commands to be triggered in a specific order as well as being able to set up delays ( So your macro can wait for cooldown timers ) .
As you can expect this will be a huge advantage in PvP fights where activating one macro can now shower a series of numerous attacks as long as the prey stays in range .
Also …can you say BOT ?
Players can log in to two clients on the same computer .
Holy crap !!
WTH are they thinking ?!!
Also …can you say BOT ?
I do like the quest structure .
Quests are divided into standard quests , campaign quests and work order quests ( crafting ) .
The campaign quests are a series of quests that follows a storyline of your character ( think of them as epic quests ) .
Many of them use voice actors and go into movie mode as you obtain them which really add to the immersion ( kudos to the devs ) .
The campaign quests appear in a series and obtaining them is based on levels ( you can only complete them after you attain a specific level ) but you can do them in any order .
Complete the campaign quests for huge rewards in both items and XP .
Questing is the main form of XP in Aion .
Although you can mob grind , you really need to quest in order to play this game .
Some quests are required ( like the ascension quest and PvP quests ) in order to advance in this game .
You will find the basic quest types in Aion :
Go deliver a message to NPC , kill number of beasts and return to , find number of objects and collect / destroy / cleanse /etc .
Quest givers have arrows floating above their heads to easily identify them and their location is also displayed on the minimap .
There is a max of 30 standard quests that you can have at any one time .
I really like the fact that Aion does not Spoon feed you quests like some MMOs ( AoC , Champions ) .
There is no large colored zones telling you where to go or 15 arrows giving you the direction for every quest in a zone .
The best thing you can do is read the quest text .
The quest text has keywords which you can look up and learn lore from as well as a button to locate the general vicinity of your target .
Sorry guys , you ’re going to have to actually work to quest in Aion … no more playing the minimap .
However most quests are solo friendly , in fact for the first 15 levels you do n’t really have to group at all … and most player ’s do n’t .
Titles are earned by completing certain quests .
They list 50 title slots but I wager more will be added on as the game matures .
Titles give added bonuses when you apply them to your character ( example , The title “ Spiritspeaker ” gives MP + 40 and Magic resistance + 4 ) .
You can only have one title up ay one time so you must choose .
However you can change titles depending on whichever fits the situation ( one title for raiding , another for PvP another for crafting , etc ) .
I like the bonus aspect of titles , however what happens is basically every tank uses one title , every DPS uses another , every caster a 3rd …. so in the end most everyone has the same title ( based on their class ) .
Crafting is very detailed in Aion .
The crafting in Aion is divided into 2 basic parts : Gathering and Construction .
All crafting is performed as a mini race between a succeed and fail bar .
Whichever bar reaches the finish line first is the result of the gather / craft .
You can have critical hits while crafting that zaps your bar all the way to the goal .
You also skill up in your craft by performing the action .
Gathering materials for use in construction is an innate skill that everyone can perform .
This one ability gathers all types or resources .
So no separate gathering skills … i.e. one for mining , another for herbalism , etc .
It is all together in a skill simply called ‘ Collection ’ .
The one exception is a separate skill called ‘ extract aether ’ which extracts magical essence from special floating rocks ( which you must fly to ) .
Extract aether must be skilled up separately from Extract vitality .
Resources are plentiful in the game world .
You will find flowers to pick , fish to catch , metal nodes to mine , wood piles to pick up , etc .
You just click on the nodes to harvest .
Each node can be harvested 2 to 3 times .
Nodes have skill requirements that limit who can harvest .
Unfortunately nodes are all static … booo … expect node farming to happen and numerous gathering pathway maps to be published soon .
The resources you gather are used in construction crafts .
In the end , I expect the best way to make money in Aion ( and you ’ll need to make a lot ) is through gathering then selling your supplies in personal stores in the crafting quarter or on the auction house .
There are 6 construction crafts :( makes foods and drinks that give boosts to stats ) , ( constructs potions and scrolls that give abilities like healing or speed ) ( forges steel weapons ) ( forges metal armor ) ( produces bows and staves , also jewelry and accessory items like belt , ring , earing , neck , offhand items for caster ) ( Gives cloth and leather armor ) You can learn any number of the crafts , there is no limit .
To do so , visit the craft masters located in the main faction city .
They will provide you with initial recipes to skill up on .
One great aspect of Aion crafting is that crafting gives XP ( not a lot , but some ) and there are crafting quests and crafting requests that aid you in skilling up your profession .
Completing the crafting requests gives you reagents , recipes , XP and gold .
Higher level crafting quests require you to buy reagents from nearby vendors or venture out and gather them off specific mobs .
It can get expensive very quickly .
Another big bonus is the Craft ALL button !
YES !!
Load up your inventory with huge numbers of reagents , hit the button , then sit back and relax … your carpal tunnel will thank you .
Smart entrepreneurs will camp outside the crafting areas of the towns selling reagents in the personal stores .
Although this is nice and saves you a lot of time compared to running to and fro to the auction house … it gets downright crowded ( think Grand Central Station … at lunchtime ) .
So many personal stores set up in one place can be a visual annoyance and can lag your computer fiercly .
Aion PvP is what occupies the majority of the second half of the game .
In Aion there is PvP and PvPvE .
The main PvP occurs in designated zones called the Abyss .
The abyss has 3 areas ( Abyss top , Abyss core , and Abyss Base ) .
These are like gigantic floating islands that have both PVE and PvP aspects to them .
In order to enter the abyss you must complete the abyss campaign which you receive at level 25 .
I was kind of disappointed at this , I know a lot of players want to see PvP earlier ( even if you ’re fodder ) .
The only way you can do so before level 25 is by traveling through the PvP rifts ( more on that below ) .
The classes in Aion are well balanced for the most part .
Flight brings a great new twist to PvP .
PvP seems to be divided between large scale fortress taking ( ' Large scale ' being a kind synonym for the term ... zerg ) and small group open field PvP .
Of course there are always the soloists ( Rangers and Assassins ) but with stealth being on a timer their movements are not as free as in other MMOs .
Still , I expect the most prevalent classes to be Assassin and Rangers .
Expect a lot of zerging in Aion ... people who see a large force tend to join that force .
Also one fault of Aion devs ... they allowed you to control the height of your character too much .
In this PvP game , being undersized to this degree is a distinct advantage .
The height controls in the character customization section allow you to miniaturize the size of your character to ~ 3 feet and in combination with thinning every body aspect .... you have a small barely noticeable stick figure running about .
Expect the hard core PvP players to be running as ' mini - me ' .
The hit box of the character may be the same , but miniature characters can hide in tall grass .. normal characters cannot .
Worse still , is that players could abuse the Daeva of Life transformation and change the size of their characters for PvP , then back to normal when they PVE .
It all depends on how hard it is to obtain the ' ticket of life ' needed to change your character 's appearace .
There are a total of 9 fortresses in the abyss which your faction fights for control of .
This is where the PvPvE comes in .
There is a 3rd faction called the Balaur .
This is an NPC faction that controls the fortresses by default and you must conquer them in order to gain control .
However , I still doubt that the NPC will give a substantial fight as this game matures .
Honestly I think Aion would be best served by making the Balaur a playable race and having 3 factions ( Perhaps in a future expansion … yea , I know its DAOCish … but that ’s one thing that made DAOC great ) .
There are 5 fortresses on Abyss top , 3 in Abyss base and one in Abyss core .
The Fortresses are surrounded by various artifacts ( also controlled by the Balaur ) .
Gaining control of the artifacts allows you to use them to aid you in conquering the fortress .
Holding a fortress gives you access to PvE dungeons and vendor bonuses , it also generates a tax for your legion ( guild ) .
So in other words ... you have a reason to fight , and a reason to defend !
Very cool .
In addition to the PvP zones you can have PvP outside the abyss by crossing through rifts .
Rifts are portals that randomly open in one realm and allow passage to another .
Players can go through and wreak havoc on leveling players of the opposite faction .
The time the rifts open up is random but they always appear at the same spots .
Unfortunately , Players receive a penalty when killing players of the opposite faction in that faction ’s territory .
A debuff is applied to your character ; the severity depends on the number of players killed .
These penalties are applied more quickly when killing a lower level player than you .
These debuffs prevents entry into the Abyss or through the rifts .
Also players afflicted with these penalties are shown on the map to players of the opposite faction when in their territory ( sorry , no hiding ) .
Players who kill the debuffed invaders will receive a reward .
Which begs the question , if you get punished so much for going through the rifts and fighting the enemy … why have the rifts at all and will players even bother with them .
Fighting in the abyss or through rifts gives you points that are used for PvP ranks and new titles .
Your Legion also gains rewards for the PvP of its members .
The success of the best PvPers are listed for everyone to see .
Small amounts of experience are gained through combat with the opposite faction as well .
The graphics are very nice in Aion .
Perhaps not the uber realism that brings the mightiest PC to a crawl ( AoC I ’m looking at you ) ... but very sharp and enjoyable .
The character animations are crisp and fluid .
The animations and spell effects are impressive .
All the eye candy an MMO player expects from a mainstream MMO .
Sound in Aion is great .
The one exception is the voice acting .
GAH !!
What kind of second rate acting studio did NCSoft hire ?
... HOnestly , its so terrible I wonder if NCSoft just went around its own company with a mic and sampled employee ... secretaries ... cafeteria workers ... hispanic day laborers .
The environmental background noise sounds realistic .
The fighting music is great and gets your heart pumping ( drums convey the vast amounts of energy expended during the fight sequences ) .
Definitely a game where I did not turn off the volume .
Take one part Lineage , one part DAOC , 2 parts WoW , Eye of newt and a dash of pepper then ... Poof … you have Aion ( Igor !
It ’s alive … IT ’S ALIVE ! ) .
There is nothing groundbreaking or new in Aion .
Much of what Aion offers is well done but already seen in previous MMOs .
All features are well polished , but if you are looking for a truly novel MMO experience …
Aion is not it .
This game is very Asian .
In it ’s graphics , music , style and substance .
Most westerners have been well introduced to and well experienced with Asian styled entertainment already ( Avatar - The Last Airbender Movie … coming 2010 , where everyone in the theater will be dressed up as Zuko ) .
However if you are someone who cannot immerse yourself into an Asian environment or get bugged by Asian karate screams with every attack ability , you may want to pass on Aion .
Aion is very susceptible to gold farming .
Let me tell you to expect it now …and expect it hard ( The shouts , the in game mails , the random / tells ) .
Its pretty easy to see , that even though MMO players are somewhat skeptical , the gold sellers have decided that Aion is the next WoW and they have swarmed and infested every server .
This game is prone to gold farming , gold selling and Bots for several reasons … the built in features ( extensive macro system , players can log in two clients on the same computer ) , the huge emphasis on money in this game ( They nickel and dime you to death ) , huge costs for needed items ( 10 million for new wings ) .
NCSoft was being proactive with the use of Game Guard .
However , several client / Game Guard incompatibilities made them drop Game Guard .
NCSoft has issued several statements assuring they will be agrressive in combating secondary industries in their game ... however , I havent seen tangible evidence of this yet and remain very concerned .
They also state that Game Guard may be brought back in the future .
The Leveling in this game is way too linear .
The game opens up at level 25 with Abyss .
Still , PVE content is almost ‘ one size fits all ’ .
The devs have claimed they are expanding the PVE end game content .
However the end game PVE content remains an unknown .
We shall see .
Like DAOC and WAR , Aion will be very population dependent .
The fairness and enjoyment will matter less on class balance and more on population balance .
From observations in closed beta , open beta and countless polls , it seems pretty obvious that Asmodian will outnumber Elyos when the game is released .
My guess is Asmodian will be up 3:2 in player population .. perhaps even 2:1 .
This will be disastrous on servers where this occurs .
Zerging is prevalent in Aion .
The fortress attacks require a substantial number of players .
As such , large forces tend to move as a group and steamrole anything in their path .
Which is again why population balance is important .
Sorry guys , might makes right .
Miniaturization of characters in char creation offers distinct advantages in any PvP game .
The hit box of the character may be the same , but diminutive characters can hide in tall grass , small rocks and crevices ... normal characters cannot .
These shrimps can hide in the middle of their group and be difficult to see and target .
I can't help but be amazed as to how atrocious the voice acting is .
There is a cavernous disconnect between the voice acting and the images of ... in fact , I almost enjoy listening to them ... it is funny ... just astonishingly funny .
I recommend setting your character up with the ' Vicious ' voice in character creation , and enjoy .
Lag was a big problem at the end of closed beta and the beginning of open Beta .
Numerous disconnects made the first days of open beta a bit rocky ( funny about how the game locks up , but there is no lag in chat ... so everyone can complain about being frozen , while frozen ) .
However , never fear ... that 's is why they call it beta .
Now with the game opened I expect a decent size ' bum rush ' .
NCSoft better put lag at the front of their fix first list or else risk going down in flames like AoC and Vanguard .
No Abyss until level 25 .
You can fight in the baby arena or go through rifts if you like ... but do n’t expect any meaningful fights until 25 +.
Stealth + DPS ….. Its been done before …it ’s been overpowered before … it will be nerfed once more .
Sorry assassins / rangers , you guys are balanced all the way up to level 49 .
However , everyone complains about the end game and they will complain about level 50 burst damage from stealth …. they always do .
Not really a flaw , but it ranks high on the annoyance scale .
You can not swim in Aion .
Lakes and rivers have some shallows and some deep areas of which there is no escape .
Fall in a deep lake and there is little you can do .
Questing is better XP than grinding up on mobs .
Especially at the early levels .
Complete multiple quests in the same area .
Use a database and check the XP reward of a quest .
If you play solo and the quest is just too hard and not part of a chain , abandon it and move on .
Complete the campaign quests .
Huge rewards in both items and XP .
Do n't spend too much time in capital cities doing professions and other things .
You can do that easily when you hit level 49 when you have a lot of gold and the XP from crafting will aid you towards lev 50 .
Grow your gathering skills as you level !
This is very important aspec of the game and will generate a lot of money once the game matures ./ sit and / sleep are very cool emotes … for about 10 seconds .
Still , enjoy those 10 seconds ….9…..8…. Personal stores will spam you in game in the game , especially in the faction cities , quest hubs , auction houses and crafting stations .
So here is a temporary workaround to help with the lag in Sanctum or Pandemonium , or other large fortress / town .
If you need to go to one of the large towns for training , quests or whatever , press shift +
F12 before you teleport , or right after you port in .
This option sucks , but works by hiding all player PC toons on your screen which means less your PC has to draw .
I honestly think there should be an in - game option to automatically hide all private stores .
If you fall into a deep lake which you cannot climb out of , go to the sides and jump onto the wall .
These safe spots sometimes stops the damage over time tic of drowning and allows you to recall back to your bind spot .
Using a healing over time potion can overcome the damage of drowning granting you more time to find a way out .
Heal over time pots are incredibly powerful and easy to make .
Use them at the beginning of a fight and use them often .
Useful commands include / ping to see your latency , Control - R click to link items and quests in chat , / bindstone to find the nearest bindstone .
Also , turn off your profanity filter because it screens too much ( the word ' class ' becomes 'cl ***')
When an area gets too crowded ... you can change channels .
Channels are like instances for the PVE zones .
There are 10 instances in the PVE zones for both elyos and Asmodian lands .
However there is only one channel ( instance ) for the PvP Abyss and the main faction cities .
To change channels in Aion , then .
In the support submenu .
This will bring up a dropbox at the top right hand corner of your screen .
Then justand see if it is less crowdedAion is a very solid and well polished MMO .
Both PVE and PvP aspects of the game are good .
Expect a lot of players to bum rush this game at release … when the smoke clears I expect Aion will maintain a healthy population .
Now there is a lot of hype that Aion will be a WoW killer ( God ... how many times have we heard that one ? ) .
Although I think a lot of WoW players will enjoy this game because of its attention to detail and it is a highly polished game , I wager this game will appeal more to the old DAOC and WAR crowd than to WoW .
We shall see .
Although Aion has solid PVE at low levels , PvP is the core of the end game levels .
If you do n’t like fighting other players , this game is not for you .
How NCSoft deals with population imbalance will make or break this game .
For more in depth guides for specific classes .
Take a look at these Professional Aion Strategy Guides Hope you had fun reading .
Have any additional thoughts or info , put them in the boxes below or send me an email at Admin@TheBurialGrounds .
Com Other MMO
Reviews
I wrote
Age of Conan Vs Warhammmer Online
Warhammer Online Review
Age of Conan Review
World of Warcraft Review
Dark Age of Camelot Review
Darkfall Online Review
Champions Online Review
Aion Review
I agree with much of this article and would add My experiences have been different in this way Name ( Optional ) Name ( Optional )
The secret word is ELF
Enter secret Word Below
The secret word is ELF
Enter secret Word Below
SAN FRANCISCO – Moore 's Law coming to an end ?
Not if you ask Intel , which announced Tuesday that it plans to offer chips based on a 22 nanometer process technology in the second half of 2011 .
The 22nm chip packs in more than 2.9 billion transistors into an area the size of a fingernail .
That 's double the density of the 32nm chips that are currently the cutting edge ; most of Intel 's CPUs today are still based on a 45 nm process .
Generally , the smaller the circuits in a computer chip , the more complex features the chipmaker can integrate into that chip .
Small circuits also have the potential to increase the computing speed , but the tradeoff is increased power consumption , heat production , and – with very small circuits – increasingly large challenges in keeping the circuits electrically isolated from one another .
At the company 's developer conference here Tuesday , Intel President and CEO Paul Otellini ( above ) showed a silicon wafer containing the first working chips built on the technology .
The 22nm test circuits include both SRAM memory as well as logic circuits that will be used in future Intel microprocessors .
" We are moving ahead with development of our 22nm manufacturing technology and have built working chips that will pave the way for production of still more powerful and more capable processors , " said Otellini .
Moore ’s Law , first introduced by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore in 1965 , postulates that the number of transistors on a cost - effective integrated circuit will double every two years .
One way to describe how well transistors are packed is the smallest geometric feature that can be produced on a chip , usually designated in nanometers ( billionths of a meter ) .
In late 2007 , Intel started mass production of chips based on the 45nm technology .
The company has said it plans to introduce 32nm processors early next year .
By comparison , the Intel 4004 microprocessor introduced in 1971 was based on 10,000nm process .
A human hair is approximately 100,000 nanometers .
The 22nm wafer is made up of individual die containing 364 million bits of SRAM memory .
SRAMs are used as test vehicles to demonstrate technology performance , yield and chip reliability .
Once the technology works on SRAMs , Intel will move to utilize it in CPU production .
At 0.092 square microns , the 22nm process based chips contain the smallest SRAM cell used in working circuits ever reported , said Intel .
See Also :
Photo : CEO Paul Otellini holds a silicon wafer containing the world 's first working chips built on 22nm manufacturing technology ( top ) .
Lower photo : Closeup of a 22nm SRAM die .
Both photos courtesy Intel .
Music videos changed the music industry completely .
Artists were finally given a “ visual voice ” and fans were able to put faces with names .
Musicians are often a little quirky however , resulting in many truly bizarre videos . .
In honor of these “ out of this world ” artists , we ’ve put together a list of the 15 Weirdest Music Videos .
Enjoy !
15 . Zlad “ Elektronik Supersonik ”
This catchy electro - pop song first came out back in 2004 .
Comedian Santo Cilauro , the Australian Sascha Baron Cohen , created Vlad as a joke , but ended up with our 15th weirdest music video ever made !
14 . Soundgarden “ Black Hole Sun ”
Formed in the mid-80’s , Soundgarden was one of the main originators of Grunge , getting their start in Seattle .
The band had a string of successful hits , but by far the weirdest music video they ever made was Black Hole Sun .
The video may have been a little odd , but that did n’t stop it from winning an MTV Video Award as well as a Clio award .
13 . Tommy Sparks
“ She ’s Got me Dancing ”
Tommy Sparks “ She ’s Got Me Dancing ” from Eric Wareheim on Vimeo .
Realeased in May of 2009 , Tommy Sparks ‘ She ’s Got me Dancing ’ breaks onto our list at number 13 .
The video , which features laser shooting , spandex clad , work out inspired dancers , looks more like a creation of the 80’s than of 2009 .
But none the less , it is one of the strangest things I ’ve ever seen .
12 . Marilyn Manson “ Beautiful People ”
Marilyn Manson is well known for his wild antics and out of this world music .
But when the video for his hit single , Beautiful People was released in 1996 , people were shocked .
The video , which has been described as “ the creepiest of the creepy ” videos , still managed to win MTV Video Awards for Best Rock Video and Best Special Effects .
11 . Sarah Brightman and Hot Gossip “ I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper ”
There is n’t much to stay about this song , except it ’s called “ I Lost My Heart To A Starship Trooper ” .
If people did n’t think this would be a strange video , then I fear for humanity !
The video , starring The Phantom of the Opera star Sarah Brightman , tells the story of a young women , who , you guessed it , falls in love with a starship trooper .
For that reason alone , it comes in on our list at Number 11 .
10 . Ilkka Lipsanen and Armi Aavikko “ I Wanna Love You Tender ”
Finnish singers Ilkka Lipsanen and Armi Aavikko paired up back in 1974 to create a “ Grease ” inspired music video to their hit song , “ I Wanna Love You Tender ” .
The video seems alright , but once you add in the horrible back up dancers , the space setting and the flying car , it gets a little strange .
9. Leonard Nimoy “ The Ballad of Bilbo Baggins ”
As if Leonard Nimoy needed to prove himself even more odd , the ‘ Star Trek ’ legend released this gem .
“ The Ballad of Bilbo Baggins ” , which comes in at number 9 on our list , tells the story of the little Hobbit featured in J.R.R Tolkien ’s “ The Hobbit ” .
Beyond weird .
8. Tool “ Parabola ”
If you are in the market for nightmare ’s , you might want to watch this video before bed .
Tool ’s “ Paraboloa ” is the longest video on our list , and definetly one of the creepiest .
The video was n’t very well recieved by audiences , but did earn some respect from critics .
7. Daler Mhendi “ Tunak Tunak Tun ”
Daler Mhendi , in the form of asteroids that hit the Earth and then become dancing men .
What about this music video is n’t strange ?
Daler Mhendi made this video to prove to critics that his videos could be successful even without feature beautiful women !
Well , the video has certainly been successful , but more because of the freak factor .
6. Barnes and Barnes “ Fish Heads ”
With a name like “ Fish Heads ” , you are bound to have a weird video .
The video , which feature ’s “ Big Love ” ‘s Bill Paxton , is their most famous video , and directly responsible for their induction into the Comedy Music Hall of Fame .
They call it comedy , I just call it plain strange .
5. MGMT “ Kids ”
After seeing this video , it almost makes me not want to be an MGMT fan .
I ’m not really sure how they filmed a video of a child screaming at scary monsters , without actually scarring the kid for life , but their website reassures fans that no children were harmed in the making of the video .
If you ever need to give your kids nightmares , my suggestion would be to show them this shortly before bed .
4. David Hasselhoff
“ Hooked on a Feeling ”
I ’m hooked on this video .
David Hasselhoff showed off his AMAZING skills in this one of a kind music video .
Basically , the entire thing takes place in front of a green screen .
And he is a judge on America ’s Got Talent ?
Hopefully he does n’t advise them to make music videos this weird .
3 . The Avalanches “ Frontier Psychiatrist
An electronic Pop band from Australia , The Avalanches first got their start back in 1997 .
Frontier Psychiatry is definitely an acquired taste , but it did receive second place at the SoHo Short Film Festival .
2. Bonnie Tyler “ Total Eclipse of the Heart
Flying school boys , S&M dancers , and ninjas .
If that is n’t the description of one insane video , I do n’t know what is .
The video tells the story of a school teacher who is apparently “ dreaming ” about her students .
It ’s pretty nuts .
The high light of the video has to be the boys choir with blue glowing eyes .
1. Aphex Twin “ Come to Daddy
Our number one choice was difficult , but it had to go to Aphex Twin ’s , “ Come to Daddy ” .
This video is pure nightmare fuel .
Known for their incredibly creepy music videos , the band first got their start back in the mid 1980 ’s .
Aphex Twin actually could have made the list multiple times , but instead we just picked what we feel is their strangest video and gave them the top spot .
We definitely feel it ’s much deserved .
It seems like just about everyone these days has a blog on the internet .
Blogging has certainly become very popular and everyone from individuals to multimillion dollar corporations appear to have jumped on the blogging bandwagon .
If you do n’t know what blogging is , you just may be living in the dark ages .
Quite simply , it is a way to communicate information to others on the internet .
In the “ old days ” we wrote journals , now we write blogs .
Blogs can be personal stories or articles on any topic imaginable .
People use them to keep friends and family updated on their happenings and businesses use them to promote their products and services .
In fact , anyone who has a little desire and determination can make money from blogging .
Profitable Blogging , how to get started :
If you are looking to real in a profit by blogging on the internet , you will need to follow some key steps to get your blog up and running .
Look at these steps as the laying of a foundation .
Your money making potential will , in part , be determined from these critical first steps .
First , you will need to decide what niche your blog is going to be about .
It is important to pick a topic that you are passionate about and one that others will be interested in as well .
Having a niche that you are familiar with and zealous about will make your job more exciting and easy .
It is difficult to be passionate about something you do n’t believe in .
Next , you will need to decide what platform to use for your blog .
While there are many free services available for you to use , most people prefer to set up their own and pay a minimal fee for hosting .
This will allow you to have complete control over your blog .
You will now need to choose a domain name and register it .
It will be critical for you to choose a domain name that will relate to your niche and be easy for people to remember .
Next , you will design your blog site .
When doing this make sure you use a simple yet catchy design that will draw people in .
Now you will need to begin to post your blog entries .
Make sure that you spend a good deal of time on this step .
It is essential that what you are writing is valuable to others , while at the same time catches their attention .
Providing an entertainment factor to your blog can be very beneficial .
Make Money Blogging , How to Market Your Blog :
Once you have your blog up and running , it is time to get down to the business of filling up your pockets with some cold hard cash .
This part will be critical , and your hard work and determination will set the pace .
Keep in mind that making money takes time and you should not expect to be making a fortune overnight .
Remember , slow and steady wins the race .
To make money on your blog you will need to do one of three things .
If you have your own product to sell , then your focus will be to promote your product / service and quite simply sell it .
Your second option is to contract with companies that sell products / services in your niche and sell these for a certain percentage of the sales .
The final way to make money is the most popular in the blog community .
You would be an affiliate marketer and refer people to products / services related to your niche and in doing so you would receive a referral fee .
Once you have decided how you are going to make your money , you will now need to focus on traffic .
Without traffic to your blog , you will not make a cent .
There are a variety of ways to drive traffic to your site , let ’s take a look .
They include :
Google ad words Article Marketing Registering with Blog Directories Registering with Blog Carnivals Banner Ads Email Marketing Using Social Networks
Word of mouth , tell everyone you know about your blog Print Medium ; include your blog on your business cards and any other print mediums you work with .
In conclusion , making money from blogging can be very profitable for most people .
By following the above steps and mixing in hard work and determination you could have the recipe to becoming profitable .
If you ’re going to do this properly and seek guidance here are the points I advise you to look for especially for producing income from your blog – training on aquiring or producing good content ( this is key ) , where to get traffic ( multiple sources ) , step by step ( preferably visual ) instructions , choosing relevant products , establishing a relationship with your audience ( people blow this all the time ) .
I ’m very comfortable with this source of knowledge called 31 days to better blogging .
I have also met the author and he is perhaps in the best position to teach you because he ’s likely the most well known professional blogger on the internet .
Read the overview and then download thirty one days to better blogging .
I am still very busy at the moment and do not expect to be able to get down to any serious polymathematics for a few weeks , at least .
And in any case , there are two Polymath projects going on at the moment , so I am not in a huge hurry to start another .
( The projects are Gil Kalai ’s on the polynomial Hirsch conjecture and Terence Tao ’s on finding primes deterministically . )
Having said that , a common complaint about the first Polymath project was that it got started so rapidly that it was very easy to get left behind .
So for my next project I would like to do two things .
First , I want to get a sense of which , out of many potential projects I have in mind , would appeal to enough other people for there to be a good chance of finding a core of people ready to put in an effort similar to the effort that some people put into DHJ .
( A similar core of regular contributors has developed for Terry ’s polymath4 : I wonder if this will happen for all projects that get off the ground . )
And secondly , having chosen a new project , I want to write several introductory posts to give people a chance to get up to speed before the project properly starts .
The way things are looking at the moment , I think it ’s unlikely that I ’ll start a project before November , but the preliminary posts might come out earlier .
In this post , I will say very briefly what some of these possible projects are , and will also report on a conversation I had recently with Jordan Ellenberg , during which he told me some thoughts about Polymath that I found extremely interesting .
In fact , let me do that first .
Jordan is interested in the question of what it is that motivates people to check websites regularly , and his answer is that the websites need to be constantly changing ( like a blog that gets lots of posts and comments ) rather than static ( like a wiki or a home page ) .
Of course , this is not a new observation , and of course Jordan was n’t claiming that it was , but it does have some consequences for Polymath projects .
For instance , Jordan ’s view was that , however regularly a Polymath wiki is updated , people are far less likely to spend time reading it carefully than they are to check a Polymath blog , even if they are interested in finding out about the problem being tackled .
The reason is that we all have 101 bits of mathematics that it would be good to learn about , and as soon as reading the wiki begins to feel like hard work , we wo n’t really have a strong reason for doing that piece of hard work rather than any other .
This does n’t invalidate the wiki , since it is very useful when making blog comments to be able to refer to the wiki for basic definitions and results rather than having to explain them every time , and it is also useful to put arguments on the wiki once they start to become more precise and technical .
But I think I agree with Jordan that it is unrealistic to suppose that if there are good explanations on the wiki , then that will enable people to get up to speed and join a Polymath project at a late stage .
I myself would draw another conclusion , which is partly based on my experience of following polymath4 and making occasional casual contributions .
On the Polymath blog , a very high level of threading is allowed , with the result that the order of comments is very different from their chronological order .
This makes it substantially harder to check what has been added recently than it would be if there were no threading .
It ’s not impossible , since one has a list of recent comments , but it does reduce the feeling of a polymathematical thought process unfolding over time .
I know that there is disagreement about this , but I am going back to the view that there should be no threading at all , though I might be ready to compromise and have threading down to depth 1 , with the understanding that it should be used for brief local replies only .
There was plenty more to our conversation , but the take - home message was that we should think very carefully about the psychology of what one might call website addiction , that quality that some websites have that cause one to check them obsessively , and should try to harness it as efficiently as possible .
It could be that it is this that really distinguishes a Polymath collaboration from a conventional collaboration , where it is all too easy to be lazy and take ages .
Certainly , I experienced something of this addiction during polymath1 ( as my wife will testify ) .
To state the requirement precisely , what a successful Polymath project needs is to be appealing in a fairly addictive way to enough people for the benefits of multiple collaboration to be truly felt .
From the experience of Polymath1 , I think it could be enough to have a nucleus of four or five people who are enthused by the project , keep up with what is going on , and maintain the momentum by making regular contributions .
I also had an interesting correspondence with Michael Nielsen in which I suggested that one reason for Polymath1 not fizzling out might have been that I started with a fairly detailed plan of attack , even though the eventual proof turned out to be quite different .
He said that that was certainly a factor in the success of Linux : Linus Torvalds did n’t start by saying , “ Hey guys , would n’t it be nice to develop a free operating system collaboratively , ” but rather he got things started with a rudimentary system .
And apparently there are many other examples like that .
However , he also noted that Terry Tao ’s mini-polymath was remarkably successful despite almost no initial input from Terry ( since he already knew a solution ) .
Despite this example , I think it is probably an advantage , even if not a necessity , for a project to start with a clear plan .
What then are the possible projects that I have in mind ?
I have two 20 - page documents describing them , but here I will just give a quick digest of some of them , in the hope of narrowing down the possibilities ( even though I think all of them have the potential to be good projects , and I would probably return to the ones that were weeded out ) and getting some sort of feedback .
1. Littlewood ’s conjecture and related problems .
Littlewood ’s conjecture is a major open problem , about which there are some highly non-trivial results .
It states that if and are any two real numbers , and , then there exists a positive integer such that .
Here , denotes the difference between and the integer closest to .
The usual pigeonhole argument implies that for every there exists such that , so the conjecture is asking for just a tiny improvement to this trivial bound if instead of looking at one real number we look at two simultaneously .
For the conjecture to be false , there would have to be a pair such that whenever threatened to get close to an integer , was safely far away , and vice versa .
Polymath seems suited to problems that can be tackled in an elementary way , which , given the non-elementary nature of the progress that has been made so far on Littlewood ’s conjecture ( the highlight of which is a proof by Einsiedler , Katok and Lindenstrauss that the Hausdorff dimension of the set of counterexamples to the conjecture is zero ) , might make it seem as though it was an unsuitable problem .
Briefly , my reasons for nevertheless wanting to tackle it are ( i ) I have formulated a number of related problems that seem easier , and ( ii ) I have ideas for how to tackle the problem in an elementary way , and I believe that we could learn a lot from trying to get them to work , even if we failed .
An advantage of this project is that I already have quite a bit of material that could quickly be turned into initial posts , plenty of ideas to explore , etc .
The fact that the problem itself is notoriously hard is not , in my view , a reason for not attempting it , since there are lesser goals , such as thinking about the related problems and improving our understanding of the main problem , that it would still be very good to be able to attain .
2. A DHJ - related project .
I will say very little about this project , except that its main advantage ( which not everybody would consider an advantage ) is that it is sufficiently closely related to DHJ that some of the expertise built up during that project could well be useful to this one .
And it is an extremely interesting problem , so interesting that I am reluctant to put it in the public domain unless there is a real chance that it will be chosen as a polymath project .
( Sorry , that ’s a bit of my traditional possessive monomathic personality coming out there . )
On the negative side , I do n’t have much in the way of preliminary attacks on the problem , though this would I think be compensated for by the closeness to DHJ .
( I should stress , however , that it is different enough from DHJ that a solution would be a serious mathematical advance . )
3. Four Erdös - style combinatorial problems .
Apologies for the non-Hungarian umlaut — I do n’t know how to do Hungarian ones in WordPress .
I am going to lump the next four projects together , since they are all beautiful problems of an extremal - combinatorics flavour .
I will do little more than state the problems .
I do not have plans of attack for these , though I have a few small ideas and preliminary observations about 3a that could provide some kind of starting point .
However , for each problem I have a hunch that Polymath could really get its teeth into it .
3a . Erdös ’s discrepancy problem .
Let be a sequence of s and let be a positive integer .
Must there exist positive integers and such that ?
This is such a weak thing to ask , and seems so likely to be true , that I have the feeling that the reason the problem is still open is that people have not pushed quite hard enough .
So perhaps a multipush is what is required .
Having said that , I know various observations that show that there probably is n’t a truly easy solution to the problem .
( For instance , it is possible to construct sequences where has to be exponentially large in terms of , so many styles of argument that would tend to give quadratic bounds are ruled out .
I could expand on this in a future post . )
3b . The Erdös - Hajnal conjecture .
This is a gorgeous problem in Ramsey theory .
As is well - known , the Ramsey number is exponential in .
However , the graphs that demonstrate this are random graphs , and therefore they contain induced copies of all small graphs .
By how much does the bound improve if one disallows this ?
More precisely , let be a positive integer and let be a graph .
Erdös and Hajnal conjecture that there is a constant such that if is any graph with at least vertices that does not contain any induced copy of , then either or contains a clique of size .
The usual bounds for off - diagonal Ramsey numbers prove the result when is a clique , and it is also known for certain classes of graphs .
The simplest open case is where is a pentagon .
In other words , if has vertices and does not contain five vertices such that each is joined to but not to ( mod 5 ) , then it is not known whether the largest clique in or must have size at least .
3 c. Frankl ’s union - closed conjecture .
This is a notorious question , and possibly the least likely to yield to a Polymath approach ( it feels as though there might be a burst of ideas , none of which would work , followed by disillusionment , or else , if we were very lucky , a single bright idea from one person that essentially solved the problem , but I could be wrong ) .
Let be a collection of sets that is closed under taking unions .
Must there be an element that is contained in at least half the sets ?
( The extremal case is if consists of all subsets of a - element set , in which case there are sets and no element is contained in more than of them . )
3d .
The delta-systems problem .
This question is due to Erdös and Rado .
A delta system is a collection of sets such that all the sets ( with ) are equal .
Equivalently , there exists some set such that for every , and the sets are disjoint .
Delta systems appear quite often in extremal combinatorics , and it would be good to know how many sets of size you need before you are guaranteed to find a delta system of size .
However , this is another notorious problem .
Even when , it is wide open , and Erdös offered 1000 dollars for a solution to the following problem : does there exist a constant such that for every and every system of at least sets of size , there must exist three of them that form a delta system ?
( The best known upper bound is more like . )
4. Non-mathematical projects .
There are many fascinating questions that are not strictly speaking mathematics but that nevertheless appeal to many people who are mathematically inclined .
It occurs to me that some of these could be ideal for Polymath , since one of the difficulties of Polymath — the need to communicate complicated mathematical ideas — is lessened .
I will give two examples of the kind of thing I have in mind .
I do n’t expect either of these to be the next Polymath project , but I might be interested in tackling one or other of them in the future .
4a . Developing a non-boring chess - playing program .
I have great respect for the achievements of Deep Blue and similar programs , but I cannot avoid being disappointed by the heavy use that such programs make of brute - force searches .
It feels to me as though the real problem — how do good chess players do what they do — remains unanswered .
So I am interested in the following question : how good a chess - playing program is possible if the amount of memory space allowed is very restricted , and the amount of calculation is also limited ?
What might a Polymath project devoted to this question be like ?
Well , it could start by trying to frame the question in a more abstract way .
One would like to find a method of programming that applied to all games of a certain type ( things like Othello , Go , etc. ) and not just chess .
The sort of method that I find exciting is an evolutionary strategy : one just sets the computer playing against itself , or perhaps against itself and against humans , and tries to set things up so that there is an evolutionary pressure that selects for good tactics .
The major problem there is to come up with a notion of game - playing program that splits up into smaller bits ( which one can think of as “ genes ” ) that can be modified without just wrecking the whole program .
And one wants to do that without imposing serious limitations on what the program can end up looking like .
These are formidable challenges , and issues that many people have thought about .
But I ’m not sure that pure mathematicians have thought about them all that much , and perhaps some interesting new ideas could come out of a Polymath project on the subject .
4b . The origin of life .
This is even more absurdly ambitious than 4a , but why not ?
One of the major open problems in science is to give a plausible explanation of how life started : it seems to be much easier to explain how complex life forms evolved from simple ones than it is to explain how the simple ones evolved ( if that is the right word ) from nothing .
I think there is the potential for mathematicians to shed light on this problem , by coming up with a mathematical model and proving ( not necessarily rigorously — perhaps one would be satisfied with convincing heuristic arguments and computer simulations ) that it had a tendency to lead to extremely complex behaviour .
What about Conway ’s game of Life , one might ask ?
Well , that is clearly a huge step in the direction I am talking about .
But it does n’t quite do what I said in the previous paragraph : what it does is demonstrate that some initial configurations lead , under some very simple rules , to complex behaviour .
What I would find more convincing would be a somewhat randomized dynamic model , such as the kinds of models one sees in statistical physics , that not only can get very complex , but does so with some positive probability ( which one could quite easily convert into a probability very close to 1 ) .
I recently attended a fascinating talk by Stanislav Smirnov in which he talked about sandpile models .
These are models of the process where one drops sand on a pile , which grows but also gives rise to avalanches of various sizes .
Apparently , statistical physicists find these models exciting because they naturally seem to give rise to complicated fractal patterns , whereas most models seem to be stable in the ordered regime or the completely chaotic regime and not at the boundary between them .
So a more precise question is this : can one devise some simple model that people could run on their computers that would start from virtually nothing and almost always lead to an interesting artificial eco-system ?
Such a model would provide powerful support for the hypothesis that life is a high - probability event rather than an extraordinary miracle that defies scientific explanation .
Of course , there must already have been a great deal of work on this question , and there are many variants on the game of Life .
So a preliminary task would be to find out about that in order to see what would count as an important advance .
( I suppose it is even worth thinking about whether a suitable choice of random starting position for the game of Life , with perhaps a very slight randomization of the game itself , would do the job . )
The reason I think this might make a good Polymath project is that whereas one person ’s wild speculation can often be just that — wild speculation — if a large number of people made speculations and criticized and refined other people ’s speculations , the result could perhaps be much more interesting .
5 . A tentative approach to complexity lower bounds .
This has emerged only very recently as a suitable project .
One of the features of the P versus NP problem that is rather intimidating is that theoretical computer scientists have proved a number of rigorous results that say “ No proof that P does not equal NP could look like this . ”
And it seems to be hard to come up with a sketch of an argument that does n’t “ look like this ” ( though there is at least one serious proposal , due to Ketan Mulmuley ) .
Recently , however , I thought of an approach that could conceivably avoid some of these “ barriers in computational complexity ” .
At the moment I ’m almost sure ( but not quite certain ) that it would n’t be able to prove that P does not equal NP , but I have n’t yet managed to rule out its being able to solve another major problem in the area : to find a function in NP that has superpolynomial formula size .
This is still a very long shot of course , but the nature of the subject is such that even reaching a good understanding of why an approach does n’t work is cause for celebration , so I think the ideas are worth investigating .
And I think that reaching this kind of good understanding would be quicker and more enjoyable if done polymathematically .
I should say that I ’ve tried reasonably hard to demolish the approach myself , but each time I think I ’ve succeeded I find some desperate way of rescuing it .
However , at least one of these demolition attempts does make it look highly likely that a certain measure of complexity that I have looked at can be large for polynomially computable functions .
I shall continue to attack the approach , so it may be that by the time I would have been ready to start the project it wo n’t exist any more .
[ UPDATE 19/9/09 : I have now had a further realization that makes me extremely pessimistic about the idea .
I will continue to think about it , but if your preference is / was for 5 , it would still be good to think carefully about your second choice . ]
There is a tiny tiny chance that the approach actually works , and a further minuscule chance that , despite the strong evidence to the contrary , it could then lead to a proof that P NP .
This conjunction of two miracles is so unlikely that it is scarcely worth bringing up a difficult issue that would arise , but it is an amusing issue that will have occurred to almost anyone reading this , so let me do so .
That is the question of what would happen to the Clay million dollars if one of their problems was solved polymathematically .
I can think of a few possible answers .
One might be simply to declare in advance that if that happened then Polymath would give the money to charity , or come up with ten 100,000 - dollar problems , or in some other way not try to distribute the money to the individual participants .
But then there might be a strong temptation for people to break off and work individually .
Another answer might be just to rely on the Clay Foundation to solve the problem of apportioning credit — in their small print they already have something about possibly sharing prizes if the ideas that go into a solution are spread amongst different papers by different authors .
I do n’t know if either of these solutions would work , but I do think that it would be a terrible pity if the existence of the Clay prize provided a disincentive to work on their problems in a potentially productive way .
From the point of view of suitability for Polymath , I think this project is a good one , since , as with the Littlewood problem , I have some detailed posts already written , in the form of a five - part dialogue between three mathematicians , one of whom specializes in proposing ideas , one in criticizing them , and the third in asking for fuller explantions from time to time .
There is a good chance that complexity experts will be able to shoot it down almost immediately ( indeed , the one thing that bothers me about this as a project is that it could be slightly embarrassing — it ’s somewhat embarrassing even to admit to thinking about it ) : if so , nothing much is lost and we can move straight on to another project .
But if the approach survives the initial scrutiny of the TCS crowd , then one thing it has going for it is that it is of a kind that would appeal to additive combinatorialists .
Since there are already many people interested in both theoretical computer science and additive combinatorics , there is an excellent pool of potential participants : perhaps one or two of them could become addicted in the Ellenberg sense .
I have a disclaimer similar to the one I had at the start of DHJ : the official aim of this project would be to see whether one particular idea for proving complexity lower bounds has anything going for it .
Of course , it would be great if the answer was provably yes , but there are many lesser outcomes that would still be interesting .
( I would even be interested , if disappointed , to be told that the approach has already been tried . )
I would also like to have my argument that it cannot prove that P=NP made rigorous : it seems to be quite an interesting and purely mathematical problem to do that .
Conclusion .
A few weeks ago , the Littlewood project was the one that appealed to me most .
Now I am moving towards the one on complexity lower bounds ( despite simultaneously feeling a bit uneasy about even mentioning it , and despite the fair chance that it ’s based on an idea that will rapidly be seen to get nowhere ) .
But all of them appeal to me quite a bit , or I would n’t have suggested them .
I think the two non-mathematical projects are perhaps best left alone for the time being — I just mention them to raise the possibility that Polymath could be used for broader projects that are not completely mathematical .
Amongst the projects in 2 and 3 , I think my not terribly strong order of preference is 2 and 3a ( equal first ) , followed by 3d , 3b , 3 c .
Funnily enough , or perhaps not so funnily , my order of preference is basically the same as the order of how many preliminary thoughts I have about the problems — i.e. , on how well they do by the clarity - of - initial - plan criterion .
So now I ’d like to get some feedback .
I ’m particularly interested in getting a sense not just of which projects people would like to see tackled , but which projects people feel they could make a serious contribution to and would be prepared to devote plenty of time to .
I realize I have n’t given enough information for it to be easy to judge , but I hope I ’ve at least said enough for people to decide their approximate level of enthusiasm .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
A new Newsmax column advocates a military coup to unseat Obama or usher in a period of “ shared responsibility ” between military government and a ceremonial Obama presidency .
“ A coup is not an ideal option , but Obama ’s radical ideal is not acceptable or reversible . ”
The author , John L. Perry , claims not to be ‘ advocating ’ , only describing what he says is already being considered and is the best option available .
But give it a read and you be the judge .
And just so we ’re totally clear , no , I ’m not expecting any military coups .
This is just one more nugget to add to the backdrop list of incitement now coming from the right .
A worker welds a wind turbine mast .
Photo from Greenpeace .
By the Socialist Alliance
[ The following leaflet was distributed at the ``switch off Hazelwood ' ' power station protest in Victoria on September 12 and 13 , attended by more than 300 people . ]
September 13 , 2009 --
The transition from a fossil fuel dependent society to renewable energy is perhaps the most urgent question facing humanity .
The public debate about climate change has shifted from a discussion about the reality of global warming to a discussion focused on how to transition to renewable energy .
In large part the debate has focused on using a price signal to shift private investment from carbon - intensive industries to renewables .
While a variety of schemes are being argued about the logic is the same – by making carbon - intensive economic activity more expensive private investment will shift into the green economy .
“ Green jobs ” , it is argued , will be a product of this new investment and will replace jobs lost in industries like coal - fired power .
Green economy
The logic behind these arguments makes a number of flimsy assumptions about the way that capitalism works and how private capital makes decisions about investment .
First , increased costs do not necessarily mean investment will flow out of carbon - intensive industries .
The first response will be to push these costs onto consumers , such as increased energy bills .
Second , the oil and coal industries and their powerful corporations have made mega- profits for more than a hundred years .
Investment in these industries in unlikely to shift without a massive reduction in profit levels .
The current carbon trading and tax schemes do not even come close to achieving this result .
Assuming that the profitability of carbon - intensive industries is significantly impacted via schemes like carbon trading , there is no guarantee that this investment will flow to into renewable energy production and other sustainable industries .
Moreover there is no reason to expect that these new industries would spring up in the communities affected by the closure of carbon - intensive industries .
Private capital always seeks the highest return which may not be in renewable energy and is unlikely to be in the Latrobe Vally or Hunter Valley .
Green jobs
Parts of the Australian trade union movement have come behind big corporations seeking to protect dirty industries .
They claim that these industries should be shielded in order to protect the jobs of their members and maintain communities .
These views reflect the legitimate concerns many working people employed in carbon - intensive industries have raised about employment security .
The promise of a “ green job ” provided at some point in the future by “ green private investment ” understandably does not inspire great confidence .
In communities already devastated by unemployment the concern is even greater .
A real `just transition '
The Socialist Alliance believes that all active in the union and environmental movements need to urgently pursue a serious discussion about how to move to renewable industries and maintain well - paid jobs in local communities .
We need to turn the phrase “ just transition ” into a practical discussion not just a motherhood statement tacked on the end of our leaflets .
We believe that it is possible to rapidly make a transition to renewables without causing large - scale unemployment in communities like the Latrobe Valley .
This means not relying on the vagaries of “ the market ” to spontaneously replace lost jobs .
Governments must develop a comprehensive plan to create industries in communities that will be most impacted by the closure of fossil fuel intensive industries .
Part of this plan must include a skill audit to assess what training is needed to move workers from carbon - intensive industries into alternative employment .
The fact is that a government with the political will has the capacity to set up wind turbine , solar thermal and solar photovoltaic factories and run them in the interests of the community .
This work could begin within months not years .
Public ownership is essential
Public ownership of new green industries would enable governments to ensure that jobs are created where people live .
With a government commitment to public ownership , communities reliant on coal mining and coal - fired power could be sure that ``green jobs ' ' are going to be there for the long haul , not just for a few years .
The perils of relying on private business to provide green jobs was demonstrated by the recent decision of the Danish wind turbine company Vestas to close down its United Kingdom operations and move to the United States .
Vestas , the world ’s largest wind turbine company , had three factories in the UK producing the different parts of wind turbines ; these were the only wind turbine factories in Britain and were running at a profit .
Vestas as a whole has been growing rapidly over the last few years and recorded an after - tax profit of 56 million euros in the first quarter of 2009 alone .
The company from the outset was hostile to trade unions and tried to screen unionists from getting jobs at the UK plants .
This year Vestas announced that due to insufficient government support it was going to close its UK plants and move offshore .
Workers at the Isle of Wight blade factory heroically staged a factory occupation demanding the factory be nationalised and kept operating ; their campaign enjoyed the support of unionists and climate activists across the UK and around the world .
Rudd ai n't gonna do it
Australia 's federal Labor Party government has failed to take any decisive action to tackle climate change .
The Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme ( CPRS ) is living proof of that .
It has avoided even the most minor of confrontations with the coal corporations .
Labor does n’t want to set up an industry which makes those profitable coal mines and power stations redundant .
History has saddled ordinary working people with the responsibility to force governments to challenge powerful vested interests and to take action to cut carbon emissions .
It 's no good telling our grandchildren that because we were n’t game to take on the corporations their planet is a permanent disaster zone .
We want to be able to tell our grandchildren the story of how we took on those companies and won , and built the new sustainable infrastructure necessary for our survival .
We can do it .
Cheetahs became extinct in India half a century ago
India plans to bring back the cheetah , nearly half a century after it became extinct in the country .
The BBC's Soutik Biswas considers whether it is a good idea .
Will the world 's fastest land animal make a comeback in India , nearly half a century after it became extinct in the country ?
A serious initiative is afoot to bring the cheetah back to India and make it , as many wildlife experts say , the " flagship species " of the country 's grasslands , which do not have a single prominent animal now .
A similar effort in the 1970s - India was then talking to Iran , which had around 300 cheetahs at that time - flopped after the Shah of Iran was deposed and the negotiations never progressed .
' Strong case '
A recent meeting of wildlife officials , cheetah experts and conservationists from all over the world discussed the " reintroduction " of the spotted cat and agreed that the case for its return to India was strong .
Seven sites - national parks , sanctuaries and other open areas - in the four states of Rajasthan , Madhya Pradesh , Gujarat and Chhattisgarh have been shortlisted as potential homes for the cheetah .
These sites will now be surveyed extensively to find out the state of the habitat , the number of prey and prospects of man-animal conflict to finally determine whether they can accommodate the cheetah .
The last Asiatic cheetah are found in Iran
If one or more sites are found to have favourable habitat and prey for the cheetah , India will then possibly have to import the cat from Africa , because the numbers of the Asiatic cheetah which are available only in Iran have dwindled to under 100 .
The vast majority of the 10,000 cheetahs left in the world are in Africa .
Genetic scientists like the US - based Stephen O'Brien say that the genetic similarities between the Iranian and African cheetah is " very close " , so there should be no problems bringing the latter to India .
Most of the experts agreed that wild cheetahs or the progeny of wild cheetahs in captivity should be brought to India , quarantined for a while , and released in the selected habitats .
Dr Laurie Marker , founder of the Cheetah Conservation Fund , says reintroducing the cheetah " will not be easy - but it is doable " .
" We have the techniques and knowledge to do it .
The cheetah living in India again might be a good thing .
Its extinction is fairly recent and it is a top predator which could help by becoming an icon , help bring back the health of grassland ecosystems , " she says .
' Haste '
But many leading conservationists have doubts about the current initiative .
They fear that in its haste to bring back the cheetah , India will end up housing them in semi-captive conditions in huge , secured open air zoos , but not free in the wild .
They say that without restoring habitat and prey base and the chances of a man-animal conflict , viable cheetah populations cannot be established .
" The present initiative of bringing in a few cheetahs from Africa and letting them loose in an enclosure where they will be fed artificially given the size of the enclosure and the cheetah 's natural prey requirements is putting the cart before the horse , " says Dr K Ulhas Karanth , one of India 's top conservation experts .
Conservationists fear that cheetahs will end up in ' controlled ' environments
" Where are the several thousand square kilometres of habitat free of small livestock , children and other potential prey ?
If cheetahs are to be introduced , relocation of human settlements on a sufficient scale to create the vast habitats will be needed .
How can we deal with conflict between cheetahs and wild animals ? "
Studies show that at least 200 cheetahs were killed in India during the colonial period mainly due to conflicts with sheep and goat herders , and not because they were shot by trophy hunters .
Also , conservationists point to India 's chequered record of reintroducing animals .
Lions were reintroduced in Chandraprabha santuary in the 1950s , but poached out of existence .
Tigers were reintroduced in Dungarpur in the 1920s , but they were all shot dead by the end of 1950s .
Even captive breeding exercises have proved to be futile sometimes - in the early 1990s , American zoos captive - bred lion tailed monkeys for release in India 's Western Ghats even as monkeys were getting poached and their forest habitats logged .
Then there is the question of prey - a cheetah , says environmental historian Mahesh Rangarajan , needs at least 50 to 80 antelope sized prey a year , and a mother needs more .
" Is such a prey base at all available ? " asks Mr Rangarajan .
' Conserving ecosystem '
In India , cheetahs would essentially prey on blackbuck and gazelle - the largest herd of blackbuck in India is some 2,000 animals and already has the wolf as a predator .
" Cheetah could live off smaller prey , but then you need a lot more of them , " says Mr Rangarajan .
But the conservationists who are leading the initiative say these fears are unfounded , and the decision to bring back the cat to India will only be taken after the shortlisted sites are fully examined for habitat , prey and potential for man-animal conflict .
Cheetahs require a huge prey base MK Ranjitsinh , chairman of the Wildlife Trust of India , which is participating in the new initiative , says the plan is to import African cheetahs and release them in the wild in designated open areas , which have been examined and checked thoroughly .
" The plan is to bring cheetahs from the wild in Africa and release them in the wild in India .
The cat will help in conserving the ecosystem , " he says .
Even the federal environment minister Jairam Ramesh is upbeat about the initiative .
" Personally , I feel we would be reclaiming a part of our wonderful and varied ecological history if the cheetah was to be reintroduced in the wild , " he says .
Clearly it is early days and it may be quite some time before the cheetah stalks India 's grasslands once again .
But reintroducing the cat in India has a lot of symbolic value .
The first cheetah in the world to be bred in captivity was in India during the rule of Mughal emperor Jahangir .
His father , Akbar , recorded that there were 10,000 cheetahs during his time .
Much later , research showed that were at least 230 cheetahs in India between 1799 and 1968 - and the cat was reportedly sighted for the last time in the country in 1967 - 68 .
Clearly , returning the cheetah to India - the only large mammal to become extinct since independence in 1947 - is going to be the easy part .
Making sure it thrives and does n't get poached and get into conflict with humans is going to be much , much harder .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ This is a pleasure you can only have a few times in your life , ” said Toshiko Maki , 51 , a homemaker from suburban Tokyo , as she popped a ruby - red cube of sashimi into her mouth .
Image A fisherman unloading an increasingly rare tuna catch .
Credit ... Ko Sasaki for The New York Times
But now the town faces a looming threat , as the number of tuna has begun dropping precipitously in recent years because of overfishing .
This has given Oma another , less celebrated distinction , as a community that has stood out by calling for greater regulation of catches in a nation that has adamantly opposed global efforts to save badly depleted tuna populations .
Just a decade or two ago , each boat here could routinely catch three or four tuna a day , fishermen say .
Now , they say Oma ’s entire fleet of 30 to 40 boats is lucky to bring in a combined total of a half - dozen tuna in a day .
The problem , they say , is that all the fish are being taken by big trawlers that come from elsewhere in Japan , or farther out to sea from Taiwan or China .
Some of these ships even use helicopters to spot schools of tuna , which they scoop up in vast nets or catch en masse with long lines of baited hooks .
According to local newspapers , there have been repeated incidents of small fishing boats from Oma and other ports intentionally cutting such trawl lines .
“ I ’m furious at Tokyo ’s bureaucrats for failing to protect our tuna , ” said Hirofumi Hamahata , 69 , the president of the Oma fishermen ’s co-op , who has worked as a commercial fisherman since age 15 .
“ They do n’t lift a finger against the industrial fishing that just sweeps the ocean clean . ”
We all knew that Nissan would be dropping trou on its new NISMO Z and convertible 370Z Roadster at this week 's New York Auto Show .
What we did n't expect was an early shot of the 370Z in advance of the roadster 's show debut .
2010 Nissan 370Z Roadster
In addition to these two early shots , we grabbed some live photos from Nissan 's display over at New York 's Morrell Wine Bar .
We 've also got plenty of video of the car from around the web .
Nissan is n't doing an official press conference , but the Z roadster and NISMO - tuned coupe will be on the show floor tomorrow .
2010 Nissan 370Z Roadster
2010 Nissan 370Z Roadster
2010 Nissan 370Z Roadster
The important info : the new Z roadster has a fabric folding top , and shares nothing with the Infiniti G37 hardtop convertible .
Like the new 2009 Nissan 370Z , it rides on a short - ish 100.4 - inch wheelbase and an overall length of 167.2 inches .
The drivetrain 's shared with the 2009 370Z coupe --a 332 - horsepower 3.7 - liter V - 6 teams up with a seven - speed automatic with paddle shifters or a six - speed manual gearbox that matches engine revs for better shifting .
The rear - drive Roadster sports a one - step mechanism that lowers the top at the push of a button .
A glass rear window is standard , as are high - intensity discharge headlamps and a wind deflector .
Sport brakes are an option , along with Bluetooth , navigation system , XM satellite radio , aluminum pedals and a Bose audio system .
Nissan also showed off its in - house NISMO tuner version of the new 370Z coupe .
The NISMO edition sees its power bumped to 350 horsepower , with a six - speed manual the sole transmission .
The doors , hood and hatch are made from aluminum to cut weight , and the body wears aero add - ons to distinguish it from the base coupe .
A tuned exhaust and a standard limited - slip differential team up with a NISMO - tweaked suspension and 19 - inch wheels .
Special gauges and red-stitched interior trim are the finishing touches inside the NISMO .
We 'll have more from the 2009 New York auto show tomorrow .
For more photos , click over to our 2010 Nissan 370Z Roadster page and to the 2009 Nissan 370Z NISMO page .
------
You can also follow real time updates of our coverage from New York on our Twitter page .
All in a day 's work : a garbage collector cleans up our streets .
iStockPhoto / Mike Clarke
Most of us wash our hands of garbage as soon as we set it on the curb .
If we can avoid the chore of taking the trash out , we toss our rubbish in the trash can and forget about it .
Not so for the garbage collector .
If you 've ever noticed an overflowing trashcan on a public street , you may have taken a moment to feel bad for the person who'll have to clean it all up .
In the pinnacle of dirty jobs , garbage collectors have to deal hands - on with our trash , day in and day out .
In this thankless job , they make sure it gets from our curbs to the landfill .
Sanitation workers often put in long shifts , traveling up and down our streets to pick up trash while dodging impatient drivers -- who occasionally hit the guys who are emptying trash cans .
That 's one reason why trash collecting consistently ranks high on lists of dangerous jobs [ source : Morsch ] .
Aside from angry drivers , these guys deal with forces of nature as well -- working in rain , snow and sleet .
And let 's not forget the smell .
The reek of dirty diapers and rotting eggs can't be pleasant , especially combined with -- and particularly after -- stewing in the sun on a hot day .
Even if sanitation engineers eventually get used to the smell , it probably does n't make them popular after working a long shift .
Despite the dirt , the danger and the smell , there 's no shortage of garbage collector jobs .
The average annual salary for this occupation is about $ 43,000 [ source : SimplyHired ] .
In California , the average hourly wage is $ 16.04 , and in some places , the overtime can help shoot the pay to over $ 60,000 a year [ source : CEED , Parsons ] .
Fucked For The Very Very first Time – Combat Zone
Asda said it has reported the footage to police Police are to investigate an allegation that a former supermarket worker was caught on camera licking a raw chicken before putting it back on the shelf .
The staff member at Fulwood in Preston , Lancashire , is also alleged to have urinated in a bin and played cricket and football with items on sale .
The antics were filmed by a co-worker on night shifts at the store .
The man has since left the company .
A spokesman for Asda said it was " disgusted and appalled " .
Lancashire police are also looking at camera footage .
The worker is videoed letting off a fire extinguisher and then is shown on as the fire service respond to a hoax call at the supermarket .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The worker is also shown sticking his finger in one of the chickens on sale and throwing eggs at a wall in a back room .
A spokesman for Asda said : " We are absolutely disgusted and appalled by the behaviour of this man .
" Despite not working for us since April 2007 , we now have video evidence of criminal damage and we have taken this matter up with the police . "
It is understood the man seen allegedly damaging stock worked at the supermarket between 2005 and 2007 , but the footage has only just come to light .
Wrapper off
The former shop worker is alleged to have returned to the store in 2009 after leaving Asda 's employment .
He stamps on chickens on display before tearing off the wrapping , licking a chicken and replacing it on the shelf .
Insp Jameel Murtza , of Lancashire Police , said : " We are currently in the process of reviewing CCTV footage of the incident .
" We are liaising with the management at Asda with the aim of identifying any criminal offences that have taken place . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pioneering Spacecraft Designer Max Faget Dies
Image above : Max Faget in his NASA Portrait .
Photo credit : NASA
Image right : Faget designed the Mercury capsule , like this one -- capsule number two -- sitting complete in Lewis Hangar ( now NASA Glenn Research Center ) near Cleveland , Ohio in 1959 .
Photo credit : NASA
" He was a true icon of the space program .
There is no one in space flight history in this or any other country who has had a larger impact on man 's quest in space exploration . " -- Dr. Christopher C. Kraft , flight director on Project Mercury
Image above : Faget , far left , celebrates the successful Apollo 11 moon landing in 1969 with senior NASA leaders in Mission Control in Houston .
Photo credit : NASA
The man who designed the original spacecraft for Project Mercury and is credited with contributing to the designs of every U.S. human spacecraft from Mercury to the Space Shuttle has died .
Dr. Maxime A. Faget , who in 1958 became part of the Space Task Group that would later evolve into the NASA Johnson Space Center , died Saturday at his home in Houston .
He was 83 years old .
" Without Max Faget 's innovative designs and thoughtful approach to problem solving , America 's space program would have had trouble getting off the ground , " said NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe .
" He also was an aeronautics pioneer .
In fact , it was his work on supersonic flight research that eventually led to his interest in space flight .
The thoughts and prayers of the entire agency are with his family .
" Faget 's career with NASA dates back to 1946 , when he joined the staff of Langley Research Center , Hampton , Va. , as a research scientist .
He worked in the Pilotless Aircraft Research Division and later was named head of the Performance Aerodynamics Branch .
He conceived and proposed the development of the one - man spacecraft used in Project Mercury .
Faget was selected as one of the original 35 engineers as a nucleus of the Space Task Group to carry out the Mercury project .
The group also devoted a lot of time to follow - on programs and Faget led the initial design and analysis teams that studied the feasibility of a flight to the Moon .
As a result of his work and other NASA research , President John F. Kennedy was able to commit the U.S. to a lunar landing by the end of the 1960s .
" Max was a genuine icon , " said NASA 's Associate Administrator for Space Operations William Readdy , " a down - to - earth Cajun with a very nuts - and - bolts approach to engineering .
He contributed immeasurably to America 's successes in human space flight .
His genius allowed us to compete and win the space race to the Moon . " " Max Faget was truly a legend of the manned space flight program , " said Christopher C. Kraft , former Johnson Space Center director .
" He was a true icon of the space program .
There is no one in space flight history in this or any other country who has had a larger impact on man 's quest in space exploration .
He was a colleague and a friend I regarded with the highest esteem .
History will remember him as one of the really great scientists of the 20th Century .
" Faget was part of the original feasibility study for the Space Shuttle .
His team then focused on Shuttle development .
He retired from NASA in 1981 following the second shuttle mission ( STS - 2 ) .
His government service career spanned four decades .
After retiring from NASA , Faget was among the founders of one of the early private space companies , Space Industries Inc. , established in 1982 .
One of its projects was the Wake Shield Facility , built for the University of Houston and flown twice aboard the Space Shuttle to demonstrate a technique for processing material in a near - perfect vacuum .
Born on August 26 , 1921 , in Stann Creek , British Honduras , Faget graduated from Louisiana State University with a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering in 1943 .
He joined the U.S. Navy where he saw considerable combat as an officer in the submarine service .
Faget 's numerous accomplishments include patents on the " Aerial Capsule Emergency Separation Device " ( escape tower ) , the " Survival Couch , " the " Mercury Capsule , " and a " Mach Number Indicator .
"
He received numerous honors and awards , including the Arthur S. Flemming Award , the NASA Medal for Outstanding Leadership , and honorary doctorate of engineering degrees from the University of Pittsburgh and Louisiana State University .
He was inducted into the National Space Hall of Fame in 1969 and the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 2003 .
Faget was the first recipient of the Rotary National Award for Space Achievement in 1987 .
Faget was preceded in death by his wife Nancy in 1994 .
He is survived by four children : Ann , Carol , Guy , and Nanette ; a daughter in law , two sons in law and 10 grandchildren .
Funeral arrangements are pending .
Israel 's Security Cabinet has approved the release of 20 female Palestinian prisoners and detainees in exchange for proof that captive Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit held in the Gaza Strip is alive .
In a statement , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's office said Wednesday that it expects to receive a video showing the soldier is alive and well .
The deal is to be carried out on Friday .
However , a senior official in Netanyahu 's office said the negotiations are still " expected to be long and difficult . "
Similar statements were given in Cairo and Gaza on Wednesday .
The Shalit family was also updated on the recent developments in the affair .
" According to the proposal by mediators , Israel will receive updated and unequivocal proof of Shalit 's condition , " the statement said , without giving a date for the women 's release .
Jerusalem sources said the German mediator working on the case has already viewed the video , and that Israel has information of its content , which shows that Shalit appears to be alive and well .
The video is believed to have been recorded in recent weeks .
Shortly after the statement was given , the soldier 's father , Noam Shalit told Ynet he was aware of the details of the deal , but would not comment at this point .
Ynet has learned that the recent steps were made in coordination with the soldier 's father , and that he was kept up to date throughout all the stages leading up to the current deal .
Egypt has been trying to mediate a prisoner swap since Hamas - linked operatives captured Sgt. Gilad Shalit more than three years ago .
Shalit has not been seen since his capture .
On heels of crucial steps
Netanyahu praised special envoy on the Shalit case Hagai Hadas and his negotiations team for their professional handling of the matter , and said , " It 's important that the world know that Shalit is alive and well , and that Hamas is responsible for his safety . "
" The cabinet has decided to accept the Egyptian initiative as a confidence building step in the frame of the indirect talks , ahead of the crucial steps in negotiations for Gilad Shalit 's release , and based on the Israeli government 's commitment to work determinedly to bring him home fast , while protecting the State of Israel 's vital interests , " the Prime Minister 's Office said .
Meanwhile , in Gaza , Abu Obeida , spokesman for Hamas ' militant wing , confirmed that 20 female prisoners were expected to be returned in the coming days .
He made no mention of a videotape of Shalit , saying only that Hamas would respond by " clarifying his fate . "
The 20 prisoners to be released in exchange for the videotape of Shalit is comprised of eight Nablus residents , four Ramallah residents , three from Hebron , three from Bethlehem , one from Jenin and one from the Gaza Strip .
Seven of the prisoners are not affiliated with any group ; four are from Hamas , three from the Islamic Jihad , five from Fatah and one from the Popular Front .
The list of prisoners will be published on the Israel Prison Service 's website in the coming hours .
The PMO 's statement said the list may be viewed and any information regarding the process may be obtained at the Justice Ministry 's pardons department .
When Crunchyroll began streaming this season ’s Charger Girl Ju-den Chan , it created quite a stir .
The original show pushed the boundaries of all decency and featured nudity , violence against women , massive crotch shots , and probably the worst taboo of them all … urination !
But on top of that , Crunchyroll sparked even more fury from the fans by showing a censored version of the series on their streaming service .
But I think a lot of folks sort of missed the one part of Ju-den Chan that I found the most interesting and shocking of the whole series -
The anti-piracy warning at the start of each episode .
Warning messages are something that anime fans have gotten used to for well over a decade .
In late 1997 , an episode of Pokémon featured a strobe effect that caused hundreds of children to feel dizzy and then be rushed to the hospital .
While only a small fraction of those children actually suffered from epileptic seizures , the “ Pokémon Shock ” caused a wide spread panic across the country that demanded anime be safe and sanitized for the sake of the public .
So strobe effects were no longer used in the medium from that point on , and many TV shows began with the following warning message :
“ Please be sure to watch anime in a well lit room and at a safe distance away from the TV . ”
Of course , I guess if you were to watch anime on the big screen in a darken movie theater , you were probably doomed to just break into seizures right there in your seat . 😉
It was a ridiculous warning for an overreaction to an isolated incident , but these warning messages became a staple in anime culture since then .
And while some series just brushed it off with some text on the screen , other series had fun with it .
Both Full Moon and Hayate the Combat Butler had a little skit at the start of each episode showing one character advising the other to move away from their TV sets .
The series School Rumble , on the other hand , actually made a parody of the warning by having its characters suddenly bring it up in odd and comical moments before each episode .
But it ’s been well over a decade since the Pokémon Shock , and there has not been a single case of children suffering from epileptic seizures since then , so the need for a warning has started to fade away from public concern .
Apparently it ’s been replaced by a new issue currently plaguing the Japanese anime industry .
The Charger Girl warnings are very similar to School Rumble ’s seizure warnings .
Every episode , a different character , usually in a sexy or provocative way , says something to the effect of :
“ Lately , many people have been downloading their TV shows over the internet without the right holders ’ permission .
Distribution via the internet or bootlegs is illegal .
Please remember that . ”
It ’s rather direct and to the point , and it really stands out given the sexy way the characters say it .
But does the message get out to the people that need to hear it ?
Well , when I asked the Twitter community what they thought of the warnings , many appeared to be unaware of what I was talking about .
It seems the “ raw ” video of each episode that was originally uploaded to the internet had the warning message edited out .
So when the many fans download the fansub illegally later on , they never get to see the message at all .
So right now , it looks like the warning is simply preaching to the choir that is already watching the show in a legal and legitimate matter .
But it still provides evidence that the Japanese are well aware of the piracy problem , and they are now publicly denouncing it for the world to see .
This disproves the common fan belief that the original Japanese companies do n’t care about piracy so it ’s perfectly fine to download it .
I ’ll be interested to see how many other shows begin to display these anti-piracy warnings before each episode .
Perhaps in a year or two , they will become just as common and recognizable in the anime community as the seizure warnings have been for the past decade .
India 's space programme is more than 45 years old
India has successfully launched seven satellites in a single mission , nearly a month after the country 's inaugural Moon mission was aborted .
The rocket was carrying an Indian remote - sensing satellite and six smaller ones , all of them foreign .
The Indian satellite will help spot fishing zones in the sea by monitoring ocean temperatures .
Observers say India is emerging as a major player in the multi-billion dollar space market .
Wednesday 's launch , from the Sriharikota space centre off India 's east coast , is being described as another milestone for the country 's 46 - year - old space programme .
This is the 16th mission for India 's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle ( PSLV ) - a seven - storey - high , 230 tonne rocket .
A spokesman for state - run Indian Space Research Organisation ( Isro ) S Satish told the BBC that the Indian satellite Oceansat - 2 is carrying a new instrument which can measure wind speed over the surface of the ocean .
He said the device will help track monsoons and cyclones .
The rocket is also carrying six smaller satellites from Germany , Switzerland and Turkey .
Wednesday 's launch came as a boost to India 's space scientists after the country terminated its inaugural Moon mission last month .
Despite the termination of the mission , Isro chief G Madhavan Nair said that the project was a great success and 95 % of its objectives had been completed .
Last year India successfully launched 10 satellites in a single mission , boosting its capabilities in space .
The country started its space programme in 1963 , and has since designed , built and launched its own satellites into space .
In 2007 , India put an Italian satellite into orbit for a fee of $ 11 m .
In January 2008 , India successfully launched an Israeli spy satellite into orbit .
Correspondents say that the country is developing its rocket - launching capabilities to reduce its dependence on foreign space agencies , as well as to corner a share of the world 's lucrative satellite - launching market .
This is an Indus Valley seal .
Credit : J. M. Kenoyer / harappa.com
Four - thousand years ago , an urban civilization lived and traded on what is now the border between Pakistan and India .
During the past century , thousands of artifacts bearing hieroglyphics left by this prehistoric people have been discovered .
Today , a team of Indian and American researchers are using mathematics and computer science to try to piece together information about the still - unknown script .
The team led by a University of Washington researcher has used computers to extract patterns in ancient Indus symbols .
The study , published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , shows distinct patterns in the symbols ' placement in sequences and creates a statistical model for the unknown language .
" The statistical model provides insights into the underlying grammatical structure of the Indus script , " said lead author Rajesh Rao , a UW associate professor of computer science .
" Such a model can be valuable for decipherment , because any meaning ascribed to a symbol must make sense in the context of other symbols that precede or follow it . "
Co-authors are Nisha Yadav and Mayank Vahia of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research and Centre for Excellence in Basic Sciences in Mumbai ; Hrishikesh Joglekar of Mumbai ; R. Adhikari of the Institute of Mathematical Sciences in Chennai ; and Iravatham Mahadevan of the Indus Research Centre in Chennai .
Despite dozens of attempts , nobody has yet deciphered the Indus script .
The symbols are found on tiny seals , tablets and amulets , left by people inhabiting the Indus Valley from about 2600 to 1900 B.C.
Each artifact is inscribed with a sequence that is typically five to six symbols long .
Some people have questioned whether the symbols represent a language at all , or are merely pictograms of political or religious icons .
The new study looks for mathematical patterns in the sequence of symbols .
Calculations show that the order of symbols is meaningful ; taking one symbol from a sequence found on an artifact and changing its position produces a new sequence that has a much lower probability of belonging to the hypothetical language .
The authors said the presence of such distinct rules for sequencing symbols provides further support for the group 's previous findings , reported earlier this year in the journal Science , that the unknown script might represent a language .
" These results give us confidence that there is a clear underlying logic in Indus writing , " Vahia said .
Seals with sequences of Indus symbols have been found as far away as West Asia , in the region historically known as Mesopotamia and site of modern - day Iraq .
The statistical results showed that the West - Asian sequences are ordered differently from sequences on artifacts found in the Indus valley .
This supports earlier theories that the script may have been used by Indus traders in West Asia to represent different information compared to the Indus region .
" The finding that the Indus script may have been versatile enough to represent different subject matter in West Asia is provocative .
This finding is hard to reconcile with the claim that the script merely represents religious or political symbols , " Rao said .
The researchers used a Markov model , a statistical method that estimates the likelihood of a future event ( such as inscribing a particular symbol ) based on patterns seen in the past .
The method was first developed by Russian mathematician Andrey Markov a century ago and is increasingly used in economics , genetics , speech - recognition and other fields .
" One of the main purposes of our paper is to introduce Markov models , and statistical models in general , as computational tools for investigating ancient scripts , " Adhikari said .
One application described in the paper uses the statistical model to fill in missing symbols on damaged archaeological artifacts .
Such filled - in texts can increase the pool of data available for deciphering the writings of ancient civilizations , Rao said .
Source : University of Washington ( news : web )
Explore further Indus script encodes language , reveals new study of ancient symbols
Stellar Award winner and Grammy nominated gospel recording artist Tonex has dealt with rumors regarding his sexuality for almost his entire career .
The son of the late Rev. Dr. Anthony Williams and a minister himself , the accusations of homosexuality have been an enormous threat to his livelihood , ministry , and future as a respected leader in the black faith community in his native San Diego , California .
In 2007 with the release of The Naked Truth and the infamous YouTube video ( that has since been pulled ) where Tonex 's use of profanity and secular posturing shocked gospel music fans ; it seemed inside this talented singer was a ticking time bomb ready to explode .
In that video Tonex emphatically denied being gay , but that was two years ago .
In a recent interview with The Lexi Show produced by The Word Network , Tonex ' boldly opens the closet door in a way that I could never imagine anyone else in the gospel music industry having the courage to do .
As a childhood victim of molestation , Tonex ' refuses to blame his same - sex attraction on this experience like many of his colleagues who " struggle " with homosexuality ( i.e. Donnie McClurkin ) and corrects the interviewer when she attempts to frame the discussion in this way .
" It was n't a struggle .
And then people like to blame the struggle on molestation .
No .
Just say you were attracted to men and be honest and quit blaming it on that experience " , says Tonex ' .
On homophobia in the black church : " The church has completely faggotized everybody who 's gay , sends them to hell over the pulpit and the church literally screams hooray and are happy about that .
And yet , we celebrate the pastor who has a clean record and a clean look , but yet he is still doing the same thing that the same gender loving people are doing .
I believe that there 's holy ghost - filled fire baptized gay people .
" Tonex ' is currently writing for Janet Jackson 's upcoming CD and can be seen in Maurice Jamal 's Friends & Lovers Watch Tonex ' explain the man he is today in the videos below :
Capricorn - The Goat ( December 22 - January 19 )
Birth Stone : Garnet
Color : Earth color
Metal : Silver
Ruling Planet : Saturn
Power Stone : Onyx
Flower : Geranium
Capricorn is an earth sign .
They are scholarly , intellectual , philosophers , organizers and deep thinkers and are very practical in life .
They quickly recover from moodiness and get on with life .
They are usually calm , strong willed , hardworking , cautious , unemotional , shrewd and deliberate in their method and action .
They are one of the most stable and serious zodiac signs .
They are determined people reaching the goals that they have set and strive for perfection .
They are economical and are able to achieve their efforts in the easiest and cheapest way possible .
They may not be very pleasant at work as they are a little reserved , conservative , and have little or no humor .
They cannot hide their emotions and unhappiness if they fail in their personal efforts .
Capricorns think deeply and profoundly and have a quest for knowledge and information .
They have good concentration , and are logical and rational in their conversations .
Positives
People under this sign are quite stable and patient .
They are practical , reliable , honest and serious about their work .
They are quite ambitious , hard working and know what they want out of life .
They are good at business and know the value of money .
They are diligent and use their ability to concentrate in every detailed work .
They believe in charity , are self reliant , trust worthy and loyal to their friends and family .
Negatives
They can be bad critics of others which can earn them bad reputation .
Think highly about themselves .
They can a little greedy and exaggerate about their possessions of material things .
They think that they have the best judgment for everyone and try and correct people whenever possible .
Compatibility With Other Signs
Overall compatibility - Virgo , Taurus
Virgo , Taurus Incompatibility - Aries , Libra
Aries , Libra Career help by - Libra
Libra Financial help by - Aquarius
Aquarius Emotional support by - Aries
Aries Best for marriage and partnerships - Cancer
Love
They can be slow in love but can explode once they get it going and can have long lasting relationships .
They are enthusiastic and adventurous when ignited and partners can get overwhelmed by their fire of passion .
They strive for a good home life and loyalty in marriage and relationship .
27 days and counting .
That 's how long it is until September 30th , when Google will start sending 100,000 invites for the early test of Google Wave .
The real - time communication platform has captured the imagination of countless communication , social media , and tech enthusiasts that want to get their hands on its game - changing features .
It can import Twitter , provide real - time chat , play back past conversations , and even allows for drag - and - drop file uploads .
There are a lot of features , but it is unlike any other web product yet and thus takes time to learn .
That 's why in July we asked an important question : is the world ready for Google Wave ?
Will there be widespread adoption , or will the ambitious project fall short of expectations ?
Will developers jump on the Wave bandwagon and build apps for it like they do for Twitter and Facebook ?
Wave Is Almost Ready for Primetime
We have been monitoring the progress of Wave with our developer accounts , and we have to say : it 's come a long way .
When I first used it , I experienced multiple crashes per session and the interface would bug out .
And while these things still happen when I use Wave , the instances are far more sporadic .
Google has also been constantly informing developers of its updates to Wave .
Today in fact , they just released a new update , codename " ChooChoo . "
Here 's what was just added , according to the Wave team :
- Gadget insertion button in the editor toolbar ( do n't need to use the Debug menu anymore ! ) - Strikethrough button in the editor -
The extension management system has been upgraded ( meaning any extensions you had previously installed will need to be re-installed ) - Minimized
Waves will now flash green when new content is entered into the Wave ( if you are curious , a lot of the current work is moving towards improving our OT infrastructure , it is n't something that will be obvious , other than the editor will be more robust )
Summary : Google is implementing a swath of minor back - end and UI improvements in rapid fashion in anticipation of the September 30th release .
Things like small notifications , added formatting tools , and more efficient gadgets will all make the experience that much better when the end of the month rolls around .
So are you ready for Google Wave ?
Because ready or not , it 's going to be making waves ( pun intended ) across the entire web very , very soon .
More Google Wave Resources from Mashable
Come over here and say that :
The cheetah and gazelle who have become friendly next door neighbours
If these two creatures came across each other in the wild , it would end in swift and certain death for one of them .
But this easy - going cheetah has decided to befriend his gazelle neighbour instead .
The trusting Dama gazelle spotted the pacing cheetah in the next door enclosure of a zoo and came to meet it at the boundary .
The animals sized each other up tentatively before stepping closer and closer together .
Up close and personal : A young Cheetah and a Gazelle become friends at the Marwell Zoo in Hampshire
Before long they acquainted themselves by rubbing noses through the holes in the wire fence and have become the unlikeliest of friends .
These touching pictures were snapped by a visitor to Marwell Zoo , Hants , where the placid pair have been keeping tourists amused .
Patrick Costello , 45 , who works in IT , was visiting the park with his wife Angela , when he saw the close encounter .
Patrick , from Portsmouth , said : ' It was very sweet and it did make everyone chuckle .
' We love watching the animals and visit the zoo often .
On this occasion we noticed these animal 's very cordial relationship .
' They had both been wandering around their enclosures and they seemed to catch each other 's eyes .
' Before we knew it , they both approached the fence and got up close and personal .
Unlikely pair :
In the wild the Dama gazelle would flee at the first sign of the lightning fast predator - but with the reassurance of a chain link fence the two have become best friends
' It 's not what you really expect to see .
They even looked like they were talking to each other .
' At first I thought the gazelle had completely lost its sense of self - preservation , but it must have known it was safe .
" They stayed there for maybe five or ten minutes before they parted ways .
' I think everyone was really surprised to see it - it 's the total opposite of what you would see in the wild . '
Bill Hall , animal information officer at Marwell Zoo , said : ' Animals can be curious about each other .
' When you see situations like this you do think to yourself " What are they doing that for ? " but it does happen .
' Normally the cheetah would be a lot more alert and interested in the gazelle as dinner , and the gazelle would realise it should keep out of the way .
' But if the cheetah was in a relaxed mood and had just been fed , it would be a lot more patient .
' The gazelle was probably thinking ' I 've never seen a cheetah up close before , this is my opportunity . '
While it long ago crossed the borders of reason and civility , the hysteria over healthcare reform is -- at some level -- understandable , because wellness and infirmity are really just stand - ins for those most terrifying of issues , life and death .
But there is no similar way to rationalize the bizarre controversy now raging over President Obama ’s plan to deliver a brief televised address on Tuesday to the nation ’s grammar school children .
According to Secretary of Education Arne Duncan , Obama will “ challenge students to work hard , set educational goals and take responsibility for their learning .
He will also call for a shared responsibility and commitment on the part of students , parents and educators to ensure that every child in every school receives the best education possible so they can compete in the global economy for good jobs and live rewarding and productive lives as American citizens . ”
Sounds innocuous .
Who , after all , could be against good study habits , personal responsibility and productive lives ?
As it turns out , quite a number of people who seem to believe that Obama intends to induct their children into -- well , it ’s not quite clear what they ’re afraid of .
The Web and talk radio are abuzz with various attempts to organize a boycott of Tuesday ’s speech .
One group is urging parents to demand that their children be excused from watching the president and be sent instead to the school library to read the Founding Fathers .
( The theory , one supposes , is that a good dose of the Federalist Papers will inoculate the young against Obama ’s attempts to subvert the republic through good grades . )
Advertisement
On Wednesday , Fox News devoted a substantial portion of one of its prime - time newscasts to a discussion of whether Obama is , in fact , trying to seduce schoolchildren to some darkly obscure personal agenda .
The sole guest , a spokesman for the libertarian Cato Institute , reported that “ we ’ve gotten a lot of calls from people asking , ‘ How do I keep my child from being indoctrinated ? ’ ”
On Thursday , Jim Greer , chairman of the Florida Republican Party , accused the president of attempting to “ indoctrinate America ’s children to his socialist agenda . ”
According to Greer , “ the idea that schoolchildren across our nation will be forced to watch the president justify his plans for government - run healthcare , banks and automobile companies , increasing taxes on those who create jobs , and racking up more debt than any other president , is not only infuriating but goes against the beliefs of the majority of Americans , while bypassing American parents through an invasive abuse of power . ”
Anxiety over the speech seems particularly high in Texas , where many districts are offering parents involved in the boycott movement the option of taking their children out of class .
( Whoever thought we ’d see Texas treat advocacy of personal responsibility like sex education ? )
The irony was n’t lost on everybody in the state .
Puzzled Texas education officials told the Houston Chronicle that students often watch presidential speeches broadcast during school hours and that , in 1989 , President George H.W.
Bush specifically spoke to students about drug abuse .
“ It ’s hard to imagine anything more ridiculous than attacking the president of the United States for talking to students about the importance of getting a good education and being a good citizen , ” said Kathy Miller , president of a statewide school monitoring group .
“ I wish our elected leaders were responsible enough to denounce this kind of wild - eyed paranoia .
But the problem is too many of them are actually feeding this kind of nonsense -- like when the governor flirts with secessionists and state Board of Education members say the president sympathizes with terrorists . ”
Advertisement
Miller has identified precisely the process at work in the healthcare hysteria and , increasingly , elsewhere where the GOP thinks it can shove the Obama administration into a ditch .
Republican officials such as the Florida state chairman are playing a dangerous game with an unhinged segment of public opinion that regards Obama not as an elected official with whom they disagree , but as an illegitimate usurper of the presidency .
That paranoid fantasy is what ’s really behind the “ birther ” movement and the allegations that the president is -- take your pick -- a secret Marxist or a secret Muslim .
It ’s the kind of fanciful anxiety that produces comments like this , posted on a conservative website this week : “ Barack Obama and his left - wing Chicago machine regime are putting into place laws and institutions which will insure that there will never again be free elections in America . ”
These are the people who are stockpiling ammunition and keeping their children at home next Tuesday .
Advertisement
--
timothy.rutten@latimes.com
[ / caption ]
Jupiter ’s gravity well has been known to capture objects – evidenced by the recent impact on the gas giant discovered by amateur astronomer Anthony Wesley .
But one object captured by Jupiter in the mid 1900 ’s was later able to escape from the planet ’s clutches .
Researchers have found comet 147P / Kushida - Muramatsu was captured as a temporary moon of Jupiter , and remained trapped in an irregular orbit for about twelve years .
“ Our results demonstrate some of the routes taken by cometary bodies through interplanetary space that can allow them either to enter or to escape situations where they are in orbit around the planet Jupiter , ” said team member Dr. David Archer .
With this discovery , five such objects have now been discovered where the phenomenon of temporary satellite capture ( TSC ) has occurred , but this new research suggests it might happen more frequently than was expected .
Kushida - Muramatsu orbited Jupiter between 1949 and 1961 , the third longest capture period of the five objects .
An international team led by Dr. Katsuhito Ohtsuka modeled the trajectories of 18 “ quasi - Hilda comets , ” objects with the potential to go through a temporary satellite capture by Jupiter that results in them either leaving or joining the “ Hilda ” group of objects in the asteroid belt .
Most of the cases of temporary capture were flybys , where the comets did not complete a full orbit .
However , the research team used recent observations tracking Kushida - Muramatsu over nine years to calculate hundreds of possible orbital paths for the comet over the previous century .
In all scenarios , Kushida - Muramatsu completed two full revolutions of Jupiter .
“ Asteroids and comets can sometimes be distorted or fragmented by tidal effects induced by the gravitational field of a capturing planet , or may even impact with the planet , ” said Archer , as did comet D/1993 F2 ( Shoemaker - Levy 9 ) , which was torn apart on passing close to Jupiter and whose fragments then collided with that planet in 1994 .
Previous computational studies have shown that Shoemaker - Levy 9 may well have been a quasi-Hilda comet before its capture by Jupiter .
The object that impacted with Jupiter this July , causing a new dark spot may also have been a member of this class , even if it did not suffer tidal disruption like Shoemaker - Levy .
“ Our work has become very topical again with the discovery this July of an expanding debris plume , created by the dust from the colliding object , which is the evident signature of an impact .
The results of our study suggest that impacts on Jupiter and temporary satellite capture events may happen more frequently than we previously expected , ” said Asher .
The team has also confirmed a future moon of Jupiter .
Comet 111P / Helin-Roman -Crockett , which has already orbited Jupiter three times between 1967 and 1985 , is due to complete six laps of the giant planet between 2068 and 2086 .
“ Fortunately for us Jupiter , as the most massive planet with the greatest gravity , sucks objects towards it more readily than other planets and we expect to observe large impacts there more often than on Earth .
Comet Kushida - Muramatsu has escaped from the giant planet and will avoid the fate of Shoemaker - Levy 9 for the foreseeable future , ” said Asher .
The discovery was be presented at the European Planetary Science Congress in Potsdam .
Source : Europlanet
Ozone , Nitrogen Change the Way Rising CO2 Affects Earth's Water
Water continually circulates from the ocean to the atmosphere to the land and back again to the ocean , as shown here in an interactive illustration of the basic “ hydrological ” , or water , cycle .
In his study , Felzer shows the influence that CO2 , nitrogen and ozone exposure also have on this cycle , factors often overlooked when considering the origins of and changes in runoff beyond those caused by rain and climate .
Credit : NASA JPL - Global Climate Change
Gretchen Cook - Anderson and Mike Carlowicz
NASA Earth Science News Team
Through a recent modeling experiment , a team of NASA - funded researchers have found that future concentrations of carbon dioxide and ozone in the atmosphere and of nitrogen in the soil are likely to have an important but overlooked effect on the cycling of water from sky to land to waterways .
The researchers concluded that models of climate change may be underestimating how much water is likely to run off the land and back into the sea as atmospheric chemistry changes .
Runoff may be as much as 17 percent higher in forests of the eastern United States when models account for changes in soil nitrogen levels and atmospheric ozone exposure .
" Failure to consider the effects of nitrogen limitation and ozone on photosynthesis can lead us to underestimate regional runoff , " said Benjamin Felzer , an ecosystem modeler at Lehigh University in Bethlehem , Pa . " More runoff could mean more contamination and flooding of our waterways .
It could also mean fewer droughts than predicted for some areas and more water available for human consumption and farming .
Either way , water resource managers need more accurate runoff estimates to plan better for the changes .
" Felzer and colleagues from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in Cambridge and the Marine Biology Laboratory in Woods Hole , Mass. , published their findings recently in the Journal of Geophysical Research – Biogeosciences .
Plants play a significant role in Earth ’s water cycle , regulating the amount of water cycling through land ecosystems and how long it stays there .
Plants draw in water from the atmosphere and soil , and they discharge it naturally through transpiration , the tail end of photosynthesis when water vapor and oxygen are released into the air .
The amount of water that plants give up depends on how much carbon dioxide is present in the atmosphere .
Studies have shown that despite a global drop in rainfall over land in the past 50 years , runoff has actually increased .
Other studies have shown that increasing CO2 is changing how plant " pores , " or stomata , discharge water .
With elevated CO2 levels , leaf pores contract and sometimes close to conserve internal water reserves .
This " stomatal conductance " response increases water use efficiency and reduces the rate of transpiration .
Plants that release less water also take less of it from the environment .
With less water being taken up by plants , more water is available for groundwater or runs off the land surface into lakes , streams , and rivers .
Along the way , it accumulates excess nutrients and pollutants before emptying into waterways , where it affects the health of fish , algae , and shellfish and contaminate drinking water and beaches .
Excess runoff can also contribute to flooding .
Sometimes rising CO2 has the opposite effect , Felzer noted , promoting vegetation growth by increasing the rate of photosynthesis .
More plant growth can lead to a thicker canopy of leaves with increased transpiration and less runoff .
However , this effect has been shown to be smaller than the effect of reduced stomatal conductance .
Aware of these cycles , Felzer and colleagues used theoretical models to project various future scenarios for the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and what it would mean to the changing water cycle in forests east of the Mississippi River .
They found that runoff would increase anywhere from 3 to 6 percent depending on location and the amount of the increase in CO2 .
Felzer and colleagues also examined the role of two other variables -- atmospheric ozone and soil - based nitrogen -- in the changing water cycle .
Excess ground - level ozone harms the cells responsible for photosynthesis .
Reductions in photosynthesis leads to less transpiration and cycling of water through leaves and more water added to runoff .
In most boreal and temperate forests , the rate of photosynthesis is also limited by the availability of nutrients such as nitrogen in the soil .
The less nitrogen in the soil , the slower their rate of photosynthesis and transpiration .
"
The increase in runoff is even larger when nitrogen is limited and environments are exposed to high ozone levels , " said Felzer .
In fact , the team found an additional 7 to 10 percent rise in runoff when nitrogen was limited and ozone exposure increased .
" Though this study focuses on Eastern U.S. forests , we know nitrogen and ozone effects are also important in South America and Europe .
One region has seen a net increase and the other a net runoff reduction , " said co-author Adam Schlosser of the Center for Global Change Science at MIT .
" Our environment and quality of life depend on less uncertainty on this front . "
It ’s a common lament in America that we spend too much time working for “ the man . ”
But these days , more and more of us are the man .
According to the Census , more than 10 million Americans are self - employed , up from about 8 million in 1980 .
Even more telling , the number of “ non-employer firms ” — businesses with no payroll — recently topped 20 million , up from 15 million in the late 1990s .
A lot of people with jobs also have businesses on the side they hope will become big enough to support them .
And so the term “ boss ” today applies to a lot more of us than ever before .
If you have 6 million bosses in companies across the country , and 10 million self - employed , then out of 145 million people working , roughly one in 10 can be said to be the boss .
No wonder Michael Scott of “ The Office ” — who at least is the boss of his own domain — is the center of workplace satire today , rather than lunch - bucket stiffs like Archie Bunker or Mary Tyler Moore .
As bosses , we are the chief executives of billions of dollars of value , even if it ’s just a sideline , a startup or not yet fully formed .
If the U.K. is a nation of shopkeepers , the U.S. is a nation of consultants .
Americans who run their own businesses do everything from construction to financial services to agriculture , but by far the biggest industry for self - employment is “ professional and business services . ”
The trends up to 2007 are clear — as family farming and mom and pop storefronts declined , professional services , construction , and financial services were on the rise .
These growing areas were particularly hit by the economic crisis .
The self - employed have tended , historically , to be older , male and white , although that ’s changing .
Between 1976 and 2003 , the percentage of self - employed workers who are women jumped to 39 % from 27 % .
The self - employed are also over - represented at the bottom and top of the income and education curves , which underscores the risk / reward nature of running your own business and is one of the reasons that entrepreneurship has been so valued in American culture .
Overall , small businesses make up 55 % percent of all jobs , and account for 54 % of America ’s sales .
Back when family farming was a major American enterprise , a greater percentage of American workers were self - employed .
But in recent decades , with the growth of corporations , Americans have tended to want to join the ranks of established companies .
Now , a microtrend of folks is choosing the opposite .
Some of them are doing it because they want to ; others , like laid - off lawyers , are doing it because this economy has left them no choice .
Click Here !
Capital - intensive businesses may be hard to launch right now — banks are still very nervous about lending , even to savvy startups — but 21st - century economic entrepreneurial building blocks are widely available .
Office space is plentiful and cheap .
So are college graduates .
For a couple thousand dollars , you can incorporate , design and trademark a logo , launch a Web site , and set up your own email domain .
Yes , at the moment , people have a little less money to spend on whatever you ’re selling , but in some ways , it ’s never been easier to lay the foundation for a business and to be ready to soar when the market picks up .
The implications of America ’s growing number of bosses are significant .
Some are psychological :
For all the depressing economic news out there , Americans are not destined to be helplessly buffeted about .
Our entrepreneurial spirit is alive and well — even if stoked somewhat by fear , as well as ambition .
Rather than cowering , some people are trying to moonlight , freelance and start - up in ways they would n’t have had the motivation to before .
Of course , along with more entrepreneurship comes more questions about government regulations and red tape .
Entrepreneurs have to fill out all those forms , while employees tend to be shielded from the full extent of it .
Another implication of Boss Nation is that the more people who work for themselves , the more pressure there will be on policymakers to figure out non-employer - based health insurance .
In one recent survey , 45 % of currently employed workers who said they would not consider working as free agents said that at least one reason was health insurance .
Change that hurdle , and our entrepreneurial spirit may really fly .
An independent workforce also has huge implications for family life .
When more people work for themselves , a good portion of them , at least initially , are going to work from home .
That can sometimes be stressful but can also save commuting time and increase time with the kids .
But when you are the boss at work , it is also tempting to want to be the boss at home , which can lead to domestic friction .
Look also for a surge in home - office deductions .
What used to be a quirky provision in the tax code for the occasional dentist or psychologist who would set up a separate shop entrance in his house is now in line to become a standard entrepreneurship tool — complete with minutely fractional allocations for electric , heating and home - repair expenses .
And do not underestimate the new entrepreneur ’s need for technical support services .
Whether you ’re selling financial advice , carpentry or hand - knit bikinis , you need a full suite of small business supports , from how to track accounts receivable to how to insure that first employee who ’s driving your “ company ” car .
Geek Squad has the right idea , but if the number of entrepreneurs continues to grow , the demand will go well beyond virus protection and printer installation and into the realm of Small - Business - Mentors - in - a - Box .
So amid all this economic darkness , one shining light , I believe , will be the resurgence of entrepreneurial spirit , bringing out the inner boss in all of us .
Via Wall Street Journal
Florida 's public alligator hunt is underway , and the nighttime pursuit of trophy - sized specimens in the muggy marshlands is challenging and often unproductive .
But Arianne Prevost of Satellite Beach was in the right place at the right time , and with the right people on Tuesday night during her first - ever gator hunt , as she used a crossbow to bag an 11 - footer weighing perhaps 450 pounds .
Her company during the Central Florida adventure included Peter Deeks and Robert Rohmann , who run Native Sons Outfitters .
Deeks said in an interview that they 'd previously scouted the St. Johns River marshlands and , while camouflaged , had staked out an area where they figured the big reptile would swim by .
At about 9 p.m. , Prevost placed two perfect shots from 10 to 15 feet and dispatched the alligator with a broadhead shot at close range .
Deeks said they assumed , based on the size of the gator 's head , it would measure 14 feet .
But he still labeled the prize a trophy .
Prevost , who is dating Rohmann , said she will harvest the meat and have the head mounted .
An archery hunter with two years experience , Prevost told Florida Today : " I can't seem to kill a deer , but I can kill an 11 - foot alligator . "
-- Pete Thomas
Photo : Arianne Prevost poses with 11 - foot alligator she bagged with a crossbow during Florida 's public alligator hunt .
Credit : Peter Deeks
$ 150 ?
To help you set up your Facebook account ?
A father in eastern India gave away his teenage daughter to a fellow gambler after he lost a card game , with police launching a hunt to retrieve the girl .
Ismail Sheikh , from a village in West Bengal , used his 18 - year - old daughter as a stake after he lost all his money , The Times of India said on Sunday ( local time ) .
" Ismail lost the game again and Mustafa walked away with the girl , " said Satyajit Bandhopadhyay , a senior police officer investigating the case .
The girl protested but the victorious Mustafa dragged her out of the village , the report said .
Family members were quoted as saying the father was a compulsive gambler with a drink problem and they had thrown him out the house after losing the teenager .
Gambling is illegal in India but thousands of underground dens operate , attracting poor villagers who hope to make a quick buck .
- AFP
Last year , to commemorate the release of Firefox 3.0 , I posted a heavily - annotated copy of Code Rush — the commercially - unavailable documentary from 2000 about the open - sourcing of the Netscape code base and the beginning of the Mozilla project .
Shortly afterwards , I interviewed Code Rush director David Winton about the film , who asked that I take the video offline while he decided what to do with it .
Last week , he made a decision .
I ’m happy to say that Code Rush is now released under the Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 3.0 license .
Winton and his colleague John Koten set up a dedicated homepage for the film , with links to stream or download the film in various formats .
They ’re encouraging everyone to use the documentary in new ways , remixing or reusing the footage for any non-commercial use .
In particular , I ’d imagine the Mozilla Foundation should be very happy that they can finally use this historic footage of their origins .
Thanks to the new license , I ’m able to put my annotated version of the film back up on Viddler .
I ’ve embedded it below .
Best of all , David Winton ’s announced that they ’re planning on digitizing the original interview footage and making them available .
“ We are still working to get our hands on a digital Beta deck to digitize the original dailies , but hope to get up and running in a couple months . ”
If you can help them out , get in touch .
Update ( August 6 ) : I just discovered that unreleased footage from the documentary is being added to Archive.org .
Realizan diligencias en las instalaciones de la disquera en Polanco y Tlalnepantla , tras una demanda de Alejandro Fern�ndez por el delito contra la propiedad industrial y derechos de autor
AVERIGUACI�N
Los temas in�ditos que integran estos dos discos son producto de canciones que �El Potrillo� decidi� no se incluyeran en producciones pasadas , en aquellas lanzadas por Sony Music .
( Foto : EFE / archivo )
Ciudad de M�xico | Viernes 04 de septiembre de 2009
Gustavo Silva | El Universal
00:10
A devout Catholic who popped into church to thank God for a his rescue from a lift was crushed to death by a 860 lb stone altar , the Telegraph reports .
Police spokesman Roman Hahslinger explained that Gunther Link , 45 , was " a very religious man and had been scared when he was trapped in the lift and had prayed for release " .
He continued : " A short while later he was pulled out of the elevator and he went straight to the church to thank God . "
Link was reported missing by his cousin , and found the next day by parishioners going to Mass at the Weinhaus Church in Vienna .
Hahslinger concluded : " He seems to have embraced a stone pillar on which the stone altar was perched and it fell on him , killing him instantly .
We have found his fingerprints on the pillar .
We are now investigating the case further . " ®
Here 's a video for a song from a new children 's album by They Might Be Giants that I find to be a bit more sad than anything :
It 's a bit sad because of the current state of affairs that leads to songs like this being created .
Personally , I 'm very glad that I never had to be convinced that science was real while growing up ; it was simply something that was there .
The first thing I wanted to be while growing up was a paleontologist ( and astronomer ) , and at the same time our house was full of religious and mythological books , from the Bible ( including apocryphal books ) to the Book of the Dead to Arthurian legends , etc. , and it was n't until the advent of the internet that I realized that there were people out there that actually pitted the two against each other .
The idea of children being brought up trained to see religion and science in political terms from a very young age is what makes this video a bit sad .
I 've often noted that perhaps one reason why science has become so politicized is due to the fact that Latin is n't taught as much as it was a century ago , and few know that it simply comes from the Latin scientia , meaning knowledge .
Many other languages reflect this too , such as :
German : Wissenschaft ( wissen = know )
Norwegian : Vitenskap ( vite = know )
Turkish : Bilim ( bilmek = know )
Estonian : Teadus ( teadma = know )
One interesting proposal for a word to use in place of science ( it'll never happen , but still interesting ) is the word lore .
It 's hard to argue against a word like that , and all of a sudden some of the more eccentric sounding branches of scientific knowledge become that much clearer to the average person - aerology becomes skylore , biology becomes lifelore , economics is wealthlore , eschatology is endtimelore , geology is stonelore , neurology is brainlore , and dendrology becomes treelore .
Not all the terms on that list are that clear ( and some are weird ) but overall it 's a list of terms that hits much closer to home for the average English speaker in the 21st century .
German is one of the best examples of why science does n't really need fanciful terminology - we have hydrogen in English , but Einstein did just fine calling hydrogen Wasserstoff ( waterstuff ) .
I do n't know if there are any studies out there that prove this , but my hunch is that a terminology that is more comprehensible to the average person is also likely to create a more scientifically literate community , while more obscure terminology is likely to make science seem like an ivory tower type of subject when it 's really just a method for testing and proving hypotheses , and gradually increasing one 's understanding of the universe .
Bill Watterson explained this best .
" The European Parliament expresses its gratitude to the members who , throughout their term of office , have placed their talents and their commitment at the service citizens and the European project , " declared the text .
( Screenshot of Exaile 0.3.0a3 )
Last.fm cover support
Autodetection of cds and media players
An optional shiny new context panel , like that of Amarok 1.x
Experimental support for gapless ( must be enabled in prefs )
New artwork throughout exaile
A librivox plugin
UI has been improved in several places
and more !
download Exaile source code from
Update : Ubuntu Jaunty packages are ready , so to install Exaile 0.3.0 , open a terminal and paste the following commands :
sudo sh -c " echo ' deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/exaile-devel/ppa/ubuntu jaunty main ' >> /etc/apt/sources.list " sudo apt - key adv -- keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com -- recv-keys 43CBFCC0 sudo apt - get update & sudo apt - get install exaile
If you use Ubuntu Karmic ( 9.10 ) , just replace Jaunty in the first command above , with Karmic
You cansource code from here .
There is also a PPA for Exaile , but currently only the Ubuntu Karmic packages are available . , so to install Exaile 0.3.0 , open a terminal and paste the following commands :
If you use Ubuntu Karmic ( 9.10 ) , just replace Jaunty in the first command above , with Karmic
If you wish to download the latest development code , you can type the following :
bzr checkout lp:exaile
and to update it :
By Nick Higham
BBC News
Inventor Trevor Baylis has written to Lord Mandelson
A major British inventor is calling for a change in the law to strengthen protection against those who try to steal ideas .
Trevor Baylis , who invented the wind - up radio , has written to the business secretary urging him to criminalise the theft of intellectual property .
The move would involve a fundamental change to the law on patents .
Currently , inventors have to sue those they believe have stolen their idea through the civil courts .
Patent process
Inventors who want to stop others copying their ideas can go to the UK Intellectual Property Office ( formerly the Patent Office ) and take out a patent .
But that 's expensive for lone inventors without corporate backing : among other costs , the services of a specialised patent attorney can set an applicant back £ 2,500 or more .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
Send us your comments
And patents enjoy protection only under civil law : a patent - holder who believes their idea has been ripped off must themselves sue for compensation through the civil courts .
" If I was to nick your car , which is worth £ 10,000 , say , I could go to jail , " Trevor Baylis told the BBC .
" But if I were to nick your patent , which is worth a million pounds , you 'd have to sue me .
" And if I was a colossal company , or indeed another country , that had stolen your invention , how could you find a million pounds a day to take me to court ? "
The answer , he says , is to make stealing a patent a criminal offence - just as it's already a criminal offence to steal copyright from creative people like authors and musicians .
That way the state , not the individual inventor , would bear the costs of going to court .
" I believe that theft of intellectual property rights should be treated as a white collar crime , " he says in a letter to Business Secretary Lord Mandelson .
" I believe that UK plc should stand behind those courageous individuals whose ideas can change all our lives both commercially and socially . "
Honest , decent people running reputable businesses infringe patents .
They might not know the patent exists , or their patent attorney might have told them it was invalid or not infringed
Member of Chartered Institute of Patent Attorneys Mr Baylis , who lives in an eccentric house - cum - workshop which he built himself on Eel Pie Island , in the middle of the River Thames off Twickenham , says he has the support of the Federation of Small Businesses , the Institution of Mechanical Engineers and of his local MP , the Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable .
In 2002 Mr Cable introduced a private member 's bill which increased the penalties for copyright theft from a maximum of two years to 10 years imprisonment .
Mr Cable told BBC
News : " There is n't the protection that exists in other areas of intellectual property .
" If people steal ideas from creative artists , you can go to prison for that .
But patent theft is just part of life . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
But the defenders of the present system say changing the law may not be the right answer .
Patents can be extremely complex things and the criminal law is simply too blunt an instrument to use when disputes arise .
Peter Jackson is a fellow of the Chartered Institute of Patent Attorneys .
" First of all you 've got to decide whether the patent covers the thing properly " , he says .
" And having done that you 've got to decide whether what the alleged infringer is up to falls within that strict wording .
" That can take days and weeks and months of deliberation by highly skilled lawyers , and I 'm not sure the criminal system is well - suited to that kind of action . "
Other members of the institute are more forthright .
One calls the idea of criminalising patent infringement " barking mad " .
Another says the parallel with copyright protection is not as close as it might appear : " Patent infringement is not remotely like flogging knock - off CDs .
" Honest , decent people running reputable businesses infringe patents .
They might not know the patent exists , or their patent attorney might have told them it was invalid or not infringed . "
And patent attorneys say criminalisation might have a " chilling " effect on innovation , by forcing a patent - holder 's rivals to " play safe " for fear of committing a criminal offence .
Instead they point to the mediation service run by the Intellectual Property Office as an alternative to costly legal action .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
At first glance , this city of 45,000 looks like so many others , a spiral of ranch homes , shopping centers and chain stores .
But to healthcare reformers , Grand Junction , Colo. , is the land of innovation -- a place that provides high - quality healthcare at a fraction of the regular price .
The local HMO offers prenatal care to all women in the county .
Doctors evaluate themselves partly on the cost - effectiveness of treatments they prescribe .
Nurses often check on patients home from the hospital to help prevent relapses .
With President Obama set to hold a town hall here Saturday , many experts hope Grand Junction will offer lessons to the rest of the country .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a great example for the nation , ” said Len Nichols , a healthcare economist at the centrist New America Foundation in Washington , D.C. , who co-wrote a paper released this week on the area ’s record .
“ They have managed to contain the natural impulses of excessive competition and the medical arms race .
. . .
Everybody ’s looking into this . ”
According to Dartmouth University researchers , Grand Junction ’s cost of $ 5,873 per Medicare patient in 2006 , the most recent data available , is about 30 % below the national average .
By contrast , the cost per patient in Los Angeles is $ 10,810 .
Grand Junction , the researchers found , is the sixth - cheapest community in the nation , with Honolulu registering as the most cost - effective and Miami the most expensive .
Depending on the point of view , Grand Junction embodies some of the principles outlined by Obama in his bid to rein in healthcare costs -- such as promoting preventive care -- or shows what can be done without government intervention .
Advertisement
Unlike in most communities , where doctors are paid less for Medicaid patients than insured ones , physicians here agreed among themselves to charge a little less for regular patients and a little more for Medicaid patients .
That way doctors would be happy to treat all comers .
“ In effect , we created a community health system , ” said Steve ErkenBrack , president of Rocky Mountain Health Plans .
Some locals are skeptical of all the attention .
Dr. James Schroeder , a pediatric cardiologist , wrote a column in the Grand Junction Free Press criticizing the focus on the city as low - cost medical paradise .
Schroeder argued that the emphasis on the efficiency pointed to a narrow - minded way of evaluating healthcare that he feared the president was pushing on the nation .
Advertisement
“ Doctors and patients make decisions every single day based on peoples ’ spirit , desires , values , individual preferences and all those other things that are so difficult to measure and regulate , ” Schroeder wrote .
But , according to some experts , Grand Junction chalks up some impressive statistics .
Only 12 % of Medicare patients required readmission 30 days after a hospital visit , as opposed to the nationwide rate of 20 % .
Children on Medicaid in the HMO are four times as likely as other Colorado Medicaid children to receive all immunization treatment -- and adults on Medicaid were up to 10 times as likely to get comprehensive diabetes care .
Grand Junction is a beneficiary of its location and history .
Sitting on the vast red-rock Colorado Plateau , 245 miles west of Denver and 285 miles southeast of Salt Lake City , the town learned long ago to be self - sufficient .
So in 1974 , when its doctors were struggling to get reimbursed by Medicaid , they decided to take matters into their own hands .
Advertisement
The doctors formed a nonprofit HMO , called Rocky Mountain Health Plans .
They grouped together in a physicians association and contracted with the HMO .
Crucially , in the 1980s , when most HMOs became for - profit , RMHP kept its nonprofit status .
“ We feel like we have support from our health insurance company , ” said Dr. Michael Pramenko .
When the company makes decisions on what can be covered , “ we know they ’re making decisions for the community , rather than shareholders who live 2,000 miles away . ”
Because of RMHP ’s vast market share -- about 40 % of residents here and in surrounding Mesa County -- it has been able to embark on aggressively proactive initiatives .
Advertisement
For example , officials realized that many women in surrounding agricultural towns never got prenatal care ; excessive numbers of newborns needed intensive , and expensive , care .
The cost - saving solution : The HMO provides free prenatal services .
In another initiative , the HMO routinely sends nurses and therapists on home visits after patients are discharged from the hospital .
That innovation has saved costs and improved lives .
A case in point is Mabel Oakes .
The 94 - year - old Oakes was briefly hospitalized after she fell in her retirement home last month and severely hurt her arm , the latest of several spills .
On Thursday , therapist Pam Gibbons prepared to lead Oakes through a series of exercises to help her stand and sit .
Advertisement
“ I ’ve got to get in that wheelchair ? ”
Oakes asked in disbelief .
Gibbons nodded and Oakes slowly stood from her recliner , pivoted and sat in the chair -- then launched into a series of leg lifts .
Oakes ’ daughter , Patricia Price , said she was relieved her mother could get in - home help .
“ Taking her someplace else , ” she said , “ is impossible . ”
And as Gibbons noted , keeping Oakes in a skilled - nursing facility would be more expensive .
In partnership with the two hospitals in town , RMHP also opened a clinic where uninsured patients can seek low - cost treatment .
This keeps them from clogging emergency rooms for routine problems .
Advertisement
The HMO and doctors group collaborated on the creation of an online medical database to track anyone treated in Grand Junction .
This , too , saves money .
Physicians no longer have to wait days for medical charts to arrive from a hospital .
It also prevents them from performing tests already administered elsewhere .
“ The interesting thing about healthcare , ” ErkenBrack said , “ is quality costs less . ”
Dr. Jonathan Skinner , one of the Dartmouth researchers , said that efficiency in healthcare delivery can lead to better results for patients .
Many of the procedures that drive up medical costs , such as surgeries , are traumatic and may not actually improve a patient ’s condition , he said .
But the existing reimbursement - based healthcare system rewards large amounts of expensive activity .
Advertisement
“ We end up punishing places like Grand Junction , ” Skinner said .
“ What kind of reward do you get for trying to rationalize the system ?
Much less money . ”
Even Grand Junction ’s boosters acknowledge that some of the factors that make their system work may not be transferable elsewhere , from its small - town feel to its physically fit population .
But experts argue that the town still holds lessons for expensive metropolitan areas .
Nichols , the healthcare economist , said many Grand Junction innovations , such as higher payments for Medicaid , could be emulated in places like Los Angeles .
For years , Grand Junction ’s health system was something of a Colorado secret .
“ You just do n’t get that many complaints out there , ” said Alfred Gilchrist , chief executive of the Colorado Medical Society , a statewide physicians group .
Advertisement
The national spotlight arrived in June , when the New Yorker magazine singled out McAllen , Texas , as one of the most expensive places for healthcare in the U.S.
It cited Grand Junction as a counter - example of how to provide quality healthcare affordably .
Although the White House says Obama ’s visit is n’t tied to healthcare , the president ordered his aides to read the article .
In Colorado , the local Democratic congressman , John T. Salazar , invited Obama to visit .
And calls began coming in from around the country , asking Grand Junction to reveal its secret .
--
nicholas.riccardi@latimes.com
That sounds like a big claim .
Who 's making it ?
Not some scary Chicken Littles in the Daily Kos diaries .
Not some Doomer site .
Not wacked - out gold bugs .
Not Ron Paul .
This claim is being made by a consortium of the world 's biggest and most powerful banks .
What 's the secret they do n't want you to know ?
It all starts here :
In November of last year , the Bloomberg news organization sued the Federal Reserve bank of the United States .
The goal of the suit was to force the Fed to disclose information on the alphabet soup of lending programs it created in 2008 to help prop up Wall St. banks :
Bloomberg News asked a U.S. court today to force the Federal Reserve to disclose securities the central bank is accepting on behalf of American taxpayers as collateral for $ 1.5 trillion of loans to banks .
The lawsuit is based on the U.S. Freedom of Information Act , which requires federal agencies to make government documents available to the press and the public , according to the complaint .
The suit , filed in New York , does n't seek money damages .
" The American taxpayer is entitled to know the risks , costs and methodology associated with the unprecedented government bailout of the U.S. financial industry , " said Matthew Winkler , the editor - in - chief of Bloomberg News , a unit of New York - based Bloomberg LP , in an e-mail .
The suit sought to reveal which banks were getting which part of the $ 1.5 trillion dollars and what assets the banks were putting up as collateral for the loans .
The Federal Reserve fought the case and ...
They lost it :
The Federal Reserve must for the first time identify the companies in its emergency lending programs after losing a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit .
Manhattan Chief U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska ruled against the central bank yesterday , rejecting the argument that loan records are n’t covered by the law because their disclosure would harm borrowers ’ competitive positions .
The Fed has refused to name the financial firms it lent to or disclose the amounts or the assets put up as collateral under 11 programs , most put in place during the deepest financial crisis since the Great Depression , saying that doing so might set off a run by depositors and unsettle shareholders .
Bloomberg LP , the New York - based company majority - owned by Mayor Michael Bloomberg , sued on Nov. 7 on behalf of its Bloomberg News unit .
The Federal Reserve has to identify the companies to whom it gave the $ 1.5 trillion dollars and it has to list the assets used as collateral for the so - called " loans . "
The Federal Reserve says that this might " unsettle shareholders . "
OH MY GOD NO , NOT THE SHAREHOLDERS , NOT OUR PRECIOOUSSS SHAREHOLDERS !
Apparently , that is the standard these days .
And since when has the government felt obligated to protect the share prices of certain private businesses over others ?
Is that role in the Constitution somewhere ?
Anyway , an industry group representing the biggest and most powerful banks on the globe , including British , French , Dutch and German as well as American banks , have issued a warning about the disclosure :
If you tell who got the $ 1.5 tril , you 're gonna destroy the world financial system .
The secret is just that big .
( Note that I 'm linking to Zero Hedge here , not because I endorse the editorial theme of the blog at all , but because they are the only place I could find that carries the original document in toto . )
The world might " get destroyed . "
But we 've also got to have access to this information .
For the simple reason that , if we do n't , we 're going to see a repeat of this in a couple of years with even bigger numbers , bigger handouts from the Fed and the Treasury , bigger payouts to Wall St. executives and other insiders ...
And even bigger secrets that the public can never know .
Guardian
Iran ’s police chief admitted yesterday that protesters who were arrested after June ’s disputed presidential election had been tortured while in custody in a prison in south - west Tehran .
But he denied that any of the detainees had died as a result .
General Ismail Ahmadi Moghaddam said the head of the Kahrizak detention centre had been dismissed and jailed .
“ Three policemen who beat detainees have been jailed as well , ” the official IRNA news agency quoted Moghaddam as saying .
( Emphasis mine )
In fact , Iranians did die in prison and more are in danger of dying .
Iranian citizens , some just children , were systematically arrested and tortured to extract confessions , which — as we are finally beginning to understand in America — is exactly the point of torture : to extract a confession .
Any confession .
It is a form of punishment , not interrogation .
Iran is entering a process of grief now .
More details will get out , no matter how severe the government ’s control of media .
They will spread by word - of - mouth if need be .
With each new revelation , the Supreme Leader and his President take another blow to their legitimacy .
The Green Revolution is not over ; in fact , it has barely begun .
PoemTalk Podcast # 34 , discussing Olson's Maximus poems , July 26 , 2010
Listen to the complete recording and read program notes for the episode at Jacket2 .
Studio Recording at Black Mountain College , made by Robert Creeley c. 1954 , first issued as a record
The Songs of Maximus ( 3:15 ) : MP3
Song 1 ( 0:40 ) : MP3
Song 2 ( 0:23 ) : MP3
Song 3 ( 1:16 ) : MP3
Song 4 ( 0:36 ) : MP3
Song 5 ( 0:10 ) : MP3
Song 6 ( 0:06 ) : MP3
The Kingfishers ( 8:01 ) : MP3
The Kingfishers 1 ( 1:20 ) : MP3
The Kingfishers 2 ( 1:24 ) : MP3
The Kingfishers 3 ( 1:30 ) : MP3
The Kingfishers 4 ( 1:38 ) : MP3
The Kingfishers II ( 2:05 ) : MP3
Complete Reading ( 11:31 ) : MP3
Selected Letters of Robert Creeley 146 ( Creeley to Duncan , September 24 , 1955 ) :
Dennie [ Denise Levertov ] had persuaded me to bring out a record Charles and I made here , a year ago , to play for him [ Mitch Goodman ] ; which we did , and clearly he was moved , by it , i.e. , he got the poems as obviously the page had never given them to him .
And spoke , then , of how it changed everything .
At San Francisco State University , 1957
From Maximus , vol . 1
I , Maximus of Gloucester , to You [ I.1 ] ( 4:01 ) : MP3 The Songs of Maximus [ I.13 - 16 ] 3:11 ) : MP3 Maximus , Letter 7 ( Marsden Hartley 's eyes ) [ I:30 - 38 ] ( 5:44 ) : MP3 Maximus , Letter 10 [ 1:45 - 51 ] ( 3:39 ) : MP3
From Maximus , vol . 2
Letter 14 ( 6:11 ) : MP3 Letter 15 ( 5:12 ) : MP3 Maximus , The Twist ( 3:40 ) : MP3 Second Century Song ( 0:30 ) : MP3 Anecdotes of the Late War ( 0:43 ) : MP3 The Love of Anat ( 0:34 ) : MP3 The O'Ryan Poems ( 3:32 ) : MP3
Christmas Tape Reading , 1957
Track 1 ( 31:05 ) : MP3
Track 2 ( 4:42 ) : MP3
Track 3 ( 14:33 ) : MP3
Track 4 ( 6:43 ) : MP3
Track 5 ( 5:08 ) : MP3
Track 6 ( 54:45 ) : MP3
Complete recording ( 1:50:12 ) : MP3
Richard Moore USA : Poetry Documentary with Denise Levertov , 1966
Reading in Boston , June 1962
Maximus to Gloucester ( 3:05 ) : MP3 So Sassafras ( 3:33 ) : MP3 Maximus to Gloucester , Letter 27 ( withheld ) ( 2:11 ) : MP3 [ TEXT ]
An Ode on Cape Ann ( 1:01 ) : MP3 from Maximus IV ( 1:02 ) : MP3 View ( 1:44 ) : MP3 Chronicles ( 1:43 ) : MP3 The Gulf of Maine ( 3:02 ) : MP3 Maximus , from Dogtown I ( 6:25 ) : MP3 Going Right Out of the Century ( 0:50 ) : MP3 Maximus , to Gloucester , Letter 15 ( 4:14 ) : MP3 A Later Note on Letter # 15 ( 1:11 ) : MP3 Letter 41 ( 1:02 ) : MP3 Maximus , from Dogtown II ( 3:36 ) : MP3 The Distance ( 2:03 ) : MP3 The Librarian ( 2:52 ) : MP3 To Gerhardt , There , Among Europe 's Things ... ( 12:52 ) text : MP3 In Cold Hell , In Thicket ( 8:12 ) : MP3 ABC ( 0:53 ) : MP3 Letter , May 2nd 1959 ( 4:13 ) : MP3
Complete Reading ( 1:08:51 ) : MP3
" Maximus to Gloucester , Letter 27 ( withheld ) " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 34 .
At Goddard College , April 12 - 14 , 1962
At the Vancouver Poetry Festival , August 16 , 1963
Maximus , from Dogtown II [ II;9 - 10 ] ( 4:18 ) : MP3 Maximus , to himself as of ' Phoenicians ' [ II : 111 ] ( 1:14 ) : MP3
Maximus to Gloucester , Letter 27 [ withheld ] [ II - 14 - 15 ] [ 1:5 - 8 ] ( 2:14 ) : MP3 , TEXT , youtube
Maximus , further on ( December 28th , 1959 ) [ II:13 ] ( 1:11 ) : MP3
The Poem ( 0:28 ) : MP3
River # 1 ( 1:19 ) : MP3
River # 2 ( 0:46 ) : MP3
Okeanos ' Dream ( 1:18 ) : MP3
The South East Wind ( 1:20 ) : MP3
I Tell You It 's Cruel ( 2:34 ) : MP3
Three Poems ( 1:45 ) : MP3
Of Old Times ( 2:12 ) : MP3
They said she went off ( 0:23 ) : MP3
A Maximus ( 2:08 ) : MP3
A coast is not the same as land ( 9:59 ) : MP3
Maximus Letter Whatever ( 2:19 ) : MP3
First Stevens Song ( 1:22 ) : MP3
Upward Choking on Dogtown ( 1:17 ) : MP3
I force the calm grey waters ( 1:08 ) : MP3
By the way into the woods ( 0:22 ) : MP3
The rock listens to itself ( 0:42 ) : MP3
Later Tyrian Business [ II:36 ] ( 1:26 ) : MP3
For Robert Duncan Who Understands ( 8:48 ) : MP3
Further Completion of Platt ( 3:58 ) : MP3
Untitled ( 1:11 ) : MP3
A Prayer ( 0:37 ) : MP3
All having breakfast ( 0:59 ) : MP3
Gee Avenue ( 0:25 ) : MP3
Where is the B. Elery ( 0:11 ) : MP3
Maximus Written to be a note to myself ( about Stevens ) ( 3:01 ) : MP3
23 School and 16 Columbia ( 2:12 ) : MP3
I Stand on Main St. ( 0:33 ) : MP3
Letter 72 ( 1:46 ) : MP3
Descartes solider in a time of religious wars ( 0:45 ) : MP3
In the interleaved almanacs of 1646 ( 1:55 ) : MP3
Of the Parsons ( 3:33 ) : MP3
The Beginnings ( 5:38 ) : MP3
Maximus at the Harbour ( 2:56 ) : MP3
2nd Century Song ( 7:10 ) : MP3
from " Fort Point section , " Maximus II [ II:83 ff ] ( 7:40 ) : MP3
from Maximus II , final poems [ II:199 - 202 ] ( 5:33 ) : MP3
The Songs of Maximus [ I.13 - 16 ] ( 6:22 ) : MP3
Maximus , to Himself ( " I have had to learn the simplest things / last ... " ) [ I:52 - 53 ] text ( 2:26 ) : MP3
The Blue Monster ( 0:57 ) : MP3
The Lordly & Isolate Satyr ( 8:38 ) : MP3
Le Bonheur ( 2:22 ) : MP3
The Charge ( 2:37 ) : MP3
Spring ( 1:16 ) : MP3
As the Dead Prey Upon Us ( 10:25 ) : MP3
Kingfishers ( 6:31 ) : MP3
Letter 3 ( " Tansy buttons ... " ) [ I:9 - 16 ] ( 8:00 ) : MP3
Complete reading ( 2:45:53 ) : MP3
" Maximus to Gloucester , Letter 27 ( withheld ) " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 34 .
At Gratwick 's Highlands , November 16 , 1963
Tape 1 of 2 ( 1:37:26 ) : MP3 Tape 2 of 2 ( 1:06:57 ) : MP3 ( recording courtesy of Robert Creeley )
USA : Poetry ( NET ) , directed by Richard Moore ( excerpts ) , Gloucester , March 12 , 1966
Includes " The Librarian " [ Collected Poems 412 - 14 ] ; video on right just the poem ( text )
Audio from these videos :
" Maximus to Gloucester , Letter 27 ( withheld ) " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 34 .
After dining with other lost Canadians the evening before I became a citizen , I found myself walking the not - so - mean streets of Ottawa alone an hour before midnight .
So I wandered into the Royal Oak , an English pub on Bank Street .
I persuaded some game locals , Austin and Rachelle , to share a toast and snap my picture in front of the Maple Leaf hanging behind the bar .
Midnight !
To gain a citizenship in one magical moment , without exertion or will , is to experience as an adult the national baptism that comes with birth .
I felt exhilarated , if a bit of a fraud .
Austin and Rachelle were exceedingly kind to me .
We exchanged cell - phone numbers .
We agreed to connect on Facebook .
We all understood that I am a thoroughgoing American , qualifying as Canadian through a weird technicality .
But they were happy for me , happy to have me .
Because they ’re Canadians , I suppose .
My first full day as a citizen turned out to be overclimactically surreal .
While arranging an interview with Jason Kenney , the minister of citizenship , immigration , and multiculturalism , I had agreed in passing that his office could point reporters toward me , an example of a newfound Canadian .
So the morning of the 17th , I discover that an article about the just - effectuated bill from the Canadian Press wire service begins and ends with the case of Will Wilkinson .
( For the first time , it is said that I have an “ American ” fiancée . )
Through Twitter , I learn that a pundit friend in D.C. has received an e‑mail from the Canadian government that mentions me by name .
I have become the exemplary lost Canadian .
I ’m vain enough to be tickled and Canadian enough to be mortified , as I tour the carefully curated office of Canada ’s first prime minister , Sir John A. Macdonald , with other lost Canadians , many of whom have waited decades for this day .
In the afternoon , I meet with Kenney to discuss the new law .
An assistant photographs us shaking hands in front of a flag .
The minister himself seems damn happy to have me .
At dinner after our first Canadian day , one of us , Dean Echenberg , a physician from California , produces his Canadian passport , which he has managed to secure on the first possible day .
We pass it around the table and marvel .
It is real .
I return to Iowa with a Maple Leaf pin on my backpack .
I give my American fiancée her present : a ridiculous action figure of Macdonald , complete with reading table and book .
He was a “ father of confederation , ” I explain .
I tell her what the enthusiastic Parliament tour guide told me : “ Sir John A. Macdonald was a dreamer . ”
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Japanese Officers
Russia got badly hammered by Japan in the Russo - Japanese War of 1904 - 5
The importance of the war is that it was for the first time an Asian power had defeated a Western country .
The Battle of Tsushima ( Sea of Japan Naval Battle or the Battle of Tsushima Strait ) , the largest naval engagement of the pre-dreadnought battleship era , ends in victory for Admiral Togo and defeat for Admiral Zinovi Petrovich Rozhestvensky , who 's fleet had steamed 18,000 nautical miles to the battle .
The Russian lose 22 ships out of 38 .
The last major land battle of the war ( Battle of Mukden ) pits Russian forces ( 276,000 ) under General Alexei Nikolajevich Kuropatkin and Imperial Japanese Army forces ( 270,000 ) of Field - Marshal Prince Oyama Iwao over a front extending more than 90 miles .
By the end of the battle , Russian casualties will total 90,000 while Japanese forces will suffer 70,000 casualties .
United States President Theodore Roosevelt offers to broker peace negotiations between Russia and Japan .
Both sides will agree on June 10 .
( Jukes , LaFeber )
" Both the Japanese army and the Emperor regarded with pride their remarkable military defeat of Russia in 1905 ; it had brought honor and prestige to the nation and to the Emperor .
But it was this victory that , in a historical perspective , really started Japan on the road to war with the United States a decade later .
The attack on the Russian Asiatic Fleet at Port Arthur in 1905 was made without warning , a prologue to the attack to be made 36 years later at Pearl Harbor .
Emperor Meiji , Hirohito 's grandfather , sent his torpedo boats in a surprise attack .
The ships they did not sink were bottled up inside the harbor , and two days later Meiji issued his Rescript declaring war on Russia .
He accused Russia of threatening Japan 's plans for expansion .
( Similarily , in Hirohito 's Imperial Rescript declaring war on the United States two days after the 1941 Pearl Harbor attack , he blamed the United States and China for imperiling the existence of the Japanese Empire . )... After nine months of war , both Japan and Russia were looking for peace .
President Theodore Roosevelt offered to mediate , and peace terms were arranged .
Korea was given to Japan , as was Port Arthur , the Kwantung Peninsula , and all railroad rights in southern Manchuria .
Because there were no war reparations to be paid by Russia , which the Japanese people had been expecting - they had put up with many privations to support this war - there were riots in all major industrial Japanese cities .
Calm descended after Emperor Meiji assured his people that the benefits to Japan would , in time , be immense .
' This was only the first step in the building of a vast Japanese Empire , ' he declared .
Lieutenant Douglas MacArthur and his father , Major General Arthur MacArthur , were US Army observers of this war .
When they returned by way of Tokyo , both observed that ' the future and very existence of America is irrevocably intertwined with Asia and its island outposts . '
General Arthur MacArthur also made the observation that Japan 's imperialistic ambitions posed ' the central problem of the Pacific . "
From ' Hirohito : The War Years ' by Paul Manning .
Mar 10 , 1905 The Battle of Mukden ends with Mukden 's occupation .
Three hours before Japan 's declaration of war is received by the Russian Government , the Imperial Japanese Navy , in a surprise attack on the Russian Far East Fleet at Port Arthur , Korea , disables seven Russian warships .
The following three are Russian propaganda posters .
The reality was very different .
Russia was thrashed in the war .
Russo - Japanese War , 1904 –5 , imperialistic conflict that grew out of the rival designs of Russia and Japan on Manchuria and Korea .
Russian failure to withdraw from Manchuria and Russian penetration into N Korea were countered by Japanese attempts to negotiate a division of the area into spheres of influence .
The Russian government , however , was inflexible , and it was willing to risk an armed conflict in the belief that Japan was bound to be defeated and that a Russian victory would head off the growing threat of internal revolution in Russia .
Japan broke off negotiations and severed ( Feb. 6 , 1904 ) diplomatic relations with Russia .
Two days later , without a declaration of war , Japan attacked Port Arthur and bottled up the Russian fleet .
A series of quick Japanese victories , which astounded the world , culminated in the fall of Port Arthur ( Jan. , 1905 ) , the victory of troops under General Oyama at Shenyang ( Feb. –Mar. , 1905 ) , and the destruction of the Russian fleet under Rozhdestvenski at Tsushima by Admiral Togo 's fleet ( May , 1905 ) .
Through the mediation of U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt , peace was made in September at Portsmouth , N.H .
The disastrous outcome of the war for Russia was one of the immediate causes of the Russian Revolution of 1905 .
Japan gained the position of a world power , becoming the first non-European and non-American imperialist modern state .
Here are some snippets from the war The 1904 - 1904 Russo - Japanese War .
The defense of Port - Artur .
Reserves moving to the third fortress .
At the Siege of Port Arthur in the Russo - Japanese War ( 1904 - 1905 ) , Japanese forces mobilized coastal defence guns in order to bombard the town .
This tactic influenced the usage of heavy artillery in WWI .
July 19 , 2009 — Mario Gleichmann
Some voices say that Scala ’s type system is rich but complex .
Traits are part of Scala ’s type system , but their application is n’t that mysterious nor is it incomprehensible .
This post will give some introduction to one of their main operational areas – Traits used as Mixins , a well known concept which is already provided by some dynamic languages like Ruby .
Mixins
As their name reveals , Traits are usually used to represent a distinct feature or aspect that is normally orthogonal to the responsibility of a concrete type or at least of a certain instance .
Therefore , the functionality of a Trait may be required by completely different types that have nothing in common or are n’t even members of the same type hierarchy .
Let ’s say you want to model the ability to sing as such an orthogonal feature : it could be applied to Birds , Persons ( well , not all ) or even to Radios ( c’mon , with just a little bit of imagination ) .
In Java , you could come up with an Interface in order to express this ‘ trait ’ :
public interface Singer{ public void sing ( ) ; }
Now every type which is also a singer may implement this interface and give an appropriate implementation :
public class Bird implements Singer{ ... public void sing ( ) { ... } } ... public class Cicada extends Singer{ ... public void sing ( ) {...} }
Now all of them ( and their subclasses ) can be treated as Singers even – as said – a Cicada is not a Bird nor a Radio .
If some of them ( or all ) should sing the same way , you could use ‘ copy n paste ’ or place a default implementation and use composition .
But nevertheless , you have to provide a definition of sing ( ) in every of that classes – if only because to delegate to that implementation .
No matter which option you choose , the proportion of boilerplate code is n’t just small ( Inheritance may be no option at all , because there may be no common parent class .
Particularly , placing sing ( ) into a too general supertype would mean that ALL subtypes would be singers ) .
Mixin ’ traits ‘ statically ’
Scala provides an elegant way to define what it means to sing ( at least a default implementation ) and reuse it quite idependently by separating that feature as a trait and using that trait as a mixin .
That said , you can ( but do n’t have to ) provide a definition for some or all methods of that trait and mix that trait into every type you want to :
trait Singer{ def sing { println ( " singing ... " ) } } ... class Bird extends Singer
As you can see , the class definition of class Bird has mixed trait Singer into it ’s own definition using keyword ‘ extends ‘ .
Now Bird has mixed in all methods ( and all other members of the trait ) into its own definition as if class Bird would have defined method sing ( ) on its own – no boilerplate delegation code necessary .
Of course you now can ask every instance of a Bird to sing .
A last word on keyword ‘ extends ‘ : you also ( or normally ) use it to let a class inherit from a superclass .
In case of a trait you only use it if you do n’t inherit from a superclass and then only for mixin in the first trait .
All following traits ( should you want to mix in more than one trait ) are mixed in using keyword ‘ with ‘ :
class Insect class Cicada extends Insect with Singer class Bird extends Singer with Flyer // given Flyer as another trait
Mixin ’ traits ‘ dynamically ’
In case of class Person , we face another special problem :
We only want some instances of Person to be singers .
We ca n’t implement interface Singer on class Person since this would turn every instance of Person into a singer .
Fortunately , Scala allows to mix in a trait ‘ dynamically ’ when creating a new instance of a class .
In that case , only that special instance will be a singer and provide the methods of that trait :
class Person{ def tell { println ( " here 's a little story ... " ) } } val singingPerson = new Person with Singer person.sing
As you can see , we ’ve created a new instance of type Person , saying that this instance is also a Singer by using keyword ‘ with ‘ .
Actually , we ’ll receive an instance of a new anonymous class that is a Person as well as a Singer .
println ( " class of singing person : " + singingPerson.getClass ) // -> com.mgi.traits .
Traits AsMixins $ $ anon $ 2 println ( " class of singing person is a Person ? " + singingPerson.isInstanceOf[ Person ] ) // -> true println ( " class of singing person is a Singer ? " + singingPerson.isInstanceOf[ Singer ] ) // -> true
Unlike in Java you could call any method on that instance without any typecast ( at least within the scope where you ’ve created that singing Person ) , no matter if the method was originally defined within Person or Singer .
Of course you may encounter some problems when sending that ‘ special ’ singing instance to a method that expects a parameter of type Person .
Within that methods scope , a Person ( in general ) is n’t a singer , therefore calling sing ( ) would cause an error since method sing ( ) is no regular member of class Person .
Is it a Bird ?
Is it a Singer ? …
In that case , Pattern Matching may come to the rescue .
Since you could also try to match against an arbitrary type , we could also try to match a Person against trait Singer .
Let ’s say we want to cast some Persons for a Show .
If that Person is a singer , she should sing , otherwise tell a story …
def cast ( p : Person ) { p match { case s : Singer => s.sing case _ => p.tell } }
Conclusion
Scala ’s traits are an elegant way to separate concerns .
Every feature may be separated within an own trait and can than be mixed into every type or instance that should posses that trait .
This first introduction only gave some superficial examples , motivating why and how to use traits as Mixins .
The next ones will deal with some more interesting questions like how to claim that a trait may only be mixed into types ( or in conjunction with some other traits ) that offer some needed characteristics or how to leverage Mixins in order to inject some Dependencies into the class the trait is gonna be mixed in .
Surprises in Mathematics and Theory
There are many kinds of surprises in mathematics and theory : here are some examples
Gil Kalai is one of the great combinatorialists in the world , who has proved terrific results in many aspects of mathematics : from geometry , to set systems , to voting systems , to quantum computation , and on .
He also writes one of the most interesting blogs in all of mathematics — Combinatorics and more ; I strongly recommend it to you .
Today I want to talk about surprises in mathematics .
I claim that that there are often surprises in our field — if there were none it would be pretty boring .
The field is exciting precisely because there are surprises , guesses that are wrong , proofs that eventually fall apart , and in general enough entropy to make the field exciting .
The geometer Karol Borsuk asked in 1932 : Can every convex body in be cut into pieces of smaller diameter ?
This became the Borsuk Conjecture , which was proved in low dimensions and for special classes of convex bodies — for example , Hugo Hadwiger proved in 1946 that it was true for all smooth convex bodies .
The intuition seemed to be that the result was going to eventually be proved ; it was just a matter of time .
The shock , I think more than a surprise , came when Jeff Kahn and Kalai proved in 1993 that for large enough the answer was not .
On the contrary , they showed that for large enough , we need at least
pieces .
Notice that this is a lower bound , and does not imply that pieces are enough .
Here is a fixed constant .
I think it is fair to say that is really different from — no ?
Their paper is short and brilliant : you definitely should take a look at it .
Surprises In Mathematics
There are many additional surprises in mathematics .
I have listed a few that you may find , I hope , interesting .
I tried to break them into “ types . ”
I also want to thank Subrahmanyam Kalyanasundaram for his tremendous help with this post .
We Guessed The Wrong Way
Sometimes in mathematics and theory , the conventional wisdom is wrong — we believe that X is true , but is false .
The evidence for X could have been wrong for many reasons : it was based on small or special cases , it was based on false analogies , it was based on a view that the world would be simpler if X were true , or it was based on our lack of imagination .
The “ we ” is used to denote the community of all who work on mathematics and theory : it includes you and me .
So this comment , and all later ones , are addressed to me as well as everyone else .
I have guessed wrong many times , which has led me to work extremely hard on trying to prove a false statement .
Perhaps , everyone else is a better guesser than I am , but I think we all have our limits .
Here are two examples of this :
Nondeterministic space closed under complement : Neil Immerman and Robert Szelepcsényi independently solved the famous LBA problem .
They used a very clever counting method to prove that was closed under complement .
This was , I believe , a pretty good example of a surprise .
As I discussed earlier , most had guessed that would not be closed under complement .
A great result .
A Vision Conjecture :
In the current issue of the Bulletin of the American Mathematical Society , a conjecture due to Béla Julesz is discussed .
He was an expert in human visual perception , and is famous for a conjecture about perception .
After many human experiments , over the years , he concluded that if two images had the same first and second order statistics , then a person would find them indistinguishable .
David Freedman and Persi Diaconis founded a simple rule that generates pictures that have the same first , second , and even third order statistics that a random picture has .
Yet , their pictures are easily distinguished by a person from a random picture .
I quote Persi :
When we told Julesz , he had a wonderful reaction .
“ Thank you .
For twenty years Bell Labs has paid me to study the Julesz conjecture .
Now they will pay me for another twenty years to understand why it is wrong . ”
We Accepted a False Proof
Sometimes in mathematics and theory , a proof is given that is false — just wrong .
We all are human , we all make mistakes ; sometimes those mistakes can be believed for long periods of time .
Here are three examples of this :
Four - Color Theorem : The Four - Color Theorem ( 4CT ) dates back to 1852 , when it was first proposed as a conjecture .
Francis Guthrie was trying to color the map of counties in England and observed that four colors were enough .
Consequently , he proposed the 4CT .
In 1879 , Alfred Kempe provided a “ proof ” for the 4CT .
A year later , Peter Tait proposed another proof for 4CT .
Interestingly both proofs stood for 11 years before they were proved wrong .
Percy Heawood disproved Kempe ’s proof in 1890 , and Julius Petersen showed that Tait ’s proof was wrong a year later .
However , Kempe ’s and Tait ’s proofs , or attempts at a proof , were not fully futile .
For instance , Heawood noticed that Kempe ’s proof can be adapted into a correct proof of a “ Five - Color Theorem ” .
There were several attempts at proving the 4CT before it was eventually proved in 1976 .
See this article by Robin Thomas for a historical perspective of the problem .
Hilbert ’s Problem : I will not state what Hilbert ’s problem is — it will not affect this example .
The key is that in 1923 Henri Dulac proved a pretty result about the number of limit cycles that a certain family of differential equations could have .
He showed that the number was always finite , while the was not his goal , this result helped solve at least part of the Hilbert problem .
Dulac ’s result was considered a great theorem .
Almost sixty years later , Yulij Ilyashenko , in 1981 , found a fatal bug in Dulac ’s theorem .
Seven years later he and independently Jean Écalle , Jacques Martinet , Robert Moussu , and Jean Pierre Ramis found correct proofs that showed that Dulac ’s theorem was correct , even if his proof was not .
The Burnside Conjecture : William Burnside is a famous group theorist who proved many wonderful theorems .
Perhaps his most famous is the theorem that played a major role in starting the quest to classify all finite simple groups :
Theorem : A finite group of order where are primes is solvable .
He also made a number of very influential conjectures .
Perhaps the most famous was made in 1902 , and became known as the Burnside Conjecture :
If a group is finitely generated and periodic , then it is finite .
Periodic means simply that for any element in the group , for some .
This was eventually shown to be false in 1964 .
However , a natural question arose immediately , what if the was the same for all the elements of the group , then would the group , then , be finite ?
In order to attack this new problem , group theorists broke it up into many : is the class of groups that are generated by elements and all elements in the group satisfy , .
Sergei Adian , Pyotr Novikov proved that is infinite for odd , by a long complex combinatorial proof in 1968 .
Another group theorist , John Britton , claimed an alternative proof in 1970 .
Unfortunately , Adian later discovered that Britton ’s proof was wrong .
I once looked at Britton proof .
It is a whole monograph of about pages , with many many technical lemmas .
Britton needed many constants in his proof , so rather that statements like , “ let , ” he would write “ let , where was a constant to be determined later on .
Then , in the appendix he collected all the inequalities that he needed his constants to satisfy , and all he had to do is show that the inequalities were consistent .
He did this .
Britton had indeed successfully gone through the cumbersome task of checking the consistency of the inequalities , coming up with constants that satisfy all of them simultaneously .
The bug that Adian discovered was that Britton had made a simple mistake and written down one inequality incorrectly .
Unfortunately , the resulting system was inconsistent , and the proof was unsalvageable .
We Misjudged a Problem
Sometimes in mathematics and theory , a problem is believed to be very hard .
The problem is believed to be so hard that either no one works seriously on the problem , or people try to create whole new theories for attacking the problem .
Then , a elementary proof is given — one that uses no new technology , one that could have been found many years before .
Here are two examples of this :
Van der Waerden Conjecture : Van der Waerden made a conjecture about the permanent in 1926 .
He conjectured that
for any doubly stochastic matrix .
Further , that equality holds only for the matrix that has all entries equal .
Recall a doubly stochastic matrix is a non-negative matrix with its rows and columns sums equal to .
This seems like a straightforward inequality .
Somehow it stood for decades until it was solved independently by Georgy Egorychev and Dmitry Falikman , in 1979 and 1980 .
The surprise here is that this “ notorious ” problem was solved by fairly simple proofs .
They were awarded the prestigious Fulkerson Prize for their work , even though the proofs were simple — their result was a breakthrough in the understanding of the permanent .
Approximation for Planar TSP :
The classic problem of finding a TSP for planar graphs is well known to be NP - hard .
What Sanjeev Arora did in 1996 was to find an approximation algorithm that had eluded everyone for years .
His algorithm ’s running time was near - linear and the error for any given .
Joseph Mitchell found a similar result at almost the same time — I think there should be a whole post on : why do problems stay open for years , and then are solved by two researchers independently ?
Another day .
László Lovász told me that these algorithms could have been discovered years before — he thought one of the “ amazing ” things about them was precisely that they did not use any new tools .
They are very clever , and both use important insight (s ) into the structure of an optimal tour .
Yet , he said , they could have been found before , way before .
We Misjudge an Approach to a Problem
Sometimes in mathematics and theory , someone outlines an approach to solve an open problem , which the rest of the community does not believe is viable .
This mistake can lead to an interesting surprise when their method does actually work .
Here are two examples of this :
Hilbert ’s :
The famous Tenth asks for a decision procedure that can tell whether or not a Diophantine equation has an integer solution .
Such an equation is of the form :
where is an integer polynomial .
The combined work of Martin Davis , Yuri Matiyasevich , Hilary Putnam and Julia Robinson yielded a proof that this problem in undecidable in 1970 .
The last step was taken by Matiyasevich .
This result would probably have surprised the great Hilbert — he likely thought that there was such a procedure .
So this result could be in the “ we guessed wrong section , ” but I included it here for a reason .
Julia Robinson showed in 1950 that proving that a certain number theory predicate could be encoded into a Diophantine equation would suffice to solve the entire problem .
What Matiyasevich did was to show that this could be done .
Before he did this the eminent logician Georg Kreisel had remarked : “ Well , that ’s not the way it ’s gonna go . ”
( The quote of Kreisel is part of a film about Hilbert ’s Tenth . )
Kreisel ’s insight was that finding such a predicate would not only prove that the Tenth was undecidable , but would also prove that it was exactly the same as the Halting problem .
He thought that perhaps this was too much to expect .
He was wrong .
Four - Color Theorem ( Again ) : The 4CT theorem was proven by Kenneth Appel and Wolfgang Haken in 1976 .
The proof is famous , since it not only solved a long standing conjecture dating from 1852 , but made extensive use of computation .
They point out that their result is simply carrying out an attack on the problem that was already known ; the method is essentially due to George Birkhoff .
Others had used the method to get partial results of the form : the four color theorem is true for all planar maps of size .
In 1922 Philip Franklin proved 25 , and later Walter Stromquist 52 — this is not an exhaustive list of all the partial results .
Haken once told me that one reason he felt that they succeeded was that they believed that the current attack could be made to work .
That there was no need for an entire new approach .
Rather hard work and some computer magic could resolve the problem .
Perhaps the surprise is that the attack actually worked .
We Never Thought About That Problem
Sometimes in mathematics and theory , a result is found that is entirely new .
Well perhaps not completely new , but is not from a well studied area .
The result can be very surprising precisely because not one previously had dreamed that such a result of this type could even be proved .
Here are two examples of this :
Collapse Of The Polynomial Time Hierarchy : Dick Karp and I proved that if SAT has polynomial size circuits , then the polynomial time hierarchy collapses to the second level .
The proof is really simple — yet it is one of those basic results about computation .
It ’s one of my own results , so there is the risk that my opinion is biased , but I think most would agree with this assessment .
I always felt that one of key reasons that we found this result is simple : we were probably the first that ever thought about the problem .
Previously , all circuits results went the other way : if there was a good algorithm , then there was a good circuit .
Indeed , in general having a linear size circuit says nothing about the algorithmic complexity of a problem : a problem can have a linear size circuit for all and still be undecidable .
One of the things that I always tell my students is this : beware of simple counter - examples .
Often there can be a gem hiding inside a trivial counter - example .
Voting Theorems : Kenneth Arrow is a Nobel Prize winner in economics .
One of his great results is the proof that any reasonable voting system that tries to select among or more outcomes is flawed .
The proof of this result is not too hard — see this , but I believe the brilliant insight was the idea that one could prove something at all about voting systems .
That , seems to me , to be a great surprise .
We Never Connected Those Areas
Sometimes in mathematics and theory , the connection of two disparate areas can be quite surprising .
Here are two examples of this :
Prime Numbers and Complex Analysis : Johann Dirichlet ’s theorem is one of the first uses of complex analysis to prove a theorem about primes .
The theorem states that every arithmetic progression
contains an infinite number of primes , as long as and have no common divisor .
Dirichlet introduced certain complex functions that he cleverly connected to the number of primes that were in a given progression .
Then , he proved his theorem by showing that his functions were non-zero at , which proved that there are an infinite number of primes in the progression .
Distributed Computing and Topology : I will end with a connection that I know little about , but still feel that it is safe to say that it is surprising .
That is the connection between distributed computing and algebraic topology .
Maurice Herlihy and Sergio Rajsbaum have a primer that should help explain the connection better than I can .
Open Problems
What is your favorite surprise ?
What is your favorite type of surprise ?
Are there other types of surprises ?
I love to hear your thoughts .
Finally , could there be major surprises in complexity theory in the future ?
Nicky Campbell 's show on BBC Radio Five Live
THE PLAYERS : Will Self , outspoken novelist and occasional journalist ; Richard Littlejohn , outspoken journalist and occasional novelist .
THE PLOT : Both men have recently published books .
But that is about all they have in common .
THE EDITED TRANSCRIPT :
NICKY CAMPBELL : Your book is called How the Dead Live , Will , and basically it 's a horror story - somebody dies and then stops being dead .
Well you tell us .
You wrote it anyway .
WILL SELF : I did write it and you manifestly have n't read it .
CAMPBELL : Well , you know , there 's a lot to do on this programme .
SELF : I know , I appreciate that .
It is not a snide dig .
It is quite a difficult book , it takes about 13 or 14 hours to read .
So it is a fair claim on people 's attention spans .
It is really about what happens to a pretty standard , kind of materialistic , atheistic person who , when they die discovers that really what the Tibetan Buddhists have to say about cosmology and about the afterlife turns out to be true .
So to say that it is a kind of portrait of what everybody 's death is like is not quite right .
It is a portrait of one particular person 's death and their experience about it .
I suppose it has horrific elements and it is after all told from the point of view of somebody who is dead .
So that that gives them a slightly kind of " Sunset Boulevard " feel , but it is not strictly speaking a horror story .
CAMPBELL : That 's not to say I wo n't read it , you 've made me feel quite guilty now .
SELF : No - that was just a low crack .
CAMPBELL : It 's just that you have a lot to do in three hours and you get books at 6 o'clock on a Tuesday night - you have got to bath the kids - you know all about that .
SELF : I do .
I have many children .
Many , many children .
CAMPBELL : Neither did I get a chance to read yours Richard but that 's not to say that I wo n't .
But what do you make of what David Aaronovitch has said ?
It is front page in the Independent .
He says Richard Littlejohn 's novel is a 400 - page recruiting pamphlet for the BNP .
LITTLEJOHN :
What else do you expect from an overgrown student union leader who used to be a member of the Communist Party ?
I think it is a badge of honour to be attacked by people like David Aaronovitch to be perfectly honest .
I might put it on the cover .
SELF : Well he is right .
LITTLEJOHN : Is he ?
SELF : It is a 400 page ...
I 've read 200 pages of it and that is a 200 page recruiting leaflet for the BNP .
LITTLEJOHN : Well , you can't comment until you have read the other 200 .
SELF : Why ?
Does it suddenly turn into Tolstoy ?
LITTLEJOHN :
You 'll have to read it and find out , wo n't you .
SELF : Well it wo n't take me long .
LITTLEJOHN :
This is typical of the self - regarding , self - appointed metropolitan elite .
If you do n't agree with them they do n't engage you in argument , they throw slogans at you .
If you disagree with them on immigration or asylum , you are a Nazi .
If you disagree with them on Europe , you are a racist or a xenophobe or a little Englander .
That is all they have got - they have only got slogans - they have n't got arguments .
SELF : I do n't have slogans , I have reasoned opinions and I am sitting no more than 2ft 6ins away from you , Richard .
LITTLEJOHN :
Well give me a reasoned opinion then .
Tell me why it is a recruiting thing for the BNP ?
SELF : Because it is the kind of book ...
I do n't actually think it is a very important or serious book and I do n't think you really inflame the issue very much and I am grateful for that .
I do n't think it has got a lot of reach .
It is actually a fairly light romp , funnily enough , for a book that is based on really a procession of stereotypes of situations - exaggerations and stereotypes cobbled together into a totally implausible and bizarre kind of moral fable or anti-moral fable .
So I am not too worried about your book Richard but I do think that it represents a kind of gross distortion of reality .
In a sense , I suppose if you could say it is just a light comic novel then it is allowed to be a gross distortion of reality .
It is like a kind of Tom Sharpe for the far right really .
Is that fair ?
LITTLEJOHN : I would n't take the far right because you have n't read the book , clearly .
You have read parts of it .
The fact of the matter is I would n't expect anything else from you .
You people , you conduct -
SELF : You have n't read my book have you ?
LITTLEJOHN : I know I have n't .
I 'll just take it with me to the land of the free and read it by the swimming pool .
It has had some fantastic reviews .
SELF : At least I have had the decency despite I 'm only appearing on a radio show with you to actually bother to engage -
LITTLEJOHN : Well I did n't even know I was appearing on a radio show with you until 9 o'clock this morning otherwise I might have made an effort and at least tried to read some of it .
SELF : I knew I was appearing on this show with you last week .
LITTLEJOHN :
Well nobody told me that but that is neither here nor there .
CAMPBELL : It was n't deliberate , it was n't deliberate .
LITTLEJOHN :
But you people do tend to conduct a debate amongst yourselves .
SELF : I am engaging in a debate with you and I have done my preparation .
LITTLEJOHN :
It is interesting Nicky though that you immediately pick up on what David Aaronovitch and Will Self have to say about my book and not about what Andrew Roberts -
CAMPBELL : Andrew Roberts - I was coming to that .
He said that the way it was written was pacey and racey enough to be a Hollywood film .
I mean that must be very pleasing for you when you get reviews from somebody like Andrew Roberts .
LITTLEJOHN :
Well they are because Andrew Roberts is no only a great author himself , he is a respected historian .
CAMPBELL : Freddy Forsythe said it was a genuine and a fable of modern Britain and there were some interesting things that you are saying .
LITTLEJOHN : That 's right .
It is an entertainment and it is an attempt to open up a debate through -
SELF : You should be pleased that the critics are debating it .
LITTLEJOHN : I am absolutely delighted .
If I get the Guardian to call it racist , sexist , homophobic and goodness knows what else , we will put that on the cover too .
SELF : It is homophobic is n't it ?
LITTLEJOHN : No .
SELF : The baddies are typed up as being gay .
LITTLEJOHN : Not necessarily .
SELF : Well they are .
LITTLEJOHN : Again you do n't read it .
SELF : I have read the book .
I have read 200 pages of it - more than you have read of mine .
CAMPBELL : It is interesting that you two - it comes on to what I want to talk about as well - because we can talk about the merits of each other 's books or whatever -
SELF : Well he can 't ...
CAMPBELL : - or the merits of your writing , but I do read your TV reviews and I enjoy those a lot .
What I want to talk about is John Paul Getty , the philanthropist , who has given £ 5 m to the Conservative Party , because he wants to defend the British way of life .
It 's an interesting question - what is the British way of life .
Because clearly you both have two very different interpretations on what it is and should be .
I 'm glad to say because we 've obviously got a bit of a literary ding - dong going on here -
SELF : Well I do n't really regard him as a literary writer -
LITTLEJOHN : And I do n't regard him as a journalist -
[ There then followed some debate about the nature of British identity ...]
LITTLEJOHN : The British people are tolerant and they are understanding .
CAMPBELL : Well that is the kind of Aaronovitch / Self criticism of what you have done in your book - that all the villains seems to be swarthy , Kosovan asylum seekers .
LITTLEJOHN : Not true at all .
CAMPBELL : With a next - door family of Somalians -
LITTLEJOHN : - that is wrong - if you have 110,000 words , you can pick what you like .
That is rather what I expected and what I hoped the Guardian and Independent would do .
CAMPBELL : You are rather pleased about it ?
LITTLEJOHN : I am absolutely delighted .
The main villains of the piece actually are two white middle - class lawyers and policemen .
SELF : Wait a minute , the solicitor is dubbed as being part of an entry - ist plan by left - wing Islingtonians who kind of submerge themselves - one of them becomes a policeman who incidentally is graphically depicted masturbating with a truncheon - and the other one is a gay lawyer who runs a left - wing - a kind of firm that actually is vaguely impossible - that operates out of the Gray 's Inn Road .
I have read your book Richard , I do wish you would stop saying that I have n't .
I have read 200 pages , I read them quite closely .
LITTLEJOHN :
But you have n't read the book in its totality and you have to read the book in its totality .
SELF : Why ?
LITTLEJOHN : In order to understand it .
SELF : Does it turn into Tolstoy at page 205 ?
LITTLEJOHN : No it does n't turn into Tolstoy .
I do n't set out to be Tolstoy .
It is a much more complex book than that .
SELF : Than Tolstoy ?
LITTLEJOHN :
But the conscience of the book is actually a West Indian .
To say that I am stereotyping - the fact of the matter is one of the main players , his wife is a Greek Cypriot and we look at asylum from her point of view .
CAMPBELL : You 're both true - you are British by definition .
SELF : I do n't regard myself as British , I dissent from that .
LITTLEJOHN : Well I do .
SELF : What does it say on the passport - the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland - that is actual latest constitutional formulation of what Britain is .
I regard myself as a citizen of an archipelago that happens to be called Britain .
LITTLEJOHN :
You are not still on heroin are you ?
SELF : No and listen , I would thank you kindly not to insult me in that fashion .
LITTLEJOHN :
Well you have accused me of being the recruiting sergeant of the BNP !
[ There then followed travel , weather and news and sport reports ]
LITTLEJOHN : The British are a race of Scandanavians , of Celts , of Britons , of Irish , of Scots , we are a multi-cultural mongrel race , that 's right , that 's not an offensive term , it 's a scientific term .
SELF : And presumably you include West Indians -
LITTLEJOHN : And West Indians , and Bengalis and Pakistanis , and all sorts , and that 's what we are , and I think we are much the richer for it .
SELF : So what is your problem exactly with people who are loosely grouped as " asylum seekers " ?
Why have you written this book
LITTLEJOHN : I 've written this book largely as an entertainment
SELF : As an entertainment ?
Who 's it intended to entertain ?
LITTLEJOHN :
Well the people who buy it , certainly not intended to entertain the likes of you -
SELF : What is entertaining about it exactly ?
The sort of rip the gusset aside sex scenes , the tales of car crime , the idea of the good honest ex-cop , although he 's not actually that honest .
What 's meant to be entertaining ?
LITTLEJOHN :
Well you 'll have to read it and find out .
I mean if it infuriates the likes of people like you , then it 's worked
SELF : It does n't infuriate me , you 've not listened to me .
I do n't think it 's that significant , I do n't think it 's going to influence people
LITTLEJOHN :
It 's not meant to be significant ...
[ There followed a discussion of liberal values ]
CAMPBELL : Is what you wrote about the man who called Two Jags , that 's a name you coined : " He 's a chimp , a pustulating boil of resentment and class hatred , a chippy , thin - skinned puffed up laughing stock , an ocean - going tub of lard , groaning with arrogance , ego , hypocrisy , and inferiority , he 's an inadequate , inarticulate embarrassment , a disgrace to Britain at home and abroad . " ... Do you sometimes think that this is a human being you 're talking about ?
LITTLEJOHN : Nah .
[ laughter ]
SELF : Well he does n't say he 's a human being , does he ?
He uses the classic form of demonisation which is to say he's a chimp , in other words he 's bestial .
So he 's actually dehumanised the subject of his abuse before he even moves on to piling on the pejoratives , and I think that 's very psychologically interesting , of course we 're all familiar with the kind of people who demonise other human beings by turning them into bestiary ... we all know who does that .
[ long pause ]
LITTLEJOHN : In the Psychiatrist 's Chair with Nicky Campbell
CAMPBELL : Caroline Feraday has the travel .
The Nicky Campbell programme is broadcast each weekday morning on BBC Radio Five Live
From the ' Modest Market Leader ' files :
Linux vendor Red Hat ( NYSE : RHT ) was named in a study today by the Linux Foundation as being the top Linux kernel contribution company .
Red Hat had 12 percent of all change contributions , led by their key kernel contributors Ingo Molnar and David S. Miller .
I reached out to Red Hat to get their take on their status , and they were somewhat humble in their position as the leaders in Linux .
" We are always pleased with these numbers , and given the large scale of resources we put into making Linux enterprise - ready , the numbers are not too surprising , " Nick Carr , Red Hat marketing director wrote in an email to me .
" We track activity numbers internally on an occasional basis , and know that Red Hat has been the leading contributor to the Linux kernel for many years . "
Though Red Hat has been the leading contributor for years , as it turns out , being the leader is not a conscious status that Red Hat is chasing .
Yet another Attie Award … .
I swear I could give these awards out once a day .
And , this one goes out to people who CLEARLY do n’t know what they are talking about and even worse , have dragged the Way of Christ through the mud .
I ’ll confess up front , this award is meant as a defense of Hemant Mehta , a friend of mine .
Hemant came to Columbus in February to an event that my student group co-sponsored with the Students for Free Thought at Ohio State .
I got to know Hemant through his talk , dinner and he stayed overnight at my house .
He is one of the nicest guys you will ever meet , atheist or otherwise .
So , it just infuriates me when people like The Illinois Family Institue attack him with no basis in fact whatsoever .
I ’m leaving aside the whole controversy that caused them to go after him .
But , I want to stick to something they said in their press release that really burned my candy bars .
They imply that Hemant is dishonest and pushes his views on students while giving NO proof that he is in fact doing so .
Even worse , they bang on about kids being “ influenced ” by such people because they are smart and good looking , etc . ( Well , Hemant , you should take that as compliment at least ) .
Then teach your kids to be smart and stop rotting their brain with poor reasoning .
Use Hemant ’s blog to instruct them WHY you disagree with him , instead of attacking the way he does his job or implying he is doing something unethical .
Look , I actually agree that the family is a strong building block of society .
But , what that means for me is that I raise my kids to think , understand , and take the actual time to teach them .
I do n’t agree with many of Hemant ’s positions and frankly , think he is wrong about .
And , I would teach my kids that .
But in teaching my kids , I would teach them that love and respect in disagreement .
even more , teach them the first rule of civilized disagreement , the Principle of Charity , meaning , make your opponents argument even stronger than the would before you contest it .
You have to actually engage with people are actually saying .
Would I let me kids read his blog when they are in High School ( a long time away , thank God ) ?
Yes and then I would actually take the time to discuss it with them .
Would I let Hemant teach my kids math ?
No doubt about it .
And , I would ask them to learn from Hemant on how to be a nice guy .
Something many Christians I know ( including myself ) could learn from .
So , congrats Illinois Family Institute , you are now in the esteemed ( cough ) company of the Creation Museum , Sam Harris , and “ Pastor ” Tom .
You have sacrificed the cause and way of Christ for the way of “ The Family ” .
This Attie is for you .
St. Thomas , release the hounds …..
Welcome to the redesigned Horror and Suspense Movie Scripts Page !
Here you can read scripts and transcripts of classic horror movies and classic suspense movies .
A - F | G - N | O - Z
By request ...
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
The graph shows health care spending as a percent of GDP using three measures .
The first BEA measure , by major type of product , is of health care services as percent of GDP .
The larger BEA measure , by major function , includes health goods and services as a percent of GDP .
The Department of Health and Human Services includes investment in equipment and structures and is the broadest measure of health care spending .
See here for a description of the HHS estimates :
These statistics , termed National Health Expenditure Accounts ( NHEA ) , are compiled with the goal of measuring the total amount spent in the United States to purchase health care goods and services during the year .
The amount invested in medical sector structures and equipment and in non-commercial research in the United States , to procure health services in the future , is also included .
The NHEA are generally compatible with the National Income and Product Accounts ( NIPA ) , but bring a more complete picture of the health care sector of the nation ’s economy together in one set of statistics .
First , the category of “ personal consumption expenditures ” includes pretty much all of the $ 2.5 trillion healthcare spending , including the roughly half which comes via government .
With the help of the excellent Guardian Datastore , we ’ve been tracking Swine Flu ( “ novel H1N1 virus ” ) as it creeps across the globe and starts to feeds into the autumnal ‘ flu season .
There are some surprising results .
Is the US about to face a pandemic ?
The USA still has the most cases in the world .
The America media are starting to pump out alarming headlines .
“ 200,000 deaths ! ” .
Here are the current figures .
But when you factor in population sizes , the USA disappears off the map .
( It ’s actually 15th in the world )
Fatality rates : Is Swine Flu getting deadlier ?
When you look at fatality rates for Swine Flu , the percentage of infected people who die , the results are depressingly unsurprising .
Although these nations have much fewer cases than Western nations , far more people are dying .
Brazil ’s fatality rate is a shocking 10 % , against a world - wide average of around 0.3- 0.5 % .
When you compare these worldwide fatality rates against those from mid-July , you see a slightly worrying trend .
Swine Flu appears to be becoming more deadly in Latin America .
Is this down to Western nations use of Tamiflu ?
Swine Flu Advisory
Here ’s the overall data in a table .
Media reporting generally only focuses on the first column .
But we think the other columns are more relevant .
The stand - out statistic from all this is the US ’s death rate at 1.2 % .
It ’s the only Western nation in the above - average rankings .
This may be down to Swine Flu ’s particularly lethal interaction with obesity .
An estimated 34 % of American ’s are obese ( CDC )
If you are interested in more , you can see a live interactive table of Swine Flu figures here .
Sources and data in this Google Doc .
Imagine finding yourself aboard the famous most luxurious ship in the world , the Titanic , experiencing the fabulous man built ship that was described as UNSINKABLE .
Unfortunately they were very wrong .
Aboard the Titanic was an on - board swimming pool , gymnasium , Turkish Bath , libraries in the first class and also second class , and a squash court .
In her time , the Titanic was the most luxurious ship which surpassed rival ships Lusitania and Mauretania .
The night was April 14th 1912 when the Titanic struck and iceburg during her voyage on a dark night within the icy waters in the Atlantic ocean .
They say it took Titanic two hours and forty minutes for the ship to sink , leaving over 1500 people to freeze in the Atlantic waters .
There were a total of 2,240 people on board when Titanic was bound for New York when an iceburg altered the Titanics final destination .
On 7 June 1994 , RMS Titanic Inc. , a subsidiary of Premier Exhibitions Inc. , was awarded ownership and salvaging rights by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia .
On August 22 , 2008 the Georgia Aquarium in association with RMS Titanic , Inc. , has featured the worldwide debut of Titanic Aquatic .
The aquarium does have more than 190 artifacts .
I read that all attendees are given a ticket with the name of an actual Titanic passenger .
If any of our readers has had the opportunity to experience this exhibit and would be kind enough to share a photo of this ticket , you are more than welcome to submit a picture of this .
A volunteer at the aquarium has stated “ I think it ’s the lost souls from the Titanic ” .
Margarit Mourino has reported ghostly encounters around the exhibit that contains part of the Titanic .
“ I could feel like this hand moving over my head and through my hair ” said Margarit .
A spokeswoman named Meghann Gibbons did state that the aquarium has received reports from numerous volunteers having encountered strange activity while working .
After hearing these stories , the aquarium decided to invite “ Roswell Georgia Paranormal Investigations ” .
The investigators spent two nights at the Aquarium in an effort to determine if the encounters were paranormal or had valid scientific explanations .
“ The investigators were rewarded with purported recordings of ethereal voices and sightings of shadowy figures roaming darkened corridors .
They concluded that not only was the Titanic exhibit a spirit dwelling , so was at least one other part of the building . ”
The Titanic exhibit ’s last stop before Atlanta was Miami .
Were there ghost sightings there ?
Miami Museum of Science spokesman Tony Lima responded in an e-mail ; one could hear his sigh : “ I wish . ”
But he rebuffed any ghost stories during the exhibit ’s South Florida stay .
Other venues that have housed Titanic Aquatic , such as the Orlando Science Center , have reported strange occurrences similar to the ones at the Georgia Aquarium .
The group was broken into three teams to investigate three separate areas of the Aquarium – Titanic Aquatic , Ocean Voyager gallery and Cold Water Quest gallery .
The three groups did not share their findings with each other until they had completed their investigation .
When they all came back , the groups had similar results .
“ An Aquarium volunteer who had a paranormal experience in the Titanic exhibit ’s iceberg room was validated when investigators said that there was an older gentleman residing in the area .
An elderly woman was also discovered in the First Class cabin of the exhibit .
A young crew member in his early 20s was spotted and felt in one of the last rooms containing preserved dishes and clothing from the Titanic ’s wreckage .
As for non-Titanic apparitions , all teams sensed a Native American man in the Cold Water Quest hallway , which is outside of the new construction area . ”
Although I tried to provide our ghosttheory readers with some sort of EVP ’s of the investigation , I could obtain none .
Could these be the souls of those that went down with the Titantic and have yet to find their resting place ?
Could these be souls still emotionally attached to the Titanics artifacts and still holding on for an answer … .
As many students begin applying for the 2010 academic school year , students are looking at an economic climate where endowments are hit , student loans are more restrictive , and parents have seen 529 plans sink along side their retirement plans .
The upcoming school year will be highly competitive and expensive but will it be worth it ?
Now college itself is n’t a direct link to a career and many bristle when they hear about vocational training .
Yet when someone is paying $ 50,000 a year , you have to ask what exactly you are paying for .
With the recent unemployment rate hitting 9.7 percent officially , the wider ranging U - 6 rate hit a record of 16.8 percent .
The market took the 216,000 job losses as good news but the recession is much deeper than the headlines are showing .
If you dig deep into the report , you will find a few curious observations .
First , the teenage unemployment rate is the highest in nearly half a century coming in at over 24.2 percent .
Now this rate is always high but only in August of 2008 , it was at 17.8 percent .
Another observation in the report that we find is those with college degrees are facing the highest unemployment in two decades since records started being kept .
With college costs going through the roof and in many cases , costing nearly $ 50,000 a year at private schools many are asking whether some college degrees are even worth pursuing .
Or more importantly , potential students are seeking answers regarding value .
Let us look at this trend more closely :
You ’ll find a curious trend here .
Without a doubt , those with a college degree do better in the marketplace .
Take a look at the recession in the early 1990s .
A college degree seemed to be a better buffer at that time than our current recession .
For the first time in record keeping history , the unemployment rate for those with 4 - year degrees or higher has passed the 4 percent mark .
Keep in mind that in the United States , only one in four has a bachelor ’s degree or higher .
We tend to think of this group as largely immune but in deep recessions like this one , a college degree no longer protects you from the fluctuations of the market .
An education through online schools will not protect your career either .
The massive increase in college tuition needs to be explored .
If you think about someone going to school to pursue a career in say social work , a noble career , is it really worth it to go into $ 100,000 to $ 150,000 in debt for a career that pays $ 30,000 to $ 40,000 a year ?
In a situation like this , a student may benefit by going to a lower priced state school instead of a private institution .
Certainly many will go to top schools simply because of the implied pedigree of an institution especially if they want to enter into the top law firms or seek higher positions in certain corporate sectors .
Yet many are realizing that too much college debt is not a good thing .
If you think this is n’t the case , just look at how many people are having trouble paying their student loan debt .
Red means conditions have worsened and this is for 90 + days late year over year :
If you look at the population centers of California , Florida , Texas , and New York student loan debt has worsened practically in the entire state .
Clearly the current economic recession has much to do with it but also , the fact that those with college degrees are losing jobs in large numbers as well .
Many are no longer able to service their own debt .
As we have mentioned , a college degree does not protect your job nor does it assure you in getting one .
Some are even suing because of this :
“ NEW YORK ( CNN ) —
A recent college graduate is suing her alma mater for $ 72,000 — the full cost of her tuition and then some — because she cannot find a job .
Trina Thompson , 27 , of the Bronx , graduated from New York ’s Monroe College in April with a bachelor of business administration degree in information technology .
On July 24 , she filed suit against the college in Bronx Supreme Court , alleging that Monroe ’s “ Office of Career Advancement did not help me with a full - time job placement .
I am also suing them because of the stress I have been going through . ”
What I find troubling is the idea that simply attending college is the ticket to a job .
Also , what is more disturbing is many of the for profit institutions with no pedigree try to push people through to continue getting those nice loan checks each semester :
“ In her complaint , Thompson says she seeks $ 70,000 in reimbursement for her tuition and $ 2,000 to compensate for the stress of her three - month job search .
As Thompson sees it , any reasonable employer would pounce on an applicant with her academic credentials , which include a 2.7 grade - point average and a solid attendance record .
But Monroe ’s career - services department has put forth insufficient effort to help her secure employment , she claims .
“ They ’re supposed to say , ‘ I got this student , her attendance is good , her GPA is all right — can you interview this person ? ’
They ’re not doing that , ” she said . ”
Good attendance ?
A disciplined worker with no college degree can be punctual 2.7 is not an “ all right ” GPA .
The problem now is that we have someone with “ subprime college debt ” of $ 70,000 and no viable job prospects .
It would be different if they had only say $ 10,000 in debt but $ 70,000 is simply incredible .
And how many people are graduating like this into a terrible recession where employers have their pick of potential applicants ?
The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve seem willing to bailout any mistake so it should be no surprise that students expect bailouts as well .
They are simply following the lead of our central bank .
It is also a question of what degrees are being awarded .
While we had many chasing degrees in finance to pump out paper to increase the housing bubble , globally other nations focused on making actual things :
Source : CSMonitor , 2005
Even after adjusting lower , we can see why things will remain tough .
The globe is hyper competitive now .
Many entering college now face the challenge of examining what they want to do with their lives but also , dealing with the economics of a new financial age .
A college degree was never a guarantee of a job or career security and this will only become a stronger rule in the future .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
A special advisory committee on the future of America ’s manned spaceflight program delivered a report to the White House on Tuesday that could help launch the country on an Apollo - style adventure to Mars , but which also warned that any ambitious program of exploration would require big infusions of cash .
Without a significant boost in NASA ’s budget , not only will it be impossible to return to the moon by the goal of 2020 , but astronauts might not be able to go at all , according to the report by the Human Space Flight Plans Committee .
“ Under the current budget , you ’d never get there , ” said committee chairman Norman Augustine , a former chief executive at Lockheed Martin .
The panel , made up of former astronauts and space entrepreneurs , was appointed by President Obama this spring to review the Bush administration ’s Vision for Space Exploration , analyze NASA ’s agenda and come up with alternatives .
The present plan , outlined in 2004 , called for a return to the moon by 2020 , the establishment of a lunar outpost and , decades later , human travel to Mars .
Advertisement
According to a 12 - page summary report posted at the panel ’s website , hsf.nasa.gov , NASA would need at least $ 3 billion a year beyond its current $ 18.69 billion to realize the ambitious goals .
The report is a product not only of the committee ’s analysis and research but of a series of public hearings held around the country .
Publication of the summary report , to be followed in a few weeks by the complete findings , gives the clearest picture yet of a space program with lots of vision but far too little money for what it wants to accomplish .
“ The U.S. human spaceflight program appears to be on an unsustainable trajectory , ” the report said .
“ It is perpetuating the perilous practice of pursuing goals that do not match allocated resources . ”
The president has not indicated whether he is willing to spend the money to carry out Bush ’s vision -- or whether he would prefer to pull back and continue the policy of recent decades of using robots to explore deep space while astronauts work in low - Earth orbit on such tasks as constructing the nearly completed International Space Station .
Advertisement
The bleak budget picture aside , some members of the space community were cheered by the report , which amounted to a strong endorsement of an ambitious program of human exploration , culminating with humans working and living on Mars .
Louis Friedman , executive director of the Planetary Society in Pasadena , one of the world ’s largest communities of space buffs , said the budget shortfall was just “ one focus ” of the report .
“ I think insiders , of which I am one , are going to wring their hands and say , ‘ We ’re going to delay the lunar landing , ’ ” Friedman said .
“ But if the general public sees that we may move faster out into deep space , they will be excited .
We still have a very exciting program here . ”
NASA is developing a new set of rockets , the Ares I and its heavy - lift sibling , the Ares V , which would be the most powerful rocket ever built .
A crew of up to six astronauts , twice the number that traveled to the moon in the Apollo missions of the late 1960s and early 1970s , would be carried in a next - generation capsule called Orion .
Advertisement
Once at the moon , astronauts would establish a semi- permanent lunar base to serve as a science laboratory and possible rocket fuel manufacturing base for a trip to Mars .
But the committee pointed out that such a program would take many years beyond 2020 to complete .
In the interim , NASA would appear to be doing very little in space , especially with the winding down of the shuttle program at the end of next year .
As a result , members suggested a “ deep space , ” or “ flexible , ” option .
Under that plan , NASA would launch manned missions to rendezvous at an asteroid , fly around the moon , or even fly to one of Mars ’ moons , giving astronauts opportunities to hone their skills .
A program beyond low - Earth orbit “ is exactly what the National Space Society supports , ” said Brett Silcox , the group ’s acting executive director .
Advertisement
The committee also evaluated the possibility of extending the life of the shuttles , but Augustine , in a recent interview , worried about “ the reliability of an aging fleet .
A very strong case could be made that it should be shut down , ” with no more than a six - month extension to finish work on the space station .
The committee was more favorably disposed to the idea of extending the service life of the space station from 2015 to 2020 .
That would allow the station a decade of scientific research before it is junked .
With the report in the hands of Obama , former astronaut Buzz Aldrin , a strong supporter of deep - space exploration by humans , offered his own view .
“ When creatures of the Earth in two dozen years settle permanently on another planet , the leader who sent them will go down in history as greater than Julius Caesar , Queen Isabella , all those people , ” he said .
Advertisement
--
john.johnson@latimes.com
DITTO
Filed under : June 3 , 2011 , 2:13 PMFiled under : MUSINGS
Do not press the button .
You smell of war
Your kiss is a a wrecking ball
I ’m thinking about your hair .
Again .
Do enter
Do feed the animals
Do look down
Press the button .
HOLLAND
Filed under : June 2 , 2011 , 1:41 PM
Filed under : MUSINGS
Fuddled etchings
An unfamiliar bench , Entangled teenage tongues and brine
A Promise that you could n’t keep .
In time .
Blurry neon .
Off / On. Repeat .
Dissecting our shape before the heave of the promenade
Your words seem scripted Communion .
Drawing on the last drops of April
This place ca n’t exist .
SHOOT
Filed under : June 1 , 2011 , 5:20 PMFiled under : MUSINGS
It was later than it felt and although you left hours ago
( It could have been minutes ) I wonder if it was you at all ?
It still looks like you .
A school photograph softened by time as girls you ca n’t remember look on .
Unaware , extras in your movie ,
It was you all along .
Rapist praised by judge for converting to Islam
Sentenced : Rapist Stuart Wood was found guilty of rape at Chelmsford Crown Court ( pictured )
A judge lambasted a rapist for claiming his victim was a liar - then commended him for becoming a muslim .
Judge Anthony Goldstaub QC sentenced Stuart Wood for seven years for the attack , then told him : ' You have turned to Islam and this promises well for your future , particularly as you are now an adherent of a religion which respects women and self - discipline . '
Speaking at Chelmsford Crown Court , Judge Goldstaub strongly criticised Wood , 34 , for pleading not guilty at his trial which meant his victim was put through the ordeal of having to tell 12 strangers ' the most intimate details ' .
' This she did with dignity and courage , ' said Judge Goldstaub .
' You , through your counsel , called her a liar and suggested she had invented rape . '
The judge added that Wood , who had previous convictions for indecent assault on underage girls and for violence , had shown no remorse and still protested his innocence about the attack in August last year in Colchester , Essex .
He added that Wood had achieved the humiliation he intended on his victim .
Wood , of no fixed address , pleaded guilty to assault causing actual bodily harm .
He was jailed for seven years for rape , nine months for ABH and three months for common assault , making a total of eight years .
He will be on the sex offenders ' register indefinitely .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A cat named Clyde has been reunited with his owner after a mysterious three - year odyssey in which the long - haired Himalayan strayed 2,400 miles into the Australian outback .
Ashleigh Sullivan , 19 , said she had given up hope of finding Clyde after he vanished aged one from her family home near Hobart city , Tasmania .
" I 'm positive he remembers .
He 's not acting like he 's suddenly appeared somewhere and is frantic , " Sullivan said as she tearfully held her contented cat .
A nurse found Clyde wandering at a hospital in the remote Queensland state town of Cloncurry and cared for him for four months before taking him to a local vet as she was leaving town and could not take him with her .
The vet , Donna Weber , traced Clyde 's owner from his identification microchip .
But no one has a clue how Clyde managed the 185 - mile journey across the Bass strait from Tasmania , off mainland Australia 's south - east coast , and then about more than 2,000 miles further to Cloncurry .
An animal transport company returned the cat to Hobart for free – flying most of the way .
" It 's pretty special to have him back . "
Sullivan said .
" I 'm overwhelmed . "
Big banks grow more powerful under Obama
5 September 2009
The Washington Post carried an article last week outlining the immense consolidation that has taken place in the US banking system as a result of the policies of the Bush and Obama administrations in response to the financial crisis .
The article , entitled “ Banks ‘ Too Big to Fail ’ Have Grown Even Bigger , ” reports how the largest banks have consolidated control over a greater share of financial markets and are using their monopolistic position to increase their profits by raising fees and interest on consumers and small businesses .
“ The oligopoly has tightened , ” said Mark Zandi of Moody ’s Economy.com , who is quoted in the Post article .
“ There ’s been a significant consolidation among the big banks , and it ’s kind of hollowing out the banking system , ” he added .
The newspaper reports that JPMorgan Chase , Wells Fargo and Bank of America now each hold more than 10 percent of all deposits in the country .
These banks , plus Citigroup , issue half of all mortgages and two - thirds of all credit card loans .
In the past year alone , the ten largest banks have increased their share of bank deposits from 40.6 percent in 2007 to 48.2 percent today .
The large banks are taking advantage of their increased control over the market to drive up fees .
The Post noted that in the last quarter these banks raised their deposit fees by an average of 8 percent , while the smaller banks lowered their fees by 12 percent .
In promoting and subsidizing the takeover of failing banks by the biggest banks and investment houses , the Post notes , the government violated federal antitrust regulations , which prohibit any single bank from controlling more than 10 percent of deposits nationwide .
They also violate Justice Department antitrust advisories on the degree of control over regional financial markets by individual banks .
Major milestones in the consolidation of the banking system over the past 18 months include :
• March 14 , 2008 : JPMorgan Chase acquired the investment bank Bear Stearns .
The Federal Reserve Board provided a $ 29 billion subsidy to JPMorgan for the purchase .
• June 5 , 2008 : The Federal Reserve approved Bank of America ’s takeover of Countrywide Financial , the nation ’s largest mortgage company .
• September 15 , 2008 : Bank of America purchased Merrill Lynch on the basis of a promise by the Fed and the Treasury to give Bank of America $ 30 billion in guarantees on Merrill Lynch assets .
• September 15 , 2008 : The Federal Reserve and the Treasury allowed the investment bank Lehman Brothers to collapse .
• September 21 , 2008 : The Fed and the Bush administration allowed the investment banks Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley to become bank holding companies , so that they would be legally entitled to cheap Fed loans and other subsidies .
• September 25 , 2008 : JPMorgan Chase acquired Washington Mutual , the largest savings and loan bank in the US .
The transaction was subsidized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) .
• October 12 , 2008 : Wells Fargo acquired Wachovia , in another deal subsidized by the FDIC .
In addition to these major acquisitions , more than 80 smaller banks have been seized by the FDIC this year and many have been incorporated into larger banks , with the aid of government subsidies .
As a result of this process , three major competitors of the largest Wall Street firms — Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch — have disappeared , and major commercial banks such as Wachovia and Washington Mutual have vanished , leaving such giants as JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs in a position to dictate market conditions .
The growth of the remaining big banks has been staggering .
Bank of America grew by more than 138 percent after acquiring Merrill Lynch and Countrywide Financial , according to the Washington Post report .
JPMorgan Chase grew by 50 percent after appropriating Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual , and Wells Fargo expanded by 43 percent after snapping up Wachovia .
Prior to the crisis , Wells Fargo , JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America controlled 4.4 , 7.0 and 9.6 percent of bank deposits , respectively .
Now , they control 11 percent , 10 percent , and 12.9 percent .
This consolidation , together with the Obama administration ’s pledge to spend whatever public funds are required to prevent the failure of the remaining mega - banks , has enabled these banks to borrow funds at significantly lower rates than their smaller rivals , creating the conditions for a further concentration of financial power in the hands of a few super - banks .
Banks with $ 100 billion or more in assets are borrowing money at interest rates on average 0.34 percentage points lower than their smaller rivals , according to the Washington Post .
That advantage was only 0.08 percent in 2007 .
The process of government - mediated consolidation continues .
The Wall Street Journal reported Monday that the FDIC has been subsidizing the purchase of distressed banks by larger institutions by guaranteeing virtually all of the potential losses of the bigger banks .
The article reports that the FDIC has assumed up to 95 percent of the risk on $ 80 billion in assets of failed banks bought by other banks .
The FDIC ’s total potential losses are close to $ 80 billion , compared to the $ 10.4 billion it currently holds to guarantee the deposits of millions of consumers .
The FDIC ’s deposit insurance fund has fallen from more than $ 50 billion a year ago and is being further depleted by new bank failures .
Officials say they expect over 300 more bank failures in the coming months .
The agency expects to cover $ 14 billion in losses on the takeover subsidies it has already extended .
It is widely expected that the FDIC will tap billions of dollars in public Treasury funds to shore up its deposit insurance system .
As the Wall Street Journal notes , the FDIC ’s policy of engineering bank takeovers at public expense “ amounts to a subsidy for dozens of hand - picked banks . ”
The vast concentration of financial power is the result of a deliberate policy of both the Bush and Obama administrations .
It is one component of a program to utilize the financial crisis precipitated by the speculation and profiteering of the major banks to carry out a massive restructuring of the US economy in the interests of the most powerful sections of the financial elite .
It goes hand in hand with an unprecedented attack on the jobs and wages of the working class , Obama ’s proposals to slash health care for millions of workers , and preparations for an historic assault on core entitlement programs such as Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security .
The aim is to place the full burden for the capitalist crisis on the working class and permanently lower working class living standards .
Obama ’s forced bankruptcy of General Motors and Chrysler was a milestone in this process .
Just as with his health care proposals , it was dictated by Wall Street veterans in the Obama administration and corporate lobbyists .
The destruction of health benefits for hundreds of thousands of retired auto workers and their families is a preview of the health care cost - cutting plans that are currently being debated in Congress .
Under these conditions , the bank regulatory overhaul being touted by the Obama administration can be nothing other than a travesty .
The Obama administration is an instrument of the most powerful Wall Street interests , and neither can nor will impose any real limits on either the speculative and profit - gouging practices of the banks or the colossal compensation packages which the bankers award themselves .
Andre Damon
Andre Damon
Well , I know this is kinda freakish , but this is not my idea you see .
I found this dead frog that apears to be petrified in some way behind my couch when I was vacuuming one day .
You can imagine my suprise .
Actually , I just freaked !
First , I thought
It was a huge dead bug from a distance .
So , I went to grab a paper towel to pick it up and just throw it away .
I came back , got down there , and I noticed what looked like a tiny backbone showing through skin .
Upon closer invetigation , I realized that this weird - looking object was a frog at one point .
It 's kind of sad .
You can see the position he died .
Just sitting there , back legs bent just like a frog does .
I do n't know what killed him or why .
I just found it .
I do n't want to keep this , but I really can't see throwing it away when it is so interesting to look at .
I mentioned it to my mom , and she knows I have been trying my hand at reselling things on ebay .
So , she said why do n't you try to sell it ?
So there you go !
Here 's your petrified frog .
I will start the bidding at what I estimate it will cost to list and ship it .
Thanks for listening to me jabber .
Enjoy your dead Frog !
Sometimes you find that your lifestyle , or ( in some cases ) your job , means that you parent somewhat differently than may be the norm .
This rare moment of self - reflection came when I was standing in my daughter 's room , watching her sleep through a pair of night - vision goggles .
This way , I can make sure she actually is sleeping without turning on a light and perhaps waking her , or alerting her to my presence as I bear witness to whatever level of shenanigans she 's getting up to .
I wonder , idly , if there is enough ambient light to see the outline of my head .
I then wonder if this is how alien abduction memories begin .
Ars Technica reviewed JAKKS
Pacific 's first pass at night vision technology back in September of last year , but that design had a few flaws .
The goggles strapped onto your face too tightly and only allowed one eye to see what was around you in the dark .
This made it almost impossible to move normally , and it reduced the toy from a tactical advantage to a fun novelty .
With this second stab at the design , JAKKS has fixed many of these problems : now the goggles operate more like binoculars .
They fit around your neck , and they 're brought to your face only when you need to see something in the dark .
Both eyes also now have a screen in front of them , with a dial to adjust interpupillary distance , so you get a nice , clear , large image of what 's going on in front of you .
This makes the product , dare I say , useful ?
If you do n't mind carrying around a large black lump of plastic with you that looks vaguely threatening , this thing has all sorts of uses .
My apartment building has a scary - looking staircase going down to the basement entrance outside , and you have to walk away from it when taking out your garbage .
Last night I peeked over the railing with the goggles on , peering down into the jet black .
All I saw were bum - leavins ' , and no ninja - attackers .
I could rest easy .
Keep in mind that these products do n't use true night - vision ; instead they operate as an infra-red flashlight , with an optical sensor that can pick up infra-red light .
That means that with the goggles on you can see the light coming from your Wii sensor bar , or from your remote control , and if you look at another set of goggles you 'll see a blaze of light ; it 's not like you could get two sets and hunt a friend who also has one ; you 'd look like beacons to each other when switched on .
The goggles also take five AA batteries , making them expensive to feed .
The good news is the product is now less expensive , with the binocular - style coming in at $ 59.99 .
The EyeClops Night Vision 2.0 goggles are a fun , inexpensive toy with many neat uses ... especially if you 're the only person with a set and you 're taking part in a midnight Nerf - war , which is something you should plan .
The binocular design is a big improvement from the strap - on design of the first set , which took away a large amount of your equilibrium .
This is one of those rare times a company makes a product cheaper , yet better .
Verdict : Buy
Police arrested a woman at the Metropolitan Museum of Art for stripping naked in the middle of the Arms and Armour exhibit .
The model was posing yesterday for photographer Zach Hyman who has gained recent notoriety for his photos of nude models posing at New York landmarks , snapping shots of naked New Yorkers ( all volunteers ) from Times Square to Chinatown for his portrait series .
Hyman gives himself just 30 seconds to take 10 shots of nude models with his Hasselblad 500 C/ M film camera and conducts his shoots in all natural light .
The pictures typically can sell for anywhere from $ 2,000 to $ 9,500 .
The 30 seconds was n't enough time as police busted up the shoot -- an event , which was captured exclusively by a camera rolling for NBCNewYork .
The model , KC Neill , 26 , was charged with public lewdness .
Earlier this week , Hyman said his photo shoots require more precautions than most .
Wary of arrest , he keeps bail money handy , takes along a lookout for police and keeps his lawyer on speed dial .
Up until today he 's never had to use the bail money .
It was on his mind during his last shoot in Times Square .
" I was wholly prepared to be arrested , but somehow managed to walk away with the image and no cuffs , " Hyman said of that shoot .
Hyman -- who says he 's inspired by Helmut Newton , David LaChapelle , and Guy Bourdin -- was n't that lucky this time .
Sometime you have to suffer for your heart .
Get more information on Hyman 's Web site .
Jennifer Millman contributed to this article .
Democracy Now !
September 29 , 2009 .
* * *
By Fred Fuentes , Caracas
October 1 , 2009 — Green Left Weekly —
The dictatorship in Honduras , which overthrew the elected government of Manuel Zelaya in a military coup on June 28 , has stepped up its reign of terror .
A state of siege remains in place .
The most recent targets of the repression have been Radio Globo and Channel 36 — the two main media outlets opposed the coup and giving the popular resistance movement in the Central American country a voice .
The continual repression has affected the size of anti-coup protests .
However , the ongoing resistance has caused further cracks to open within the pro-coup forces as support for the resistance spreads .
“ They have just attacked our comrades from the resistance who had been protesting at the offices of Radio Globo ” , Dirian Pereira from the National Resistance Front Against the Coup in Honduras ( FNRG ) told Green Left Weekly over the phone from the Honduran capital Tegucigalpa .
“ They were brutally attacked , the police fired tear gases and a number of people were beaten up .
Right now , there is no media outlet that is speaking about the resistance ” , said Pereira about the shutdown of Radio Globo and Channel 36 .
Having shut down critical media , “ they are carrying out heavy acts of repression .
This morning they kicked out some peasant comrades who had been occupying the office of the National Agrarian Institute . ”
Gilberto Rios , an FNRG leader , told GLW : “ This is the 10th time that they have taken [ Radio Globo ] of the air and left us without any possibility to communicate .
They are violating an elementary right , which is the right to information and free speech .
They are hitting us hard , and the balancesheet we have drawn up is that this is not positive .
``Nevertheless , the majority of the population is against the most repressive measures the government is carrying out .
This has meant that more sectors are joining the resistance against the coup .
We are converting ourselves into a force that , if we can unite , will defeat this coup . ”
On September 28 , coup leader Roberto Micheletti declared a state of siege , suspending all civil liberties .
A day later , under pressure , he promised to lift it .
However , Pereira said : “ The only thing they have said is that they will study the decree because the Congress asked them to … but they have not annulled it .
Micheletti said that maybe next week they will annul it , but the repression continues .
They are trying to undermine the motivation of the resistance to fight . ”
Rios added : “ Their attitude is one of strength that , according to our reading of the situation , does not correspond with the strength they have .
Rather , it comes from the strength of the forces supporting them — the transnational companies such as Exxon Mobil and other powerful financial forces that are behind this coup .
" In that sense , there is not only a Honduran coup .
We have already defeated the Honduran coup .
What we are fighting to defeat now is the coup by the transnationals . ”
A proposal to end the conflict between the coup regime , backed by the oligarchy , and the poor majority supporting Zelaya has emerged from a group of Honduran business leaders .
The proposal would result in both Micheletti and Zelaya resigning .
Power would be handed over to a United Nations mission that would oversee elections .
Rios said : “ The proposal reflects a decision taken by the oligarchy in the face of the elections scheduled for November 29 .
The siege decree would exclude any possibility of the presidential candidates being able to carry out a political campaign during the next 45 days — leaving only a week or two for campaigning .
Many see this as an attempt by the Micheletti government to prolong their stay in power beyond the date of the elections .
“ This reflects a lack of confidence among [ those that support the coup ] .
There is a process of fracturing within the oligarchy that is in power as a result of the coup .
That is why the resistance is standing firm on its proposals .
The resistance is continuing to make the same demands as always : the reinstatement of Zelaya and a national constituent assembly . ”
On the possibility of a UN intervention , Rios said : “ The resistance is not in favour a such an intervention . ”
The mass protests continue .
The resistance called a mobilisation for Friday , October 2 , outside the US embassy in the morning and protests in the poor neighbourhoods throughout the afternoon and night .
The FNRG has also called a meeting of the neighbourhood - based resistance groups in Tegucigalpa for Sunday , October 4 .
* * *
September 30 , 2009 -- Latin Radical -- Ricardo Salgado , from the National Resistance Front Against the Coup , has just returned from the Brazilian embassy where President Manuel Zelaya is defying three police lines and attempts by the coup regime to dislodge him .
The Honduras resistance movement is planning mass marches for tomorrow , and will attempt to retake Radio Globo which was shut down by the coup regime yesterday .
Radio Globo is still broadcasting through the internet and a network of smaller community radio stations .
Will the resistance movement cause the de facto coup regime collapse under its own weight of repression ?
Original audio source ( rricardo.salgadobonilla_30_Sep_2009.mp3 )
12.7 Mb 128 kbps. mono 14 minutes .
* * *
September 29 , 2009 -- Democracy Now ! --
The Honduran coup regime has been forced to reverse a harsh crackdown on civil liberties amidst growing protests for the restoration of the ousted President Manuel Zelaya .
But Honduran forces still blocked a large protest march and shut down two media outlets that have criticized the coup regime .
Meanwhile , a top US diplomat criticised the coup regime ’s decision but then turned around to issue a harsh condemnation of ousted Zelaya .
We go to Honduras to speak with Andrés Conteris from inside the embassy where Zelaya is hiding and speak to Luther Castillo , a Honduran doctor who is in Washington to speak with US lawmakers .
Guests :
Andres Conteris , Program on the Americas director for Nonviolence International .
He worked as a human rights advocate in Honduras from 1994 to 1999 and is a co-producer of Hidden in Plain Sight , a documentary film about US policy in Latin America and the School of the Americas .
He also works at Democracy Now ! en Español .
Dr. Luther Castillo , indigenous physician from the Atlantic Coast of Honduras .
He founded the first hospital and health centre in that region , the Garifuna Rural Hospital , after studying at the Latin American Medical School in Havana , Cuba .
He is also secretary of communications for the National Resistance Front Against the Coup in Honduras .
Shortly before the coup , he had been named director of International Cooperation in the Honduran Foreign Ministry .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
The coup regime in Honduras appears to be backing off its attempt to shut down protests and limit free speech amidst growing protests for the restoration of the ousted President Manuel Zelaya .
On September 27 , the coup government of Roberto Micheletti announced a forty - five - day decree that imposed sweeping restrictions on civil liberties , including banning unauthorized public meetings , allowing the government to shut down broadcasters , and giving police the authority to make arrests without warrants .
After Honduran congressional leaders warned they would not approve the decree , Micheletti gave a televised news conference September 28 evening asking for , quote , “ forgiveness from the Honduran people ” and said he would lift the decree as , quote , “ quickly as possible ” .
Earlier that day , masked police officers and soldiers shut down two media outlets that have criticised the coup regime .
Government forces also cordoned off a street to prevent a march of several hundred supporters of ousted President Zelaya .
Zelaya has remained inside the Brazilian embassy since defiantly returning to Honduras one week ago .
The Micheletti government has now given Brazil a ten - day deadline to hand over Zelaya or face the embassy ’s closure .
The coup regime issued the threat as its soldiers continued to surround the embassy and limit the delivery of supplies .
Brazil has rejected the ultimatum and says Zelaya will stay as long as he needs .
Brazil ’s representative to the Organization of American States , Ruy de Lima Casaes e Silva , warned of the severity of the crisis .
RUY DE LIMA CASAES E SILVA : [ translated ]
The situation in the embassy is a grave situation with a potential for drama .
For that reason , the Brazilian government , by way of their foreign minister , solicited the UN Security Council to conduct a meeting to specifically deal with the insecurity of Brazil ’s embassy in Tegucigalpa , especially as regards disrespecting the norms established in international charters regarding diplomatic missions .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
The coup regime on September 28 refused entry to a delegation from the Organization of American States that had come to seek a negotiated solution to the crisis .
Speaking in Washington , the US ambassador to the OAS , Lewis Amselem , criticised the coup regime ’s decision but then turned around to issue a harsh condemnation of ousted Zelaya .
LEWIS AMSELEM : We therefore call on all within Honduras and outside Honduras to avoid actions and pronouncements which foment unrest and violence .
The return of President Zelaya to Honduras , absent an agreement , is irresponsible and foolish and serves neither the interests of the Honduran people nor of those seeking the peaceful reestablishment of the democratic order in Honduras .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
On September 28 night , Zelaya addressed the United Nations General Assembly via a mobile phone that his foreign minister held up to the podium .
PRESIDENT MANUEL ZELAYA : [ translated ]
My greetings to the United Nations .
My greetings to the United Nations .
Anybody who had any doubt that a dictatorship is taking hold of my country , now with what has happened in the last ninety - three days of repression , I think that any of those doubts that might have subsisted are dispelled .
But besides being subject to a coup d’état , Honduras is being subjected to a fascist rule , which is suppressing the rights of its citizens and which is oppressing the Honduran people .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
We go now to the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa , where we ’re joined via Democracy Now ! video stream by Andrés Conteris .
He is the Program on the Americas director for Nonviolence International and also works at Democracy Now ! en Español .
He has been inside the Brazilian embassy for the past week .
We ’re also joined from Washington , DC by Dr. Luther Castillo .
He ’s an Indigenous physician from the Atlantic Coast of Honduras .
He founded the first hospital and health centre in that region .
He is also secretary of communications for the National Resistance Front Against the Coup in Honduras .
Shortly before the coup , he had been named director of international cooperation in the Honduran Foreign Ministry .
We welcome you both to Democracy Now !
First , we ’re going to go to Andrés Conteris .
He ’s joining us on the telephone , actually , from inside the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa .
Andrés , welcome to Democracy Now !
ANDRÉS CONTERIS :
It ’s a pleasure , Sharif .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
Can you start off by telling us what exactly is happening right now inside the embassy ?
What do you see outside ?
Are soldiers outside the embassy ?
ANDRÉS CONTERIS :
Yes , there are many soldiers right outside the embassy .
There are some hundreds , but the visible right outside here are probably a dozen .
This place has been militarised since just over a week ago , right after the return of President Zelaya to Honduras .
The repression was immediately felt in the very , very violent eviction that happened exactly one week ago this morning .
Over 500 revellers who were dancing in the street were brutally repressed by the soldiers .
Tear gas was used , and that tear gas completely filled the embassy here .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And Andrés , you ’ve been there for a week now .
We ’ve heard reports of a sound weapon being used , similar to the one that we reported on used in Pittsburgh at the G - 20 .
Can you confirm or deny that ?
ANDRÉS CONTERIS :
That weapon having to do with audio definitely was used : a very sharp , piercing noise that really , really causes deep , deep distress .
Other weapons have been used .
I have not been able to confirm gases used after the tear gas incident , but other people did feel a attack by gas during this past week .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And the coup regime has given the Brazilian embassy ten days to hand over Manuel Zelaya or grant him asylum in Brazil .
Brazil has denied this , has refused to do so .
What is President Zelaya saying right now about what ’s happening ?
ANDRÉS CONTERIS : What President Zelaya is saying is that the international community needs to follow up with the declarations that were approved by both the United Nations , the OAS , as well as the San Jose Accord .
He is very open to dialogue in that framework of those documents .
Every single one of them says that he needs to be restated — reinstated as the president , the democratically elected leader of Honduras .
And this coup regime here is not willing to do that .
Other things that he says clearly are having to do with the incredible amount of repression that is being felt around Honduras .
Just yesterday , they buried a young woman named Wendy , who died as a result of the tear gas a week ago here in the embassy area .
She had asthma and suffered from that , was hospitalised and then later died .
She ’s just one of many , many who have passed away as a result of the brutality of the Micheletti regime .
And what is really disconcerting is that the United States , through the Obama administration , has not said one word condemning the human rights atrocities here , in spite of the fact that they have been very , very well documented by the most recognised human rights organisations in the world .
Congressmember Grijalva of Arizona wrote a very clear letter to Obama documenting all of this , and there has been no response by this administration in terms of publicly condemning the human rights violations by this regime .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And speaking of the US response , last night we heard possibly the harshest condemnation from a top diplomat , a US top diplomat , Lewis Amselem , the representative to the OAS .
He called Zelaya ’s return “ irresponsible and foolish ” .
Your response ?
ANDRÉS CONTERIS :
This comment by ambassador Amselem comes a week after US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton clearly welcomed President Zelaya back to Honduras .
So we ’re seeing a double face in terms of the policy from the Obama administration in terms of , is he welcome , or is it foolish for him to have returned .
One thing to know about the background of ambassador Amselem is that he was with the SOUTHCOM , the Pentagon ’s organisation in Latin America .
And the military policy with regard to Honduras has to be mentioned , because it ’s very key .
The US continues to train Honduran soldiers at the School of the Americas , in spite of the fact that they have said that ties had been severed .
Honduras remains invited to the military maneuvres called PANAMAX 2009 , which were twenty - one countries invited from September 11 to September 22 .
And Honduras was on the list .
The Pentagon never withdrew them .
And the only reason they did n’t participate is because other countries in South America refused to go to the maneuvres if Honduras was going to remain as participating .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And this issue of the crackdown on civil liberties , Micheletti issued a decree on Sunday , a forty - five - day decree , with sweeping restrictions on civil liberties .
He has pledged to reverse that , following congressional leaders not giving him support .
But this did — the day after he issued the decree , he closed down two media stations , one of them being Radio Globo , that I believe President Zelaya has frequently done interviews on .
What has been the effect of this inside the embassy ?
ANDRÉS CONTERIS : Inside the embassy , what we have been feeling is a terrorism on the part of this regime as they issued this decree , which really defines them outright as an absolute dictatorship .
Constitutional guarantees in the Honduran constitution defend the right to gather , defend the right to movement and thinking and freedom of expression by the media .
All of these were the articles that were suspended by this decree imposed by Micheletti , and because of pressure from Honduras ' congress , as well as international pressure , he was forced to back away from that .
However , it did really cause a chill here at the embassy , as well as around the country .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
We ’re also joined in Washington , DC by Dr. Luther Castillo .
Welcome to Democracy Now ! , Dr. Castillo .
You are the secretary of communications for the National Resistance Front Against the Coup in Honduras .
You ’re also a physician in Honduras , running a hospital there .
First , tell us why you ’re in Washington , DC .
DR . LUTHER CASTILLO :
Well , good morning to everyone .
We are here in Washington , DC , trying to meet some human rights organisations and contact with some US Congress representatives like Congressman Grijalva , who has been writing a great letter addressed to the President Obama to take immediately action on this violation of human right that is happening in Honduras every day .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And you have called for a boycott of the elections in November ?
Why ?
DR . LUTHER CASTILLO : Because we recognise that this election in November is an illegal election , who are going to be running in November .
One of the strategies that the de facto government is trying to do in this illegal election is to do a continuation of a coup d’état in Honduras .
Then all the issues that will be addressing by this de facto government is an illegal issue , then that makes that election in November to be illegal then .
Our organisation , that ’s the national committee against the coup d’état , who is inside there , all the civil organisation , Indigenous organisations , unions and other organisation in Honduras , are against this election in November , and we consider it illegal .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS : Now , Dr. Castillo , you founded the first hospital on the Atlantic Coast region in Honduras .
Talk about what that hospital was providing and what has happened since then , since the coup .
DR . LUTHER CASTILLO :
Then this hospital was founded by Garifuna doctors who were training in Cuba .
Then we returned back to our community to give healthcare to all people that did n’t have healthcare before .
Then we started to build the hospital with our own community .
And with President Zelaya , we signed an agreement how to give support and sustainability to this process , where we have been attending more than 300,000 people for free in the area .
And now the de facto government have been cut and have been — deny the agreement that we signed before with President Zelaya .
Then that make our hospital now without helps to attend all those people , who are in the deep mountain and the more forest area and the department of Colon and Gracias a Dios , near to La Mosquitia , then who really need our help in those areas .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And why has the coup regime tried to take over the hospital ?
Have they given you a reason for this ?
DR . LUTHER CASTILLO :
They just , I think — they just give us — tell us that we have to — we are working in the community as illegals there , and they just send us a new agreement to sign that new agreement , who did n’t recognise our doctors who are working there in the area with us .
They do n’t even give us any reason why they are doing that .
Then we are accustomed to fight against that .
We live in Honduras .
We really know what the discrimination that we have been facing as a poor people , as the Garifuna people in Honduras then .
We decided , with our community and our doctors , to be there , to stay there and keep looking for solidarity and work , continue helping our people there .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And finally , Dr. Castillo , you , yourself , personally have been targeted by the regime .
How are you returning to Honduras , and how are you surviving there ?
DR . LUTHER CASTILLO :
Then I will be returning back .
We just came here to do this work with — that national committee give us to do here , because we have to be there with our people , fighting , and we have to be there with our people , demonstrating peacefully in the street that we are against that regime of brutality that is happening in Honduras .
One of the real things that we like to clarify that we have been listening to some of the representative of the Organization of American States , I think this issue is concern to Honduran people , you know , to appoint if he ’s responsible or irresponsible , that action that President Zelaya took .
We want to clarify that President Zelaya is the only president who was be elected for us as Honduran people .
He ’s the only constitutional president of Honduras .
Then we decide and we think , as Honduran people , that it ’s a responsible action of President Zelaya to return back to our country .
He ’s a Honduran , and we elect him as a president .
Then I think that issue is concerning us , and we do n’t think that it ’s a irresponsible action that he is taking right now .
Then we want him to return to Honduras .
And when some people are talking about what is concerning to the peace of Honduran people , we have been more than ninety days in the street demanding the immediately return for President Zelaya .
Now he ’s in the country .
I think we congratulate that action , that courage of President Zelaya to return back to Honduras .
That represent one of the step that we have to take to bring peace to our country .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And what would you like to see the United States to be doing ?
What would you like to see President Obama to be doing regarding Honduras ?
DR . LUTHER CASTILLO :
Then we would like to see President Obama condemning all these violation of human right that have been happening in Honduras .
We would like to see President Obama condemning and talking about all those people that have been killing in the street , all those young people who have been killing in the street , assassination .
We would like to see President Obama talking to condemn all those women who — what military have been violating in the street of Honduras .
And we would like to be — President Obama pushing more pressure on the — and the economic sanction to those [ inaudible ] family who are supporting the coup attack in Honduras .
And we would like to see President Obama declaring definitely this issue as a military coup attack in Honduras .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And finally , Andrés Conteris , any final words from inside the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa ?
ANDRÉS CONTERIS : The United States has been having a trade embargo against Cuba for decades .
And if they would even consider an economic embargo against this regime , this coup would end .
That ’s because there ’s more than 70 to 75 per cent of Honduran trade is with the United States , and they could not withstand a trade embargo .
So the US has arrows in its quiver that it could use to end this crisis , but it is choosing not to do so .
And the US people must rise up and pressure the Obama administration to do more for Honduras and human rights here .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS : Andrés Conteris , thank you very much for joining us .
He ’s the Program on the Americas director for Nonviolence International , also works at Democracy Now ! en Español .
And special thanks also to Dr. Luther Castillo .
He ’s an indigenous physician from the Atlantic Coast of Honduras , secretary of communications for the National Resistance Front Against the Coup in Honduras .
The original content of this program is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License .
Please attribute legal copies of this work to democracynow.org .
Some of the work (s ) that this program incorporates , however , may be separately licensed .
Latin Radical : Andre Conteris from inside the Brazilian embassy
September 29 , 2009 -- Latin Radical -- Andres Conteris , journalist for Democracy Now , is inside the Brazilian embassy in Honduras with President Zelaya , who has taken refuge there until he is restored to his legitimate role .
The Brazilian embassy is under siege by the Honduran armed forces , who have attempted to cut food supplies , water and electricity , jam communications and set up sound boxes to emit high - pitched , irritating high - decibal noise inside the embassy grounds .
The coup regime has declared a suspension of all constitutional rights and put an ultimatum to the Brazilian government .
International reaction to this disturbing move has been disappointingly slow , especially from the US .
The toll of casualties is mounting , the latest a woman who died from the effects of the teargas assault on the Brazilian embassy .
Radio Globo is no longer transmitting , but has maintained its internet stream ( listen HERE ) .
The Honduran coup regime is reacting hysterically and with excessive force against the popular outrage that has only grown over the last three months , with hundreds of thousands of people out in the streets in protest on a daily basis .
Like other independent journalists and commentators he expresses profound disappointment in the lack of reaction by the US to this most recent travesty ( among many ) of the coup regime , not only against their own people , but against internationally agreed conventions and accepted norms of civilised behaviour .
Original audio source ( AndresContrenasEmbassy29 _Sep_2009.mp3 )
Video of the aftermath of the military raid that shut down Radio Globo .
Coup oppresses Honduran people , Zelaya tells General Assembly September 29 , 2009 – United Nations News Centre – With a “ dictatorship ” having taken over Honduras , the recent coup d’état is oppressing the people of the Latin American nation , ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya has told the General Assembly , calling for the assistance of the United Nations in restoring the rule of law .
Mr. Zelaya – who is seeking shelter at the Brazilian embassy in the Honduran capital , Tegucigalpa – spoke by telephone on September 28 to the General Assembly during the address of Foreign Minister Patricia Isabel Rodas Baca to the annual high - level debate .
( Watch a video of the address HERE .
Requires Real Player . )
“ I call on the United Nations to give assistance to reverse this coup and to ensure that democracy is available to all nations of the world ” , he said last night .
Mr. Zelaya , who was ousted by the military in June , also appealed to “ civilised nations of the world to maintain a firm position against barbarity ” .
Current authorities have shut down media outlets , a move he characterised as a “ serious crime . ”
Civilised nations , he said , must take a stand against barbarism , he stressed , appealing to the United Nations to reverse the coup and ensure that democracy is spread to all of the world ’s nations .
“ No matter how small we are , we deserve no less than any other society ” , Ms. Rodas Baca told heads of state and government gathered at UN headquarters , paying tribute to Hondurans for their efforts to find a solution to the crisis .
On September 25 , the UN Security Council stressed the need to ensure the security of the Brazilian embassy where Mr. Zelaya has been holed up for the past week .
Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon stated today that threats on the Brazilian embassy in Honduras are “ unacceptable ” .
Speaking to reporters in New York , he said international law is clear : sovereign immunity cannot be violated .
“ Threats to the embassy staff and premises are intolerable .
The Security Council has condemned such acts of intimidation .
I do as well , in the strongest terms . ”
The top UN political official warned yesterday that any action taken against the embassy in would be a disaster .
“ I must say the situation there took a seriously bad turn with the threats on the Brazilian embassy ” , Under - Secretary - General B. Lynn Pascoe told a news conference , referring to published reports that the de facto government has given the embassy 10 days to decide whether to grant Mr. Zelaya asylum or hand him over .
“ It ’s a very serious problem for all of us .
It would be a disaster if any action were taken to violate international law on the inviolability of the embassies .
We ’re also concerned to see the worsening situation as the de facto government has been turning up the screws internally , closing media outlets and also taking state of emergency measures against the population .
“ We ’re very concerned about all of that and have been trying to work with others to see whether we can move that process forward ” , he added , reiterating UN readiness to provide whatever help it can to resolve the crisis and its full support for the efforts of Costa Rica 's President Óscar Arias Sánchez to mediate the crisis .
During the General Assembly ’s high - level segment , many Latin American countries – including Brazil , Venezuela and Panama – have voiced their support for Mr. Zelaya ’s return to power .
Today , Nicaragua ’s Foreign Minister Samuel Santos Lopez also condemned the coup during his address to the General Assembly , saying that “ from this moment we assert our definitive decision not to recognise the results of any electoral farce in that country . "
“ With this coup they sought to kill the democratic hopes and initiatives of the Honduran people , just as they sought to thwart the fraternal process that is the ALBA , ” he added , referring to the bloc known as the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our Americas .
“ The ‘ ALBA ’ is the basis for the horizontal and inclusive cooperation between our peoples .
Its membership increases day by day . ”
CISPES : Demand the new foreign policy Obama promised !
US State Department blames Honduran President Zelaya for military coup ’s brutal violence against civilians
September 29 , 2009 -- Committee in Solidarity with the People of El Salvador -- On September 21 , President Manuel Zelaya returned to Honduras , taking refuge in the Brazilian embassy .
The Honduran military , under the command of the de facto regime of Roberto Micheletti , immediately began to attack the embassy with tear gas and other chemicals .
Violations of international law have continued , including cutting off electricity , water and food , drawing recent condemnation by the UN Security council .
Even worse , the military has dramatically increased violence against the civilian population demonstrating in support of the legitimate president Zelaya ( watch a video here ) .
Among other deaths , Wendy Elizabeth Avila was killed by tear - gas intoxication during the violent displacement of protesters outside the Brazilian embassy on September 22 .
International human rights groups have documented assassinations , torture and rape of regime opponents since the coup on June 28 .
On September 26 , coup leader Micheletti signed an executive order that suspends all constitutional guarantees for 45 days , including freedom of the press and freedom to assemble .
This decree prohibits meetings and demonstrations that do not have the permission of the military .
Following the order , various independent radio and television stations have been shut down , in some cases violently .
Rather than denouncing the clear human rights violations by the Honduran military , the US Obama administration had remained silent .
As Mark Weisbrot , director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research , stated , " After 90 days and not one word from the Obama administration on the abuses in Honduras , it looks an awful lot like a tacit endorsement of the repression by the US government . ”
( Read the press release from CEPR here or breaking news from the journalist Laura Carlsen of Americas Policy Program here . )
On September 28 , 2009 , the US State Department broke its silence , but not with the condemnation and swift action the Honduran people have been calling for .
Instead , officials from the US State Department blamed Zelaya of for the violence being waged on the Honduran people .
Lewis Amselem , interim US representative to the Organization of American States ( OAS ) stated , “ The return was irresponsible … Zelaya and those who facilitated his return are responsible for the actions of their followers . ”
Please join individuals and organisations in denouncing the State Department 's tacit endorsement of the coup regime !
This is far from the “ new ” foreign policy that Obama promised ; in fact it is a terrifying throw back to US - supported coups in Latin American and the brutal military violence that has ensued ( several top military officials in Honduras were trained by the United States at the School of the Americas ) .
The State Department should take immediate and decisive action against the de facto regime , declare the situation in Honduras a MILITARY coup , and cut all aid to Honduras as required by law .
1. Call the State Department comment line at 202-647-4000 or write President Barack Obama and urge the administration to :
a.)
Call for a return of Zelaya to the presidency of Honduras and demand that the coup authorities , the army and the police respect the right to assembly and the human rights of the citizens of Honduras . b. )
Emphasise that any bloodshed and violence is the responsibility of the coup government and the security forces which they command .
2. Call the Congressional switchboard at 202-224-3121 and ask to speak to your Representative and Senators ( or send an email to your Senators and Representative ) with the same message .
Also encourage your Representatives to sign on to the Delahunt - Serrano - McGovern House Resolution 630 condemning the June 28 military coup in Honduras .
YUMA , Ariz . 
The Southwest drought has reached the point where even drain water is coveted .
Beginning nearly 40 years ago , the briny runoff from the “ salad bowl ” of southern Arizona , some of the most productive farmland in the nation , has been channeled into an arid plain of the Sonoran desert in Mexico .
It is an engineered solution to the vexing problem of keeping the nearby Colorado River free of agricultural wastewater too heavy in salt compounds for drinking water and other uses .
An accidental result south of the border has been a thriving man-made wetland , the largest in the river ’s delta , a key stopover for migratory birds and home to a bounty of endangered and threatened species .
But now the protracted drought in the Southwest has led water managers to rethink the possibilities for the wastewater , placing the preservation of the wetland , the Ciénega de Santa Clara , at the center of a delicate balancing act between the growing thirst of California , Nevada and Arizona and the delta ’s ecology .
The biggest challenge involves a plan to take some of the wastewater , purify it at a desalination plant and direct it to other uses under a treaty that proportions the Colorado River among the Western states and Mexico .
The New South Wales Supreme Court will today decide whether former James Hardie executives and directors should be punished for issuing false and misleading statements about the company 's ability to fund asbestos compensation .
The case was brought by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ( ASIC ) , which is calling for steep fines and long disqualifications for former company officers including former chief executive Peter Macdonald .
Mr Macdonald faces a fine of up to $ 1.8 million and being disqualified from being a company director for up to 16 years .
Peter Shafron , the former company secretary , faces a fine of up to $ 450,000 and disqualification for a minimum of eight years .
ASIC has called for former non-executive directors , including former chairwoman Meredith Hellicar , to be disqualified for five years and be fined up to $ 130,000 .
In April , Supreme Court judge Ian Gzell found the 10 former company officers had breached corporate law in 2001 when they claimed in statements to the stock exchange and in a press release that a trust set up to compensate victims of asbestos - related diseases had adequate funding , when it did not .
Justice Gzell labelled Ms Hellicar as a " most unsatisfactory witness " .
The former company officers argue they have been punished enough by the adverse publicity the case has attracted .
They have had strong support from prominent Australians , including former Labor foreign minister Gareth Evans and Telstra chairwoman Catherine Livingstone , who are among the referees .
In the Supreme Court last month , Tony Meagher SC , for James Hardie , argued the breaches of the Corporations
Act were at the " low end of the spectrum " .
In a swipe at ASIC , he said the allegations were " arrived at by lawyers working in a dark room " .
ASIC says the court ruling provided boardrooms with important guidance and direction .
Presenting ASIC 's submission to the court at a penalty hearing last month , Tony Bannon SC said : " Faced with a high - stakes decision , the board and the management were found wanting " .
After the judgement in April , Ms Hellicar and another former Hardie boss , Peter Willcox , announced they would step down from their board positions .
Funds running short
The case in many ways has been a Pyrrhic victory for victims of asbestos - related diseases who were exposed to James Hardie products .
The trust fund set up by James Hardie to pay victims will run out of money in early 2011 and the company says it cannot afford to make payments this year because of the global economic downturn .
The fund has asked for an emergency loan from the New South Wales and federal governments .
On Tuesday , James Hardie chief executive Louis Gries said the company would fulfil all its obligations to asbestos victims and any loan taken out by the fund would be repaid by James Hardie .
The building materials maker made a $ 95 million loss in the three months to the end of June but is hopeful the US housing market has bottomed .
It plans to relocate from Ireland to the Netherlands to save on tax bills if the shareholders approve the move .
The company says it faces tax penalties of $ US50 million every year if it remains in the Netherlands with the US as its main market .
The relocation will reduce payment to the compensation fund by $ US15 million .
Mr Gries said he was optimistic James Hardie would be able to resume payments to the fund next financial year if the US economy recovered .
Mr Gries joined James Hardie in 1991 and became chief executive in 2005 .
In an interview with the ABC , he refused to pass judgement on the way the former executives and directors handled asbestos compensation .
" When I took over corporate , I understood it was my job to manage the future ; I 'm not about managing the past , " he said .
" That 's not my job to decide what was done in the past is right or wrong , it 's my job to try and do what 's right in the future . "
The case is likely to be appealed by the defendants .
SEATTLE -- A Chinese executive has pleaded guilty in a plot to smuggle adulterated honey into the United States , one of two criminal cases on the subject filed this year .
Boa Zhong Zhang , vice president of Changge Jixiang Bee Products Ltd. in Henan Province , China , pleaded guilty Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Seattle to conspiracy to smuggle goods into the country by using false statements and to introducing adulterated foods into interstate commerce .
Zhang , who worked at the company for 30 years , faces up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine when he is sentenced Nov. 30 .
Still facing charges in the case is Chung Po Liu , 68 , of Bellevue , owner of Rainier Cascade and Evergreen Produce .
Both were charged with arranging to ship $ 1.6 million worth of honey to Thailand and the Philippines and relabel it as originating in those countries to avoid paying $ 3.3 million in U.S. punitive anti-dumping tariffs on honey from China .
A shipment in January 2008 was found to contain ciproflaxin , an antibiotic that is used to fight bacterial infections but in rare cases can cause tendon damage and is barred from the food supply .
In a related case , Yong Xiang Yan , 60 , board chairman of Changge , is charged in Chicago with conspiracy to import falsely labeled honey into the U.S .
In the Chicago case , Chinese honey listed as coming from Russia , Ukraine and possibly Poland was found to contain chloramphenicol , an antibiotic that is approved for treatment of serious infections in humans but not in bees or food - producing animals .
The indictment to which Zhang pleaded guilty identified Yan 's daughter , the foreign trade manager of Changge , as a co-conspirator .
She was not named in the document and has not been arrested or charged in Seattle .
Zhang and Yan were arrested May 6 in Los Angeles , three days after they arrived in the country from Zhengzhou , the main city in Henan Province .
Liu , who had been under investigation for more than a year , turned himself in May 6 .
He faces trial April 5 .
-- The Associated Press
Reblogging : you may use up to 4 of these photos if you wish to blog the article on your site .
Please provide a link back to this article also .
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
If you ever make your way to Colombia , try and time it just right so that you see Cano Cristales in all its glory .
Often called “ the most beautiful river in the world ” as well as “ the river of five colors , ” Cano Cristales is one of those destinations you almost have to see to believe .
Due to its remote location , it can only be accessed by horse , which makes seeing this river even more special .
During a brief span between the wet and dry seasons , when the water level is just right , the many varieties of algae and moss bloom in a dazzling display of colors ; blotches of amarillo , blue , green , black , and red–and a thousand shades in between .
Via Atlas Obscura
A common argument from those who do n't believe in man-made climate change goes like this :
A few years ago , everyone was calling it " global warming . "
Now they 're calling it " climate change . "
What gives ?
Some doubters smell conspiracy lurking in this semantic shift .
Asserting that global temperatures peaked in 1998 and are now falling – an assertion that is completely bogus , but whatever – they claim that environmentalists have sensed that the jig is up .
Unable to continue calling it " global warming " in the face of pesky facts , the argument goes , the greenies started calling it " climate change " and hoped nobody would notice .
Is that how it really went down ?
If the enviros are n't trying to pull a fast one , then why did they suddenly start using a different term to describe the same phenomena ?
They did n't .
" Climate change " predates " global warming " by many years .
" Global warming " came into vogue beginning in the 1980s , temporarily eclipsing the older term .
But people have been using the phrase " climate change " all along .
After all , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is 20 years old .
But let 's go way back to Nov. 3 , 1916 , courtesy of Google News 's archive search , where we 'll see a story in the Hartford ( Conn . )
Courant headlined , " Fossil Rocks in Canada Studied . "
The subhead under the headline reads , in part , " Measurement of Ice Flow Shows Climate Change . "
That story talks about prehistoric climatic shifts , though .
The earliest stories about human - caused climate change that use the term start to show up in Google 's archives in the 1930s .
Here 's one from 1937 , by the Los Angeles ' Times 's William S. Barton , headlined " Is the Earth Changing its Face , " with a summary that reads " Scientists are wondering in all seriousness if they can discover how to control the earth 's climate before the next scheduled Ice Age grinds civilization to bits beneath ten - mile - high glaciers ! "
Looks like we 've made some progress on this front .
Here 's another one from 1952 , also by the Times 's Mr. Barton , under the headline " Weather Expert Finds Little Climate Change . "
And here 's one from 1955 in the Hartford Courant headlined " Climate Change Seen As Hurricane Cause . "
At least one person in the 1950s saw a money - making opportunity here .
Check out this 1955 ad in the Spokane , Wash. , Spokesman - Review for a book titled " Today 's Revolution in Weather " Its author , William J. Baxter , MBA , warns of the " great climate change " that offers " big profits to those who get ready first " to capitalize on the warming Northwest .
By contrast , the first reference to " global warming " does n't appear in Google 's archives until the end of the next decade .
This Dec. 20 , 1969 story by United Press International headlined " Scientists Caution on Changes In Climate as Result of Pollution " is the first in Google News 's archives to unambiguously use the phrase " global warming " to describe the phenomena .
But even through the 1970s , news reports continued to overwhelmingly refer to global temperature increases as " climate change . "
This began to change in the 1980s , particularly after the 1988 Congressional testimony of NASA scientist James Hansen , who helped alert the public to rising global temperatures .
From 1980 to 2000 , " global warming " was almost twice as popular as " climate change . "
And then it started to swing back in the other direction , helped , in part by conservatives who thought " climate change " sounded less threatening .
None of this is to say that greens are n't canny about messaging .
In May , The New York Times 's John M. Broder spoke with experts in environmental communications who are advising activists to watch their language when trying to " sell " the public on curbing greenhouse gas emissions .
But to describe " climate change " as a recent coinage is simply false .
Much like the claims that all the scientists were worried about " global cooling " in the 1970s ( they were n't ) , such a description seeks to paint the dire warnings of climate scientists as nothing more than a fad .
It is n't .
The planet 's greenhouse effect was first theorized in 1824 by French mathematician and physicist Joseph Fourier , and first demonstrated experimentally in 1858 by Irish physicist John Tyndall .
Since then , the scientific community has steadily grown ever more concerned over the effects of increased carbon dioxide emissions .
Here 's one last example , a 1958 educational documentary produced by Frank Capra that issues a warning that sounds strikingly contemporary :
Random Price Low > High Price High > Low Name A - Z Name Z - A Newest to Oldest Oldest to Newest
Home Ramadan Gifts Ramadan Gifts Delivery in Karachi
Ramadan is a Blissful month for all Muslims of the World and people love to do out of way work for it .
It is just an ideal deal to be all that good and to find the great Ramadan Gift deal for your loved ones and friends .
If you are away from Karachi and want to show your affection for the ones you care then we are here .
Karachi Gifts has a long list of Special Ramadan Gifts Packages and Deals .
Here you can find the best kinds of things like the Student Biryani Deal or the Bundu Khan Iftari deal .
You can also send Cham Cham or Sindhari Mangoes to your family during the month of Ramadan with our delivery services .
Karachi Gifts cares about all types of occasions and how to cater our valuable clients .
Currently our services are for Karachi residents but we get orders from all across Pakistan and from people living aboard .
You can make a deal and that too for the best things in a row for sure .
Karachi Gifts has made special packages for Ramadan that includes the juices , squashes and Sharbats , Coke cans , Tang shachets , dates and other assortments .
It is also possible for you to come with s special purpose of getting a real case scenario of dealing with best kinds of mix Mithai or Cakes as well .
Here with Karachi Gifts you can arrange the Usmania restaurant Iftari Box or the Zameer Siddiqui ’s barbecue Aftari deal booked for your loved ones residing at Karachi .
You can send your fiancée or wife , a Chand Raat Box for Her as a token of love and your commitment .
If you are away and want to reassure the relationships then Karachi Gifts gives you a great chance for it , and with the delight of your own emotions seen through their eyes .
This silly playlet seemed to satisfy them completely as a picture of what they were doing , why they were doing it , and who was against them , and why some people were against them .
It was a beautifully simple picture these procession leaders had .
It was a though a navigator , in order to free his mind of worries , had erased all the reefs from the maps .
News in Science
Comet outburst sends fragments flying
Astronomers measuring the speed of fragments surrounding a comet that produced the largest outburst ever recorded , believe they have identified the source .
Comet 17P / Holmes presented spectacular viewing in October 2007 , when the 3.6 kilometre - wide comet split open , creating a sphere of debris the size of the Sun .
The comet brightened by a factor of a million , from magnitude 17 to magnitude 3 , in less than a day .
Dr Rachel Stevenson of the University of California , Los Angeles and colleagues observed the comet over nine nights in November 2007 using the Canada - France - Hawaii Telescope in Hawaii .
Their research was presented today at the European Planetary Science Congress in Potsdam , Germany .
The researchers used a digital filter , known as a Laplacian spatial filter , which enhances discontinuities within the image , enabling them to pick out faint , small - scale structures .
They discovered a number of small fragments spiralling from the comet 's central nucleus at speeds of up to 450 kilometres per hour .
The brightness of the fragments revealed they were not rocks but rather ' mini comets ' creating their own coma , a halo of dust and gas lit by sunlight , the researchers say .
Blast from within
Stevenson says this suggests the fragments were not blasted from the comet by a collision , but from its own internal pressure .
" There are not many ways to eject fragments to such high speeds , so the discovery of these fragments allows us to rule out some possible causes of the outburst , such as a collision with another object in space , or material being flung off as the comet spun rapidly , " she says .
" We suggest that pressure from gas built up inside the comet and eventually was strong enough to blast away some of the comet 's surface . "
Typically a comet 's surface is dark .
But gas released from the comet 's core as it is heated by the Sun produces a glowing coma .
Dust and the effects of solar radiation produce the characteristic tail .
" Initially we thought this comet was unique simply because of the scale of the outburst , " says Stevenson .
" But we soon realised that the aftermath of the outburst showed unusual features , such as these fast - moving fragments , that have not been detected around other comets . "
Surprisingly , the comet nucleus survived the outburst , as it did during a similar event in November 1892 .
The short - period comet orbits the Sun every six years and is due to return in 2014 .
Not unique
Comet hunter Gordon Garradd of the Australian National University 's Siding Spring Observatory says the cause of comet outbursts is unknown , but could be a combination of solar heating and gravitational effects .
" Comets are thought to be very friable , fragile objects that are not held together very tightly , " he says .
" Solar heating disrupts the surface allowing fissures to develop with further outgassing . "
Garradd believes Comet Holmes ' behaviour is n't unique and expects most comets to exhibit similar behaviour .
" It can happen to any comet , there 's nothing specific about Holmes . "
Thirty - three weeks pregnant with twins , yet determined to lead her talented University of Maryland women 's basketball team into the national championships , coach Brenda Frese – known for energetically pacing the sideline – found a novel way to relieve her aching lower back during a home game this month :
She had an office chair rolled onto the gym floor .
The result , amplified by a giant color photo in USA Today of a seated , beach - ball - bellied Ms. Frese thrusting her fist into the air , was a powerful visual metaphor for women in the world of sports .
Frese 's example , like Paula Radcliffe training through pregnancy and winning the 2007 New York City Marathon , does n't camouflage – but actually flaunts – the fact that women are physically different than men .
It also challenges an assumption that still dogs women today :
The female body is athletically inferior to a male body .
For all the progress women have made – in government , business , and the military – the shadow of female frailty still shapes the environment of sports .
To study the structure of organized athletics today – from youth leagues to the Olympics – is to see a system that feeds the faulty belief that females can't play as long , as well , or as hard as males .
The strict gender segregation of almost all sports is considered normal , even progressive .
But separate , it turns out , is not equal .
No , this is not just about athletics .
It 's about how we view and value one another .
That 's why it 's critical that we create a sports culture that is truly co-ed .
Historical prejudice
To be sure , this effort runs counter to centuries of prejudice .
Credit Aristotle for locating female inferiority precisely in the body part men lack : the uterus .
The Victorians perfected this argument , as a cadre of 19th - century physicians and craniologists laid down the " science " explaining the female 's natural weakness .
Of course , it was rooted in the reproductive role and occasioned all manner of " protections , " restrictions , and rest .
Ads for Nike and Gatorade may feature well - muscled , sweat - drenched women athletes pushing personal boundaries , but institutional boundaries remain rigid .
Consider :
• Men 's pro tennis players play five sets .
Women play three ( a holdover from 1902 , when the US Lawn Tennis Association cut women 's play , fearing over - exertion ) .
• A 12 - year - old girl who enters a local tournament sanctioned by US Kids Golf plays just nine holes ; a boy her age in the same tournament plays 18 – regardless of their relative skill or experience .
• Co-ed adult sports leagues are rife with special " gender rules " to accommodate the supposedly weaker female sex .
In some basketball leagues , women get two points for every basket ; the men get just one .
In touch football , a female touchdown is worth seven points ; a male TD earns six .
A 24 - year - old who plays on a co-ed softball team recently shared with us her annoyance at rules ( no more than two men bat in a row , men hit larger balls , etc… ) which presume that any male player is better than every female player .
Her beef ?
She played Division I college softball .
Of course , there are physical differences between men as a group and women as a group .
That would support different rules for super - physical sports such as boxing and tackle football .
But how does that account for the disparities in billiards and bridge ?!
Indeed , given that females are physiologically suited for ultra-endurance events , why are women 's Olympic events slightly shorter than men's ?
The answer to all these questions , in some form , is that sport is not merely about the game .
It is , rather , about the identities of those who play and watch the game .
It 's about what gets established and reinforced every time sex - segregated formulas cast males as categorically superior to females .
Sports matter – and probably far more than they should .
Many more people tune into the Super Bowl than the president 's State of the Union address .
When we invest in sports as fans , parents , and recreational players , whether we know it or not , we become complicit in a deeply gendered institution in which male superiority and female inferiority are played out as clearly as HDTV .
Ironically , though , we 've come to accept this differential treatment of males and females as " normal . "
It appears to be all right to charge $ 4 to see the Rutgers women 's soccer team play and $ 7 to see the men 's team play , for example .
Likewise , it seems that no one complained ( or hardly noticed ) when a Massachusetts youth soccer league put a warning in a bold - framed box at the top of the online registration page for Spring 2008 .
Local officials were no doubt trying to be helpful – but also reflecting a norm played out in communities across the country .
It read , " Note : If you are attempting to register a daughter , please be aware that Newton Youth Soccer is co-ed , but primarily boys . "
Replace gender descriptors with words reflecting race or religion , and the problem becomes appalling .
Be aware that Jews are welcome , but the league is mostly gentiles ?
Be aware that blacks are allowed , but the program is primarily white ?
No way .
Sports are a path to social , economic , and political success .
It is not enough to permit girls to play with boys ; girls playing equally with boys should be the model .
Individual ability – not gender – should be the first line drawn when organizing play , especially when sex - based athletic differences are trivial .
Title IX did open doors to girls and women to play sports on a broad scale .
But it never demanded equality .
Passed at a time when few could imagine the impressive , talented female athletes we have today , the law has codified a sex - separate athletic system in which men's sports are at the center and women's at the periphery .
It 's an insult in a non-revenue setting to charge unequal ticket prices .
And for marquee sports such as college men's and women 's basketball , there should be equal promotion at those institutions receiving federal funds .
Some argue that because the men " play above the rim " it 's a more exciting game .
Ridiculous .
" Exciting " is about talent in the face of talent : competition .
The Women 's Final Four in recent years has been every bit as nail - biting as the men's NCAA playoff .
Differences in style of play certainly do n't keep fans from tuning into college football just because of the NFL .
Men and women , playing together
Some worry that having males and females take the field or court together would be a disaster for women 's sports .
It may be true that the top male players in the most competitive athletic events outperform the top female players .
But look at the larger pool and you see vast overlap in the athletic performance of males and females .
Plus , " having game " is not just about raw speed or strength .
If that were the case , NFL scouts who clock college players in the 40 - yard dash and note how much they bench press would have a simple job on draft day .
They do n't .
Because females have historically faced athletic disadvantages , they should be able to play on all - female teams if they choose .
But they should n't be barred from playing on traditionally male teams .
It 's in our collective interest to create a playing structure that encourages men and women – at whatever level they can compete – to pass the ball to one another .
Professional golf shows us multiple ways to create compelling competition .
Stroke play , match play , partner play , skins .
Why not pair Tiger Woods and Annika Sorenstam against Phil Mickelson and Lauren Ochoa ?
Who would n't watch ?
The road to coed play – like the road to the Final Four – goes through many venues .
Let 's recognize that creating such opportunities is not only possible , but critical .
Because sports – however much we may wish it were just play – carries wider social and political implications .
So credit Maryland coach Brenda Frese for showing off her reproductive power and her coaching power in a single , provocative vision .
And know that one who dared register for that " primarily boys " soccer league ( and try out for Little League ) is a 9 - year - old girl who intuitively " gets " the athletic power axis .
She wears her hair short , wears boy 's clothes , and will only play on teams with boys .
Her mom told us why : " She wants to be taken seriously . "
• Laura Pappano and Eileen McDonagh are coauthors of " Playing with the Boys : Why Separate is Not Equal in Sports . "
3 - D printers can take blobs of plastic and shape them into almost any object you desire .
Now , thanks to open source hardware designs and enthusiastic do - it - yourselfers , these printers are increasingly popular and accessible .
People are using them to fabricate iPod docks , plastic bracelets , hair clips and miniature teapots at home .
The latest is Makerbot , a 3 - D printer that started shipping in April and has sold more than 200 machines .
" You put it together , and it makes things for you , " says Bre Pettis , co-founder of Makerbot .
" Engineers , artists , architects and designers are getting [ Makerbots ] to turn the things of their imagination into real , physical objects . "
Makerbot also has a vibrant online community that is sharing designs and tips on how to churn out shiny little toys in just a few hours .
3 - D printers can make it as easy to create small objects out of plastic as it is to print text on a sheet of paper .
But until recently , they cost a few thousand dollars , putting them of the reach of crafting enthusiasts .
Now a wave of open source desktop prototyping devices such as Makerbot and RepRap are trying to change that .
They are fairly inexpensive and backed by a robust community that is happy to share designs , tips and mods .
Hobbyists call it ' having China on your desktop . '
Makerbot is available at store.makerbot.com .
It costs $ 750 for the basic kit and includes , among other things , three NEMA 17 motors to drive the machine ; nuts , bolts , bearings , belts and pulleys to assemble it ; an electronics motherboard ; and a pinch - wheel extruder to shape objects .
But if you want all the tools , cables and the power supply , the deluxe kit comes for $ 950 .
Hobbyists must first assemble the Makerbot from the kit .
It does n't require much beyond a soldering iron and some basic skills , says Pettis .
Most of the electronic boards are pre-assembled and soldered , so users do n't have to do much beyond bolting the different parts together .
Once Makerbot is ready , it 's time to start printing .
Users can feed in two kinds of plastics : ABS , the same material that Lego is made of , and HDPE , which is used in milk jugs .
Based on the different open source designs available , they can create anything from plastic bracelets to salt and pepper shakers .
Makerbot can create things up to 4 by 4 by 6 inches .
" We have a lot of users who come up with wacky items , " says Adam Mayer , a co-founder at Makerbot .
" Someone printed a plug for his bath tub using the Makerbot . "
One of the first objects that Mayer created for his Makerbot machine was a ' Utah teapot ' .
The Utah teapot is a 3 - D computer model of a teapot that is a standard reference object in the computer - graphics industry , explains Mayer .
" Whenever you have a computer - graphics textbook , there 's a Utah teapot in there , " says Mayer .
" In movies , animators will sneak in a Utah - teapot image .
I wanted to add a bottom to it and turn it into an object that can be printed off the Makerbot . "
Mayer 's Utah teapot design has been replicated by other Makerbot users .
Because the Makerbot is open source , many of the designs for the objects are available online , and users can download and modify them .
Pettis and his team have created Thingiverse , a site to share the digital designs for Makerbot - created objects .
Some ideas there can border on the bizarre .
A Creative Commons–licensed model of Walt Disney 's head was recently uploaded to Thingiverse , combined with a model of his brain .
The result is a Disney head , ready to be printed out in plastic , and in all its 3 - D glory .
Last weekend , Makerbot Cupcake CNC got its own store on Etsy , an eBay - like site for handcrafted objects .
The store is the first Etsy shop for 3 - D printed goods , and it will carry items such as a monogrammed iPod dock .
" We will have just bot - made items in there , " says Will Langford , 18 , a Makerbot user and now an intern at the company .
" And keeping in mind the sensibilities of Etsy users , we will have jewelery and artistic items whose prices will be based on how long it takes to print them off the machine . "
For instance , an iPod dock , which takes about 30 minutes to print , is priced at $ 32 .
Langford , 18 , is one of the few users of the 3 - D printers looking to take a shot at creating a business out of what has up to now been an extreme sport for hobbyists .
He is n't counting on making big bucks from his Makerbot Etsy store .
It 's a way to get cool - looking 3 - D printer products out to a larger audience , he says .
Check out more photos of Makerbot creations below .
Adam Mayer used Makerbot to create this Utah teapot .
Will Langford 's iPod dock is available at the Makerbot Etsy store .
The connectors on Will Langford 's wall clock were created using Makerbot .
See Also :
Top photo : Makerbot ( Bre Pettis / Flickr ) **
Bottom photos : Adam Mayer , Will Langford *
JUST BROWSING
C train at 135th Street , 9:30 a.m .
The blue bag balanced on her lap was packed full of health care administration textbooks and homework , but Deborah Hairston , who works in the cancer unit at NewYork - Presbyterian / Columbia hospital was using her commute to peruse the catalogs that stuff her mailbox each week .
“ Sometimes I find things I want to buy , but most of the time I am just browsing , ” she said , paging past a display of bead - embellished Chadwicks cardigans .
“ I do n’t want to read the news or get involved with anything too heavy .
I have enough of that in my life . ”
A PAGE A DAY
B train at 96th Street , 10 a.m .
To learn the Talmud , many of its students read one of its 2,711 pages each day .
And it helps to have a chevruta , or study partner .
Harry and David Zinstein , brothers from Washington Heights , generally conduct their Daf Yomi  page of the day , in Hebrew  study sessions en route to work on the Upper West Side .
Except on Wednesday , which turns out to be a kind of day of rest for Harry , the elder of the two Zinsteins at 28 .
A manager at Mike ’s Bistro , a kosher restaurant on West 72nd Street , Harry Zinstein forgoes his subway Talmud study those days to read the Dining section of The New York Times .
“ It ’s the only thing I read on the train except for the Talmud , ” he said , his thick , leather - bound Babylonian text tucked inside his messenger bag for later consumption .
“ And it ’s the perfect length for the commute . ”
David Zinstein , 19 , who is studying in Israel but spent the summer working for his brother , sat to the right , reading his Aramaic tractates ( with English translations ) .
“ I always read the Talmud on the subway , ” he said .
“ Even on Wednesdays . ”
MULTITASKING
A train at 23rd Street , 12:30 p.m .
Donalay Thomas is the kind of reader who creates a private space for herself among the multitudes , whether she is squashed by the door or has a whole row of seats to herself .
With her iPod earbuds firmly in place ( “ On the Ocean , ” from an R & B album by K’Jon ) and a thick hardcover ( “ Resurrecting Midnight , ” by Eric Jerome Dickey ) open on her lap , Ms. Thomas , head down , can zone out and leave the world behind .
The United States Navy will be decimating millions of marine mammals and other aquatic life , each year , for the next five years , under their Warfare Testing Range Complex Expansions in the Atlantic , Pacific , and the Gulf of Mexico .
The National Marine Fisheries Service ( NMFS under NOAA ) , has already approved the “ taking ” of marine mammals in more than a dozen Navy Range Warfare Testing Complexes ( 6 ) , and is preparing to issue another permit for 11.7 millions marine mammals ( 32 Separate Species ) , to be decimated along the Northern , California , Oregon and Washington areas of the Pacific Ocean ( 7 ) .
U.S. Department of Commerce – NOAA ( NMFS ) Definition : “ TAKE ” Defined under the MMPA as “ harass , hunt , capture , kill or collect , or attempt to harass , hunt , capture , kill or collect . ”
Defined under the ESA as “ to harass , harm , pursue , hunt , shoot , wound , kill , trap , capture , or collect , or to attempt to engage in any such conduct . ”
Definition : Incidental Taking :
An unintentional , but not unexpected taking ( 12 ) .
The total number of marine mammals that will be decimated in the Atlantic , Pacific and the Gulf of Mexico for the next five years is unknown .
The NMFS approvals will have a devastating impact upon the marine mammal populations worldwide and this last Navy permit , which is expected to be issued in February 2010 , for the “ taking ” of more than 11.7 million marine mammals in the Pacific will be the final nail in the coffin for any healthy populations of sea life to survive .
Now with ever - increasing numbers of permits being issued for sonar programs in more than twelve ranges in the Pacific , Gulf of Mexico , and the Atlantic regions of the United States , our marine mammals and other sea life are facing complete devastation .
When you add bomb blasts to this list , warfare testing of all types , future war testing practice , and the toxic chemicals which are both airborne and to be used underwater , there is little chance that most marine life will survive in any significant numbers .
Our U.S. Senators and U.S. Congressmen refuse to postpone these disastrous “ takings ” or hold U.S. Congressional Hearings while pretending to be ocean environment friendly in their re-election speeches .
Earlier this year , June 8th through June 16 , 2009 , a delegation from Connecticut and California spent time walking the halls of the U.S. Senate and U.S. House of Representatives .
We left petitions , color fliers , and information about saving our marine mammals , requested a postponement and U.S. Congressional Hearings .
Ninety - nine senate offices were visited and 2/3 of offices in the U.S. House of Representatives .
The silent response from our elected officials regarding these two requests has been zero…one U.S. Congressman even stated that citizens would be “ laughed out of the halls of the U.S. Congress for suggesting that we protect our marine mammals ” .
Corporate paid “ Lobbyists ” , who hand out money by the $ Millions , on the other hand , are always accepted at hearings , give testimony , and are welcomed in the halls of Congress … apparently the voices of citizens of the United States are not given the same status .
These virtually unregulated Navy Warfare Testing Programs already approved are now taking a toll on marine mammals , the fishing and ocean tourism industries , and on all aquatic life .
Many U.S. Senators and Congressmen are ignoring these issues by pretending that they does n’t exist even though they have been informed in advance of these programs .
A brief history of the Navy Warfare Testing Program is needed to understand the full implications of this Pentagon / Navy Warfare Testing Program .
In 2004 , the Bush Administration signed a bill weakening U.S. Environmental Laws ( 1 ) , with regard to the U.S. Navy .
And then in 2008 , President Bush signed an executive order allowing the Navy to be exempt from environmental laws which protects endangered and threatened species ( 2 - 4 ) .
The Navy Southern California Complex was the first one to benefit from this executive order .
Soon other Navy Range Complexes were obtaining exemptions from the NMFS with little or no oversight or significant mitigation measures ( 5 ) .
A partial listing of known Navy Range Complexes ( 6 ) , shows the amazing scope of the disaster .
According to U.S. Congressman Waxman in a letter dated March 12 , 2009 : “ … The Navy estimates that its sonar training activities will “ take ” marine mammals more than 11.7 million times over the course of a five - year permit …
The sonar exercises at issue would take place off the Atlantic and Pacific coasts , Hawaii , Alaska and in the Gulf of Mexico – affecting literally every coastal state .
In many regions , the Navy plans to increase the number of training exercises or expand the areas in which they may occur .
Of particular concern are biologically sensitive marine habitats off our coasts , such as National Marine Sanctuary and other breeding habitats …
In all , the Navy anticipates that its sonar exercises will “ take ” marine mammals more than 2.3 million times per year , or 11.7 million times over the course of a 5 - year permit… . ”
This statement was made in response to public inquiries regarding the Navy Northwest Training Range schedule for Northern California , Oregon , Washington , and Idaho .
KTVU Oakland San Francisco Television Station is the only television station to investigate and air a story about this U.S. Navy program ( 13 ) , on May 18 , 2009 .
It took a great deal of courage , in the face of the fact that no other major television networks would carry this story .
A few courageous radio stations are also helping to get the word out to the public .
Published in the United States Federal Register on March 11 , 2009 :
The United States Navy published an application , as an addendum to their expanded Warfare Testing program , in the U.S. Federal Register , dated March 11 , 2009 .
This application from the Navy “ …requests authorization to take individuals of 32 species of marine mammals during upcoming Navy Warfare testing and training to be conducted in the NWTR areas ( off the Pacific coasts of Washington , Oregon , and northern California ) over the course of 5 years … ”
The Navy Warfare Testing Program will “ … utilize mid- and high frequency active sonar sources and explosive detonations .
These sonar and explosive sources will be utilized during Antisubmarine Warfare ( ASW ) Tracking Exercises , Mine Avoidance Training , Extended Echo Ranging and Improved Extended Echo Ranging ( EER / IEER ) events , Missile Exercises , Gunnery Exercises , Bombing Exercises , Sinking Exercises , and Mine Warfare Training … ” ( More listed in Navy E.I.S . )
The “ taking ” of marine mammals negatively impacts the entire ecology of our oceans and the life in them which feeds large numbers of people and other species around the world .
It should be noted that the list of toxic chemicals that the Navy proposes to use is a long one as noted in the Navy E.I.S.
Depleted uranium , red and white phosphorus , mercury , lead , and a whole host of chemicals known to be toxic not only to man , but to marine life , are being served up on the “ Navy Warfare Chemical Menu ” that will contaminate our air , water , and soil .
Since all of the Navy Warfare Training Range Complexes have received , or will receive in the near future , permits to “ take ” marine mammals during their respective 5 - year warfare training programs the cumulative and synergistic effects of losing millions of marine mammals will be disastrous .
It is time to say no to any future permits being issued by the National Marine Fisheries Services .
Please feel free to file protests by the August 12 , 2009 , deadline National Marine Fisheries Service ( 9 ) , regarding the U.S. Navy Environmental Impact Statement ( 10 ) .
On May 28 , 2009 , U.S. Congressman Mike Thompson from California , in a Press Release to NOAA , made the following statements which could be directed toward any ocean Navy testing range :
“ … I am concerned about the United States Navy ’s ability to properly review the environmental impacts of proposed enhancements in its Northwest Training Range Complex ( NWTRC ) …
I am particularly concerned that NOAA ’s existing mitigation measures may not be best suited for the protected marine mammals and endangered salmonids present in the Pacific Northwest …
I am also concerned about proposed changes to current levels of activity in the NWTRC that focus on training for new aircraft and ship classes and physical enhancements to the training range .
The Navy ’s Environmental Impact Statement ( EIS ) acknowledges that these changes , particularly those related to its increased use of mid-frequency sonar , are likely to have measurable impacts on 32 protected marine mammal species known to inhabit the NWTRC … ”
Congressman Thompson continues : “ … As the Navy moves forward with plans to train on new weapons systems , it is essential that NOAA identifies the environmental impacts of these new aircraft , ships and submarines – and their accompanying mitigation measures – specifically with reference to the productive ocean habitats and species that define the Pacific Coast …
I am not aware of any specific elements included in the evaluation and am concerned that the review will be inadequate to address the Navy ’s EIS with respect to protection of Pacific Coast ocean ecosystems .
NOAA ’s comprehensive review is particularly important given that the Navy has estimated shipboard visual monitoring for marine mammals – the most commonly employed sonar mitigation measure – to be effective only 9 % of the time .
It is important that NOAA take immediate steps to validate its comprehensive review of mitigation measures .
Specifically , I request that you provide my office with an outline of the comprehensive review process and answers to the following questions :
1 . What mitigation measures will be reviewed during NOAA ’s process ?
2 . What data will NOAA use to identify those mitigation measures best able to protect marine species ?
3 . How will your agency ’s recommendations target specific species , habitats or training activities of concern ?
4 . How will NOAA ’s recommendations address sonar impacts to species other than marine mammals ?
5 . How will NOAA or the Navy establish performance standards to ensure that recommended mitigation measures are functioning as intended ? … ”
The public should also be informed of any information received by Congressman Thompson ’s office .
In addition , there are a few more questions which need to be answered :
1 . What are the synergistic and cumulative effects of all the permits that have been issued in the last two years to Naval Range Complex requests ?
2. Bomb blasts and toxic chemicals are also being tested by the Navy and NOAA reviews are not including information on the Navy Hazardous Waste and Toxic Chemicals sections of the Navy E.I.S. , such as bioaccumulation of chemicals in the food chain , death from exposure to toxic chemicals and bomb blasts .
3 . The Navy will also be conducting classified future warfare testing .
Since the public is not to be informed of those tests , chemicals being used , electromagnetic weapons systems , and other air or land based tests , who is protecting sea life , human health , water , soil , and air from pollution and other experimental tests ?
4. Human health from airborne pollutants , toxic debris , and shoreline contamination from toxic chemicals should also be considered in the NMFS evaluation .
The protection of cruise ships , fishermen , ocean tourists , U.S. Coastguard personnel , and the public who swim in the ocean should also be considered in their evaluations .
This is not just a marine mammal issue .
It is now time for all of us to weigh in with regard to these warfare programs which will devastate our marine mammals , pollute our air and water , and have negative impacts on human health .
We should have U.S. Congressional Hearings and a postponement of these programs until such time as the public can be informed about these issues .
For more information contact : Rosalind Peterson [ email protected ]
Website : californiaskywatch.com
Website : agriculturedefensecoalition.org
The rest of us will want to focus on two questions .
How serious is Washington about slowing the soaring the growth in health costs ?
And will Washington figure out a way to cover most of the uninsured ?
As it happens , there is one policy that can help with both issues .
It ’s the same policy that will allow Congress to solve its herculean budget problem :
Taxing health care .

In recent days , the Finance Committee has been considering precisely such a tax , on the health benefits that Americans receive from their employers .
The fact that these benefits are not taxed , as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology economist Jonathan Gruber notes , stems from “ nothing more than an arbitrary administrative decision made 60 years ago . ”
Unfortunately , that decision created all kinds of economic damage .
Because health care  unlike food , clothing and most other things  is n’t taxed , it ’s effectively on sale .
And when something is on sale , people often buy more of it than they need .
In the case of health care , they buy  or their employer buys for them  insurance plans that do n’t make much of an effort to control costs .
Rather than putting pressure on hospitals to root out administrative waste , the plans cover the cost of that waste .
They also cover the costs of brand - name drugs that are no more effective than generic alternatives and other kinds of expensive care that do little to improve health .
As a result , the tax exclusion ultimately raises your tax bill , via wasteful Medicare spending .
Indeed , if there is a single health care idea on which liberal and conservatives agree  including Douglas Elmendorf , director of the influential Congressional Budget Office  it ’s scrapping the exclusion .
Yet many politicians are loath to come out against the exclusion , for the obvious reason that it makes them sound pro-tax .
The Blue Dogs may be the best example .
They have rightly pushed House leaders to be tougher about holding down cost growth .
But most Blue Dogs have not been willing to get specific , on the tax exclusion or most everything else .
Are ants taking over the planet ?
Well , they 've definitely spread , and they know which ants are on their colonial " team . "
In fact , a single colony consisting of billions of Argentine ants , originally natives of South America , have spread onto every continent save Antarctica , thanks to human activity .
Even more remarkable , the insects can tell which ants are from their own colony , even if they live on different continents .
When scientists placed ants from the Argentine colony together , even if they were taken from other countries , they were amiable ( i.e. , nonviolent ) to each other .
Contrast that with the aggression ants from separate colonies displayed when they came into contact with each other , according to the BBC :
Argentine ants are renowned for forming large colonies , and for becoming a significant pest , attacking native animals and crops .
In Europe , one vast colony of Argentine ants is thought to stretch for 6,000 km ( 3,700 miles ) along the Mediterranean coast , while another in the US , known as the ' Californian large ' , extends over 900 km along the coast of California .
A third huge colony exists on the west coast of Japan ....
Ants from the smaller super - colonies were always aggressive to one another .
So ants from the west coast of Japan fought their rivals from Kobe , while ants from the European super - colony did n't get on with those from the Iberian colony .
But whenever ants from the main European and Californian super - colonies and those from the largest colony in Japan came into contact , they acted as if they were old friends .
Experts say the ants likely are genetically related , so they recognized the chemical composition of each others ' cuticles .
We , for one , welcome our new insect overlords .
Related Content : Discoblog : Bees on a Plane !
10,000 Bees Swarm an Airplane Wing in Massachusetts Discoblog : Townspeople Thwart Cricket Invasion by Blasting Led Zeppelin Discoblog : U.S. Military Takes on the War Against … Bugs
Image : flickr / striatic
One letter Domains in danger of extinction
Update 2015 :
I do n't know of many geeks / private individuals who own a 1 - letter domain , so I would consider it a loss to give up y.nu .
But 500 EUR just for the fun of having a short e-mail address is a luxury I wo n't be able to afford forever .
My idea : if there are a few nerds around interested in doing something nice with this domain ( short URLs for service you want short , like URL shortening or the my - IP service on ip .y. nu - and of course short email - adresses ) let 's share the cost ...
So : if you would like to have a short email ( like a@y.nu ) including a matching A - record like a.y.nu ( or a full delegation ) and are willing to share the yearly cost , mail me at r@y.nu ( try to mention save .y. nu in the subject ) as long as this is still possible :)
Expecting about 20 participants about 20 EUR / year for a 1 - letter Subdomain should be fair .
Offer whatever you want for longer names you 'd like - there are surel.y man.y sill .y options to build .
I prefer bitcoin payment and multiple years in advance ensure your ownership of the delegation for that time ...
In the hope to get this to work ...
Florida Governor Charlie Crist is running for the U.S. Senate next year , and we wonder if one reason is that he does n't want to be in Tallahassee when the next hurricane hits his state .
His veto of a hurricane insurance reform bill last week all but guarantees a state disaster on top of any wrought by Mother Nature .
The bill would have trimmed the cost of a state - run enterprise that insures homeowners against storm damage .
The program has an $ 18 billion unfunded liability and has taxpayers on the line for tens of billions ...
When we watch others shed their clothes , what do we reveal about ourselves ?
The Chippendales are in Britain this month to kick off a 20 - city European tour , and the girls at the Spearmint Rhino lap - dancing club are always available .
This week , I have been to both to wonder what – if anything – is exposed alongside the flesh ?
In Edinburgh , the Chippendale audience piles in .
It 's a Barry Manilow convention attacked by a hen party and digested by Sex and the City .
There are old women , young women , pretty women and angry women .
Everyone is in a group – there are no solitary customers – and everyone wants to sit together at the front , close to the nudity .
I expect to see women climbing on to the chandelier , like bats crawling up a wall .
They are excited – and showing that they are excited .
Their behaviour is precisely opposite to what women are supposed to do when they like men .
What are you here for , I ask one group of teenagers .
" Naked men ! " they scream .
What about you , I ask another lady , who must be 80 .
" Antique furniture is wonderful to see on stage , " she quips .
The hall goes dark and a voice shouts out : " Welcome to the ultimate girls ' night out in Edinburgh !
Do n't forget to visit the merchandising stall on your way out !
Are you ready ? "
Yes , we scream , and out come the Chippendales , dressed as builders .
They swing their thighs , and look ecstatic , like cartoon heroes .
It feels joyous .
I am clapping .
I do n't know why I am clapping , or when I started .
And I do n't think we are clapping the Chippendales as they churn through every hackneyed female fantasy – the policeman , the fireman , the soldier , the gangster .
We are clapping ourselves , because we can be lecherous and bestial , and we can scream it .
The Chippendales walk out into the audience .
I was expecting the bolder women , the ones who leap into the air to catch the Chippendales ' T - shirts like expert netball players , to lunge and go for tongue kisses and intimate gropes .
But it does n't happen .
When we are offered them at close range , we go shy .
Instead of running up to them , we move away .
We seem to be avoiding them .
There is not a single woman here who actually wants to have sex with a Chippendale .
We are all mouth , and no panties .
Sex has left the building .
We want cuddles , not tongues .
The Chippendales respond by becoming avuncular , and gracious .
They hug us and kiss our hands .
They have turned from sex gods into kindly male relatives .
Outside I meet a woman who jumped for a T - shirt , fighting off other women to get it .
" I 'm not that bothered about it now , " she tells me , " Do you want it ? "
It is a fantasy , and the women here know it is .
They seem happy , almost relieved , to let it go .
It was a day trip to Disneyland where Mickey Mouse has monster abs .
The Spearmint Rhino Club in London , by contrast , is subterranean and windowless .
There are a few men sitting alone , watching a naked woman dance .
It is a pensive dance , oozing melancholy .
Around the room , perhaps 20 young women , in tiny dresses and porn - star shoes , vie for the men 's attention .
It does n't feel joyous ; if the rhino had a face , it would be weeping .
The financial dynamic is different .
The women pay the club £ 85 a night , but will earn £ 20 for a lap - dance and £ 400 for a " sit - down " , where they accompany the men to a private booth and dance for up to an hour .
To earn the money , they have to beg .
They have to walk up to the men and persuade them to pay the cash .
They all have different techniques .
One smiles from a distance .
One bounces down on to a man 's lap .
One licks her lips .
I watch an elderly man with the face of Count Dracula holding hands with a gloriously beautiful young black woman .
He has n't booked a dance yet but she is holding hands with him in hope .
He squeezes her thigh .
She laughs .
Another man watches a blonde pole - dancing on the bar .
He is staring at her , but yawns openly .
She smiles , puts her fingers to her lips , and says , " Shush " .
The manager brings two girls over to speak to me .
One is about 30 , with a beautiful cat - like face .
The other is younger and has the open , perfect face of a child .
Her breasts are totally exposed .
Do they ever get aroused dancing ?
" Never , " says the child - like one .
" It is like any other job , " says the other , " You have your down days and your up days . "
" There are four types of men who come here , " she says .
" There is the one who thinks he will meet his next wife .
There is the curious man .
There is the businessman who brings his clients to nail a deal .
And then there is the man who never spends any money . "
She gestures towards Count Dracula .
" He is here four times a week and never pays for a lap - dance . "
He is still touching the black girl 's thigh .
So why do they do it ?
" The money , " says the younger girl .
Sometimes she makes £ 2,000 a night .
What do you enjoy about it ?
" Nothing , " she says .
" You imagine hearing the same conversation every night for four years .
Shall I ask you what your tattoo means 20 times a night ? "
And why do the men do it ?
" To pull a stripper is on every young guy 's list , " says the older girl .
" The older men know we will talk to them .
They have their pick .
It 's a power trip . "
I did n't want to come to a conclusion as prosaic as Chippendales good , lap - dancing rhinos bad .
Even as I watched the Chippendales play dirty cowboys , I wondered why they were doing it .
But at least they were worshipped .
The power dynamic at Spearmint Rhino seems entirely different .
The men can make these beautiful women compete for them , when in real life they never would .
There was no joy or even appreciation .
As I leave , I wonder – have I seen a dark part of human sexuality , sliding wonkily down a pole ?
This week Tanya watched the Mariinsky Ballet Company perform Swan Lake at the Royal Opera House .
" Ballet dancers do n't eat .
Were their exquisite movements really shouting , " I want some chips ! " ?
She read Vanity Fair .
" Michael Jackson is still completely dead " .
Sex Dating Sites
Teenagers and adults prefer and use different types of websites rich in entertaining content .
They are willing to use the world - class resources and modern technologies to improve their leisure on online .
As an adult with a desire to find and meet a local fuck buddy tonight , you have to prefer and use the hookup app right now .
You can focus on everything about the free dating sites no sign up right now and take note of attractive things about this app in detail .
You have to read unbiased reviews of this app and make a better - informed decision to enhance your adult fun .
You will get remarkable benefits from a proper use of the hookup app and be encouraged to successfully use such app .
Sex Dating Sites Individuals in the friends with benefits relationship nowadays get the most expected benefits and recommend the reputable dating websites as well as hookup apps they use .
They think smart and seek advice from experts in the hookup facilities .
This is because they understand the importance of enhancing their proficiency in the hookup apps and using the best guidance for enjoying their sex life .
You may get confused with different options about the free online dating without registration and think about how to successfully enhance your adult fun further .
You can directly contact the official website of the free to browse dating sites provider and take note of the recent updates of new free dating site without any payment .
2 Fuck Your Free Membership includes Unlimited Member Profile Viewing & Advanced Searching so you can find the girl in your area that appeals to you .
Meet Local Girls
Ashley Madison
Find a discreet hookup !
Join millions of people exploring like - minded , discreet dating .
Free Hookup
Lifetime Fuckbook Never Pay For A Dating Site Again !
Hot Girls Online Now !
Free Dating For Life .
Free Adult Dating !
100 % FREE ACCESS !
Free Sex
Best Hookup Sites ?
It is the right time to be aware of how to get and keep a best adult sites to spice up the sex life in different aspects .
You can contact and discuss with experts in the fuck buddy dating ideas soon after you have decided to find and meet such free dating sites without payment .
You will get enough assistance and ensure about the easy way to enjoy the legit hookup sites sex life further .
Beginners and regular users of the sex apps these days get more than expected benefits .
They are happy about how to take pleasure in the adult entertaining activities .
They get ever - increasing suggestions to spice up the sex life and ensure about the easy way to enjoy the sexual fun in different ways .
DoYouWant .
Me Join DoUWant.me , flirt in online chat rooms with local singles and start to develop a romantic relationship online !
Sign Up Here
Adult FriendFinder ** WELL RENOWNED SITE **
With millions of members worldwide , Adult FriendFinder is the best dating site to find adult singles and swingers for discreet hookups and casual sex near you .
Local Hookups
SnapSext SnapSext is an online space for people who would like to have fun !
Meet other members in your area looking for some great times .
Profiles can be made discreet , safe , and fun !
Meet Local Girls
Free Dating Sites – No Sign up !
Many men and women have a mutual sexual attraction , but do not be interested in each other in the romantic way .
They can prefer the casual sex at first and improve their way to arrange the setup of friend with benefits when they gradually and romantically interested in each other .
Finding the fuck buddy through the casual dating sites is an easy and a successful approach at this time .
You can consider everything about the free adult dating sites at this time and read testimonials from real users of such apps .
You have to clarify any doubt about the hookup websites and pay attention to everything about the improved sex life through proper use of the sex dating sites .
You will get an array of advantageous things from the hookup apps and be encouraged to use every facility for improving the sex life in different aspects .
Types of Legit Hookup Sites to Join
You ’re not just giving , you ’re building , improving and changing .
When you give to the Louisville Orchestra , your gift begins by truly helping to strengthen the Orchestra .
By helping the Orchestra , you help build a stronger , more vibrant city and community - you can even help change a child ’s life .
That ’s the power of music .
A power made possible only with your help .
Please click the Donate button to make your donation today .
The Israeli Air Force struck a fire - ready rocket launcher in the northern Gaza Strip Monday night , this after three rockets were fired towards Israel from the Hamas - ruled enclave earlier in the day , causing no damage or injuries .
The IDF Spokesman 's Unit said the pilots reported hitting their mark .
The first two launchings from Gaza were deemed Qassam fire ; the third is believed to be a mortar shell .
Two of the rockets landed in Sdot Negev Regional Council limits .
The Eshkol Regional Council was the site of the third rocket landing .
Security forces are still canvassing the area for the shells .
Palestinian gunmen fired a mortar shell at Israel on Sunday as well .
The rocket landed in Eshkol , causing no harm .
IDF forces returned fire at the fire 's point of origin .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Rescue workers are being overwhelmed by the scale of floods in the Philippines that are estimated to have killed at least 140 people , officials say .
The head of the National Disaster Co-ordinating Council , Anthony Golez , said resources were being spread too thinly .
Torrential rains from Tropical Storm Ketsana flooded the capital , Manila , and 25 nearby provinces on Saturday .
Some 80 % of Manila was submerged , displacing 450,000 people .
More than 115,000 are now in makeshift shelters .
" We are concentrating on massive relief operations .
The system is overwhelmed , local government units are overwhelmed , " Mr Golez told reporters .
AT THE SCENE BBC correspondent Alastair Leithead in Manila
The rain is still coming down in Marikina , the worst affected part of Manila , but it certainly has got through the worst of what the storm threw at it .
All the streets were under metres of water .
There 's a thick coating of mud over everything .
At the bottom of the road , there 's a pink car which is balanced on the diagonal on its roof on top of another .
The only people who escaped the floods were those who went up onto the upper floors of their buildings .
All the shops and businesses on the ground floors have been destroyed .
Now people are just focusing on clearing up , trying to get what possessions they can together , along with food , water and some shelter , because more rain is forecast .
More from Alastair Leithead
" We were used to helping one city , one or two provinces but now , they are following one after another .
Our assets and people are spread too thinly . "
One doctor in Manila told the BBC that he had been working 24 - hour shifts in a hospital flooded with water since Saturday .
Defence Minister Gilbert Teodoro said troops , police and volunteers had so far been able to rescue more than 7,900 people .
Thirty - two people are missing .
The authorities were now focusing on providing food , medicine and other necessities to those in emergency shelters , he added .
Telephone and power services in some parts of Manila remain cut .
Over the weekend , the government declared a " state of calamity " in Manila and the 25 storm - hit provinces , including many that have not experienced widespread flooding before , allowing access to emergency funds .
The Philippine government has not yet requested international help , but Mr Golez said it would welcome any assistance .
The US military has deployed a helicopter and soldiers to the country 's south to help .
' Stranded ' On Sunday , President Gloria Arroyo visited the devastated areas , appealing for calm over what she described as an " extreme event " that " strained our response capabilities to the limit but ultimately did not break us " .
In pictures : Philippine relief effort Eyewitness : Philippines floods Ramil Digal Culle in Cavite City , south of Manila , told the BBC that he had spent the night with families trapped on rooftops without food and water .
" The mothers were at work when the flooding happened and they got stranded with me , unable to go home , " he wrote in an e-mail .
" Strange how I could have internet access during the disaster to describe this experience ... while the government struggles with a scarcity of rescue equipment , " he added .
Some officials are quoted as saying rubbish - choked drains and waterways , along with high tides , compounded the flooding .
The BBC's Alastair Leithead in Marikina City , the worst affected part of the capital , says all the streets in the area were under metres of water and that now there is a thick coating of mud over everything which was submerged .
Our correspondent says the government argues it could not have been expected to cope easily with a storm in which a month 's rain fell in 12 hours .
In the meantime , he adds , people are just focusing on clearing up , trying to salvage what possessions they can , along with food , water and some shelter , because further rainstorms are forecast .
' Heroic rescuer '
Reports have also emerged of acts of heroism by members of the public during the floods , including Muelmar Magallanes , who rescued more than 30 people , but ended up sacrificing his own life .
With the help of his older brother , the 18 - year - old construction worker tied rope around his waist and took his siblings to safety before going back to the house for his parents , according to the AFP news agency .
Later , he decided go back to save neighbours trapped on rooftops .
He then dived back in again when he saw a mother and her six - month - old baby daughter in the water .
" I did n't know that the current was so strong .
In an instant , I was under water .
We were going to die , " the mother Menchie Penalosa told AFP .
" Then this man came from nowhere and grabbed us .
He took us to where the other neighbours were , and then he was gone , " she added .
Witnesses said an exhausted Mr Megallanes was simply swept away by the water .
His father Samuel said : " He always had a good heart .
We had already been saved .
But he decided to go back one last time for the girl . "
The Philippines chief weather forecaster , Nathaniel Cruz , said more than 40 cm ( 16 in ) of rain fell on Manila within 12 hours on Saturday , exceeding the 39cm average for the whole month of September .
The previous record of just over 33cm in a 24 - hour period was set in June 1967 , Mr Cruz added .
He had earlier blamed climate change for the mass downpours .
Ketsana , with winds of up to 100 km /h ( 62 mph ) , hit the Philippines early on Saturday , crossing the main northern Luzon island before heading out toward the South China Sea .
Are you in the Philippines ?
Have you been affected by the floods ?
Send us your comments .
Send your pictures and videos to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Услуга , ставшая уже привычной в каждом населённом пункте нашей страны .
Всякий раз , когда люди не имеют возможности воспользоваться общественным или личным транспортом , они выбирают такси .
An upended Allied Renault FT - 17 tank rises from a muddy frontline trench near Saint - Mihiel , France , in July 1918 .
( Library of Congress )
Irascible , overbearing , argumentative , condescending , a fan of woo - woo occultism and , ultimately , a Nazi sympathizer , J.F.C.
Fuller was nevertheless a foresighted tactician
Major General John Frederick Charles Fuller was , during World War I and through the early 1930s , the British army ’s tank warfare go - to guy .
He was the man who taught the Wehrmacht how to blitzkrieg , George Patton how to rumble and the Israelis how to kill Syrians .
Yet he was an absolute un - Pattonlike , do n’t - mistake - me - for - Bernard Montgomery , I ’m - no - Heinz - Guderian staff officer .
The quintessential egghead , “ Boney ” Fuller was a tiny man with a modicum of actual combat experience whose bearing , manner and attitude were fully represented by his nerdy nickname .
Irascible , overbearing , argumentative , condescending , a fan of woo - woo occultism and , ultimately , a Nazi sympathizer , J.F.C. Fuller was nevertheless a foresighted tactician and imaginative military theorist .
He would have been hard - pressed to take a rifle squad into action , yet he did something few other professional officers at the time bothered with :
He thought about how battles should be fought .
Thought so long and hard , in fact , that he became what the Brits love to call “ too clever by half . ”
Fuller failed to get into Sandhurst on his first try because he was too short ( 5 - foot - 4 ) , too wispy ( 117 pounds at age 18 ) and had too small a chest ( boney , presumably ) to meet the British military academy ’s standards .
Second time around he got in , though he later admitted , “ I took no interest whatever in things military . ”
Fuller preferred to read classics and write letters to his mother , yet he eventually secured a commission in the Oxfordshire Light Infantry .
About his first action , in the Boer War , Fuller observed : “ We knew nothing about war , about South Africa , about our eventual enemy , about anything at all which mattered and upon which our lives might depend .
Nine officers out of 10 — I might say 99 out of every 100 — knew no more of military affairs than the man on the moon and do not intend or want to know more . ”
Fuller was so contemptuous of his fellow officers that , he wrote his mother , he even loathed playing cards with them during the voyage to South Africa .
“ That biped is a great deal too uninteresting for me , ” he sniffed , adding , “ The army … needs primitive men who enjoy the heirlooms of prehistoric times such as hunting , shooting , etc . ”
Fuller saw his first real fighting in the Transvaal .
He wrote his mother about a friendly fire incident in which a native trooper was wounded in the forehead .
Fuller fed the man whiskey while trying to stuff his brains back in with the handle of a mess kit fork .
His words reveal his lifelong racism : “ Any ordinary civilized individual would have fallen down dead at once , but I suppose these semi-savages use their brain so little that it does n’t matter much if they lose a part of it . ”
The best months of Fuller ’s Boer War came when he was put in charge of 70 black scouts and given a 4,000 - square - mile area of only partially pacified countryside to patrol .
His recon platoon engaged in casual firefights , took and interrogated prisoners , raided , scouted for regular army units and generally operated independently .
It was dangerous work , for the Boers particularly hated Brits who led the despised “ kaffirs , ” and captured officers could expect to die in unpleasant ways .
The experience was for Fuller an on - the - job tactical education .
It taught him about field operations — particularly frontal and flank attacks and whether to envelop or penetrate an opposing force — in a way Sandhurst never could .
His South African foray instilled in Fuller two ideas that would become cornerstones of his tactical thinking : 1 ) mobility is all - important , and 2 ) a rapid , deep , penetrating attack is far more effective than the traditional slow - paced , beat - your - head - against - a - wall frontal assault .
When Fuller returned to England after a brief posting to India ( where he stoked his fascination with Eastern religion and mysticism ) , he resolved that the sweatier side of army life — drilling , marching , maneuvering — held no appeal for him and decided to escape into staff work .
In 1913 he was accepted into the Staff College at Camberley , again on his second try .
Fuller almost immediately got into trouble for trying to amend the army ’s sacrosanct operating handbook , the Field Service Regulations .
The FSR basically stated that war was simple , fighting principles were not particularly numerous or abstruse , and Napoléon pretty much knew everything that needed to be known .
Perhaps due to his reputation as a prima donna and troublemaker , at the 1914 outbreak of war Fuller was assigned as a minor General Staff officer , while his schoolmates were sent to the front ( where many were killed ) .
Among Boney ’s crucial tasks , he reorganized the filing system at his base , developed a sheep - evacuation plan in the event of a German invasion , and determined whether and how to deprive such invaders of alcohol in the area ’s pubs .
In March 1915 , he finally managed to get into the action by insulting his commanding officer so thoroughly that the man shipped him out in retribution .
What Fuller found in France was the stalemate that would persist for most of the war .
Frontal attacks were useless , as both sides fielded machine guns .
Flanking attacks were impossible , as frontline trenches extended across the Continent from the Atlantic to Switzerland .
Fuller advocated a style of warfare based on mobility and penetration — that is , breakthrough on a limited front .
( Twenty years later , Adolf Hitler ’s Wehrmacht would use those principles to develop its blitzkrieg concepts . )
Another elementary principle on which Fuller predicated his style of war was mass :
If you do n’t outnumber your enemy , you probably ca n’t outfight him .
“ Do not let my opponents castigate me with the blather that Waterloo was won on the playfields of Eton , ” he later wrote , “ for the fact remains , geographically , historically and tactically , whether the Great Duke [ of Wellington ] uttered such undiluted nonsense or not , that it was won on fields in Belgium by carrying out a fundamental principle of war , the principle of mass ; in other words by marching onto those fields three Englishmen , Germans or Belgians for every two Frenchmen . ”
It was the tank , however , that would establish Fuller ’s reputation as a tactician .
So much so that some think he invented the modern armored vehicle , though in fact he became “ an armor guy ” well after Sir Ernest Swinton conceived the vehicle , after its first combat test at the September 1916 Battle of the Somme , and after Swinton and others had already developed and written about tank tactics .
Fuller later recalled his own epiphany .
He ’d gone to Yvranch , France , home of the army ’s Heavy Section , as Tank Corps was then called , to watch the demonstration of a remarkable new weapon .
( In fact , about all the Heavy Section was doing in those days was putting on daily maintenance - intensive dog- and - pony shows for visiting officers , sending its crude tanks to trundle over berms , cross trenches and , of course , crush trees like matchsticks . )
“ Everyone was talking and chatting , ” Fuller wrote , “ when slowly came into sight the first tank I ever saw .
Not a monster but a very graceful machine with beautiful lines .
… Here was the missing tool of penetration , the answer to the dominance on the battlefield of small - arms fire . ”
Fuller had found the antidote to the all - powerful machine gun .
Fuller ’s first actual tank operation was the April 1917 Battle of Arras .
As a demonstration of the tank ’s capability the operation was a failure , at least in part because tankers ignored Fuller ’s advice to deploy en masse and instead fed the tanks — mostly clapped - out training vehicles shipped from England — into battle a few at a time .
Nor did it help that the army insisted on a traditional pre-attack artillery bombardment , a tactic anathema to Fuller , as it both eliminated any element of surprise and so thoroughly chewed up the ground that many of the tanks were immobilized .
The Battle of Cambrai in November and December 1917 was the Tank Corps ’ greatest wartime success , as it punched a horde of tanks through the Hindenburg Line in a stunning example of Fuller ’s penetration tactics .
Fuller had wanted to lead the central charge , but his commander , Lt. Col .
Hugh Elles , turned him down and directed the battle himself from his tank “ Hilda , ” becoming a fleeting national hero as a result .
Still , Cambrai was n’t a clear - cut enough victory to establish Tank Corps as part of the varsity .
Field Marshal Douglas
Haig instead relegated tanks to a defensive role , much to Fuller ’s chagrin .
The iron monsters were strung out along a 65 - mile front , either dug into pits or otherwise fortified — parked pillboxes , in effect — where “ this beast would squat and slumber until the enemy advanced , ” Fuller later mocked , “ when it would make warlike noises and pounce upon him . ”
Fuller ’s finest wartime moment was the promulgation of his Plan 1919 .
Believing World War I would continue into 1919 , he suggested victory with a single penetrating , surprise , mass tank attack aimed not at killing lots of German soldiers but at reaching and killing the enemy “ brain ” — the rear - area command - and - communications infrastructure — and thus paralyzing the body .
But Fuller ’s most meaningful tactical concept came to naught , as the war ended in November 1918 .
Had it continued , Fuller today might be as widely known as Guderian , Montgomery and Patton .
Britain ’s hidebound high command seemed to learn little from World War I , their American counterparts perhaps only a bit more .
The military remained convinced that wars were won by men clad in woolen uniforms hiding behind rocks and shooting bullets at one another and that despite the growing civilian predilection for cross-country travel in gasoline - powered automobiles , mobility of armies was still best provided by horses .
Few seemed to realize that armor trumped wool and machinery was stronger than muscle .
Part of the problem was that professional officers liked horses and loathed greasy , smelly machinery .
Even airplanes met with their disdain .
Through the 1920s , as Fuller grew increasingly disenchanted with the military and his inability to bring about real tactical reforms , the military became equally disenchanted with Fuller .
The final straw was the “ Tidworth Affair , ” which began when the British army gave Fuller the plum command of an experimental tank force at Tidworth , on the Salisbury Plain .
The posting , which marked the tactician ’s last chance to champion his armored doctrine , turned sour when he voiced a variety of small - minded ultimatums , such as demanding a full - time secretary and refusing to “ waste his time ” commanding an infantry unit attached to the tank force .
To top things off , he petulantly threatened to resign , which would have been a PR disaster for the army , as Fuller had far stronger support among the popular press than he did among the officer corps .
The army managed to talk him out of quitting .
But instead of taking in Tidworth , Fuller was again sent to India on a minor fact - finding mission and was never again offered a command .
In 1933 , at the age of 55 , Fuller retired as a major general .
Biographer Anthony John Trythall summed up his turbulent career : “ And so ended , a few years before what will almost certainly prove to have been the largest and longest mechanized war of all time , the military career of Britain ’s most experienced and able tank officer , the victim of his own brilliance and energy , and of his own inability to trim his words and actions to the winds of political reality and human frailty .
… He was …too clever , too rigid , too intellectually arrogant and self - reliant to be highly successful in a military career . ”
Following his army retirement , Fuller became deeply involved with Oswald Mosley ’s British Union of Fascists ( not a completely unexpected development , given that Fuller was a Germanophile , a racist and an anti-Semite whose preferred boyhood nickname was “ Fritz ” ) .
He visited Germany frequently and spent time with Hitler , Joachim von Ribbentrop and Rudolf Hess , all of whom he found “ charming . ”
Fuller was one of only two British guests at Hitler ’s 50th birthday party , in April 1939 , and it was at that event he apparently spoke some of the most notorious words ever attributed too him .
After a three - hour parade of the thoroughly motorized , armored Wehrmacht , Hitler greeted Fuller on the receiving line and said , “ I hope you were pleased with your children . ”
Fuller is said to have replied , “ Your Excellency , they have grown up so quickly that I no longer recognize them . ”
The Germans — particularly panzer commander Guderian — would later largely credit Fuller ’s writings with their development of blitzkrieg tactics , though historians debate whether the defeated Guderian meant this more as postwar politeness than praise .
While Fuller realized that war with Germany would almost certainly erupt again , he deluded himself into thinking that white brothers under the skin would wage chivalrous battles , eventually settle on a winner and shake on it , “ for chivalry was born in Europe , ” he naively wrote .
While the government interned most members of the British Union of Fascists upon the 1939 outbreak of war , Fuller was left alone , probably because Winston Churchill intervened on his behalf .
Yet Fuller loathed Churchill , of whom he once wrote to his friend Basil Liddell Hart , “ The war as it is being run is just a vast Bedlam with WC as its glamour boy ; a kind of mad hatter who one day appears as a cowpuncher and the next as an air commodore — the man is an enormous mountebank . ”
In the 1930s Fuller had embarked upon a second career as a writer , ultimately penning some 45 authoritative books and hundreds of popular - press articles and scholarly papers .
He wrote about everything from war to yoga ( the latter extremely avant - garde at the time ) and became a precursor of today ’s retired generals anxious to freelance as media talking heads .
Indeed , Fuller was Newsweek ’s “ military analyst ” during much of World War II .
For all his foibles and failings , Fuller was a visionary .
In the early 1930s he predicted , as Anthony Trythall wrote , “ future armies would be surrounded by swarms of motorized guerillas , irregulars or regular troops making use of the multitude of civilian motorcars that would be available . ”
Fuller also mused that one day “ a manless flying machine ” would change the face of war .
Early on he was intrigued by the development of radio , not only for communication but also as a way to control robot weapons .
He also thought then - primitive rocket technology would one day lead to the development of superb anti-aircraft weapons .
And as early as the 1920s , Fuller was a proponent of amphibious warfare .
He envisioned a naval fleet “ which belches forth war on every strand , which vomits forth armies as never did the horse of Troy . ”
Indeed , he foresaw future navies as being entirely submersible .
On the negative side of the balance sheet , Fuller also championed the military use of poison gas , particularly when spread by airplanes .
Even as late as 1961 , with the publication of his book The Conduct of War , he blamed resistance to chemical warfare on “ popular emotionalism . ”
If Fuller had a fatal flaw as a tactician , it was that he derided the importance of putting infantry “ boots on the ground . ”
To him , combat was simply a matter of wool uniforms versus steel armor — and that seemed to him a no - brainer .
Of course , Fuller had failed to consider the development of portable , shoulder - fired and helicopter - borne antitank weaponry .
Maj . Gen. J.F.C. Fuller , CB , CBE , DSO ( Ret. ) died on Feb. 10 , 1966 .
Had he lived another 16 months , he ’d doubtless have gained considerable satisfaction from Israel ’s total rout of the Egyptians , Syrians and Jordanians in the June 1967 Six - Day War , using Fuller - doctrine tank tactics in what was later dubbed “ the Jewish blitzkrieg . ”
“ Boney ” Fuller was indeed a prophet — albeit a cantankerous , irritating and bigoted one — in his own time .
For further reading , Stephan Wilkinson recommends : “ Boney ” Fuller : Soldier , Strategist and Writer , 1878 –1966 , by Anthony John Trythall , and Fuller ’s own The Conduct of War , 1789 – 1961 .
Record £ 1.75 bn online spend makes UK first major economy to spend more on web ads than TV , says IAB
The UK has become the first major economy where advertisers spend more on internet advertising than on television advertising , with a record £ 1.75 bn online spend in the first six months of the year .
The milestone marks a watershed for the embattled TV industry , the leading ad medium in the UK for almost half a century .
It has taken the internet little more than a decade to become the biggest advertising sector in the UK .
UK advertisers spent £ 1.75 bn on internet advertising in the six months to the end of June , a 4.6 % year - on - year increase , according to a report by the Internet Advertising Bureau and PricewaterhouseCoopers .
To put this in perspective , in 1998 , when the IAB first measured internet advertising , just £ 19.4 m was spent online .
The internet now accounts for 23.5 % of all advertising money spent in the UK , while TV ad spend accounts for 21.9 % of marketing budgets .
The IAB originally predicted that internet ad spend would overtake TV at the end of 2009 ; however , the crippling advertising recession accelerated this by six months .
TV advertising fell about 17 % year on year in the first half , to about £ 1.6bn , according to the report .
The IAB 's figures show that of the total of £ 1.75 bn spent on internet advertising , £ 1.05bn , or 60 % , was spent on search advertising on websites including Google , up 6.8 % year on year .
Online classified advertising grew by 10.6 % year on year to £ 385 m , about 22 % of total internet ad spend .
But online display advertising , such as banners on websites , fell by 5.2 % year on year , to £ 316.5 m .
This was an 18 % share of all internet ad spend .
The ray of light within the online display ad sector was the nascent , but rapidly growing , online video advertising sector .
The IAB estimated that this sector grew by close to 300 % year on year , to almost £ 12 m .
Thinkbox , the UK TV marketing body , has taken exception to the IAB 's figures , arguing that the internet is now mature and diverse and it is inaccurate to collate all the figures as if it is one single medium .
" It is interesting but meaningless to sweep all the money spent on every aspect of online marketing into one big figure and celebrate it , " said Lindsey Clay , marketing director at Thinkbox .
" Online marketing spend is made up of many things , including email , classified ads , display ads ( including online TV advertising ) and , overwhelmingly , search marketing .
They should be judged individually . "
Guy Phillipson , the chief executive of the IAB , reckoned that there is still significant growth potential left in the internet ad market .
" We could absolutely see it grow to being a 30 % medium [ of share of ad spend ] , to go past £ 4bn to even £ 5bn annually , " he said .
" Online display advertising has plenty of room for growth . "
Despite the seemingly inexorable rise of internet ad spend , a closer examination of the IAB 's figures show that the recession has had an impact .
In the first quarter £ 920 m was spent on online advertising , representing 8.6 % year - on - year growth .
However , in the second quarter , spend fell almost £ 100 m to £ 832 m , representing only a 1.1 % increase on the amount spent in the same period last year .
Adam Smith , futures director at WPP 's combined media operation Group M , argued that the internet 's share of total UK ad spend could be close to its peak .
Smith cited factors such as the increasing share of time that users spend on social networking websites , which have not attracted huge advertising spend , and the increasing saturation of internet penetration in the UK as potential limiting factors .
" This day was bound to arrive , as the internet has been attracting a huge long tail of advertisers that have not advertised before doing completely new things , " he said .
" It is a memorable event .
However , it is a bit simplistic to make this comparison [ and ] it is always possible that internet 's share [ of total UK ad spend ] could go backwards if TV has a good year . "
The UK is not the first country where internet ad spend has overtaken TV spend , Denmark reached the milestone about six months ago .
But it is the first major economy to do so .
Big Content often claims to be losing absurd amounts of cash to a peg-legged and eye - patched crowd of Internet pirates .
To deal with the problem , entertainment lobbyists around the world have suggested that governments might want to mandate " three strikes " laws to punish repeat online infringers , and that Internet service providers should get involved in the battle .
But three - strikes rules have their own significant costs , and ISPs are now waging a " bogus numbers " battle of their own in an effort to defeat the proposals .
Case in point : the UK , where a BT spokesman told the Mirror this week that a proposed graduated response scheme could cost each Internet user in the country � 24 a year — and cost the ISP industry � 1 million a day .
A bit of fancy mathematics shows this to be �365 million a year , but extreme skepticism is needed here .
There 's no data given to support this claim , and the pleasing roundness of the number suggests that this is about two rungs up the ladder from " total guess . "
The �365 million claim is more about countering content industry rhetoric about losses by pointing out that graduated response schemes have real costs of their own .
For example , the UK 's major label trade group , BPI , wants action from the government because of losses — �180 million in 2008 and � 200 million in 2009 .
These numbers have calculations behind them , but they 're still wildly approximate , incorporating all sorts of assumptions .
A BBC Radio 4 program looked into this number recently and showed conclusively just how fuzzy it was .
But such numbers have tremendous shaping power on the debate about online copyright infringement .
We 've seen far more absurd numbers used literally for decades in the US in an attempt to scare legislators , despite having no foundation .
BT is fighting back with calculations of its own , this time suggesting that the yearly cost of implementing graduated response laws is actually greater than the major labels ' alleged losses to file - sharing .
Of course , once other content industries ( such as movies ) toss their numbers onto the pile , this no longer holds , but the basic point remains : " fighting piracy " is not without significant costs of its own .
BOSTON — In February , at the bleakest moment of the global economic meltdown , we asked 20 GlobalPost correspondents in 20 countries to assess the widening damage — from official government data to anecdotal evidence of how the drama was unfolding in the streets , hutongs , factories and fields across the planet .
They uncovered a world of trouble .
Then in April , after governments worldwide began stimulating battered economies with new spending and other rescue measures , we revisited those same 20 countries for an update .
It was still ugly out there .
Now , with the first shoots of recovery popping up around the world we thought it was a good time to ask the question : is the nightmare over ?
So we did .
Twenty times over .
As you can see in the interactive map below , the answer is yes .
But not everywhere ( we 're talking to you Mexico , Russia and South Africa ) .
And because the world is an endlessly fascinating place — even in the darkest of times — you 'll also learn Argentines are having less sex , the size of Japanese TV screens matters , and why Thais have turned to furry panda masks .
( Editor 's note :
The data in these reports comes from official government sources and the International Monetary Fund , unless otherwise indicated . )
A potentially very ugly scandal is brewing in the DC suburbs , a Pennsylvania cop gets busted just after buying some smack , a California prison guard was peddling PCP , and a former Miami - Dade cop cops a plea in an Ecstasy sting .
Let 's get to it :
In Washington , DC , federal authorities are investigating a group of Washington area police officers they suspect took money to protect a gambling operation frequented by powerful drug dealers .
The officers include five from Prince Georges County , Maryland , a DC police official , and a former DC Housing Authority officer .
Investigators have phone records , surveillance , and other records tying the officers to the game 's operators , which include known drug dealers .
Investigators are looking into whether any of the officers are linked to several killings connected to the ring .
An FBI task force and Prince Georges internal affairs are investigating at least two of the officers for active participation in the drug trade and several of them for trafficking in stolen property .
In Pittsburgh , a New Bethlehem police officer was arrested last week when his vehicle was pulled over just after purchasing $ 450 worth of heroin .
Officer Charles Edwards III faces charges of felony possession of a controlled substance with intent to deliver ; carrying a firearm without a license as a third - degree felony ; possession of a controlled substance as an unclassified misdemeanor ; and two traffic law violations .
Police saw a pistol in plain sight in his car when they stopped him , and Edwards consented to a search of the vehicle .
Police found the heroin during the search .
Edwards was booked and released last week on $ 5,000 cash bail .
He has been suspended without pay while his department investigates .
In Fresno , California , a Corcoran State Prison guard was arrested last Friday for selling PCP .
Argelia
Tovar went down after a three week investigation into drug sales at her home .
Fresno police found five grams of solid PCP , a small quantity of liquid PCP , and a dozen PCP - laced cigarettes .
It is unclear whether she was smuggling drugs into the state prison .
Tovar is now on administrative leave .
In Miami , a former Miami - Dade County police officer pleaded guilty July 22 to drug charges after he got caught in an FBI undercover sting involving Ecstasy shipments .
Jorge Delgado , a three - year veteran , admitted using his patrol vehicle to protect what he thought was a shipment of Ecstasy .
He was supposed to get $ 2,500 for his efforts ; instead he got arrested .
Delgado faces up to 20 years in prison when he is sentenced September 30 .
Did you ever see one of those auto - generated random “ academic papers ” like this one ?
When I first saw the following title , my first thought was that it is a randomly - generated “ paper ” :
Implications of the Turing completeness of reaction - diffusion models , informed by GPGPU simulations on an XBox 360 : Cardiac arrhythmias , re-entry and the Halting problem [ PDF ]
Turing completeness , cardiac arrhythmias , XBox 360 … those things do n’t seem to have much in common .
But , I had my interest piqued .
I looked up the paper and read through it .
And , it turns out that not only is the paper serious , what it has to say is also quite interesting .
Heart and logic circuits
I had to take author ’s word on the medical aspects of the article , since I know nothing about cardiology .
Apparently , understanding of electrical signals between cells in a human heart is important for research into heart arrhythmias .
Makes sense .
The important insight of the article is that a logic NOR gate can be simulated using electrical signals between heart cells .
Constructing a NOR gate is a powerful result , because similarly to NAND , NOR is a universal logic gate .
That means that all other logic gates like AND , OR and NOT can be built out of NORs :
NOT ( A ) = NOR ( A , A )
OR ( A , B ) = NOR ( NOR ( A , B ) , NOR ( A , B ) )
AND ( A , B ) = NOR ( NOR ( A , A ) , NOR ( B , B ) )
So , since you can simulate a NOR gate using cardiac cells , you can simulate an arbitrary logic circuit in heart tissue .
Heart and Turing machines
But , there has to be more to the story .
The paper title mentioned Turing machines , and logic circuits are not Turing - complete .
Halting problem does n’t even make sense when applied to boolean expressions !
The missing part is the passage of time .
See , a logic circuit is not Turing - complete .
But , if you take a logic circuit with multiple inputs , the same number of outputs as inputs , and repeatedly apply the circuit over the results of the previous iteration , you get a Turing - complete system .
This type of a system can be modeled with behavior of a heart tissue over a period of time .
The most intuitive explanation that I can think of is via Game of Life .
In the Game of Life , each cell dies , becomes alive or stays alive depending on how many live neighbors it had in the previous generation .
Here is one example of a Game of Life board in action :
Now , the important observation is that the Game of Life rules can be encoded using a logic circuit .
For example , if the eight neighbors of a particular cell are represented as A , B … H , then the rule that the cell becomes alive if it has exactly three neighbors can be encoded as ( ( A and B and C and not ( D ) and … and not ( H ) ) or ( A and B and not ( C ) and D and not ( E ) … and not ( H ) ) or … ) .
This expression will be combined with an OR together with the situations under which the cell remains alive , rather than becoming alive .
This will be a pretty ugly logic circuit , but it should be clear that it can be constructed .
Since Game of Life is known to be Turing - complete , then an “ iterated logic circuit ” is also Turing - complete , and the behavior of cardiac tissue is … Turing - complete .
Why is this useful ?
Proving that a particular behavior of cardiac tissue is Turing - complete is a useful result because it shows that the cardiac tissue is in a certain sense “ unpredictable ” .
For example , since Game of Life is Turing - complete , the Halting problem applies .
So , it is a proven fact that there is no general algorithm that can look at a particular Game of Life board and decide whether the movement will eventually stop or continue forever .
Similarly , there is no algorithm that can decide any of these properties for all Game - of - Life boards :
Whether the board will ever reach a particular configuration
Whether the number of live cells will ever exceed X
Whether the game will ever enter a cycle
etc .
Since the studied behavior of cardiac tissue is also Turing - complete , there is no general algorithm that can look at the state of cardiac tissue and decide whether the activity will ever stop , enter a regular pattern , achieve a particular configuration , etc .
That is certainly a worthwhile result !
What about the XBox ?
Constructing a NOR gate out of cardiac cells is computationally intensive , and the researcher used a GPU in an XBox 360 for that task .
However , the paper does n’t conclusively show that using an XBox was a real benefit .
The paper says that a C++ implementation that was originally “ designed more for ease of expansion [ … ] than for speed ” ran slower on an XBox 360 CPU than an “ unoptimized ” shader - based implementation on an XBox 360 GPU .
Comparing implementations not designed for speed is unconvincing .
If the goal was to speed up the computation , why not first try to optimize the original code instead of porting it to shaders , which is undoubtedly a much more difficult task ?
Also , the article does n’t say how did XBox 360 CPU compare against an ordinary x86 machine , or against say a CUDA - based implementation on a common NVidia card .
So , the paper does n’t come close to showing that the researchers gained much by coding against the XBox 360 GPU , rather than following the current state - of - the - art approaches .
But , it is still a cool paper , and adding XBox 360 into the picture certainly attracted attention .
The paper was reported in press , with titles such as these :
And , if it were n’t for the sensational articles , I would n’t have found out about the paper at all , so I guess I should n’t complain .
In the beginning of the springtime in the period of the Japanese Civil Wars of the Sixteenth Century in Lake Biwa in the Province of Omi , the family man farmer and craftsman Genjurô travels to Nagahama to sell his wares and makes a small fortune .
His neighbor Tobei that is a fool man dreams on becoming a samurai , but he can not afford to buy the necessary outfit .
The greedy Genjurô and Tobei work together manufacturing clay potteries , expecting to sell the pieces and enrich ; however , their wives Miyage and Ohama are worried about the army of the cruel Shibata that is coming to their village and they warn their ambitious husbands .
Their village is looted but the families flee and survive ; Genjurô and Tobei decide to travel by boat with their wives and baby to sell the wares in a bigger town .
When they meet another boat that was attacked by pirates , Genjurô decides to leave his wife and son on the bank of the river , promising to return in ten days .
Genjurô , Tobei and Ohama raise a large .
.. Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
By By Patrick McMahon Jul 6 , 2009 in World The Iranian Revolutionary Guard have taken over the Iran 's following the massive protests regarding the disputed presidential election .
Leaders of the elite unit had publicly acknowledged their new found duty .
Meanwhile , the guard 's commander in chief , Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei , warned Western leaders against exploiting the nation 's political turmoil for their own ends .
The warning came after Vice President Joe Biden admitted that the United States would not stop an attack on Iran 's nuclear weapons facilities by Israel .
Many in Iran are bracing for a new wave of protests this Thursday , which would mark the 10th anniversary on an attack on Tehran University 's dormitories by the government .
Late last night , Iranian Revolutionary Guard officials warned Mir-Hossein Mousavi and his supporters that there is no middle ground over the disputed election and the Mahmound Ahmadinejad was reelected as the nation 's president .
Meanwhile , the guard 's commander in chief , Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei , warned Western leaders against exploiting the nation 's political turmoil for their own ends .
The warning came after Vice President Joe Biden admitted that the United States would not stop an attack on Iran 's nuclear weapons facilities by Israel .
Many in Iran are bracing for a new wave of protests this Thursday , which would mark the 10th anniversary on an attack on Tehran University 's dormitories by the government .
More about Iran , Revolutionary guard , Security More news from iran revolutionary guard security
The party was over more than 4,000 years ago , but the remnants still remain in the gourds and squashes that served as dishware .
For the first time , University of Missouri researchers have studied the residues from gourds and squash artifacts that date back to 2200 B.C. and recovered starch grains from manioc , potato , chili pepper , arrowroot and algarrobo .
The starches provide clues about the foods consumed at feasts and document the earliest evidence of the consumption of algarrobo and arrowroot in Peru .
" Archaeological starch grain research allows us to gain a better understanding of how ancient humans used plants , the types of food they ate , and how that food was prepared , " said Neil Duncan , doctoral student of anthropology in the MU College of Arts and Science and lead author of the study that was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science ( PNAS ) .
" This is the first study to analyze residue from bottle gourd or squash artifacts .
Squash and bottle gourds had a variety of uses 4,000 years ago , including being used as dishes , net floats and symbolic containers .
Residue analysis can help determine the specific use . "
In the study , researchers recovered starch grains from squash and gourd artifacts by a method that currently is used to recover microfossils from stone tools and ceramics .
First , the artifact was placed in a special water bath to loosen and remove adhering residue .
Then the artifact 's interior surface was lightly brushed to remove any remaining residue .
The residues were collected , and starch grains were isolated from each of these sediments .
" The starch residues of edible plants found on the artifacts and the special archaeological context from which these artifacts were recovered suggest that the artifacts were used in a ritual setting for the serving and production of food , " Duncan said .
" The method used in this study could be used in other areas and time periods in which gourds and squash rinds are preserved . "
Scientists believe the Buena Vista site , where the starch grains were recovered , served as a small ceremonial center in the central Chillon Valley .
The social and ritual use of food is not well understood during this time period in Peru , but this research will enhance the potential for understanding , Duncan said .
The study , " Gourd and squash artifacts yield starch grains of feasting foods from preceramic Peru , " is coauthored by Duncan ; Deborah Pearsall , professor of anthropology ; and Robert Benfer , emeritus professor of anthropology .
Calm Trott returns to scene of finest hour
It is a year to the week since Jonathan Trott made his Test debut in the Ashes decider at The Oval , and after a year of highs and lows that would have tested the mettle of any cricketer , he is back at the scene of his finest hour
A man who allegedly charged a Los Angeles County sheriff 's deputy several times at a San Fernando Valley subway station died after being stunned multiple times with a Taser , a sheriff 's spokesman said today .
The Wednesday night incident was being investigated by the sheriff ’s internal affairs bureau and the Los Angeles County district attorney ’s office .
[ Updated at 11:36 a.m. :
The incident is also being investigated by the sheriff 's homicide bureau and overseen by the office of independent review . ]
It occurred at 8:18 p.m. on the mezzanine level of the North Hollywood Red Line station , said Los Angeles County sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore .
“ The deputy asked him if he had a ticket , " Whitmore said .
" The man did not respond , so the deputy again asked him if he had a ticket .
He asked a total of three times and the man did not respond . "
The deputy took hold of the man 's hands to stop and question him , Whitmore said .
But the man broke free , raised his clenched fists and charged the deputy , attempting to hit him .
The deputy stepped aside , and the man charged the deputy again , he said .
The deputy used his Taser on the man , who jumped up , and was Tasered again .
The man charged again and was Tasered a third time .
He kept trying to get up but finally fell to ground .
A glass pipe used to smoke narcotics fell to the ground during the altercation , Whitmore said .
-- Andrew Blankstein
" Salud de guerra " en Ciudad Juárez
Pie de foto , Ahora , sólo tres de los ocho hospitales públicos recibirán a heridos de bala .
Un comando de hombres encapuchados y con armas de grueso calibre irrumpió en la Clínica 35 del Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social ( IMSS ) de Ciudad Juárez y remató a un herido de bala que estaba agonizando .
Francisco Cárdenas
Torres , de 45 años , dejó de existir el 31 de julio de este año mientras era socorrido por el personal médico del centro asistencial .
Éste fue uno de los últimos episodios ocurridos en la ciudad fronteriza - considerada uno de los lugares más peligrosos del planeta - donde presuntos sicarios entran por la fuerza en un hospital y rematan a una de sus víctimas .
Ante el aumento de estos hechos , las autoridades acordaron aplicar una especie de " protocolo de guerra " para atender a las víctimas del conflicto entre carteles de la droga que se disputan el territorio .
Hospitales militarizados
Bajo el nuevo esquema de seguridad , sólo tres de los ocho hospitales públicos de la ciudad recibirán a los heridos de bala en sus salas de emergencia .
El coordinador del Sistema Estatal de Salud del estado de Chihuahua , Luis Esquivel , dijo que los altos niveles de violencia en Ciudad Juárez obligaron a establecer este procedimiento , tanto para proteger la vida de las víctimas como la del personal médico y la del resto de los pacientes .
Según la nueva normativa , que se basa en los principios del protocolo de guerra de la Cruz Roja , sólo recibirán heridos de bala aquellos hospitales que cuenten con un esquema de seguridad militar , instrumental , instalaciones y personal adecuado para hacerlo .
De hecho , los funcionarios de la Cruz Roja ya estaban operando bajo estrictas medidas de seguridad desde marzo de este año , luego de que funcionarios recibieran constantes amenazas por parte de narcotraficantes al intentar salvar la vida de alguien que ellos pretendían asesinar .
La decisión , sin embargo , no ha estado exenta de polémica , ya que en algunos casos la víctima podría perder la vida si el hospital más cercano le cierra las puertas y lo transfiere a otro sitio .
" Recibimos a todos los pacientes "
Oscar Varela , director del Hospital General de Ciudad Juárez ( uno de los tres centros asignados para recibir a los heridos de bala ) , le dijo a BBC Mundo que jamás le negarían atención médica a ninguna persona , porque es parte de la obligación institucional atender a quienes no tienen recursos .
Pie de foto , Sólo recibirán heridos de bala los hospitales que cuenten con personal de seguridad .
" Recibimos a todos los pacientes , independientemente de su condición económica y no los juzgamos por su culpabilidad o inocencia .
Los atendemos a todos " .
Consultado sobre la decisión de restringir a tres los centros hospitalarios que reciben heridos de bala , Varela señaló que , de acuerdo a la Ley General de Salud , todos los hospitales tienen la obligación de estabilizar a los enfermos antes de derivarlos a otro lugar .
Si bien no hizo una crítica abierta al llamado " protocolo de guerra " , dejó entrever que la legislación no hace distinciones a la hora de brindar atención médica de urgencia .
En Ciudad Juárez son asesinadas en promedio 11 personas al día en incidentes relacionados , en su gran mayoría , con narcoviolencia .
En este sentido , Varela comentó que , efectivamente , en los últimos meses el número de personas heridas de bala que llegan en un mes al Hospital General ha aumentado al doble , pasando de 25 o 30 a 60 .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
The last few months have seen an increase in home sales to first time homebuyers , as well as a slight improvement in the real estate market as a whole .
A lot of people feel that this is largely due to the first time homebuyer tax credit that the Obama administration passed earlier this year .
The measure , which was passed as a part of February ’s stimulus package , gives first time homebuyers tax credits of up to $ 8000 when they buy their first home .
It certainly is an attractive offer if you ’re looking for a home anyway – and we have several friends that have bought homes this summer because it was such a great deal .
A couple of weeks ago I wrote about how the time that was available to take advantage of the tax credit was quickly running out .
The credit is only applicable to home purchases that have been completed by December 1st , and since most home closings can take anywhere from 30 - 60 days , if you have n’t already put in a purchase agreement on a house by now , you may be out of luck !
For a lot of people that is going to come as a big shock and a disappointment , but all hope is not gone !
Congress is already talking about extending the program , and possibly expanding it to all homeowners and increasing the credit to $ 15,000 .
It is far from a done deal , but it is currently being debated by our legislators .
the National Association of Realtors wants to expand the tax credit to $ 15,000 , and it wants to allow all buyers to be able to qualify , not just those who have been out of the market for three years , according to The New York Times .
The $ 15,000 figure is actually the amount that the credit ’s initial sponsor in Congress , Sen. Johnny Isakson , R - Ga. , a former real estate agent , had wanted .
Now Isakson is introducing a bill that would provide up to a $ 15,000 tax credit to any buyer who stays in their newly purchased home for a minimum of two years , according to the Times .
So Congress currently has bills that are being put forward that would extend the tax credit , increase it to $ 15,000 and allow all homebuyers ( not just new homebuyers ) to take advantage of the credit .
Whether this bill will pass is another matter .
It is currently up for debate , and the president is debating whether continuing it would be a good plan .
Asked about whether the Obama administration would consider extending the credit , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the administration ’s economic team was evaluating the impact on new home sales and would make a recommendation to the president , according to the Associated Press .
The tax credit has been expensive , but it has arguably been successful in helping the ailing real estate and construction industries survive in recent months .
However , like other supposedly temporary tax credits , the First - Time Homebuyer Tax Credit may end up being called the Perennial Homebuyer Tax Credit .
One of the biggest problems the bill faces is the price tag .
Estimates say that it could cost anywhere from $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion dollars .
Whether that is worth it right now is debatable .
Only time will tell if Washington will decide to continue the program .
If they do I can already hear all of the people complaining that they “ only got $ 8,000 ” , or from others who want this credit to become permanent – not just a one - time deal .
UPDATE : New First Time Homebuyer Tax Credit Bill Extension Introduced
A bill introduced last night after I wrote this post would now extend the tax credit for another 6 months , while not changing the the amount of the credit , or who is qualified to receive the credit .
From housingwire.com :
A senate bill introduced late Thursday would extend the $ 8,000 first - time homebuyer tax credit for six months after its current November 30 expiration date .
Maryland Democrat Sen. Benjamin Cardin introduced S.B. 1678 , and it is co-sponsored by senators John Ensign ( R - Nev. ) , Johnny Isakson ( R - Ga. ) , Senate majority leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) and Debbie Stabenow ( D - Migh . ) …
The bill would not change anything on the tax credit except its expiration date , although at least one housing industry group is calling for an expansion of the credit and another , the National Association of Realtors ( NAR ) , has urged an extension of the tax credit .
So if this were to particular bill were to pass , the tax credit would be extended , but not increased or changed to include all homebuyers .
UPDATE : 11/5/2009
Bill passed by Senate and House to extend the $ 8000 tax credit .
Now only needs to be signed by the president .
Extends the bill to include a $ 6500 current owner homebuyer tax credit .
What do you think ?
Should the tax credit for homebuyers be increased to $ 15,000 and be expanded to all homebuyers ?
Will the effect it has on our economy be worth it , or will it just be another over - reaching expenditure of taxpayer money ?
Would you rather they just extend the current program ?
Let us know your thoughts in the comments !
NEARLY 5,000 people below the age of 21 die because of excessive alcohol consumption each year .
Oddly , this has triggered a new movement to lower the drinking age .
In America , young people can vote , drive , marry , divorce , hunt and go to war before alcohol is legally allowed to touch their lips .
Many states once set their minimum drinking - age at 18 .
But in 1984 Ronald Reagan oversaw the passage of the “ 21 law ” , which requires states to set 21 as the minimum drinking - age or risk losing 10 % of their highway funds .
Now campaigners want to move it back .
In the past , states have been too fiscally timid to challenge the 21 law .
But calls for change are growing louder .
Two local magistrates in South Carolina recently ruled that banning 18 - to 20 - year - olds from drinking or possessing alcohol is unconstitutional .
Public officials , including the former attorney general of South Dakota , have called the 21 law a failure .
The about - face of Morris Chafetz , a doctor who served on the commission that recommended increasing the drinking - age to 21 , has also raised eyebrows .
This week he called it the most regrettable decision of his career .
Supporters of the status quo , including the organisation Mothers Against Drunk Driving , say that the law has averted thousands of fatalities .
But sceptics point out that other countries , like Canada , have seen similar declines , even though their drinking - age is 18 .
They also argue that barring young people from drinking does not stop them from consuming alcohol : it just makes them drink more quickly .
John McCardell , former president of Middlebury College in Vermont , is part of the Amethyst Initiative , a group of educators who are pushing for 18 - year - olds to be allowed to drink .
Those who have graduated from high school , have a clean record and completed an alcohol - education programme should qualify for a drinking licence , he says , in the same way that people who go to driving school receive a licence to operate a vehicle .
This is not the first time that Americans have hankered for a change in alcohol policy during a period of economic distress .
Franklin Roosevelt repealed prohibition in 1933 amid the throes of a depression .
“ I think this would be a good time for a beer , ” Mr Roosevelt said , before signing the 21st amendment .
But his efforts to recapture the stage were largely drowned out by a tumultuous day of street rallies , in which the three main opposition leaders marched with their followers for the first time in months .
Flouting the official government message of support for Palestinian militants , they chanted , “ No to Gaza and Lebanon , I will give my life for Iran . ”
Image Iranian supporters of the opposition leader Mir Hussein Moussavi in Tehran on Friday .
Credit ... Abedin Taherkenareh / European Pressphoto Agency
Coming a day after President Obama announced a revised missile defense system that aims to check Iran ’s military ambitions , the rallies underscored the continuing vitality of the domestic opposition movement , which has rejected the election as fraudulent and fiercely criticized the violence that followed it .
In a striking contrast with earlier rallies , the police often stood on the sidelines as protesters faced off against huge crowds of government supporters  many of them bused in from outside the cities  and chain - wielding Basij militia members .
There were reports of arrests in Tehran and the southern city of Shiraz , but no shootings or deaths , with the police apparently showing greater restraint than during earlier protests .
The protesters , ignoring stern official warnings not to use the annual pro-Palestinian rally as a pretext for demonstrations , showed up in large numbers wearing the trademark bright green color of the opposition .
When government men shouted “ Death to Israel ” through loudspeakers , protesters derisively chanted “ Death to Russia ” in response .
Many opposition supporters are angry about Russia ’s quick acceptance of Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s electoral victory .
This site is no longer maintained and the wiki has been turned to a read only wiki
Welcome to the home of .
This is a web - based collaboration area for the next generation Philips Web Camera Linux Kernel Module .
You find the actual PWC driver on Luc Saillard 's website on http://www.saillard.org/linux/pwc/ .
This site is a " sister - site " to Luc Saillard 's site and contains documentation to support the driver itself .
The pwc driver is maintained by Luc Saillard and the documentation is maintained by Kenneth Lavrsen and all that participate on this Wiki - based documentation project .
You are all encouraged to register and participate .
First Kenneth does not know too many answers because he maintains the documentation - not the code .
And second it is a pity to answer one person when you can help many .
So please join the mailing list instead .
PWC Web Main Menu
PWC Sister Site
Other useful resources
setpwc -
With setpwc you can set various aspects of Philips ( and compatibles ) webcams .
You can also make a dump of the current settings .
Banlist and Blacklist
Some people have tried to create a local mirror of this PWC Twiki using tools like HTTrack .
You can not do that .
TWiki pages are full of links to older versions , compare versions , raw text versions , printable versions , attachments , page renaming , and an endless list of links to sort tables etc .
Trying to mirror a Twiki is both silly and near impossible .
It should be quite obvious just by surfing a few pages of this Twiki .
Worst of all it loads Kenneth Lavrsen 's ADSL line for hours leaving no bandwidth for other users .
It has been seen that users have tried to restart HTTrack again and again for hours .
The PWC TWiki is protected by a BlackListPlugin which monitors abusive behavour and using a tool like HTTrack makes you banned in minutes .
And Kenneth Lavrsen does not remove you from the list unless he is convinced that you have learned why you were banned and knows that you should not try again .
September 20 , 2009 by Joe
Korea is the future .
They are five years ahead of us and where Korea goes , the rest of the world will follow .
( I have been hearing this for at least five years . )
Free to play with micro transactions is the one true business model .
Client downloads are death .
We must look beyond the core gamer audience and embrace more casual players .
Women are 50 % of the audience .
Do n’t trust the client , it is in the hands of the enemy .
You game is a service .
MMOs are hard .
No , they ’re really really hard .
Seriously .
You ca n’t possibly imagine how hard they are .
Runescape is the second biggest MMO and is the one you should really watch .
Club Penguin is huge and is the one you should really watch .
Lineage is huge in Asia and is the one you should really watch .
( These days it ’s actually more likely to be ZT Online or some other game in China . )
Flash is the best platform to build your MMO on .
Web games are cheesy and no core gamer will ever play them .
Rudy ’s has the best BBQ in Austin .
No , County Line is better .
Are you kidding me ?
It ’s obviously The Salt Lick .
The game industry is bigger than Hollywood .
Triple - A MMOs are a dead end .
WoW is impossible to compete with .
Game X is going to take the top spot from WoW .
Games cost so much to make now that the industry is about to collapse under its own weight .
MMOs are just like MUDs and you should all learn the lessons MUDs learned X years ago .
( To be fair , I do n’t think I ’ve actually heard this one in a few years . )
All of these things happened in UO .
Why wo n’t you people learn from UO ?
The community around your game is incredibly important and you should take care of them .
Your players have no idea what they want .
Do n’t believe anything they say .
Forums are very important .
Do n’t believe anything you read on forums .
Launch is just the beginning .
The real work comes after launch .
Metrics , metrics , metrics .
Record everything !
Do n’t record too much with your metrics .
Too much data is just as useless as too little data .
Some people spend CRAZY amounts of money via micro-transactions MMOs on consoles are the Next Big Thing .
Casual games are going to save the PC market MMOs are going to save the PC market My background in economics tells me …
WoW is a wonderful thing for the industry because of the way they expanded the market .
WoW has set expectations so high that you ca n’t make an MMO for less than X million dollars .
( Where X >=30 ) Person X is a jerk .
Let me tell you this funny story about …
Company Y is so clueless that they will never put out a successful game Fantasy is where it ’s at !
MMOs just do n’t work as well in other genres .
Fantasy has been done .
Players want us to move on to other genres .
There ’s so much money to be made in Asia !
Just make sure you internationalize your game first .
Gamers in Asia demand click to move so they can smoke while they play .
Players are going to trade stuff for real money no matter what you do .
You might as well embrace it .
RMT causes huge amounts of fraud .
Gold spam is impossible to stop .
Our startup is the next big thing in MMOs .
Just look at this giant pile of money we raised !
Game development is all about iteration .
Waterfall does n’t work .
There ’s this guy named Richard Bartle who proposed dividing players into four types …
You ca n’t use scripting languages in games .
They ’re way too slow .
Writing all your code in C++ is stupid .
Launch early , launch often .
You only get to launch once .
This year it was obvious to me that I ’ve hit the Austin GDC level cap .
Fortunately that means I have moved on to the conference elder game and learn far more interesting things speaking and engaging in deep hallway conversations .
What about you ?
What things are you sick of hearing in conference presentations ?
~ Joe
« My Layar development experience 50 Things I Learned at ISMAR 2009 »
When you search for medical malpractice lawyers near me , you will find a lot of results .
But you must make sure that you know how to differentiate a medical malpractice suit from a personal injury case .
They are intertwined in their areas of expertise : medicine and law .
Both cases are complicated and require an experienced and skilled attorney .
The lawyer should have the following qualities :
With a firm understanding of medicine
Can navigate a complicated medical record
Know the experts to consult and what questions to ask
Anticipate the strategies of the defendant ’s lawyers
Here is what a medical malpractice attorney can do for your claim :
Reviewing the information , you provide to establish your claim
Collect evidence to support your claim
Determine the viability of your claim and the potentially liable parties
Explain to you your options and legal rights
Handle the complex procedures the court has
While the facts and evidence may be at your side , the success of your claim is dependent on your medical malpractice attorney to prove it .
At Pittsburgh Medical Malpractice Lawyers , they know how to put all these details together and present them to a jury .
If you think that you have a solid case against the medical provider for those injuries which you or your loved one endured from negligence , contact our lawyers today .
Today , I had the need to transfer a great deal of data from my wifes old iBook to my T61 .
As I sat down , I plugged in my USB 2.0 hard drive , and begin transferring the data .
3 minutes later , it 's finished .
Now , to plug it in to my T61 and repeat the process .
This is taking too long .
There has to be a faster solution .
First , I thought about wireless .
Both of our laptops have 802.11g , but that 's only 54 Mbps , vs 480 Mbps with USB 2.0 .
That would take substantially longer .
We both have 10/100 NIC cards , so 100 Mbps is better , but no where near USB 2.0 .
Then I recognize the Firewire ports , and remember reading years ago that you could network Firewire devices .
At 400 Mbps , this seems to be a good solution if I can ad hoc the laptops .
After a Bit O' Google , I find the answer .
First I needed to load the eth1394 driver into the kernel ( and ieee1394 if not already ) :
aaron@kratos :~ 6673 % sudo modprobe eth1394 aaron@kratos :~ 6674 % lsmod | grep 1394 eth1394 22024 0 ohci1394 36532 0 ieee1394 106968 3 eth1394,sbp2,ohci1394
Now , I have a new eth1 device , of which I can set an address to .
aaron@kratos :~ 6675 % ip addr show eth1 6 : eth1 : mtu 1500 qdisc noop qlen 1000 link / ieee1394 00:06:1b:03:2a:11:22:51 brd ff:ff :ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff aaron@kratos :~ 6676 % sudo ifconfig eth1 10.19.84.1 netmask 255.255.255.0 up aaron@kratos :~ 6677 % ip addr show eth1 6 : eth1 : mtu 1500 qdisc pfifo_fast qlen 1000 link / ieee1394 00:06:1b:03:2a:11:22:51 brd ff : ff : ff : ff : ff :ff :ff :ff inet 10.19.84.1/24 brd 10.19.84.255 scope global eth1
Now , to do the same on my wife 's iBook .
Because she 's running Mac OS X , I 'm not too terribly familiar with the tools on the command line , so , I 'll pop into the GUI .
First , I need to open up System Preferences and click on Network .
Then listed is Firewire Networking .
I 'll click that and setup my connection manually , giving it the IP address of 10.19.84.2 with the same netmask of 255.255.255.0 .
Now to test the connection from my T61 :
aaron@kratos :~ 6678 % ping -c 2 10.19.84.2 PING 10.19.84.2 ( 10.19.84.1 ) 56 ( 84 ) bytes of data .
64 bytes from 10.19.84.2 : icmp_seq=1 ttl=64 time=0.492 ms 64 bytes from 10.19.84.2 : icmp_seq=2 ttl=64 time=0.476 ms --- 10.19.84.2 ping statistics --- 2 packets transmitted , 2 received , 0 % packet loss , time 1001 ms rtt min/avg/ max/mdev = 0.476/0.484/0.492/0.008 ms
Success !
Now , to transfer my file .
I setup an SSH server on my T61 listening on all interfaces , so , from the terminal on the iBook , I could issue the following command :
athena : ~ aaron $ scp ubuntu-8.04 -dvd-i386.iso 10.19.84.1:~ - snip - aaron@10.19.84.1 's password : ubuntu-8.04 -dvd-i386.iso 100 % 3795 MB 25.5MB/s 02:29
While definitely better than copying it from iBook to external hard drive , than external hard drive to T61 , I was disappointed in the performance .
Only 25.5 MBps ?
I thought ieee1394a had 400 Mbps , or 50 M Bps theoretical max .
And I 'm only getting half ?
I hope it 's compression that 's slowing it down .
I may spend some time digging deeper to see if I can get a faster speed .
At any event , the file was transferred only once , and I was able to take advantage of the fastest speed I had available - networking with Firewire .
Recently by Peter Schiff : Dough for Dumps ?
Ayn Rand wrote , " when you see corruption being rewarded and honesty becoming a self - sacrifice — you may know that your society is doomed . "
America is not doomed , but the fellows in Washington are pushing for that outcome .
It seems that all the characters that encouraged this financial crisis are being rewarded , and Ben Bernanke ’s re-nomination is no exception to this rule .
He was on the Board of Governors when Alan Greenspan grew our bubble economy .
Known as " Helicopter Ben , " Bernanke was the most vocal supporter of low interest rates to combat the bogus threat of deflation , even if it meant dropping cash from helicopters .
He succeeded in his aim — as it is hard for prices to decline while the money supply is growing by double digits .
Of course , much of that new money went into speculative bubbles , first in tech and then real estate .
When the misallocation became too great to ignore , the credit markets froze and leveraged institutions started failing .
Now , Bernanke says that he does n’t want to preside over another Great Depression .
That does n’t mean he does n’t want another Great Depression ; he just does n’t want to preside over it .
His plan seems to be continuing to print money so that the depression is n’t apparent until after he leaves office .
However , while Greenspan was able to get out of Dodge , Bernanke will probably not be so lucky , as his reappointment virtually guarantees that he will be in the middle of the action when the bullets start to fly .
Left to clean up his own mess , Bernanke will soon regret not quitting while the going was good .
The Little Book of Bul ... Peter D. Schiff Best Price : $ 0.05 Buy New $ 1.99 ( as of 05:25 EST - Details )
Bernanke is being praised for avoiding a collapse in the financial system .
While he has forestalled some short - term pain , he has in turn forsaken long - term gain .
The " green shoots " that set the pundits alight are nothing more than the direct effects of massive monetary expansion .
What we have is nominal growth in the unproductive service and consumption sectors .
In short , Bernanke is being praised by the drug addicts for not cutting them off .
But the thing about addiction is that the longer you stay hooked , the more deadly the withdrawal .
What this country needs is a Fed Chairman that is immensely unpopular , backed by a courageous President .
Under Paul Volcker and Ronald Reagan , this model proved effective at avoiding a complete economic collapse in the early 1980’s .
In case posterity ’s resounding approval has clouded anyone ’s memory , Volcker was vilified and threatened with impeachment at the height of that crisis .
Reagan ’s decision to stand behind Volcker allowed the Chairman to persevere .
It has never been popular to be responsible .
Only after the markets settled and the country experienced twenty years of prosperity was history ’s final judgment made about Volcker .
Crash Proof : How to Pr... Downes , John Best Price : $ 0.10 Buy New $ 8.99 ( as of 12:00 EST - Details )
Greenspan undid the painful sacrifice we made in 1981 .
He grew a bubble in tech stocks and then refused to allow the economy to restructure after it burst , instead inflating a real estate bubble in its stead .
Meanwhile , federal spending ballooned , along with unfunded liabilities and guarantees that distorted the capital markets .
The Fed created moral hazard because the government assumed that any excessive debt would be monetized .
When push came to shove , Bernanke did exactly that , perhaps even hiding his intervention by buying Treasuries through intermediaries .
In doing so , he allowed our elected officials to avoid making the politically costly decisions that would have prepared the country for future growth .
To get a sense of Bernanke ’s ultimate legacy , look no further than Argentina .
Though many of the rich and powerful had moved their savings abroad , a currency collapse wiped out the middle class in that historically prosperous country .
Is such an outcome worth the short - term comfort of avoiding the severe but temporary pain of unemployment and mortgage defaults ?
Bernanke ’s re-nomination is a politically safe decision for President Obama , and at least Bernanke is a devil we know .
However , this lack of a " change " for the better should squash any " hope " for a genuine recovery .
If the Bush years were as bad as the Democrats claim , then it is curious that they are mimicking and magnifying the same mistakes .
No one has been held accountable for a financial crisis that the professors , pundits , and politicians told us would not come .
All the same players are running the game , always changing the rules so they stay on top .
Real " change we can believe in " would be a return to our roots in the rule of law and a system of sound money — but it ’s hard to stay grounded when you ’re throwing money from helicopters .
The Best of Peter Schiff
Recently there has been a flurry of books from the “ New Atheists . ”
Such figures as Richard Dawkins , Sam Harris , Daniel Dennett , and Christopher Hitchens have been holding forth to state . . . well , not anything new .
The reason there is nothing new to say is that there cannot , by the nature of the discussion , be anything new to say .
When it came to the question “ Does God exist ? , ” St. Thomas could only think of two reasonable objections in the whole history of human thought .
Objection 1 : It seems that God does not exist , because if one of two contraries be infinite , the other would be altogether destroyed .
But the word “ God ” means that He is infinite goodness .
If , therefore , God existed , there would be no evil discoverable ; but there is evil in the world .
Therefore God does not exist .
Objection 2 : Further , it is superfluous to suppose that what can be accounted for by a few principles has been produced by many .
But it seems that everything we see in the world can be accounted for by other principles , supposing God did not exist .
For all natural things can be reduced to one principle which is nature ; and all voluntary things can be reduced to one principle which is human reason , or will .
Therefore there is no need to suppose God ’s existence .
Every reasonable atheistic argument is a restatement of one or both of these basic points .
Objection 1 : The Argument from Evil is a rich treasure trove for the New Atheists , providing as it does multiple opportunities to bang on about how Religion Poisons Everything and brandish the usual rap sheet of evils done by theists .
And , best of all , should some theist timidly observe that 20th - century atheists shed oceans of blood dwarfing anything ever achieved by theists , the New Atheist can then rail against the uncaring and immoral God who lets innocents suffer and die .
It ’s win / win !
If you are as quick - witted as Hitchens , you can even try to reclassify communism and Nazism as “ religions . ”
This last ploy may not pass the laugh test with most people , but it ’s still workable with the Chattering Classes .
All the New Atheist need do is hope that his reader wo n’t inquire too deeply into just how he arrives at certitude about what “ good ” or “ evil ” is without smuggling in all sorts of transcendent categories from a supernatural worldview .
For the New Atheist is full of moral prescriptions and proscriptions :
We should be teaching children about Darwin .
We should not be teaching children religion .
We should have greater tolerance for sexual diversity .
We should not be subjecting infants to circumcision .
We ought to be doing X , we ought not to be doing Y , etc .
The problem is this : Trying to derive a moral universe — any moral universe at all — of Should from a purely materialistic universe of Is turns out to be impossible .
The perfectly just outrage of a Hitchens at some crime by a theist turns out — if you grant the New Atheists ’ materialism — to be just one more biochemical reaction .
And privileging a biochemical reaction merely because it is a lot more complex than , say , combustion is as crude a mystification as bowing down to a rock because it ’s really really big .
In the atheistic universe of Is the biochemical reactions going on in the piece of matter called “ Adolf Hitler ” can have no greater or lesser Oughtness than the biochemical reactions going on in the piece of matter called “ Martin Luther King Jr . ”
They just Are .
Attempts to impose meaning or value judgments on these biochemical processes are , in the final materialist analysis , simply one more sample of the human brain ’s innate tendency toward pattern - making — which , according to Dawkins , is the source of the God Delusion .
As the real modern atheist , Richard Rorty , pointed out , there is no universally valid answer to moral questions such as , “ Why not be cruel ? ” Quoth Rorty :
Anybody who thinks that there are well - grounded theoretical answers to this sort of question . . . is still , in his heart , a theologian or a metaphysician .
He believes in an order beyond time and change which both determines the point of human existence and establishes a hierarchy of responsibilities .
The New Atheists , however , seem to be blissfully unaware of all this , because they are , in fact , Old Atheists of the 18th and 19th centuries who retain a serene confidence that the privileged bits of the moral and rational order looted from the Christian civilization they are laboring to destroy will just go coasting on of their own accord .
Because of this , the New Atheists retain the charming Enlightenment faith that they can hold on to that particular pattern - making epiphenomenon of brain tissue called Reason as they deploy the other staple argument of any really substantial atheistic case : Objection 2 : The Everything - Works - Fine - Without - God Argument .
This argument is what undergirds most attempts to back up the New Atheism with a gloss of scientism .
It goes like this : People once thought lightning was the Wrath of God and disease was caused by evil spirits .
Now we know the physical laws behind a lot of phenomena .
Therefore , there is no Legislator of those Laws , and he cannot alter those laws or feed new data into his creation because that would interfere with the philosophy of a lot of tenured people .
Put briefly , you propose a huge metaphysical hypothesis that Absolutely Everything popped into existence 13 billion years ago with the help of Nobody , but loaves and fishes cannot pop into existence 2,000 years ago with the help of Jesus of Nazareth , despite the eyewitnesses who inexplicably chose to die in torments proclaiming He did .
The trick to establishing this hypothesis as dogma — when the odds currently stand at 10137 to 1 against the fine tuning of the universe — is to take a particular methodology that , by its nature , only looks at time , space , matter , and energy and have thousands of people repeat “ Only what our methodology can measure is real ! ” for two centuries over millions of loudspeakers .
Voila !
The words of C. S. Lewis ’s Mr. Enlightenment become the Received Wisdom of an entire culture :
Hypothesis , my dear young friend , establishes itself by a cumulative process : or , to use popular language , if you make the same guess often enough it ceases to be a guess and becomes a Scientific Fact .
If people still are troubled by those 10137 to 1 odds , just wave your hand like Dawkins and say there are probably lots of universes , so ours was bound to turn up .
Admittedly , there ’s absolutely no evidence whatsoever for that claim .
But if you invoke “ string theory ” and mention Stephen Hawking ’s name you can generally intimidate people into silence .
If this does n’t work , you can , like Dawkins , argue that “ any God capable of intelligently designing something as complex as the DNA / protein machine must have been at least as complex and organized as that machine itself . ”
Have another New Atheist named Dennett declare this argument “ unrebuttable . ”
Then quote Dennett quoting you and declare him spot on .
You might also want to throw in something about how much more science knows about the complexity of universe today than in St. Thomas ’s day .
Do n’t play up the fact that medievals knew as well as anybody else with two eyes that the universe is a really complex place .
And , in particular , do n’t discuss the fact that St. Thomas addressed your brand new unrebuttable objection nearly 900 years ago in his Summa Theologiae ( Part I , Question 3 , Article 7 ) .
Most of all , overlook the fact that the question you are supposed to be attending to is “ whether God exists , ” not “ whether God is complex . ”
Ignore the fact that all a theist has to do is show that creation is contingent and therefore necessarily depends on what is not contingent for existence .
Do not remind yourself that the theist is not obliged to say he or she understands that non-contingent Being , merely that such a being exists .
If all this fails and your reader still thinks St. Thomas is getting the better of you , call your reader a creationist in the same tone of voice you ’d use to say , “ You left your used Kleenex on my coffee table . ”
Or , if you are Hitchens , just compare him to Osama bin Laden .
Now Objections 1 and 2 are all she wrote as far as good atheist arguments .
You can expand on them by multiplying examples of evil or by ringing the changes on various natural processes that seem to be getting on fine without God .
But you ca n’t add to these arguments .
And that ’s what fascinates me about the New Atheists .
Because , as Dawkins ’s “ unrebuttable ” fallacy just demonstrated above , the New Atheists and their disciples do not stick to these , the only two really reasonable objections to God ’s existence there ever have been or ever will be .
Instead , they exhibit the telling tic of the nervous rhetorician and incorrigibly lard on various other arguments known as “ fallacies . ”
To borrow a term from Dawkins , one common meme among the New Atheists is the Argument from Intellectual Maturity .
It ’s a gripe as old as Celsus , eloquently repackaged in the words of Christopher Hitchens :
[ Religion ] comes from the bawling and fearful infancy of our species , and is a babyish attempt to meet our inescapable demand for knowledge ( as well as for comfort , reassurance , and other infantile needs ) .
This boast of being the first adults after humanity ’s long childhood of irrational mysticism is a theme to which the New Atheists ( who like to refer to themselves as “ Brights ” ) return again and again .
Only the Trained Measurers of Time , Space , Matter , and Energy are the natural custodians of the Knowledge of Ultimate Reality ; while only the stupid , immature , or crazy can suppose the existence of the supernatural .
The Brights are , in Carl Sagan ’s phrase , the candlebearers in a demon - haunted world , the Vanguard of Humanity Come of Age .
If St. Thomas were around to summarize the argument , it would go something like this :
Objection 3 : It seems that God does not exist , because children , fools , and other simpletons believe He does .
Therefore , God is a delusion concocted by mental and emotional juveniles .
This argument has a certain appeal in a world of ululating Cartoon Rioters , six - day creationists , spoon - benders , Art Bell fans , and Marian Apparitions on Grilled Cheese Sandwiches .
Yet , curiously , right in the middle of his own discourse on the immaturity of the theist , Hitchens makes a strange and startling confession of faith in the infallible mystical insights of one particular child named “ Christopher Hitchens . ”
In God Is Not Great , Hitchens describes how , at the age of nine , he concluded that his teacher ’s claim that the world must be designed was wrong :
I simply knew , almost as if I had privileged access to a higher authority , that my teacher had managed to get everything wrong .
Hitchens ’s brother , Peter , drily replies :
At the time of this revelation , he knew nothing of the vast , unending argument between those who maintain that the shape of the world is evidence of design , and those who say the same world is evidence of random , undirected natural selection .
It ’s my view that he still does n’t know all that much about this interesting dispute .
Yet at the age of nine , he “ simply knew ” who had won one of the oldest debates in the history of mankind .
What is marvelous is how nakedly Hitchens reveals his own atheist convictions to be entirely faith - based and — what is more — based on faith in a mystical epiphany to a nine - year - old boy .
All the massive artillery of his adult wit and eloquence is , in the final analysis , ranked and ranged to protect that boy and his emotional epiphany .
In contrast , all Christ asks of us is to have hearts like children , not minds like children .
St. Thomas ’s faith was childlike ; his intellect was formidably adult .
Hitchens , in contrast , demands we reject St. Thomas ’s fifth demonstration of the existence of God — because a nine - year - old boy had a really strong feeling once half - a- century ago .
Another curious strategy of the New Atheists has , like the Argument from Intellectual Maturity , a certain prima facie appeal .
It is the Argumentum Contra Suckers .
Again , in Thomistic terms , it goes something like this :
Objection 4 : It seems that God does not exist , for shepherd children , peasants , polyester - clad tourists from Jersey , and other people I regard as suckers say they see miracles .
But any God worthy of the name would submit to my demand for experimental proof , not manifest Himself to such tacky people .
God does not submit to my demands , therefore God does not exist .
This conundrum goes all the way back to the New Testament , of course .
The Pharisees made a similar demand , and Christ replied :
An evil and adulterous generation seeks for a sign ; but no sign shall be given to it except the sign of the prophet Jonah ( Mt 12:39 ) .
The New Atheists and their students have , of course , a simple explanation for this : Jesus would give no sign because he could give no sign .
His miraculous claims were fraudulent , so he just shouted critics down and bolted for the door .
His equally fraudulent disciples imitated him , giving us the fiction of the New Testament .
There are two problems with this simple explanation .
First , why would the Gospels record this rather embarrassing incident ?
If the whole thing is , as it appears , an account of the time the Master dodged getting caught as a fraud , it seems much easier for his chroniclers to just skip it .
Particularly since the evangelists are frauds themselves whose entire task was to doctor the record in order to paint their dead rabbi as a god .
Second , why do the chroniclers then record that , after this , Jesus promptly goes off and started working various signs ?
Can such cunning frauds really be so dumb as to not think anybody would notice ?
Or might it be that Jesus ’ words and deeds do not admit of such a surface reading ?
Again , the New Atheist account of the Gospels winds up sounding a great deal like Lewis ’s Mr. Enlightenment :
The Landlord is an invention of those Stewards .
All made up to keep the rest of us under their thumb : and of course the Stewards are hand in glove with the police .
They are a shrewd lot , those Stewards .
They know which side their bread is buttered on , all right .
Clever fellows .
Damn me , I ca n’t help admiring them .
But do you mean that the Stewards do n’t believe it themselves ?
I dare say they do .
It is just the sort of cock and bull story they would believe .
They are simple old souls most of them — just like children .
They have no knowledge of modern science and would believe anything they were told .
This curious pattern of trying to have things both ways is on remarkable display among the New Atheists .
On the one hand , we run into contradictory explanations that do not explain , such as diabolically clever evangelists who are too stupid to read their own books .
On the other hand , we run into a curious role reversal when it comes to dealing with claims of the miraculous , not 2,000 years ago , but right here and now .
Theists , you will recall , are dogmatists utterly closed to empirical evidence that challenges their tidy little universe .
The New Atheists , in contrast , are realists who just follow the evidence where it leads , and luckily it leads to what they “ simply knew ” since they were nine years old .
Yet curiously , we so often meet New Atheists like London Times columnist Matthew Parris .
Recently , Parris wrote his coolly intellectual reaction to the story of Sr. Marie Simon - Pierre , who , as doctors confirm , was suddenly healed of a well - documented case of Parkinson ’s Disease on the night of June 2 , 2005 , after praying for the intercession of the recently deceased Pope John Paul II .
By way of careful scientific examination of these facts , Parris deployed the following analytical algorithms :
1. Link the story with crazy dispensationalist notions about the Second Coming ; 2 . Call for “ intelligent Christians ” to voice their “ righteous anger ” and “ contempt ” for this “ nonsense ” ( apparently meaning “ any belief in the supernatural ” ) ; 3 . Ridicule the “ excesses of Lourdes ” ; 4 . Lament “ the woeful confusion of faith with superstition ” ; and 5 .
Categorically condemn anyone stupid enough to “ honestly entertain the possibility that from beyond the grave the late Pope John Paul II interceded with God to cause a woman to be cured of Parkinson ’s disease . ”
Parris concludes this dispassionate pursuit of the evidence with the following de fide definition :
“ But how can you be sure ? ” Oh boy , am I sure .
Oh great quivering mountains of pious mumbo- jumbo , am I sure .
Oh fathomless oceans of sanctified babble , am I sure .
Words cannot express my confidence in the answer to the question whether God cured a nun because she wrote a Pope ’s name down .
He did n’t .
Simple - minded folk might think that the truly rational first step is to find out if the nun had Parkinson ’s and then find out if she was cured .
Why not research the strange and well - documented deeds of St. Pio of Pietrelcina ?
Or the miracles at Lourdes ?
Instead , the tactics of Parris are defended with a sort of mantra : “ Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . ”
This slogan is designed to persuade us that the debate is over what the facts are — not over whether the New Atheist materialist dogma permits him to so much as look at them .
The reality is that extraordinary claims are established on the basis of human evidence every day .
No man can prove in a lab that his wife loves him , yet for millions of men it is an extraordinary fact more certain than the age of the universe , accepted entirely on human testimony .
For centuries , extraordinary claims were brought back from Africa of a mysterious manlike creature that dwelt deep in the jungles .
The way the reality of this creature was determined was not by sitting in a lab parroting “ extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence , ” but by going and seeing whether or not gorillas were there .
And that ’s the thing :
The believers go and see .
Credo ut intelligam .
New Atheists stay at home and rail at what Hitchens calls the “ ostentatious absurdity of the pilgrimage . ”
Seventy - thousand eyewitnesses ( including atheists and skeptics ) to the Miracle of the Sun at Fatima are told by the stay - at - home dogmatist that it was spontaneous mass hallucination unprecedented in history .
People who have experienced scientifically documented and inexplicable healings at Lourdes are commanded by New Atheists to believe they are victims or perpetrators of some sort of unnamed “ excess . ”
A Host begins bleeding human blood at a Mass in Betania , Venezuela , and the whole thing is caught on video by an ordinary tourist ?
Conspiracy and trick photography , despite the fact that the Host ( still preserved in a monstrance after being subjected rigorous tests ) continues to bleed now and then to this day .
And when the resolve to Just Not Look begins to crumble under the suspicion there might be something to the supernatural after all , the solution is “ Pop in a DVD of the Amazing Randi or Penn and Teller debunking something and repeat to yourself ‘ Some claims of the supernatural are bunk , therefore all are . ' ”
God ’s obstinate tendency to conform to the Harvard Law of Animal Behavior ( “ God , under carefully controlled , laboratory conditions , will do whatever he likes ” ) has prompted some particularly desperate New Atheists to propose one final objection in a last ditch attempt to show who is boss .
This is known as the Argument from Chronological Snobbery .
It may be seen in chemical purity in the words a devotee of the New Atheism who recently wrote me :
Because science is evidence - based and ever - evolving it is actually better suited to unravel the mysteries of life and the universe than ancient “ divine ” texts .
( Is it unreasonable to ask , for instance , that the Lord offer us at least a cursory sketch of DNA in his “ authoritative ” text on the workings of the world ?
Or perhaps it ’s time for the old man to reveal a revised edition that at least pays lip service to the Enlightenment and the wonderful discoveries of science , none of which were implied or indicated in the slightest in his original “ bible . ” )
St. Thomas would put it thus :
Objection 5 . It seems God does not exist , because if he did exist he would meet my demand for proof by giving a biblical author knowledge — such as the soil composition of Mars or the design of a microchip — impossibly ahead of the Bronze Age .
He has not done this , therefore God does not exist .
Now there are only two sorts of people who think Scripture is supposed to be The Big Book of Everything : New Atheists and Fundamentalists ( who are more alike than either realizes ) .
Catholics , in contrast , believe Scripture to be about God ’s progressive revelation of salvation in Jesus Christ and reject the notion that its mission is to give us the atomic weight of the hydrogen atom or a schematic for a transistor .
That ’s because our present is not , in the words of Lewis , “ the final and permanent platform ” from which all is to be judged and the ultimate summit to which all has been leading .
Think about it .
Suppose some earlier skeptic made similar demands .
If he is God , says the medieval skeptic , then why does n’t Exodus discuss the four humors of the body ?
Where is the blueprint for the astrolabe in Genesis or the science of leechcraft in Numbers ?
The 17th - century skeptic demands to know why God nowhere reveals ultimate truth — Newtonian physics — in Scripture .
The 19th - century skeptic demands to know why God never deigned to reveal the hard scientific fact of aether to Moses .
In the 1940s , the Stalinist skeptic laughs at the Bible ’s ignorance of Lamarckian evolution .
In short , it is the glory of science to progress .
Meanwhile , the purpose of revelation is not to tell us everything about everything , but to tell us about the important things .
And the irony is , the revelation of creation ex nihilo is precisely the sort of thing that transcends both Bronze and Digital Age mythologies .
Paganism tended toward a cyclical , not a linear , vision of time .
It universally imagined the gods making the universe from some sort of “ stuff . ”
Only one people held the fixed belief in creation ex nihilo : the Jews , who insisted that “ God created the heavens and the earth ” out of nothing .
Scientifically , the question of whether the universe even had a beginning remained open until about 40 years ago .
How that beginning came about is still — and always will be — a question that transcends science and can only be known by revelation .
At this point , the sane metaphysician must sooner or later say , “ Very well then , science is limited and I must grow beyond its narrow confines .
I must embrace a larger metaphysic that encompasses science , yet allows for supernatural revelation that transcends , not contradicts , the truths revealed by science . ”
The insane metaphysic says , “ No ! Everything must fit my narrow empiricist worldview ! ”
That is what the Catholic Tradition calls “ pride . ”
And that , ultimately , is the real issue here , not “ sufficient evidence . ”
The solution to this blunder is what the tradition calls “ humility . ”
G. K. Chesterton once remarked that the only response a believer can give to the one who will not understand is “ You do n’t understand . ”
It should be noted that the operative term here is “ will not , ” not “ cannot . ”
There are two sorts of questioners , roughly speaking : those who ask to find things out and those who ask to keep from finding things out .
This is the explanation for Jesus ’ mysterious refusal to give a sign , coupled with his curious willingness to give all sorts of signs .
For everyone who asks , receives ; and the one who seeks , finds ; and to the one who knocks , the door will be opened .
But those who ask in order to keep from finding also get what they seek .
For all find what they truly seek .
Finkelstein ranked 16th most influential political scientist , 4th for the years 2000 - 2020 in the US and 22nd in world .
An interview on his life and career
