© Friedrich Gerlach Weihnachtsfeier am 25.12.1944 mit Offizieren , Uffz. und deren Frauen .
Links und rechts vom Weihnachtsmann stehen im Hintergrund mehrere Leute vom Reiterzug .
Ich stehe links neben dem Weihnachtsmann .
Neben mir , etwas im Hintergrund , Völker , dann Scholz .
Anmerkung der Redaktion : Im Februar 2016 identifizierte die Enkelin ihren Großvater Johann Emil Rock aus Wurthfleth im heutigen Niedersachsen ( stehend , Zweiter von rechts ) .
[ Abbildung ] Weihnachten 1944 Weihnachtsfeier am 25.12.1944 mit Offizieren , Uffz. und deren Frauen .
Links und rechts vom Weihnachtsmann stehen im Hintergrund mehrere Leute vom Reiterzug .
Ich stehe links neben dem Weihnachtsmann .
Neben mir , etwas im Hintergrund , Völker , dann Scholz .
Deutsches Historisches Museum , Berlin LeMO de Deutsches Reich , Carinhall
Anfragen wegen Bildvorlagen bitte unter Angabe des Verwendungszwecks an : bildarchiv@dhm.de
# 912101 +( 3287 ) - [ X ] x-c0n : Dude I was so drunk last night .. apparently this girl said I drew a line on her forehead with my cum and whispered , " Simba " .
“ Employees using the same passwords on Facebook that they use in the workplace bring the possibility of compromising enterprise systems with insecure passwords , especially if they are using easy to crack passwords like ‘ 123456 ’ , ” he added .
CANASTOTA , N.Y . 
An intensely watched Congressional race here that has become a battleground over the future of the Republican Party took another surprising turn on Sunday , when the Republican candidate  who ended her campaign a day earlier  announced that she was endorsing the Democrat .
The endorsement only intensified the intra-party fighting that has characterized the bitter contest , as Republicans denounced their former nominee , Assemblywoman Dede Scozzafava , calling her a turncoat who was a member of the party in name only .
“ She basically put aside any pretensions and threw in with the Democrats , ” said Dick Armey , the former Republican House leader , who was among an ever - growing group of conservative leaders opposed to Ms. Scozzafava ’s place on the Republican ticket .
Those leaders embraced Douglas L. Hoffman , the candidate on the Conservative Party line .
The White House helped engineer Ms. Scozzafava ’s turnabout , sensing an opportunity to turn the rift that has emerged between moderate and conservative Republicans to its advantage .
Members of New York ’s Democratic Congressional delegation also reached out to Ms. Scozzafava over the weekend and encouraged her to back the Democrat , Bill Owens , a lawyer from Plattsburgh , N.Y .
Construction of type - safe paths
You can use the construction functions as follows :
f :: Path .
RelFile f = relDir " tmp " </> relFile " someFile " <.> " ext "
or ...
f :: Path .
RelFile f = dirPath " tmp " </> filePath " someFile " <.> " ext "
or ...
f :: Path .
RelFile f = path " tmp " </> path " someFile " <.> " ext "
or just ...
f :: Path.RelFile f = relFile " tmp/someFile.ext "
The first and the last implementations force the most specific types and thus should be prefered .
Overloaded string literals are no longer supported , since this extension is intended for alternative text storage types .
It would also decrease the type safety if you could omit the path type and let the compiler guess its type .
Modules
You will typically want to import as follows :
import qualified System .
Path .
Directory as Dir import qualified System .
Path .IO as PathIO import qualified System .
Path as Path import System .
Path ( ( </> ) )
System .
Path .
Generic provides all functions with the OS as type parameter .
System .
Path .
Posix and System .
Path .
Windows offers only path constructors and destructors fixed to the corresponding operating system .
System .
Path exports either System .
Path .
Posix or System .
Path .
Windows depending on the host system and additionally the manipulation functions from System .
Path .
Generic .
This mix should be appropriate for the average use and should free the user from writing type annotations .
How to choose proper type arguments
The ar and the fd type parameters have quite different meaning .
The types Abs and Rel refer to a property of the path , whereas the type File and Dir refers to a property of a disk object .
You can decide whether a path is absolute or relative by just watching ( the beginning of ) the path string .
In contrast to that , you have to access the disk in order to check the existence and type of an disk object .
Even more , the disk object might change at any time , e.g. the user might delete a file and create a directory of the same name , or the disk object might not exist , and the purpose of the path is to create an according file or directory .
That 's why even if you have a path of type FilePath ar , every function accessing the file must check that the refered object exists and is a file .
Conversely , there is not much sense in checking the disk object type and then chosing the path accordingly .
Instead , you must choose the path type according to what type of disk object your application needs .
The reality check must be performed and is performed by the standard functions for every access to the object .
If an disk object is not of the type required by the path type then this is a runtime exception that must be handled at runtime but it is not a programming error .
Sometimes you have to change the type of a path as an intermediate step to construct a path for an object of different type .
E.g. you may convert the path " pkg " from DirPath to FilePath because in the next step you like to extend it to " pkg.tar.gz " .
This is valid use of the Path type .
E.g. the function dropExtensions reduces the FilePath " pkg.tar.gz " to the new FilePath " pkg " although no - one expects that there is or will be a file with name " pkg " .
Thus , if a function has a FilePath parameter then there is no warranty that it accesses the according file and does not touch related disk objects .
It may well be that the function derives other file and directory names from the path and accesses them .
That is , a FilePath or DirPath parameter is mainly for documentation purposes but it cannot prevent you seriously from any damage .
How to cope with user input
You may get a path from the user , e.g. as command - line argument .
It might be either absolute or relative and it might refer to an actual file or directory or to something yet non-existing .
In most cases it will not be important whether the path is absolute or relative , thus you should choose the AbsRel type parameter .
If somewhere in the program an Abs path is needed then you can assert that the path is actually absolutized somewhere e.g. by dynamicMakeAbsolute .
If you prevent usage of genericMakeAbsolute then you avoid to absolutize a path that is already absolutized .
The choice of the fd type parameter follows a different reasoning :
Often you have a clear idea of whether the user must pass a file or directory path .
The rule is : Just give the path the type you expect but do not perform any checking ( unless you want to warn the user earlier about imminent danger ) .
The disk object type must checked for every access to the object , anyway , so there is no point in checking it immediately .
With your choice of the fd parameter you just document its intended use .
It might be that the path is only a base name used to construct other directory and file names .
E.g. for an Audacity project named music you have to create the directory music_data and the file music.aup .
In this case we recommend to give music the type FilePath .
This type warrants that there is at least one final path component in contrast to a directory path that might be empty .
You can easily convert a file path to a directory path using Path.dirFromFile .
The reverse conversion is partial .
AbsRel vs. ar type parameter
In your application you will often know whether your path denotes a file or directory , thus you will use the Path .
File or Path .
Dir type synonym .
In contrast to that , you will often not know whether the path is relative or absolute and often it does not even matter .
You can express this either by using the monomorphic type Path .
AbsRelFile or by using the parameterized type Path .
File ar with constraint PathClass .
AbsRel ar .
We recommend to use the first variant for command - line option parsing and the second one for the application functions .
When you parse options it is the time where you know that you do not know whether the path is absolute or relative .
That is , you could neither parse it as Path .
Abs nor as Path .
Rel .
Thus a type variable makes no sense .
You should always parse to type Path .
AbsRel .
Conversely , your application would work equally well with Path .
Abs , Path .
Rel and Path .
AbsRel .
Thus , using an ar type variable is the way to go .
You must make sure to use different ar - like variables for independent paths .
By equality of ar - like type variables you can also document dependencies of paths for the programmers .
Command - line argument parsing with optparse - applicative
For parsing of path options with the optparse - applicative package you might use the following helper functions :
module Option where import qualified System .
Path .
PartClass as PathC import qualified System .
Path as Path import qualified Options .
Applicative as OP path :: ( PathC.FileDir fd ) => OP .
ReadM ( Path. AbsRel fd ) path = OP.eitherReader Path.parse pathArgument :: PathC.FileDir fd => OP .
Mod OP.ArgumentFields ( Path. AbsRel fd ) -> OP .
Parser ( Path. AbsRel fd ) pathArgument = OP.argument path pathOption :: PathC.FileDir fd => OP .
Mod OP .
OptionFields ( Path. AbsRel fd ) -> OP .
Parser ( Path. AbsRel fd ) pathOption = OP.option path
It performs minimal checking of path strings as part of option parsing .
E.g. it will report a user error if the user passes " abc / " as a file path .
File system links
This package does not explicitly handle file system links .
We treat a file path containing links like any other file path .
The same holds for directory paths .
A link is handled like any other path component .
Drive - relative paths on MS Windows
We use the Rel type for paths that can be relative to any directory .
We use the Abs type for all other paths , i.e. for paths with explicit locations or with restrictions on the set of locations .
Windows has a notion of drives and maintains a current directory for every drive .
E.g. the path " c:text.txt " refers to the current directory of drive C .
Since it cannot be freely combined with other directories we treat this path like an absolute path .
This is consistent with the behaviour of the filepath package .
E.g. filepath evaluates all of the expressions " \\abs " </> " c:driverel " , " c:\\abs " </> " c:driverel " , " d:\\abs " </> " c:driverel " to " c:driverel " .
In our package you would have to use genericMakeAbsolute but we recommend to avoid its use .
Path format strings
You might allow a user to pass a format string such as " page %06d.png " to your program .
How to integrate this into the type - safe path handling ?
We recommend not to use the Path for the format string but instead to define a custom type :
newtype Format ar fd = Format String printf :: ( PathC.AbsRel ar ) => Format ar fd -> Int ->
Either String ( Path ar fd ) printf ( Format fmt ) n = Path. parse ( Pf.printf fmt n )
This makes sure that you will access a path on disk only after formatting the path string .
Known problems
Mac
Currently we select the Posix module on Mac systems .
On the one hand this choice is right since Mac uses slashes for path component separation .
On the other hand it is wrong since Mac ignores case when comparing filepaths .
( CNN ) -- BlackBerry customers throughout North America were without e-mail and Internet services for more than eight hours after a widespread outage that lasted until early Wednesday .
Customers began receiving e-mails again around 2:45 a.m. ET .
Initial reports of outages came from BlackBerry around 6:30 p.m .
BlackBerry did not give a reason for the outage .
It was the second such outage for users in less than a week .
At one point , BlackBerry estimated 100 percent of its customers in North America were affected by the outage , according to an e-mail sent to customers .
" Black Berry subscribers may be unable to send or receive messages .
Subscribers may also be unable to register their device , roam in another location , or use other services such as Internet browsing , " the e-mail said .
" BlackBerry Internet Service subscribers may be unable to use the BlackBerry Internet Service web site or perform activities such as creating new accounts , integrating third - party email accounts , or viewing email attachments . "
Research in Motion Ltd. , maker of the devices , said it had about 32 million global BlackBerry subscribers as of the end of August .
BlackBerry phones run on multiple wireless carriers , including AT&T , Sprint Nextel and Verizon .
Doing my course through AOT was great , I could do it at my own pace and if I needed to extend the course for whatever reason , I had that option too .
I dealt a lot with trainer Camille MacKenzie which was an absolute pleasure , she made me feel much more relaxed and took the time to thoroughly help me with what I did not understand and never made me feel like a burden .
If I ever do more studying and AOT has the course I want to do , I will definitely be doing it through them !
When marking assessments , it was done quickly with a lot of feedback .
Once I completed my course , they sent out my certificate almost instant which was a bonus .
Iran 's second uranium enrichment facility came to light in September The UN nuclear watchdog 's governing body has passed a resolution condemning Iran for developing a uranium enrichment site in secret .
The International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) also demanded that Iran freeze the project immediately .
The resolution , the first against Iran in nearly four years , was passed by a 25 - 3 margin with six abstentions .
Iran called the move " useless " but the US said it showed time was running out for Iran to address key issues .
Iran says its nuclear programme is for peaceful energy purposes , but the US says it is seeking nuclear weapons .
In September , it emerged that as well as its uranium enrichment facility at Natanz , Iran had a second such facility near the town of Qom .
The revelation deepened Western fears about the country 's nuclear ambitions .
' Clear signal '
The IAEA resolution was passed with rare Russian and Chinese backing .
Only Cuba , Venezuela and Malaysia voted against it .
I believe the next stage will have to be sanctions if Iran does not respond to what is a very clear vote
Gordon Brown
New sanctions on way for Iran ?
Text of IAEA resolution
It called on Iran to reveal the purpose of the second plant and confirm that it is not building any other undeclared nuclear facilities .
After the resolution , the US said Iran needed to address " the growing international deficit of confidence in its intentions " .
" Our patience and that of the international community is limited , and time is running out , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said .
" If Iran refuses to meet its obligations , then it will be responsible for its own growing isolation and the consequences . "
Speaking at a Commonwealth summit in Trinidad and Tobago , UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown said that sanctions were the next step if Iran did not respond to what was " a very clear vote " .
Russia 's Foreign Ministry urged Iran to react " with full seriousness " to the resolution .
ANALYSIS Jon Leyne , BBC Tehran correspondent
This resolution is a sign of Iran 's growing isolation .
It is the first at the IAEA since 2006 .
Crucially it secured the support of Russia and China .
That makes it more likely they will vote for new sanctions on Iran when debate is stepped up in the new year , though there are still some tough negotiations ahead .
It seems that Iran 's hesitation over a new fuel deal for its Tehran research reactor and its reluctance to engage in more constructive talks has infuriated even those countries which have protected it in the past .
On Thursday IAEA head Mohamed ElBaradei , who has always pressed for a compromise solution , expressed his frustration in dealing with Iran .
In response , Iran has threatened to reduce its co-operation with the UN nuclear watchdog , but not to break off ties completely .
The real trouble for Tehran is that the Iranian government now seems to be in too much internal turmoil to make clear decisions and follow them through .
But Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast called the IAEA vote " a theatrical move aimed at pressuring Iran " that would be " useless " , state news agency Irna reported .
And Iran 's ambassador to the IAEA , Ali Asghar Soltanieh , said it was a " hasty and undue " step that would jeopardise the chances of success in negotiations .
" The great nation of Iran will never bow to pressure and intimidation vis - a - vis its inalienable right to peaceful uses of nuclear energy , " he said .
The resolution came a day after the outgoing head of the IAEA , Mohamed ElBaradei , expressed frustration at Iran 's refusal to accept an international proposal to end the dispute over its nuclear programme .
The plan envisages Iran 's low - enriched uranium being shipped overseas for processing into fuel .
This is seen as a way for Iran to get the fuel it wants , while giving guarantees to the West that it will not be used for nuclear weapons .
Addressing IAEA governors in Vienna on Thursday , Mr ElBaradei said his inspectors had made no progress in their attempts to verify the peaceful nature of Iran 's nuclear programme .
" It is now well over a year since the agency was last able to engage Iran in discussions about these outstanding issues , " he said .
" We have effectively reached a dead end , unless Iran engages fully with us . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Freighters that ferry goods in the pirate - infested waters off the coast of Somalia have a new and unusual cargo : armed guards .
Shipping firms in the modern era have resisted packing heat even in areas where attacks are common .
Their reasoning : A firefight leading to lawsuits , damaged goods or a sunken ship could cost hundreds of millions of dollars , a sum far exceeding the few million dollars in ransom that pirates usually demand .
But ...
A new study published by The University of Western Ontario reveals that couples who share the responsibility for paid and unpaid work report higher average measures of happiness and life satisfaction than those in other family models .
The ' shared roles ' category , where each partner 's unpaid work is within 40 - 60 per cent of the total unpaid work , is a growing category that now represents more than 25 per cent of respondents .
Couples are more likely to be in a shared roles model when women have more resources and when the couple is less religious .
The ' complementary - traditional family ' model -- with men doing more paid work and women doing more unpaid work -- is declining , but remains the largest category .
Researchers suggest that the shared roles model is advantageous to society in terms of gender equity and its ability to maximize labour force participation by all adults .
It also leaves women less vulnerable in the case of separation , divorce or death of a spouse .
Lead researchers , Rod Beaujot and Zenaida Ravanera from Western 's Department of Sociology , believe that a key policy challenge in Canada is that of accommodating the shared roles model within diverse families .
To promote this model , they suggest policies that support equal opportunities for men and women to access education and work , provide conditions that facilitate work - life balance and promote greater involvement of men in housework and childcare .
" Adequate childcare facilities and equal opportunity to parental leave should also be a focus of Canadian public policy , " adds Beaujot .
The study was conducted as part of the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council - funded Population Change and Lifecourse Strategic Knowledge Cluster , a national network based at Western , led by Beaujot .
He , Ravanera and Jianye Liu of Lakehead University completed this research in London .
The study is based on data collected from Statistics Canada Canadian General Social Surveys of 1986 , 1992 , 1998 , and 2005 .
The couples studied were neither full - time students , nor were they retired .
A trav�s de vialidades de cuota , los conductores del Distrito Federal financiar�n obras para ampliar las redes del Metrob�s , Metro y estaciones de bicicletas
Martes 15 de diciembre de 2009
Edith Mart�nez / Enviada | El Universal
Reality TV Stars Charged for Cooking Rats
Two contestants in the ninth series of reality show I ’m A Celebrity …
Get Me Out of
Here are being charged for animal cruelty after they have killed , cooked and ate rats to improve their meals .
Series winner chef Gino D’Acampo ( right picture ) and fellow contestant Stuart Manning ( left ) are expected to appear in court in Murwillumbah , New South Wales , Australia , on February 3 .
Once convicted , they will face an imprisonment of three years and pay penalty of 2,000 Australian Dollars .
Fellow contestant George Hamilton claimed that they have asked the show ’s crew if they can eat rats .
The crew said yes .
Unfortunately , rats are one of the animals that the show has no approval to slaughter .
The show has been approved to let contestants eat invertebrates but killing and eating animals not bred for food are not included on the list .
D’Acampo and his group had decided to kill the rats that they had seen running around to improve the group ’s meal of rice and beans .
The rat would add protein to the meal .
Caption : The surface of Betelgeuse in near infrared at 1.64 micron in wavelength , obtained with the IOTA interferometer ( Arizona ) .
The image has been re-constructed with two different algorithms , which yield the same details , of 9 milliarcseconds ( mas ) .
The star diameter is about 45 milliarcseconds .
Credit : Copyright 2010 Haubois / Perrin ( LESIA , Observatoire de Paris )
An international team of astronomers has obtained an unprecedented image of the surface of the red supergiant Betelgeuse , in the constellation Orion .
The image reveals the presence of two giant bright spots , which cover a large fraction of the surface .
Their size is equivalent to the Earth - Sun distance .
This observation provides the first strong and direct indication of the presence of the convection phenomenon , transport of heat by moving matter , in a star other than the Sun .
This result provides a better understanding of the structure and evolution of supergiants .
Betelgeuse is a red supergiant located in the constellation of Orion , and is quite different from our Sun .
First , it is a huge star .
If it were the center of our Solar System it would extend to the orbit of Jupiter .
At 600 times larger than our Sun , it radiates approximately 100,000 times more energy .
Additionally , with an age of only a few million years , the Betelgeuse star is already nearing the end of its life and is soon doomed to explode as a supernova .
When it does , the supernova should be seen easily from Earth , even in broad daylight .
But we now know Betelgeuse has some similarities to the Sun , as it also has sunspots .
The surface has bright and dark spots , which are actually regions that are hot and cold spots on the star .
The spots appear due to convection , i.e. , the transport of heat by matter currents .
This phenomenon is observed every day in boiling water .
On the surface of the Sun , these spots are rather well - known and visible .
However , it is not at all the case for other stars and in particular supergiants .
The size , physical characteristics , and lifetime of these dynamical structures remain unknown .
Betelgeuse is a good target for interferometry because its size and brightness make it easier to observe .
Using simultaneously the three telescopes of the Infrared Optical Telescope Array ( IOTA ) interferometer on Mount Hopkins in Arizona ( since removed ) , and the Paris Observatory ( LESIA ) the astronomers were able to obtain a numerous high - precision measurements .
These made it possible to reconstruct an image of the star surface thanks to two algorithms and computer programs .
Two different algorithms gave the same image .
One was created by Eric Thiebaut from the Astronomical Research Center of Lyon ( CRAL ) and the other was developed by Laurent Mugnier and Serge Meimon from ONERA .
The final image reveals the star surface with unprecedented , never - before - seen details .
Two bright spots clearly show up next to the center of the star .
The analysis of the brightness of the spots shows a variation of 500 degrees compared to the average temperature of the star ( 3,600 Kelvin ) .
The largest of the two structures has a dimension equivalent
to the quarter of the star diameter ( or one and a half the Earth - Sun distance ) .
This marks a clear difference with the Sun where the convection cells are much finer and reach hardly 1/20th of the solar radius ( a few Earth radii ) .
These characteristics are compatible with the idea of luminous spots produced by convection .
These results constitute a first strong and direct indication of the presence of convection on the surface of a star other than the Sun .
Convection could play an important role in the explanation of the mass - loss phenomenon and in the gigantic plume of gas that is expelled from Betelgeuse .
The latter has been discovered by a team led by Pierre Kervella from Paris Observatory ( read our article about this discovery ) .
Convection cells are potentially at the origin of the hot gas ejections .
The astronomers say this new discovery provides new insights into supergiant stars , opening up a new field of research .
Sources : Abstract : arXiv , Paper : “ Imaging the spotty surface of Betelgeuse in the H band , ” 2009 , A&A , 508 , 923 ″ .
Paris Observatory
We use only the freshest , most premium ingredients when preparing your meal .
We stand behind everything that we make and guarantee it 100 % .
This year was to be my fourth year attending MLA in a row .
I spoke in 2006 , interviewed in 2007 , spoke and interviewed in 2008 , and had hoped to speak and interview this year as well .
When the interviews did not materialize , I made the difficult decision to not attend the convention given the financial realities of being an adjunct faculty member .
I regretted not having the chance to speak–especially on a panel titled “ Today ’s Teachers , Today ’s Students : Economics ” – but the panel chair volunteered to deliver my paper in absentia .
So as my panel is happening in Philadelphia , I decided to simultaneously publish my comments that are being read at this moment .
The Absent Presence : Today ’s Faculty
I ’m sorry that I ca n’t be delivering these comments in person , and I thank Prof .
Cavanagh for her willingness to read them on my behalf .
Hearing talks delivered by the person who did not write them is only slightly better than having to be the person who is reading a talk she did n’t write , so I ’ll be brief .
At the same time , however , I can think of no more appropriate way for me to give a talk in a panel titled “ Today ’s Students , Today ’s Teachers : Economics ” than in this manner .
After all , I ’m not a tenure - track faculty member , and the truth of the matter is that I simply cannot afford to come to this year ’s MLA .
I know that we as a profession are increasingly aware of the less than ideal conditions under which contingent faculty members ( and graduate students ) labor while providing more than half of the instruction that undergraduates receive across the nation , a fact that The Chronicle of Higher Education ( see articles from December 2008 and May 2009 , as just two such examples ) and other publications have reported on throughout the last twelve months .
If we are talking about “ today ’s teachers , ” then more of them look like me — at least in a professional sense — than look like the people who will be on the dais at the Presidential Address later on this evening .
And that means that most of the students in America are also taught by people that are like me .
In a very real sense , I — and the people situated in a similar professional and economic quandary — are today ’s teachers of today ’s students .
And for the most part , we ’re not at the MLA this year .
Again , I ’m not at the MLA this year because it ’s not economically feasible .
I had hoped to be here for job interviews — as well as to speak as a member of this panel discussion .
This was my third year on the job market , and I applied to every job in North America that I was even remotely qualified for : all 41 of them .
Unfortunately , I did not receive any interviews , despite having added two articles accepted by peer - reviewed journals , five new classes , and several new awards and honors to my vita .
According to my records , applying to those 41 jobs cost me $ 257.54 .
I was prepared to pay the additional expenses of attending the MLA ( $ 125 for registration , $ 279.20 for a plane ticket , approximately $ 180.00 for lodging with a roommate at a total of $ 584.20 ) out of pocket so that I could have a chance of getting one of those 41 jobs . [ 1 ]
I was even luckier than most faculty ( remember , most of today ’s faculty are contingent ) in that my institution was willing to provide me with $ 200 support to attend conferences throughout the academic year .
But once it became apparent that I was n’t going to be having any interviews , I could no longer justify the outlay of $ 400.00 out of a salary that puts me only $ 1,210 above the 2009 Federal Poverty Guidelines . [ 2 ]
( And yes , that means I do qualify for food stamps while working a full - time job as a professor ! )
I can’t imagine that I ’m alone in this dilemma of not attending this year ’s convention due to finances and the anemic job market .
After all , as The New York Times reported on 17 December , the number of listings in the MLA ’s Job Information List was down 37 % from 2008 ’s numbers , the sharpest decline since MLA started tracking job ads in 1974 .
It ’s not like 2008 was a banner year , however .
The listings a year ago were down 26 % from what they had been in 2007 .
Landing a job in the professoriate has been difficult for well more than this decade , but the recent economic crisis has necessitated ( or allowed , if we ’re feeling cynical ) administrators trimming budgets so that less and less tenure - track faculty are hired .
What this means is that more and more contingent faculty are employed to teach the increasing number of students who are matriculating at the nation ’s universities .
So…perhaps it ’s not that employment is going down for humanists with the PhD .
Rather , it is sustainable employment that is evaporating .
( I ’m looking at you , California . )
After all , the demand for contingent faculty labor will probably rise sharply as the number of students enrolling in colleges rises due to the nation ’s recent economic crisis .
And since we ca n’t expect other schools to be as generous as mine with travel funds to contingent faculty , there should be less and less faculty members at the MLA in the future because less and less of the nation ’s faculty will be able to afford to get here .
“ But ” — the administrators say — “ the MLA is only a conference , one where people read papers at each other .
What difference does it make whether you attend or not ? ”
Such questions are of course misleading since it ’s not as if my department is willing to give me more money to travel to other conferences instead of the MLA .
So the problem of not being able to afford to attend the MLA is really the problem of attending any conference , other than a hyper - local one .
And attending conferences is critical for one ’s scholarship since it allows one to hear the latest research in one ’s field .
I especially appreciate how large the MLA is since I can find opportunities to attend panels that represent the full 150 years of American literature that my research covers .
Attending this conference ( or others ) keeps me abreast of the latest scholarship and helps me produce scholarship that pushes the state of my fields forward .
As one of today ’s teachers , attending conferences helps me be more prepared to teach today ’s students these new developments , preparing them to be more effective readers of literature , whether they are English or biostatistics majors .
Moreover , it is at conferences that I am most likely to have the opportunity to meet with old and new colleagues whose work intersects most closely with my own .
Schools only need so many Shakespeare scholars ; not so the MLA !
Yet attending conferences is n’t just about seeing old friends ; the relationships formed with colleagues at conferences again help us produce scholarship .
For just one example , the panel that I spoke on last year has resulted in a book - length collaboration among the four panelists , none of whom had met previously .
When the majority of faculty ( who are , again , contingent faculty ) cannot attend the MLA ( or any other conference ) , it results in a faculty that cannot advance , that does not , in other words , appear to be doing the things that would warrant their conversion to the tenure track .
Our placement as contingent faculty quickly becomes a self - fulfilling event .
But having a faculty majority comprised of contingent faculty means a lot more than just conferences being less and less attended .
In my case , it means that my students cannot easily meet with me for office hours since contingent faculty do n’t really have offices .
It means that they do not get effective , personal mentoring because I have too many students .
It means that I cannot give the small and frequent assignments that I believe teach them more than a “ 3 - paper class ” because I do not have time to grade 90 students ’ small and frequent assignments .
It means that the courses they can take from me will not be updated as frequently as I think is ideal because I will be spending all of my spare time looking for more secure employment — or working a part - time job .
In other words , when we short - change ( pun-intended ) today ’s teachers ( the majority of us who are , finally and for the last time , contingent and not present at this year ’s MLA ) , we simultaneously short - change today ’s students .
And those students will be that much less likely to become literature professors in the future .
Why should they ?
It ’s not currently a sustainable profession ; but even more so , they will have had that many less chances to have those interactions with teachers that leads to today ’s students wanting to become tomorrow ’s teachers .
[ 1 ]
The profession as a whole needs to find a better method for interviewing candidates .
One that does not burden those who are already at the bottom of the ladder with additional expenses . [ 2 ]
Fun facts :
In 2007 , I applied to XX jobs at a cost of $ 270.07 .
In 2008 , I applied to XX jobs at a cost of $ 313.19 .
Both of these figures do not include the costs of attending MLA .
In three years on the job market ( 2007 , 2008 , and 2009 ) , I have received 3 MLA interviews and 0 campus interviews .
ISLAMABAD : Pakistan ’s president Asif Ali Zardari on Sunday pledged to fight back following the annulment of a graft amnesty by the supreme court .
The beleaguered president vowed “ to fight back ” while chairing a meeting of the PPP ’s central executive committee to review the fallout of the apex court ’s decision to strike down the National Reconciliation Ordinance .
“ They would only lift my dead body from the presidency , ” he told party leaders during the meeting , while referring to his opponents .
The PPP “ reposed full confidence ” in Zardari ’s leadership and “ vowed to rally around him ” , a presidential spokesman said .
The party also decided that federal ministers facing graft charges following the scrapping of the NRO by the apex court on Wednesday would defend themselves in court instead of resigning .
Zardari said the PPP “ will not be blackmailed into asking its ministers to resign merely on the basis of accusations against them ” .
COPENHAGEN ( Reuters ) - U.N. climate talks have neglected a food crisis , including measures which can both curb climate change and boost food production , the head of the U.N. ’s food agency said .
A man sows Swiss chard in an urban garden in Havana August 11 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stringer
“ We would like to see greater conscience of the importance ( of agriculture ) , ” Jacques Diouf , director - general of the Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) , told Reuters in an interview this week at the Copenhagen climate talks .
“ Historically the discussion centered on the industrial aspects of climate change , be it in terms of factories , transport , but less on the primary sector of agriculture . ”
The December 7 - 18 meeting of 192 countries in the Danish capital is meant to agree the outlines of a successor to the Kyoto Protocol , for a full climate treaty to be signed next year .
Certain farm practices , especially in low - income countries , can heal degraded lands and therefore boost food yields in the longer term , the FAO says .
Practices such as cutting stocking rates and applying organic materials to the land can also sequester the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide in the soil equivalent to as much as 10 percent of global emissions , and so help slow warming .
Farming is also a major emitter as it helps drive deforestation .
When that indirect effect is included , farming accounts for nearly a third of global greenhouse gases .
“ Roughly around 31 percent of emissions come from agriculture ... hence the impact of good policies to lessen the negative impact and good policies to increase the capacity for carbon sequestration , ” Diouf said .
“ FOOD IS CULTURE ”
Some farm measures which boost soil carbon -- called conservation agriculture -- such as “ catch crops ” which cover bare soil can also retain water and so help farmers prepare for global warming , scientists say .
So far , negotiators in Copenhagen have proposed a “ work program ” of further research into farm methods which cut emissions , and are expected to announce the outlines of a deal to compensate countries which slow deforestation .
They are also expected to fund steps which help developing countries prepare for climate change , and many poorer countries have included agriculture in those plans .
“ I ’d like to see that we have a financial mechanism to encourage countries which have forests not to do deforestation .
I would like also to see conservation agriculture is given the necessary incentives , ” Diouf said , when asked what he wanted from the Copenhagen talks .
The present Kyoto Protocol forces rich countries which have ratified the pact to limit their greenhouse gases but allows them entirely to omit emissions from farming .
In addition , lucrative measures under Kyoto which allow rich countries to pay for carbon cuts in developing nations do not apply to agriculture or preserving forests , except in the case where pig farms trap the potent greenhouse gas methane to earn carbon offsets , or if farmers plant trees .
Some scientists say that greenhouse gas emissions from raising cattle have been severely underestimated -- and may account for as much as half of the global total -- prompting many scientists to recommend that people eat less meat .
Diouf would not go so far as to suggest hard targets for consumers such as “ meat - free days . ”
“ We have to educate people , ensure that there are better ways of producing meat .
Food is an element of culture , of civilization , you do n’t just change it overnight . ”
This year 's release of Firefox 3.5 gave us a lot of reasons to like it , but its extensibility remains everyone 's favorite feature .
These add - ons and theme tools were the most popular in the year gone by .
Advertisement
This list is culled from a straight listing of the most popular posts that offered a Firefox extension for download in 2009 .
We 're not including posts about configuring Firefox , or even our own hand - rolled Firefox add - on packs — even if they were pretty popular , too .
Let 's get to the good stuff .
Advertisement
Lifehacker 's Firefox Add - On Packs
It used to be a pain to hunt down your favorite extensions every time you reinstall Firefox .…
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
One of the greatest things about Firefox is that its development happens way out wide in the open .
When the design workers start coming up with preliminary sketches of a new release , anyone can peek at them and even compile them into a theme , which does just what the headline suggests .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Windows Vista and 7 feature some fairly nice looking transparency effects , but if your primary browser does n't use them , it can feel a bit disconnected .
All - Glass Firefox v2 tweaks your browser to look just , well , proper in its fancy - pants surroundings .
Advertisement
You can speed up Firefox by cleaning up its fragmented database , and the Vacuum Places Improved 0.3 extension automates that admittedly pain - in - the - butt process .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Google Redesigned , a multi-site suite that trades Google 's blue / white / minimal look for a darker , sleeker feel , kept improving its transformative powers this year , adding a host of improvements in its 3.0 release , and later releasing a new version with GReader Redesigned for the RSS hounds .
Advertisement
Advertisement
" I 'm having SUCH a bad day — the cleaning lady TOTALLY left her Pine Sol smell all over my bed linens ! "
That , my friends , is why clever JavaScript tweakers created the Dislike extension .
Advertisement
Many of the pictures and illustrations you find across the web are n't in their original form — and many can be had at better , perhaps more wallpaper - worthy sizes .
The TinEye extension makes it a simple right - click maneuver to search out similar copies of any image you come across .
Sometimes , great stuff has to be hosted on public download services , because the file — or the attention it 's getting — is just too much for our meek little personal sites .
And the download sites often make it as painful as possible to grab those files .
SkipScreen acts as an automated intermediary , jumping through the necessary hoops and entering the key presses required .
Advertisement
Advertisement
This neat little extension , winner of the Extend Firefox 3.5 contest , utilizes lots of Firefox 's built - in features , like geo-location and the extension framework , to offer wary laptop users a way to nuke their personal data , passwords , and history if necessary , track where their machine is logging on after a theft , and cull all kinds of data from the thief .
FireFound is , in other words , a smart thing to install if your laptop ever leaves the home .
Advertisement
A lot of helpful stuff is tucked away in Firefox 's about : config menus .
Gui :config brings them into focus and offers a graphical way to manage them .
As the How - To Geek puts it , it 's amazing that this is n't something being considered for mainstream distribution in the browser .
Advertisement
( Windows only ) : Firefox is decently light with memory on startup , but extensions and plug - ins drag it down as you actually use it .
Memory
Fox monitors Firefox 's memory use and , once it reaches your pre-set limit , whips it back into shape .
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Windows only ) :
Well , the headline and picture kind of say it all about Daum Blue , but it 's worth noting that beyond looks , it 's also fairly customizable , and looks even better on Vista and Windows 7 systems .
Sure , kind of anathema for this site 's stated mission , but giving your mind a break at work has real mental benefits , even if your boss does n't think so .
Advertisement
If you 're likely to do more at a web site than just simply bookmark it , UrlbarExt is like a Leatherman for your AwesomeBar .
Head to a site 's root , search the site on Google , and do much more from a small array of address bar buttons .
Advertisement
Another headline that pretty much says it all .
We were n't a big fan of Xmarks ' new " discovery " features , but its growing reach into Chrome and other browsers make the former Foxmarks ' expansion a good thing .
Advertisement
Given the recent legal crackdown on BitTorrent - centered sites , magnet links ( explained here ) are increasingly popular .
Magnetiser makes it easy to track down a working torrent link to grab the file you 're looking for .
Advertisement
Advertisement
It must be mentioned that , beyond smooshing together Gmail , Google Calendar , and Google Reader into one neatly - arranged Gmail page , Integrated Gmail also customizes every niggling detail of those combined apps , making it worth the try - out , even if you think you like your Google spaces separated into different tabs .
Advertisement
Omnibar is one of the clever ways Firefox can make itself into a Google Chrome clone , and we love that kind of openness ' round here .
Advertisement
If you 're always looking at online purchases and wondering if you could save more before pulling the trigger , Invisible Hand affirms your hunches for you , dropping down and showing lower prices wherever it can find them .
Advertisement
Mozilla 's future - facing automation and shortcut engine , Ubiquity , continued to get awesome -r in 2009 .
Advertisement
We dug the idea of permanent , favicon - only tabs when a helpful reader explained it to us , but the App Tabs extension took a multi-step process and made it far more simple .
Advertisement
Not seeing your favorite add - on released in 2009 here , or covered anywhere at Lifehacker ?
Ca n't believe your favorite app does n't get more attention ?
Let 's hear all about it in the comments .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Gold futures rose Wednesday to close at a fresh high for the 19th session since the beginning of November , briefly topping $ 1,217 an ounce as demand for the metal as a hedge against a weaker currency remained strong with the dollar staying around 15 - month lows .
December gold rose as high as $ 1,217.30 an ounce in overnight electronic trading , surpassing the record set in the previous session .
It ended up $ 12.90 , or 1.1 % , at $ 1,212 an ounce on the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Gold futures have soared 37 % this year , and have made gains in 17 out of the past 20 weeks .
They advanced in all but two trading sessions in November .
The rally came as speculative buying positions on the Comex futures exchange stayed at record highs , and holdings for gold exchange - traded funds hit another record .
Schapiro Thorn Inc. is a full - service family law practice covering all areas of family law .
We have particular expertise in complex cases with high - value assets and income .
Cases involving international family law issues such as interstate or international child custody disputes , foreign assets , and international jurisdiction matters are specialty areas .
Family law cases are about the future .
You want to protect your assets and lay a strong financial foundation .
You want to protect your relationship with your child and ensure that he or she gets the necessary financial support .
You want to make good decisions now to set the stage for happiness and well - being for many years to come .
This is no easy task .
There are so many variables , so many complexities , so many emotions to deal with .
If you attempt to navigate this maze alone , or with someone who lacks the experience to provide proper guidance , you may become lost .
You need an attorney who can take you through every turn skillfully ,
For the past 50 years , Schapiro Thorn Inc. has been recognized as one of San Francisco ’s premier full - service family law firms .
In representing you , Schapiro Thorn will focus on your future and the protection of your rights .
We want to help you achieve a better life for you and your family
The discoveries suggest that we may be close to finding habitable planets
Planet - hunters have discovered two " super - Earths " orbiting two nearby Sun - like stars .
These rocky planets are larger than the Earth but much smaller than ice giants such as Uranus and Neptune .
Scientists say the discoveries are a step towards finding potentially habitable planets - smaller planets that are comparable to the Earth .
Details of the new planets are described in two papers in the Astrophysical Journal .
Two US - based scientists led the international research effort - Paul Butler from the Carnegie Institution 's Department of Terrestrial Magnetism in Washington and Steven Vogt of the University of California , Santa Cruz .
They combined several years ' worth of data from the W M Keck Observatory in Hawaii , and the Anglo - Australian Telescope in New South Wales , Australia .
The discovery of potentially habitable nearby worlds may be just a few years away
Steven Vogt
University of California , Santa Cruz
By detecting the subtle " wobbling " of the stars , caused by the gravitational tug of orbiting planets , the researchers were able to determine each planet 's size and orbit .
The scientists saw evidence of three of these " low - mass planets " orbiting a star called 61 Virginis , which is just 28 light - years from Earth and is visible with the naked eye in the constellation of Virgo .
The smallest of the three was five times the mass of Earth , and orbited the star once every four days .
Dr Butler said that the signal produced by this planet was one of the smallest ever detected .
" One has to be very cautious when you claim a discovery , " he said .
" What gives us confidence is that we see the signal from two separate telescopes , and the two signals match up perfectly . "
The other newly - discovered system was orbiting the star HD 1461 , which is 76 light - years from Earth .
The researchers found clear evidence for a planet 7.5 times the mass of Earth , and possible indications of two others .
Both stars resemble our Sun in size and age .
The planets have orbits too close to their stars to support life or liquid water .
But , according to Dr Butler , they point the way toward finding other planets in similar orbits around nearby " M - dwarfs " - stars that are typically less than half the mass of the Sun .
" These sorts of planets around M - dwarfs actually would be in a liquid water zone , " he said .
" So we are knocking on the door right now of being able to find habitable planets . "
Professor
Vogt said : " These detections indicate that low - mass planets are quite common around nearby stars .
" The discovery of potentially habitable nearby worlds may be just a few years away . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Most major religions , going back thousands of years , tell stories about the End of the World .
And post - apocalyptic fiction is perennially popular .
So why , in the last twenty years , has the apocalypse ceased to matter ?
Advertisement
I recently finished a thesis project on post - apocalyptic genre fiction , and in my research I made a list of 423 books , poems , and short stories about the apocalypse , published between 1826 - 2007 , and charted them by the way their earth met its demise ( humans , nature , god , etc. ) to see the trends over time .
It 's not the idea of Ending itself that has faded – that will be around until we are actually mopped off the face of the Earth .
It 's the actual moment of disaster , the blood and guts and fire , that has been losing ground in stories of the End .
Post - apocalyptic fiction is a 200 - year - old trend , and for 170 of those years , the ways writers imagined the end were pretty transparently a reflection of whatever was going on around them – nuclear war , environmental concerns , etc .
In the mid-1990s , though , everything just turned into a big muddle .
Suddenly , we'd get a post - apocalyptic world whose demise was never explained .
It was just a big question mark .
Advertisement
That was the idea behind this chart – I wanted to see if there were patterns in how writers saw the monster .
As it turned out , the patterns were clearer than I imagined .
Nuclear holocaust was really popular after 1945 ; that 's to be expected .
But the precipitous and permanent drop in nuclear war 's popularity after the dissolution of the U.S.S.R. in 1991 ( see chart ) ?
That surprised me .
Predictably , the human - made apocalypse is a perennial favorite .
The way we go about it , though , is always changing , as you can see on the chart , where I 've broken up the " human made disaster " into subcategories .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The post - apocalyptic technological utopias of the turn of the century are replaced by dystopias and robot rebellions after World War I ( the first expansion of the green region devoted to human - made disaster ) , when everyone began to suspect that technology was only going to help us go about killing each other more efficiently , not cure us of the need to kill in the first place .
Other trends are there , too : anxiety about pollution and global warming tend to spike whenever nuclear fears fade , for example .
The easily spotted trends make the patterns ' total collapse in the mid-1990s even weirder .
Human - created apocalypses shrink dramatically , and there 's a sudden spike of unexplained apocalypse scenarios at the turn of the century .
What happened ?
One possibility is that every End started to feel clichéd .
The terror of a possible nuclear war faded , and no new extravagant ways to kill ourselves appeared to replace it .
Advertisement
That 's an overly simplistic way of looking at it , though .
It 's not that the moment of destruction is boring ; it 's that it does n't even matter anymore .
There are an increasing number of books and films , like The Road and Zombieland , which pick up after the catastrophe and sometimes do n't bother to explain what happened at all .
Disaster porn is no longer the point of the apocalypse .
It does n't matter how the world ends , just that it does .
Making it to the End does n't mean the story 's finished ; much of the time , it 's only just gotten started .
Stories of the End have never been about ending – they 're about the beginning that comes after .
Advertisement
Preceding victory with annihilation disguises how dizzily optimistic some of these narratives are .
Stories about the End are so beautifully paradoxical ; they are some of the most powerful affirmation stories we have .
They can hardly be classified as optimistic , but no matter what happens , even if the End came by human hands , in most stories we are fixable .
For the most part , we have faith that though we may screw up , and very badly , we will learn from our mistakes and the world will be better for it .
When the survivors wander around , they 're looking at a burned - out shell of a world , but it 's still a clean slate .
A clean slate full of radiation and cannibals , maybe , but still .
I think everyone 's had that feeling of wanting to just heave everything out the window and start over .
That 's what is at the heart of apocalypse stories : the opportunity to rebuild the world in a radically different way .
Advertisement
During the pilgrimage through the wasteland , the survivors – and the readers – are left feeling ostracized from reality .
The characters are probably more concerned with where their next meal is coming from , but the reader sees how they are cut loose from the anchors that previously protected us from being overwhelmed by the meaninglessness of existence .
The only way to fix it is to find new ways of looking , new patterns to create meaning in the new world .
Destroying the world in books about apocalypse is one way we can entirely take ownership of it .
We can only see the world the way we have been raised to , the way our parents saw it , so we need to raze the old world and build a new one in its place in order to have a world that is really and entirely our own .
The story of the End , after all , is not nearly as compelling as the story of the Beginning that comes after it .
Advertisement
This is hardly the final word ; more a collection of observations and theories .
I wo n't claim any more than that , because if there 's one thing I learned while researching apocalypses , it 's just how much humans like to see patterns in things – and that when patterns start getting too neat , you 've done something wrong .
There are still some things about the chart I do n't understand – the three points where the natural apocalypse overtakes the human apocalypse , for example – and it does n't take into account the effect that movies or television had on books .
As will any discussion of a large genre , there are some necessary overgeneralizations .
But it 's a starting point – have at it .
Chanda Phelan just graduated from Pomona College , where she completed a thesis on post - apocalyptic literature .
You can read her blog at phnuggle.wordpress.com .
Advertisement
Chart by Stephanie Fox !
The Problem
In recent posts we saw the phased - barrier pattern , wherein simulation entities perform various optional activities until the phase moves on .
For example , our graph nodes were willing to send out their position to anyone that attempted to read it , until the phase ended .
In a different simulation , space cells might be willing to send out information to anyone that attempted to read it and / or to accept a single new agent into the space and / or to send an agent away , until the phase ends .
Programming these sorts of behaviours can become difficult .
Let ’s begin with coding up a single optional move action before the frame ends ( commonly called a tick ) :
myproc1 = alt [ tick , move >> tick ]
This begins by offering move or tick ; if tick happens we ’re done , but if move happens then we wait for tick .
Then we can add on repeatedly offering to send out our status :
myproc2 = alt [ sendStatus >> myproc , tick , move >> myprocMoved ] where myprocMoved = alt [ sendStatus >> myprocMoved , tick ]
We need two processes now to represent our two states ( the optional move has or has not happened ) .
By the time we change to an optional moveIn and optional moveOut , this approach has become unmanageable :
myproc3 = alt [ sendStatus >> myproc , tick , moveIn >> myprocMovedIn , moveOut >> myprocMovedOut ] where myprocMovedIn = alt [ sendStatus >> myprocMovedIn , tick , moveOut >> myprocMovedInOut ] myprocMovedOut = alt [ sendStatus >> myprocMovedOut , tick , moveIn >> myprocMovedInOut ] myprocMovedInOut = alt [ sendStatus >> myprocMovedInOut , tick ]
There is probably a half - way nice solution involving zippers , but I decided to clean up this mess with a set of process combinators that I have called behaviours .
Here is how I express those three pieces of code with behaviours :
myproc1 = offer ( once move `alongside` end When tick ) myproc2 = offer ( repeatedly sendStatus `alongside` once move `alongside` end When tick ) myproc3 = offer ( repeatedly sendStatus `alongside` once moveIn `alongside` once moveOut `alongside` end When tick )
Rather than the combinatorial explosion of states , we now have a nice readable description of the process behaviours that scales up nicely .
Behaviour Combinators
In this section we ’ll explore the full - set of combinators , with their types :
offer :: CHPBehaviour a -> CHP a alongside :: CHPBehaviour a -> CHPBehaviour b -> CHPBehaviour ( a , b ) alongside_ :: CHPBehaviour a -> CHPBehaviour b -> CHPBehaviour ()
The offer function executes the given description of behaviours .
The alongside_ operator , which is commutative and associative , joins together two behaviours .
Terminal Behaviours
The behaviours can be constructed with two fundamentally different types of behaviour .
The first is a terminal behaviour , i.e. one that ends the current set of behaviours .
The endWhen combinator returns from the outer call to offer when it happens :
endWhen :: CHP a -> CHPBehaviour a
Multiple endWhen behaviours are allowed in one offer , but only one will ever happen ( because the call to offer will return before a second could happen ) .
This gives rise to the law ( ignoring return types ) :
end When p `alongside` endWhen q == end When ( p <-> q )
( This , in combination with the commutativity and associativity of alongside , means that all behaviours with multiple endWhen calls can be reduced to a behaviour with a single end When call . )
Repeated Behaviours
The second class of behaviour is the one that offers an event 0 or more times .
The once combinator has an upper - limit of one occurrence , which is really a special case of upTo which takes a specified upper bound , and there is also repeatedly which has no upper bound ( and offers the event endlessly until an end When event happens to end the offer ) :
once :: CHP a -> CHPBehaviour ( Maybe a ) upTo :: Int -> CHP a -> CHPBehaviour [ a ] repeatedly :: CHP a -> CHPBehaviour [ a ]
Repeatedly has a similar law to endWhen :
repeatedly p `alongside` repeatedly q == repeatedly ( p <-> q )
( Which again means that any behaviour with multiple repeatedly calls can be reduced to a behaviour with a single repeatedly call . )
All of these combinators assume that you do not need to preserve any state between occurrences of the event .
However , particularly for repeatedly , you may need to pass state around , so there is an extra repeatedly Recurse function :
repeatedlyRecurse :: ( a -> CHP ( b , a ) ) -> a -> CHPBehaviour [ b ]
Here , a is the type of the state , and b is the type of the results .
The arguments to this function are arranged in an order that allows you to write :
repeatedlyRecurse ( runStateT myStateAction ) initialState
Which is useful to run a behaviour in the StateT s CHP monad .
This behaviours feature was added to CHP recently , and will crop up in several future posts .
I ’m beginning to develop several of these higher levels of abstraction on top of CHP , and I ’m interested to see where it can take me .
The key thing that enables the process combinators seen here and in the recent post on connecting processes , besides the powerful type system , is the ability to pass processes as arguments to the combinators ; both processes that are ready to run ( i.e. of type CHP a ) and processes that still require some arguments ( e.g. of the form a -> b -> CHP c ) .
In Haskell this is as easy as passing around functions is , but in other languages it is either horribly clunky ( e.g. C++ ) or impossible ( e.g. occam ) .
Theory — Grammars
I realised when developing this system of behaviours that my combinators looked a little familiar .
Users of Parsec may recognise the concepts behind repeatedly and once as being similar to many1 and optional .
My library is not a parser , but this similarity suggests that what I am really doing with these combinators is expressing a form of grammar : a grammar on the CSP trace of the program ( the list of events that the program performed ) .
My grammars are a little different to standard grammars in that order barely matters : the only ordering that really matters is that the endWhen events must come last .
This is in contrast to most other grammars where order is all - important ( e.g. function name then double colon then type ) .
This means that not many grammar systems are suited to expressing my desired grammar , e.g. upTo 10 a `alongside` repeatedly b `alongside` end When c describes any sequence that ends in a c , and has as many b s as you like , with at most ten a s , which can occur anywhere in that sequence before the c .
If you look at the clunky definitions at the beginning of this post ( that did not use behaviours ) you can see that this is really a Context - Free Grammar ( CFG ) version of my required behaviour .
Clearly , though , a CFG is not the ideal way to express myself , as it becomes combinatorially larger as you add more options ( in contrast to my behaviours , where it just involved adding one item on the end ) .
So I wondered if there was any grammar system that more closely corresponded to my behaviour combinators .
One promising answer to that question seems to be two - level grammars : intuitively , a grammar that generates a grammar ( think meta - programming , where you use a program to generate a program ) .
Google does not provide much accessible information on the subject , and the wikipedia page is not too helpful .
Thankfully , my university library holds a copy of “ Grammars for Programming Languages ” by Cleaveland and Uzgalis ( 1977 , Elsevier ) , which turns out to be a very nice little book on the matter .
Based only on a few hours reading the middle of the book , I have had a crack at representing my behaviours with a two - level grammar :
Metaproductions
END :: tick .
REPEATABLE :: sendStatus .
OPTIONAL :: moveIn ; moveOut .
EVENT :: END ; OPTIONAL ; REPEATABLE .
EMPTY :: .
SEQ :: EVENT ; SEQ EVENT .
Hyper-rules
g : g’ , END .
g’: EMPTY ; SEQ check .
OPTIONAL SEQ check : OPTIONAL symbol , SEQ check , OPTIONAL notin SEQ .
REPEATABLE SEQ check : REPEATABLE symbol , SEQ check .
EVENT check : EVENT symbol .
This may seem long , but the idea is that you only need to change the top three lines of the meta - productions to suit your program ; the rest of it is like a set of helper functions ( including notin , which is defined in the book , but I ’ve omitted the definition here ) .
Adding the upTo combinator should not be too much harder .
If anyone reading this is familiar with two - level grammars , I ’d appreciate knowing if what I have written above is actually correct !
Alternatively , if you know of more suitable ways to express the grammar , please let me know — for example , would attribute grammars be suitable ?
GELATINOUS GLOW
Comb jellies , technically known as ctenophores , are a phylum of seafaring organism characterized by their use of small hairs , or cilia , for aquatic locomotion .
Almost all of these blobby beings also bioluminesce , and they provide yet another example of defensive lighting with so - called " sacrificial tags " ...
MARSH YOUNGBLUTH / NOAA
By · Updated : · Some links below are ads .
Here 's how we make money
This post is brought to you by Experian .
While this was a sponsored opportunity , all content and opinions expressed here are my own .
Have you ever wondered exactly what it takes to build a good credit score ?
Maybe you ’ve made some credit mistakes in your past and you ’re wondering how to fix them .
Or perhaps you ’ve wondered if your credit score even really matters .
No matter what questions you have about credit , you ’re sure to find the answers in this guide brought to you by Experian .
Your credit score is a 3 - digit number that helps reflect your creditworthiness .
FICO ® and VantageScore® are the two most popular credit scoring models .
They both base your score on the credit report data provided by the three major credit bureaus–Transunion , Equifax , and Experian .
You can improve your credit score by paying attention to the factors that make up your credit score : payment history , amounts owed , length of credit history , types of credit , and new credit inquiries .
In this guide , we ’ll give you credit - building tips , discuss how to fix credit errors , and talk about ways to protect yourself from identity theft .
But first , let ’s discuss why your credit score even matters in the first place .
Table of Contents
Why Your Credit Matters
There are people in your life who have a bias against you and your poor credit .
The mistakes that you have made with debt will put blemishes on your credit report and lower your credit score .
But those mistakes also let people in your life hold your bad credit over your head in some way .
A bad credit score or report can reach much farther than simply costing you a higher interest rate on a new loan .
It can cost you the apartment you live in or even your job .
It does not have to be that way .
You can recover .
While it may take awhile to raise your credit score and improve your report , you can begin to quickly ease the damage you have done with a few simple ideas .
Below are the five entities that can access your credit score or report ( and potentially use that against you ) , and what you can do right now to help set the record straight and mend some bridges .
Car Insurance Companies Can Use Your Credit Score Against You
Many people are not aware that car insurance companies use your credit score in their formulas when they determine your auto insurance premium .
There are a host of factors that go into the car insurance company ’s proprietary calculations , and your credit score is one of them .
Car insurance actuaries have found that folks with a lower credit score are more likely to file claims .
That ’s why a poor credit score will cost you a higher car insurance premium .
Potential Fix : Shop around for your next car insurance quote .
Far too many people simply continue using the same car insurance company they have used for years without discovering if a better rate is out there .
Your Future Landlord Will Ping Your Credit Score
One of the first pieces of information on rental applications for an apartment or a house is your Social Security number .
Oftentimes , a rental application for a new apartment is immediately followed by another form that allows the landlord access to your credit report and credit score .
For this reason , if you ’re planning to rent soon , you may want to check your credit score for free with Experian .
Potential Fix :
One thing that you can do to help alleviate your future landlord ’s concern about your low credit score may be to offer to pay a higher security deposit .
While we all hate the idea of volunteering to pay more , this may be the icing on the cake you need to sway the landlord to rent to you .
Some Employers Look at Your Credit Report
Many employers request your permission to look at your credit report before they hire you .
This can especially be true for government employees .
For example , members of the military have their credit report examined before they are granted any type of security clearance .
Potential Fix :
As in all cases , you should be honest and upfront with your employer , or future employer , about your troubles with debt or issues that you have had in the past .
If you bring it up first , before your employer pulls your credit report , you can ease some of the tension .
Are You Being Truthful with Your Spouse or Significant Other ?
When I was dating my wife , I found out the hard way just how dangerous hiding debt and financial problems can be to your relationship with your spouse or significant other .
I was ashamed about the amount of credit card debt I had accumulated during college .
I did n’t want to share the information with her , and it hurt our relationship in the beginning .
It actually took her years before she stopped worrying about creditors calling the house , bouncing checks , and the like because of the poor initial interactions we had together about my credit .
Potential Fixes :
Be upfront with your significant other about your spending and finances .
Bad news never gets better with age , so do n’t wait too long before you spill the beans about your financial past and mistakes .
Then show your loved one that you have a plan to stop racking up debt or to fix issues in your credit report .
You will one day want to buy a house , and you will want to be able to title it jointly or not have to worry about depending solely on your spouse ’s credit score to help you earn a lower interest rate .
Even Utility and Cell Phone Companies Use Customers ’ Credit Scores
Like your landlord , most utility companies , cable companies , cell phone providers , and even oil delivery companies will pull your credit report and your credit score before they let you sign a contract with them .
As with most purchases , having a lower credit score will cost you either in higher fees and / or interest rates .
Potential Fix : Utility and cell phone companies are another great example of companies where you may be able to ask for a larger than normal security deposit to ease their concerns .
You may also be able to ask for a probationary period of time that you can use to not only build your credibility with the vendor but also help to rebuild your credit score .
What is a Good Credit Score ?
I was talking with a friend the other day and they mentioned that they thought they had a really good credit score .
What number pops into your head when you hear that ?
750 ? 825 ?
I really did n’t have a specific number .
I guess something in the high 700s was what I thought of .
But is that “ really good ” ?
A credit score is a numerical representation of what ’s in your credit report .
The FICO ® credit score is the most widely accepted credit scoring model .
In the United States , FICO scores range from 300 - 850 , with 723 being the median FICO score of Americans .
With that , I think you could assume that above 723 would be a good score and above 780 would be really good .
If you ’re over 800 , you should n’t have to worry about your score .
In fact , most lenders view a FICO score of 700 or above as “ good ” .
There is no consensus on what defines “ really good ” when it comes to credit scoring .
Get Started Building Your Credit
Shortly after college was the first time I think I ever thought about my score .
I headed out to buy a new car and was told I did n’t have great credit .
I did n’t know really what that meant or how it could be changed , but I did see that my interest rate was ridiculously high .
Fast forward several years later and I ’ve now improved my score .
I ’ve also now learned quite a bit about what makes up a score and how to raise my credit score .
Armed with that knowledge and with a little help from the National Foundation for Credit Counseling ( NFCC ) , I ’m prepared to give anyone new to this some information about building credit right out of the gate .
1. Carefully Apply for Credit
Applying for too much credit can actually harm your credit score .
It ’s tempting when you get your first job to run out and put a bunch of things on credit .
After all , you have this new income to support payments you ’ll need to make .
My best advice is to slow down and do your research to find the best loans to be associated with .
Particularly with credit cards , do some research and find a card that is going to suit your needs .
You do n’t want to be applying for a new card every month because the one you have is n’t working out .
2. Use Credit Wisely
Next , and likely most important , become a responsible borrower .
Always pay on time .
You really ca n’t afford a late payment on your record right now ( or ever ) .
Also , try and pay your balances off each month .
At a minimum , keep your balances below 30 % of your overall available credit .
Lastly , try and develop a diverse set of credit types on your file .
The NFCC recommends at least three different loans in your credit file .
Lenders like to see that you are capable of handling the different types of credit : revolving ( credit cards ) and installment ( personal loan , car loan , mortgage , etc . )
3. Find a Co-Signer or Go Secured
If you are having trouble getting a loan or a credit card initially , consider wearing the credit crutches for a little while .
Getting a co-signer or a secured credit card are two common methods for building credit history when credit is n’t freely available to you .
You could also look into a builder loan from a credit union or from a company like Self Credit Builder Loans ( formerly Self Lender ) .
Look at this as a temporary move to help you get over that first hurdle .
I ’ve seen reports that it takes about a year to move from a secured card to an unsecured one .
Check out our full review of Self Lender here .
Steps to Improve Your Credit Score
A recent Citi survey found that over half of all Americans have admitted that they have paid a bill late at some point in their lifetime .
And , over 80 % of that survey ’s respondents made a late payment within the last 12 months .
If you need to rebuild your credit , you are not alone .
1. Pay Your Bills on Time
Paying your bills on time is the biggest factor that the credit scoring models use when it comes to determining your credit score .
And rightfully so .
Most lenders are most concerned with whether you ’ll pay them back on time .
It ’s important not to miss any payments if you want to have a good credit score .
If you ’ve shown a good track record with this in the past , then you ’ll be trusted in the future .
Also , review your free credit report and ensure you do n’t have payments that were incorrectly reported as late .
A late payment on an account that is n’t yours should n’t be on your report .
Be sure to dispute any errors you find on your credit reports .
Here ’s some more information on how to do that .
If your late payments are legit , then there ’s nothing you can do but try and make good payments going forward and work on the other areas .
2. Keep New Credit Requests to a Minimum
Requesting new credit often can lower your credit score .
Apparently , the lenders see it as a sign that you ’re desperate for cash if you ’re always requesting new credit .
Keep requests to a minimum if you ’re planning on needing your credit score soon .
Also , review your credit report and look for any “ hard ” inquiries that have been made on your file .
If you do n’t recognize an inquiry , check with the creditor listed to see what the inquiry was for .
If you still do n’t recall applying for credit with that creditor and are worried you may be a victim of fraud , contact the credit bureaus .
3. Grow Your Credit History
Easier said than done , right ?
This is obviously the biggest hurdle for most people starting out .
The longer your history with credit , the more comfortable lenders are with relying on that history to determine credit - worthiness .
You can help your credit history by not canceling old credit cards .
Even if you pay off a credit card completely , cut it up and plan to never use it again , but do n’t close the account .
The history and available balance are actually helping your credit score .
Do n’t forget you can get a free credit report on Experian.com if you want to see which accounts are currently being reported .
If you ’re a business owner , you may be wondering how to build business credit .
Nav.com can assist you in that since they provide free personal and business credit score updates .
They also offer thoroughly researched advice on the best financing options for your business .
You can build your business credit score through the various services Nav has to offer .
Learn more about Nav here .
4. Keep Your Credit Balances Low
It ’s recommended that you keep the amount that you borrow at or below 30 % of your available balance .
In simple terms , if you have a $ 1,000 credit limit on your credit card , you need to only ever show a balance of $ 300 .
You can read more about credit utilization here .
This should apply to all your revolving accounts .
Consider using a 0 % balance transfer credit card to move your credit usage around , if necessary .
5. Use Revolving and Installment Debt
The key here is to have a decent mix of both revolving ( credit cards and lines of credit ) and installment ( mortgage , car loans ) type credit .
I was once told I did n’t get the best interest rate on a deal because I did n’t have a mortgage ( limited installment credit history ) .
At the time I was n’t ready to buy a house .
So I just had to take the best they would give me .
However , if you do n’t have a credit card , you may want to consider getting one to help your credit score .
I do n’t recommend you go into debt .
The most beneficial way to use the card would be to use it for a recurring monthly bill ( e.g. your electric bill ) and then immediately pay off the balance .
In closing , I think it ’s good to remember that your credit score is n’t everything .
Do n’t obsess over achieving the perfect credit score .
It ’s not going to kill you to have a 740 versus a 760 .
But it does n’t hurt to be aware of the factors that make up your score .
And with that knowledge , you can slowly start to improve your score over time .
Experian Boost ™
Experian says that some 62 million people have a “ thin credit file . ”
This means that they have very few if any credit accounts listed on their credit report .
If you ’re young and new to credit or you have n’t used credit in a long time , you may have a thin credit file .
To be clear , thin credit is better than bad credit .
But you still may have a hard time being approved for a loan or mortgage .
However , if you ’re living on your own , you ’re probably paying lots of bills every month , like your phone and electric bill .
Why should n’t you get credit for that ?
Experian thinks you should and they ’ve introduced a new product called Experian Boost that ’s intended to do just that .
How Experian Boost ™ Works
Here ’s how Experian Boost™ could increase your FICO ® score instantly , for free .
You simply give Experian access to your banking account history and permission to add your utility and phone bill payments to your credit file .
That ’s it !
Experian says you ’ll see your boost results instantly .
If you have missed utility or phone payments , do n’t worry .
Experian says that they will only add positive payments to your credit file .
In a recent study , Experian found that 90 % of thin file users raised their FICO ® score , with an average max boost of 13 + points .
If your credit score could use a boost check out this free service .
Experian Boost™ Disclosures : Results may vary .
Some may not see improved scores or approval odds .
Not all lenders use Experian credit files , and not all lenders use scores impacted by Experian Boost .
The Surprising Results of My Experian Credit Educator Session
Back when VantageScore® used a scoring model that went up to 900 , I was able to fairly quickly raise my score from 834 to 865 .
Follow along to see how .
I ’m not big on obsessing about one ’s credit score .
You should n’t be either .
But if a few small changes can have a significant impact on your score , then I do n’t see the harm in taking a stab at making those changes .
After all , I do plan on doing some more real estate investing and credit card bonuses in the next couple of years .
Having a solid score means I get the lowest interest rates and qualify for bigger limits .
The problem is that it ’s hard to know exactly what changes you can make that will have the biggest impacts .
Above , I ’ve instructed you to look to the five key factors that make up a credit score to determine what to fix .
That ’s still solid advice , generally speaking .
Recently , however , I discovered a service from Experian that sheds , in my opinion , significantly more light onto what you can do to improve your score .
Experian Credit Educator Session
The service is called Experian Credit Educator .
It ’s been around for a few years , but it was recently improved .
It involves a 35 - minute phone consultation with a representative with Experian .
In this consultation , you review your credit report , VantageScore® , and specific things you can do to potentially improve your score .
You also run through different scenarios to test the impact on your score .
Cool , right ?
The service costs $ 39.95 , but I was able to get a freebie to check it out for a potential review .
The results of the session were surprising and that ’s why I ’m sharing this post with you today .
Below , I share what I learned in the consultation .
The Experian Credit Report
I ’m already familiar with the credit report format and individual components .
You ’ve got your personal information , accounts , credit inquiries , and bad items ( bankruptcy , etc ) .
But it was nice to review it with someone else just to be sure I understood it all .
I did learn that negative items can stay on your report for 7 - 10 years .
And positive items can remain on your report for 10 years after you close the account .
I had one negative item on my report : a 30 - day late payment .
I also had a few credit inquiries .
I learned that these drop off the report after two years .
My score turned out to be 834 .
I was told this was roughly a B on a grading scale , and higher than 72 % of U.S. consumers .
Definitely room for improvement .
Key Factors Affecting My Score
This is where the consult starts to get interesting .
I was shown the exact factors that were affecting my score .
Here ’s what they were :
The amount paid on my open real estate accounts is too low .
The balances on my open accounts are too high in comparison to their credit limits .
The available credit on my open revolving credit accounts is too low .
I have too many inquiries on my credit report .
My mortgages are affecting my score ?
I never would have imagined this .
We put 20 % on both our rental property and our home mortgages .
Why is the amount paid too low ?
Well , it turns out , Experian looks at the initial loan amount vs. the current balance .
We may have been better off not putting down 20 % and then using that 20 % to instantly pay down the mortgage .
Bizarro World , right ?
Taking Action
So , based on these factors , here are my action steps .
Pay down some of my mortgages ( around $ 7,500 on my rental property–see below ) .
Ask my credit card issuers for higher limits and hold off on applying for new credit till one inquiry drops off .
Here ’s where the consultation gets really interesting .
I was able to then test different scenarios to see how that might potentially affect my score .
Scenario 1 : Pay $ 10,000 towards my debt .
The simulator applied $ 7,629 to my rental property mortgage and the rest to my home loan .
This took my score from 834 to 865 .
Scenario 2 : Pay $ 20,000 towards my debt .
The simulator applied $ 7,629 to my rental property mortgage and the rest to my home loan .
This took my score from 834 to 869 .
Not much more of a change , and you can see the culprit–our rental property loan .
Scenario 3 : Aim for a 900 credit score .
To achieve this score I would have to pay over $ 100 k off my loans .
Not something practical .
As you can see , the scenarios were helpful in determining the amount of payment that is needed to really move the needle on my score .
This gives us just one more reason to start doing some work on paying down our real estate debt .
Common Credit Report Errors
When you start looking at credit report error statistics it ’s easy to quickly get frustrated .
There ’s a ton that could and that does go wrong with the reporting of your credit information .
Did you know that studies have shown that as much as 79 % of credit reports contain errors of some kind ?
With 25 % containing big enough errors that would lead to denial of a loan !
Crazy .
Why the Errors in Your Credit Report ?
Why does something so crucial to your financial success have to be so darn complicated and just plain messy ?
Reminds me of the IRS tax code .
Except in the case of credit reports , we do n’t have CPAs to help us figure it out .
But you ca n’t just leave your credit report alone and expect everything to be okay .
Unless you ’re debt - free and do n’t need a loan .
( Hey , there ’s a thought ! ) .
Chances are , based on the number above , something is wrong with your report and that something could be lowering your score by enough points to cost you a lot of money , sooner or later .
My Credit Report Errors
I ca n’t say I ’ve ever found a major error on my credit report .
I also ca n’t say I ’ve looked really closely at it .
Every year I visit annualcreditreport.com and pull one or two of my free credit reports .
I scan the report to make sure my personal information is correct and that the credit accounts listed on the report all belong to me .
I also scan the report for any reported negative items .
Honestly , once I realize there are no big , glaring issues , I move on .
The last time I checked my credit report I did find one small error .
The report states that one of my aliases is my middle name , followed by my first name initial as the middle name , and then my last name .
I do n’t think I ’ve ever signed up for credit or gone by that name when applying for credit or holding a job so I do n’t know where they got the name from .
I ’m not terribly worried about this particular error , though , because there were no accounts that I did n’t recognize .
“ TP ” Money has yet to sign up for any bogus credit accounts .
🙂
Still , the stat above suggests I should check my reports a bit more closely next time .
Common Major Errors Seen in Credit Reports
So , what are the most common types of serious errors seen on credit reports ?
I put together a quick list for you based on the information I ’ve been reading in Liz Weston ’s book , Your Credit Score :
Names that are not you ( not just misspellings )
Social security numbers that are n’t yours
Address where you ’ve never lived
Accounts and delinquencies that are n’t yours
Negative items older than seven years
Hard credit inquiries that you did n’t authorize
Obviously , the biggie is the fourth item there : accounts that are n’t yours .
If you have that on your report , you need to get that off as soon as possible .
If it ’s an active account , it ’s a ticking time bomb .
How to Fix Errors and Identity Theft
So what do you do when you have incorrect information on your reports ?
This incorrect information could indicate fraud , and / or could lead to you not getting a loan ( or at least the best loan you can . )
Someone I know was recently denied a loan because of some negative history on his credit report .
It turns out that when he reviewed his report , his Dad had used his SSN to apply for some credit cards a long time ago and then defaulted .
This is essentially identity fraud against your family .
Sad .
My point in sharing this is to stress the importance of reviewing your credit report periodically , as you never know who is going to use it and screw it up .
You can also protect yourself by using protection services like the identity theft protection offered by Experian .
It provides identity theft monitoring , alerts , and dark web surveillance .
Experian ’s identity theft protection also makes it easy to lock and unlock your credit file with Experian CreditLock .
How to Dispute Credit Report Errors
If you have a simple error on your report here ’s how to go about getting it corrected :
Tell the reporting agency ( TransUnion , Experian , or Equifax ) , in writing , what information you think is incorrect .
Send them copies of evidence of your claim .
Keep copies of everything you send and send it certified mail , return receipt requested .
Unless they think it ’s bogus , they must send it to the creditor or information provider to investigate your claim ( takes about 30 days . )
If they agree they will inform the other two agencies .
Once they correct the mistake , you can have them send corrected copies to everyone who got one in the past six months .
Next , you need to tell the creditor or information provider .
I guess this step is in there to ensure that the information provider sees your complaint , as the reporting agency could have considered it frivolous and tossed it .
The same rules apply on copies and mailing methods .
Here ’s some more information from the Federal Trade Commission about this .
Sample Dispute Letter
But What if it ’s Identity Fraud ?
If someone stole your identity , you need to step it up a notch and take the following extra steps according to the FTC :
Place a fraud alert on your credit reports .
Close the accounts that you know , or believe , have been tampered with or opened fraudulently .
File a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission .
File a report with your local police or the police in the community where the identity theft took place .
But
What if it ’s Family ?
Like the story I shared above , there are several people who have their identity taken by their own family members .
Dr. Phil had a show once on identity theft within the family .
One segment was on a 23 - year - old girl named Mattie , whose Mom had been stealing her identity and would n’t stop .
Dr. Phil ’s expert on the show was Tom Syta , an FTC Director .
Tom says to treat family members the same as a criminal .
During the show “ Tom suggests that Mattie , and other victims of identity theft , go to the FTC ’s Website and fill out an identity theft affidavit to take to the credit reporting agencies . ”
Tom also suggests filing a police report , which may or may not be effective , depending on your jurisdiction and the dollar amount involved .
Wow , that would be tough to have to file a police report against your own family .
I do n’t know that I could have done that at 23 years old .
Getting Help to Fix Your Credit
There ’s a lot of bad advice floating around out there , and for some time now I ’ve wanted to share some truths about finding help with fixing your credit problems .
I turned to Personal Finance Columnist and friend , Liz Pulliam Weston , to help track down a pro .
Liz introduced me to Gail Cunningham , Vice President of Public Relations at the National Foundation for Credit Counseling .
Gail was kind enough to share some solid advice on finding help with your credit problems , as well as her take on the current state of the credit world .
Check it out :
1 . Where can someone go to find trusted , free assistance with fixing their consumer debt problems ( i.e. ca n’t make the payments , in collections , do n’t know what is owed , etc. ) ?
Consumers should reach out to a legitimate credit counseling agency for help .
I ’ve attached the NFCC Fact Sheet so that you can know a bit more about us , as well as a document I created on How To Select a Legitimate Credit Counseling Agency .
Unfortunately , there are some bad actors in our industry who are more interested in their bottom line than the consumers ’ .
It is incumbent upon the consumer to do their homework before engaging in business with an agency .
2 . How will a legitimate credit counselor be able to help someone with consumer debt problems ?
What will they actually do ?
The trained and certified counselor would do a thorough intake of all income sources as well as debt obligations , probing to find out the cause of the financial distress as well as the consumer ’s short and long - term financial goals .
After reviewing living expenses , a new budget would be created if necessary .
Next , they would look at the debt load .
After the budget has been adjusted , there may be enough money remaining to address debt repayment .
If not , the counselor will explore resolution options with the consumer .
If it is the right option , the consumer may elect to go on a Debt Management Plan ( DMP ) .
If so , the counselor negotiates with the creditors for a reduced monthly payment and to have interest , late fees , and over - limit fees stopped or reduced .
The overall objective is that the consumer be able to pay his living expenses in full while still addressing debt reduction .
3 . If someone gets rejected on a loan and they ’re told it ’s because they do n’t have a credit history , what should they do ?
How do they go about establishing credit history fast and improving their credit score ?
If someone does n’t have credit , the best way to establish it is with a gasoline card or a store credit card .
Those are considered easier to get .
They also should n’t try to get too much credit all at once .
Doing so puts too many inquiries on their credit report and makes them appear as though they ’re desperate for credit .
Not good .
They will have to build a good credit history by responsibly handling their credit obligations in order to create a good credit score .
This may take time , but it ’s well worth it .
4 . Is bankruptcy ever a good option for someone in serious debt ?
And what advice would you have for those contemplating bankruptcy and wanting to start over ?
Bankruptcy is the right answer for some , but I ’d make it my last stop , not my first .
I ’d certainly sit down with a credit counselor before I considered bankruptcy to see if there was any other way out .
Help Your Kids Get Started with Credit
Your little one is all grown up !
He might be heading off to college in the fall , or she might start working full - time after high school graduation .
In either case , your job as a parent is n’t quite done .
If you want to make sure your teen gets a good start financially , here are five moves you can help her take to start building credit .
1. Make Sure Your Teen ’s Credit is His Own
Identity theft of minors is a serious problem , affecting tens of thousands of children and teens each year .
Since teens have a clean slate credit - wise , they make an attractive target for identity thieves .
Parents can request their minor child ’s credit report from the three bureaus , and it ’s a good idea to do this .
This is particularly true if you have reason to believe your teenager ’s identity has been stolen .
In any case , it ’s difficult for your teen to build a good credit history if there is fraudulent activity under her name .
So it ’s worthwhile to request a credit report just to ensure that every credit decision she makes is her own .
2. Make Your Teenager an Authorized User on Your Credit Card
If you have good credit , allowing your teenager to become an authorized user on your account will allow them to “ piggyback ” on your credit while making it impossible for them to overspend without your knowledge .
In addition , you have the ability to limit the available credit for any authorized users , so this can be a great way for your teenager to put a toe into the water of responsible credit use .
The only downside to this strategy is the fact that the bill will still come to you .
So while your teenager will benefit from your good credit , and will learn not to use plastic for every transaction ( at least , not without having to face the wrath of Mom and Dad ) , being an authorized user will not give her a real sense of the responsibility facing her .
That fact may be enough to tempt parents into co-signing a credit card for their teen–but , except in very specific circumstances , parents simply should not do that .
Co-signing for a loan will enable your teen to make poor decisions while you will still be on the hook for the consequences .
There are better ways to teach your teenager how to pay her bills –ways that ca n’t potentially hurt your credit .
We discuss one of those ways below .
3. Have Your Teenager Pay For His Own Utilities
While on - time payments for utilities are generally not reported to the credit bureaus , delinquencies often can be .
According to Investopedia :
“ [ Utility companies ] will report delinquent accounts much more quickly than other institutions . ”
Paying for utilities may not directly help your teen build good credit , but it will give him an opportunity to learn good budgeting and bill - paying habits while the stakes are still relatively low .
For example , when I was living in the dorm my freshman year in college , my parents elected to have my phone bill ( which also happened to be my only utility bill ) sent directly to me .
They also made it clear that they would not bail me out if I had a particularly high bill .
( This might have been a bluff on their part , but it was enough of a threat to keep me sweating through some lean months ) .
This helped me to learn very early how to budget , how to schedule my bill - paying and the painful repercussions of making a late payment .
That meant I was ready for the responsibility of a credit card when I applied for one or two years later .
4. Encourage Your Teenager To Get a Job and Apply for His Own Credit Card
The issue of a job can be a pretty good litmus test for your teen ’s readiness for responsibility .
Ideally , Junior will want to work and either contribute to his own education expenses or earn his own money .
If he balks at the suggestion of working ( gasp ! ) , he ’s clearly not ready for credit and it ’s time for you to start showing some tough love .
But if your teenager is earning his own income , he can apply for credit on his own even if he is under 21 .
But he will still need some guidance from you .
Make sure that he only takes on as much credit card as he can handle .
Both retail credit cards ( which can be easier to get with no credit history ) and secured credit cards can limit the amount of trouble your teenager can get into while giving him an easy introduction to credit .
An alternative to consider is SelfLender.com ( Check out our full review of SelfLender here . )
If your income - earning teenager is ready to apply for his own credit card , be sure to help him find the one that will best fit his needs .
Related : 39 Summer Jobs for Teens and College Students
5. Have Your Home Address Remain Her Main Residence
This is particularly helpful for college students .
Lenders like to see stability in terms of living arrangements , and college students will often change their address at least once a year .
Your child can still use your address on credit card applications , which will appear much more favorable on her applications than four different residences in four years would .
However , if you do allow your teenager to do this , make sure that they are signing up for paperless bills or statements so that they cannot claim they did n’t receive bills in time to pay them .
The Credit CARD
Act in 2009 was created to help protect young adults from predatory lending practices and from stumbling into huge credit problems through ignorance .
As much as I believe in the importance of this legislation , it only takes care of one side of the equation .
Parents have the responsibility to teach their children how to handle credit , and young adults must take the time to learn the ropes before mistakes become disasters .
Even parents who have struggled with credit themselves can help their teenagers to get a good start with credit , as long as they set reasonable boundaries and limits , and take the time to educate themselves and their kids .
Common Questions
Here are some common questions we see about credit scores and reports .
What is FICO ® ?
FICO ® is an acronym for a company named the Fair Isaac Corporation .
They were the first company to produce a credit scoring model in 1989 and their scores have been the most widely used ever since .
FICO says that 90 % of top lenders use FICO scores when making lending decisions .
If your bank or credit card issuer provides you a free credit score each month , there ’s a good chance that the score they are using is your FICO ®score .
What is VantageScore ?
In 2006 , all three major credit bureaus , Experian , TransUnion , and Equifax , joined together to create their own scoring model , calling it VantageScore .
Since then , they ’ve iterated upon their model several times .
Their latest version is called VantageScore 4.0 ( released in 2017 ) , but many lenders still use VantageScore 3.0 .
Does your VantageScore matter ?
Yes , and no .
The VantageScore model shares a ton of similarities with FICO® .
They are so similar , in fact , that FICO sued VantageScore in 2010 claiming the childhood version of “ you copied us ! ”
The lawsuit failed , but the overall point is that if you have a good FICO ® score , you ’ll undoubtedly have a good VantageScore as well .
Will the exact 3 - digit numbers vary slightly ?
Yes .
But they should always be in the same ballpark .
And if you had to pick one score to focus on over the other , stick with your FICO ® score .
For now , FICO is still king .
Can You Have a Perfect Credit Score ?
Your credit score is a numerical representation of what ’s in your credit history file .
It ’s supposed to represent how creditworthy you are .
Why should you care ?
Well , lenders use your credit score as a factor when considering you .
So , it ’s not a stretch to assume that you would want to raise your credit score if you want to access credit in the future .
But should you aim for perfection ?
What is the perfect credit score ?
For both the VantageScore and base FICO ® score models , the lowest score is 300 and the highest credit score is 850 .
But are these perfect scores even possible ?
A perfect score is possible .
Apparently , about 1 % of the population have a perfect 850 on the FICO ® scale .
Getting there takes years of positive credit history ( up to 30 years ) , and a diverse mix of revolving and installment credit .
Should You Care About a Perfect Credit Score ?
With a credit score , there is perfection , and then there is good enough .
Good enough meaning , good enough to get the best rates .
After all , that ’s what you are after right ?
The best interest rate when borrowing .
FICO ® sheds some light on this by offering up this table of different interest rates available today on a 30 year fixed rate mortgage .
You can see the difference in payment and interest over time based on your FICO score .
So as you can see by this chart , 850 should n’t be your goal .
Your goal should be to get to the 760 mark .
So how do you get there ?
You improve your credit score by paying attention to the factors that make up your credit score : payment history , amounts owed , length of credit history , types of credit , and new credit inquiries .
Your takeaway from that should be to always pay on time , keep your credit card balances low or at $ 0 , do n’t apply for too much credit , and try and develop a diverse mix of credit use ( a car loan and a few credit cards should do the trick ) .
Will Closing Accounts Help Your Score ?
Back when I was getting rid of my excess credit card debt , I did a stupid thing .
I closed my oldest credit card down .
I did n’t know or did n’t care at the time that this move would actually hurt me in terms of building a better credit score .
We all know the importance of a good score : better loan rates , better insurance rates .
Closing down credit accounts harm your credit score in two major ways .
1. It Raises Your Credit Utilization Ratio
When you close down an active account , the available credit from that account gets removed from your credit file .
Therefore , to the credit agencies , you appear to have less available credit at your disposal .
They translate this into not as many people are lending to this person , so they must be a higher risk .
It ’s important to keep your credit utilization ratio low .
To do this you need to have a lot of credit available to you , but only be using a small amount of that credit .
So , if your available balances all add up to $ 10,000 , you need to be using $ 1,000 – 2,000 , not $ 9,000 .
From what I hear , this is the case whether you pay it all off each month or carry a balance .
2. It Makes Your Credit History Look Younger
The second thing closing an account will do is make you look younger in terms of credit history .
One of the keys to a good credit score is a long track record of responsible borrowing .
So it ’s important to leave those old accounts intact , even if you ’re not using them .
But What if You ’re Struggling with Debt ?
Honestly , the reason I called and canceled my old credit card accounts back in the day was that I was sick of going in and out of credit card debt .
I ’d had enough and just wanted to force myself to quit falling back into those bad habits of spending money I did n’t have .
So , if the whole reason you ’re closing those old accounts down is to free yourself from debt and you wo n’t need your score for a home or auto loan in the near future , then closing them might be the best choice for you anyway .
Also , if the card is charging you an annual fee , that may be enough to justify closing it .
How Much Do Negative Marks Affect Your Score ?
We ’ve known for a while now what actions will negatively affect your credit score and what steps to take to improve your score .
But what we have n’t known is the specific number of negative points you ’ll be hit with for certain actions .
Here ’s how the points break down :
Here are some things I noticed about the recently released FICO ® info .
1. Progressive Punishment from FICO ®
The negative action ( late payments , maxed - out card , etc ) will affect those with higher scores more drastically than they will someone with a lower score .
This seems unfair to me .
But who says FICO ® has to be fair , right ?
They get to make up their own rules .
2. Multiple Dings Not Addressed
What the chart does n’t explain is how the scores are affected when you hit a couple of these actions at the same time , or within the same month .
For instance , let ’s say you max out your card and then you pay it late by 30 days .
Will you take a 150 point hit if you have a 780 ?
Then , what happens if you have a 60 day late hit the next month ?
Another - 100 points ?
I would assume that the scores would n’t compound on each other directly like that .
But that ’s just my assumption .
3. Bankruptcy Evens the FICO ® Score
Notice that where the other dings do n’t necessarily reduce the 680 and 780 score to the same levels , the bankruptcy pretty much puts them both around the 550 mark .
I guess this shows how important bankruptcy is to FICO ® .
They ’ll simply flatline you if you do it , regardless of your history .
4. What This Means in Dollars
Dings to your credit score only really matter if you ’re going to be using that number in the future .
Will you need a home loan , car loan , or credit card ?
Your FICO ® score will affect your ability to get a good interest rate on that loan .
The higher your score is the better the interest rate you ’re likely to get .
And the better the interest rate , the less you ’ll pay in interest charges throughout your life .
So how do these damage points translate into dollars ?
Jeremy Simon at CreditCards.com put together a great analysis that shows how much the FICO ® damage points cost you in dollars .
Check that out here .
5. Look at the Positive
It ’s not all negative .
What I take from this chart is that FICO ® is likely to also reward me for consistently doing a couple of things right : paying on time and keeping my credit card balances low compared to my available credit .
What Happens to Credit When You ’re Debt Free ?
Most people I know are debt - free except the mortgage , or they want to get there very fast .
The question then arises , ” Will you be able to maintain a good credit score if all you are doing is paying on a mortgage ? ”
If you are in this situation , the term that you need to familiarize yourself with is “ credit mix ” .
Credit mix is the different types of credit that you currently have .
For instance , you could have revolving credit , like a credit card .
You could also have installment credit like a car loan or mortgage .
All else being equal , the more types of debt you have the better your credit mix and the better your score .
Given that , when you pay off everything but the mortgage you are reducing your credit mix unless you keep your credit card accounts open .
Even though you ’ve paid off your credit card , if you keep the account open , your available credit line will still be reflected on your credit report and in your score .
Related : 17 Winning Tips and Tricks to Legally Eliminate Credit Card Debt
But What if You Get Dropped ?
Of course , there is a possibility that if you are n’t using your credit card , the issuer could drop you or reduce your limit , reducing your available credit .
At that time , you ’d have more than credit mix to worry about , you ’d have an available credit issue .
The good thing is that in the immediate your credit mix only makes up 10 % of your credit score .
So , even if you reduce your credit mix , a 10 % knock against your credit score is n’t crushing .
Credit expert John Ulzheimer said this about credit mix in a Credit.com article ,
“ it ’s certainly not a priority to address , anyone who has hopes of maxing out their credit scores should pay attention . ”
Want to see this in action ?
Five Cent Nickel has a post about what happened to his credit score when he paid off his mortgage .
He took a 17 point hit .
Read that article here .
Do You Even Need a Good Credit Score ?
Another obvious question to ask yourself ( that many of you have already been thinking in your head ) is “ why do I need a good credit score ? ”
Well , you may not .
If borrowing is in your future , either through a refinance or new real estate purchase ( or another type of credit for that matter ) , then you probably want to consider maintaining a quality credit score .
Additionally , a lack of credit score or poor credit score could hurt your chances of renting a house or apartment .
Not every landlord uses credit scores / history , but some will .
I do .
But I know that lack of score would not automatically put someone out of the running for me .
It ’s bad history that I ’m mostly concerned with .
But if this ( getting more credit , renting , etc. ) is not a big deal for you , then you could definitely stop caring .
Many people who have reached financial freedom are proud of their lack of credit history and the fact that they do n’t care .
Here ’s my friend Adam Baker when he found out he has no credit score :
Just had my credit score checked – and it was reported I have " NO SCORE " …
Whoo - hoo .
Finally .
🙂 — Adam Baker ( @AdamCBaker ) July 27 , 2012
I ’m not quite to that point myself .
I enjoy maintaining a responsible credit history and I like that it gives me more financial options .
But I do plan on being there one day .
So the bottom line is this , if you maintain a decent credit mix ( mortgage and a few “ open ” revolving accounts ) and pay all your bills on time , you should not have a problem maintaining a good credit score .
If you close the revolving accounts ( i.e. credit cards ) you will take a slight hit to your credit .
Over time , as your credit history begins to fade away and all your report shows is a loan for a mortgage , your score could take additional hits .
But by that time your goal of financial freedom may have been achieved and your need for a credit history could be a thing of the past .
Should I Freeze My Child ’s ( or My Own ) Credit ?
According to a report by the research firm , Javelin Strategy & Research , 11.1 million adults were the victim of identity theft in 2009 in the United States , and the total annual amount lost to fraud was $ 54 billion .
Children are often also the victim of identity theft .
In fact , 1.48 % of minors were victims of identity theft in 2017 .
Thieves will even use Social Security Numbers before they are issued .
It ’s possible for a newborn baby to already be a victim of this .
Here ’s an article from CNBC about this .
Why Children Are the Victim of Identity Theft
Many people do not realize that that credit card companies do not have an easy way to verify the age of an applicant especially if someone has not applied for credit before .
Most credit card applications simply ask for your date of birth without providing any proof .
Children and teens are a prime target for identity theft because they have perfectly clean credit records .
Children make easy prey for identity thieves , since parents do not usually check their children ’s credit reports .
A crime can go undetected for a very long time which can compound the problem .
Warning Signs of Child Identity
Theft
If your child has been the victim of identity theft , it may take you quite a while to find out about it .
Many parents realize the news when they are rejected while attempting to open a savings account or 529 College Savings Plan for the child because of his or her bad credit .
Or , parents may find out the terrible news when pre-approved credit card offers , bills , or financial statements are received in the child ’s name .
These should be red flags for a parent that there could potentially be a problem .
How To Freeze Your Child ’s ( or Your ) Credit Report
You should check your child ’s credit report , but that may be slightly more difficult than the parent might imagine .
An adult can go online to one of the three credit bureaus and order a credit report .
But , if you want to request your child ’s credit report , you have to send that request to the bureaus in writing .
Here ’s an article from Experian that goes into more detail .
Children do not actually have formal credit report if they are under the age of 18 , but the credit bureaus will be able to provide you with information on your child if they are the victim of child identity theft and have a credit history .
Once you ’ve determined that your child ’s credit report is clear , you may want to put a freeze on their credit to prevent any future fraud .
A credit freeze or also known as a security freeze will not allow any potential lender access to the credit report at all without permission .
This will prevent new credit from being issued .
Placing a credit freeze on a child ’s credit report as early as possible will prevent child identity theft .
You can place a freeze on your child ’s or your own credit ( or both ! )
A law passed in 2018 required all three credit bureaus to offer this service for free .
Equifax :
You can freeze your Equifax credit report on their website .
( Visit Equifax here . )
If you are freezing the credit report for a minor , it has to be in writing .
Experian :
You can also freeze your Experian credit report online .
( Visit Experian here . )
To freeze a credit report for your child , you ’ll need to submit a form in writing .
Here are the full directions , as well as the form you ’ll need to complete , directly from Experian .
Transunion :
You can freeze your Transunion credit report on their website .
( Visit Transunion here . )
If you are looking to freeze your child ’s credit report you can find the full instructions here .
They also require the submission to be in writing .
The Drawback Of A Credit Freeze
A credit freeze is designed to prevent a credit reporting company from releasing your credit report without your consent to a new lender .
However , you should be aware that using a credit freeze can delay you from being approved for new credit if you really are applying for a new loan .
You have to notify the three different credit bureaus individually in order to allow the release of your credit information .
With a credit freeze , you ’ll have to turn the freeze off and back on when applying for a new loan , credit , or mortgages .
You can also run into trouble with other financial transactions that request a credit report such as applying for new insurance , government services , rental housing , employment , investment , license , cellular telephone , or even turning on new utilities .
A credit freeze provides excellent protection against identity theft for an adult or a child .
But you should not forget that it is very restrictive .
Placing a credit freeze on a child ’s credit report as early as possible will help prevent your child from becoming a victim of child identity theft .
More children than ever have found themselves the victim of identity theft and many are at the hands of a close family friend or relative .
But , a parent can help prevent identity theft of their child by taking preventative measures .
Where Should You Check Your Credit ?
You can get your free credit reports from annualcreditreport.com .
For those not familiar with it , it ’s a website that the three credit reporting agencies ( Experian , Equifax , and TransUnion ) have set up based on a requirement from the Fair Credit Reporting Act .
Using this website , you can link to the three agencies and get a free copy of your credit report from them once a year .
Bear in mind that once you link to one of the agencies , they will try everything in their power to entice you to spend money on other products ( credit score , customized reports , etc . )
You do n’t have to do any of this .
Stay focused .
Just keep following the small links to get your free report .
I always save the report as a pdf file .
If you do n’t have Adobe Creator then just copy and paste the HTML page to a Word ( .doc ) or Text ( .txt ) file .
Beware of Unofficial Websites
As you ’re probably aware of , there are many websites out there that will sell you your credit report .
Here ’s a word from the Federal Trade Commission on these unofficial sites :
“ Many other websites claim to offer free credit reports , free credit scores , or free credit monitoring .
But , be careful .
These sites are not part of the official annual free credit report program .
And in some cases , the free product comes with strings attached . ”
Get Your Credit Report Three Times a Year for Free From AnnualCreditReport .Com .
The three nationwide consumer reporting agencies are all required to provide you with a free copy every year .
It ’s a good idea not to pull them all at once .
Instead , it might be best to get your free report from each of the agencies at varying times during the year .
For instance , you could pull one in late January ( shortly after the holiday season ) , another in July ( after returning from vacation ) , and the last sometime in the fall ( just for kicks ) .
Note :
If this is your first credit history check , you are about to apply for a mortgage , or you suspect fraud , you ’ll want to get all three at once .
The three times a year method is just for general monitoring purposes .
Think Beyond AnnualCreditReport.com .
There are three big problems with using AnnualCreditReport.com as your ONLY source for credit reports :
The Big Up - Sell :
When you use the AnnualCreditReport.com website to get your three reports you ’ll be pressured to sign up for a bunch of services that will cost you .
Now there ’s nothing wrong with paying for something of value , but if you ’re going there with the intention of just getting your free report , you ’ll have to fight through the many sales pitches that are going to be thrown at you .
The Fair Credit Reporting
Act should have explicitly prevented this .
But they did n’t go that far .
No Free Extras and No Free Credit Score :
While going to AnnualCreditReport.com will definitely get you a free credit report , it wo n’t give you anything else for free , certainly not a free credit score .
There are no credit monitoring services or credit score that can be had for free by going there .
All you get is your three free credit reports .
Limited to One Per Year :
The biggest limitation of AnnualCreditReport.com is the fact that you can only get one credit report from each of the agencies each year .
Most people think to check their reports at the beginning of the year when the motivation for budgeting and getting things in order is strong .
But then later on in the year , you may be considering a loan or may suspect some type of fraud .
At that point , most people either do nothing , or they fork over money to get their credit report .
But you do n’t have to pay .
You can sign up for a free trial using one of the services listed below .
Just make sure you cancel your account prior to the free trial running out .
See below for the other ways to get your free credit report .
Five Reasons to Check Your Credit Report
It ’s important to occasionally review your credit reports .
Here are a few of the reasons why I do it :
Check Your Reports for Fraud
Someone uses your personal information to open up a credit line .
Then they run up a huge balance and never pay the bill .
You do n’t find out about it till it ’s too late .
There ’s a big negative on your credit reports .
When you try and apply for credit on your own , the lender wo n’t do it because of the negative history .
Checking your reports a few times a year is a good way to ensure you are n’t being taken advantage of by someone .
Review
It for Errors
In addition to fraud , there ’s actually a good chance that your credit reports have errors on them .
The errors could be things like accounts that are n’t yours , missing information , incorrect credit limits , missed payments that are n’t accurate .
These errors could be negatively affecting your credit score .
It ’s important to check your credit reports so that you can fix these credit report errors .
Prepare for a Loan
If you happen to be planning on getting a significant loan in the near future , like a mortgage , then it ’s crucial you review your reports for the types of fraud and errors listed above .
The rate on the mortgage , car loan , or small business loan is going to be based on what the credit agencies are reporting about you .
This could mean thousands in savings by having the score you deserve .
First Time Credit Check
If you ’ve never reviewed your credit report , this is the time to do it .
It ’s easy and free .
Make Sure You ’re Getting Credit
Another reason to review your credit reports is to make sure you are getting credit for the history you have .
It ’s not uncommon for one of the three reports to be missing important information , like an old account that had a positive payment history .
Take a second to review your report and make sure you ’re getting credit for your positive history .
What About a Tri-Merge Credit Report ?
A tri-merge credit report or 3 - in - 1 credit report is just what it sounds like .
It ’s a report that combines the information from the three major credit reporting agencies and presents it in one easy to consume report .
The three major bureaus all report different information .
Some may be more accurate than others .
They get their information from different methods .
Therefore , what is on one report may not be on another .
For these reasons , it ’s important to understand what is on each of the three reports .
A tri-merge report combines all that information into one report so that you do n’t have to pull all three reports and combine the information yourself .
Tri-merge credit reports are often used by landlords when evaluating potential renters , or by lenders when considering a loan .
If you are evaluating someone ’s credit , remember to get their permission .
Experian can also provide you a 3 - bureau credit report for a one - time fee .
Or you can sign up for Experian ’s CreditWorks , which will send you a tri-merge credit report on a monthly basis .
Get a Free Tri-Merge Credit Report
I do n’t know that there is a place where you can get a tri-merge credit report for free .
However , I do know that you can create your own tri-merge report for free .
Just visit AnnualCreditReport.com and request all three of your credit reports : TransUnion , Equifax , and Experian .
Then take your reports and consolidate the information .
Any information missing on one of the reports you might want to report to them if it ’s something that might improve your credit score .
Get a Tri-Merge Credit Report with Scores
For those not in the do - it - yourself crowd , there are credit score companies who will take your credit report information and combine it into one report for you .
They will also give you a credit score .
They , of course , charge a small fee for this service .
Conclusion
No matter where your credit score is today or credit mistakes that you ’ve made in the past .
you can improve your score .
We ’ve covered a ton of ground in this piece , but maybe you still have questions .
Consider Just Answer as an option to get them answered by a financial expert .
But remember the basics of building a good credit score are really simple .
Pay your bills on time and do n’t spend too much of your available credit .
If you do those two things on a consistent basis , you ’ll be able to build a sky - high credit score … maybe even faster than you think .
A Lethal Mix of Cocaine and Chilies Drug Use Linked to Pepper Spray Deaths
Police officers around the world often use pepper spray to restrain people who are out of control .
But after a series of unexplained deaths , researchers now suspect the spray , which is derived from chili peppers , could be fatal if the subject has been using cocaine or other drugs .
JANUARY 4-- Nobody can say that Mayor Michael Bloomberg is n't a friend to New York City junkies .
The Bloomberg administration is distributing a 16 - page brochure offering heroin users 10 handy tips when it comes to shooting up .
The Department of Health and Mental Hygiene publication is titled " Take Charge , Take Care , " and offers advice on avoiding overdose , preparing your drugs , and taking care of veins in which you inject those illegal narcotics .
The brochure , excerpted here , has been criticized by law enforcement agencies as a primer for addicts .
The Bloomberg administration has defended the guide , contending that it would help save lives via the safety tips offered .
( 12 pages )
We thought we'd try something a little bit different for this week 's edition of our Web Faceoff series .
Last week we saw Digg beat out Reddit and StumbleUpon for social news champion , and this week we 're throwing out a timely but more provincial battle :
Twitter 's new official retweet feature versus the " old school " method of text - based " RT - ing . "
Since it was first announced back in August , reactions were mixed over the plan to alter how retweets were officially treated by Twitter.com as well as clients .
Now that the feature is live to everyone , we wanted to get a sense of where the Mashable audience stands on the New versus the Old method of re-broadcasting another user 's tweet .
Check out the poll below and make sure to cast your vote by noon PST this Friday , December 25 .
Do you prefer the Old Way or the New ?
Even if you actually use both styles depending on the situation , we 'd like to know which you 'd take with you to that proverbial desert island .
As always , be sure to let us know in the comments why your vote went down the way it did .
We 'll be interested to see the final results later this week ; be sure to check back for the recap .
Web Faceoff : Overall Results
Week 1 : - Mozilla Firefox vs. Google Chrome - WINNER : Firefox , 4600 votes ( Chrome : 3310 votes , Tie : 911 votes )
Week 2 : - Tumblr vs. Posterous - WINNER : Tumblr , 1809 votes ( Posterous : 1496 votes , Tie : 256 votes )
Week 3 : - Pandora vs. Last.fm - WINNER : Last.fm , 1187 votes ( Pandora : 1156 votes , Tie : 122 votes )
Week 4 : - Twitter vs. Facebook - WINNER : Facebook , 2484 votes ( Twitter : 2061 votes , Tie : 588 votes )
Week 5 : - WordPress vs. Typepad - WINNER : WordPress , 2714 votes ( Typepad : 267 votes , Tie : 357 votes )
Week 6 : - Windows 7 vs. Snow Leopard - WINNER : Windows 7 , 3632 votes ( Snow Leopard : 3278 votes , Tie : 121 votes )
Week 7 : - TweetDeck vs. Seesmic Desktop - WINNER : TweetDeck , 3294 votes ( Seesmic Desktop : 1055 votes , Tie : 260 votes )
Week 8 : - Microsoft Office vs. Google Docs - WINNER : Microsoft Office , 1365 votes ( Google Docs : 994 votes , Tie : 315 votes )
Week 9 : - Apple iPhone vs. Google Android - WINNER : Google Android , 3323 votes ( Apple iPhone : 1494 votes , Tie : 228 votes )
Week 10 : - AT&T vs. Verizon - WINNER : Verizon , 1161 votes ( AT&T : 538 votes , Tie : 118 votes )
Week 11 : - Google vs. Bing - WINNER : Google , 2180 votes ( Bing : 519 votes , Tie : 97 votes )
Week 12 : - iPod Touch / iPhone vs. Nintendo DS vs. Sony PSP - WINNER : iPod Touch / iPhone , 704 votes ( Sony PSP : 639 votes , Nintendo DS : 482 votes , Tie : 108 votes )
Week 13 : - Digg vs. Reddit vs. StumbleUpon - WINNER : Digg , 14,762 votes ( Reddit : 11,466 votes , StumbleUpon : 2507 votes , Tie : 1032 votes )
Member of Harrisburg monetary oversight committee resigns : ‘ This choice was very tough , ’ she says – PennLive
One member of Harrisburg ’s financial oversight committee — created under state law to help the city resolve its financial problems — resigned Thursday , saying she ’s disappointed that the authority and city officials can’t come to an agreement on a strong financial plan .
“ All committee members came to the Authority without a political agenda and with a strong desire to help and want the best for our beloved City of Harrisburg , ” wrote outgoing board member Tina Nixon in her resignation letter .
“ However , we have not been able to move the needle in any direction as it relates to forging an agreement with the City . ”
Act 47 , a program established to help struggling Pennsylvania cities improve their economic outlook , requires an oversight committee .
Members of the Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority , also known as the ICA , are appointed by a member of the state legislature as well as the governor .
Nixon was a founding member .
Members are tasked with advising the city , the General Assembly , and the governor “ concerning solutions to fiscal problems the city may face , ” according to the ICA ’s website .
Mayor Eric Papenfuse , who regularly attends the ICA ’s meetings , said he ’s glad that Nixon resigned .
“ Her talents , of which there are many , were wasted on that dysfunctional board , ” he said .
“ I hope the others follow suit . ”
Papenfuse declined further comment .
The other four members are Audry Carter , who runs AQuire LLC , a consulting firm specializing in helping organizations enhance their operations and maximize fundraising potential ; Ralph Vartan , chief executive officer of Vartan Group , Inc. , a multi- disciplinary real estate investment company ; Kathy Speaker MacNett , an Attorney and Managing Partner at the law firm Skarlatos & Zonarich with offices in Harrisburg ; and Douglas E. Hill , retired executive director of the County Commissioners Association of Pennsylvania .
Carter , the chairperson , said Thursday that Nixon ’s departure is n’t a surprise .
“ Tina ’s limited appetite for tackling the City ’s dysfunction is not surprising , ” she wrote in an email .
“ We are all balancing this volunteer commitment within our real work obligations – and Tina with Pinnacle – is at the frontlines .
Compound that with the uncertainty surrounding the Director of Finance and you can imagine our worry at where the City is headed . ”
Carter continued : “ The current board members , including Tina ’s yet - to - be - named replacement , are fully committed to the city of Harrisburg and its financial recovery and perhaps renaissance coming out of the pandemic .
That , however , will take all of us working in unison on behalf of our citizens . ”
Nixon is the Vice President of Mission Effectiveness and Chief Diversity Officer for UPMC / Pinnacle Health in Harrisburg .
She had spent 15 years with the YWCA of Greater Harrisburg , including serving as the CEO of the organization .
Leaving the authority was n’t easy , she said .
“ In all the volunteer work that I continue to do and have done in this community , I have always made a commitment to help influence change in a positive manner .
Please know that this decision was very difficult , ” she said .
“ However , I will use my time and talent in other areas to continue to work to make the city of Harrisburg a welcoming place for all to live , work , and play . ”
READ MORE
One member of Harrisburg ’s financial oversight committee — created under state law to help the city resolve its
Man killed at barbershop moved to Harrisburg from Puerto Rico for a better life
Carlisle homicide victim went public with a feud on Facebook Live hours before his death
The Army Corps of Engineers must consider the effects of climate change as it draws up plans for flood control , navigation and other water projects under a new agency policy .
The idea is to keep rising seas from swamping major federal investments .
" You do n't want to make stupid large investments that are difficult or impossible to undo , " said Jeffrey Gebert , the Army Corps ' chief of coastal planning in the Philadelphia district and a member of the team that drafted the policy .
In some cases , extra up - front investment could armor projects against worst - case scenarios , the policy 's authors say .
In others , the corps could leave room for future adjustments .
" If you look at something like a levee in the Sacramento area and say we 're going to design it to a certain height , well , if we get a higher sea - level rise , then a levee wo n't provide 100 - year protection anymore , " said Kevin Knuuti , engineering chief in the Sacramento district and the lead technical author of the policy .
" We can either build it extra - high now , which is expensive and will cost more to design , or maybe we can do things that will make it easier to modify the project in the future , if the need arises . "
Planning for future changes in the case of the Sacramento levee , Knuuti said , might mean purchasing extra land to accommodate future widening .
Officials said existing projects also will be evaluated with rising seas in mind .
" There is no grandfathering , " said Kathleen White , the corps ' senior leader for global and climate change initiatives .
" It 's going to apply to everything .
We are going to have to undergo a large effort to evaluate our projects to see what this guidance may mean to them . "
Experts said the policy signals a shift in the culture of corps leaders , some of whom rose in the ranks during a time of growing awareness about rising seas .
" The people who had just joined this corps when we were pushing this idea , 25 years later , they 're now the bosses , " said Jim Titus , a U.S. EPA researcher who specialized in sea - level rise .
Titus last month privately published a study in the journal Environmental Research Letters that showed 60 percent of coastal lowlands along the Atlantic Coast are likely to be developed in the next century and less than 10 percent of that area is set aside for conservation .
" To ignore rising sea level in the design of civil works would be like ignoring the health effects of smoking a cigarette , " Titus said .
" We 've gotten to that point . "
No longer 'an oddball thing '
Scientists expect climate change to spur global sea level to rise 7 inches to 23 inches this century -- and up to 3 feet in the worst - case scenario .
The corps has had a planning policy for rising sea levels since 1986 .
But the instructions were less than a page long , buried in a 1,000 - page document and largely ignored .
" If you think about the public opinion at the time in the country , nobody was really paying attention to this , " White said .
" I do n't think planners were explicitly saying , ' We 're not going to do this . '
I think it was more , ' This is kind of an oddball thing , and our stakeholders do n't like it . ' "
The new , 44 - page stand - alone document , released in July , sends a clear signal that the corps is serious about planning for sea - level rise , White and Knuuti said .
White said the policy was sparked by the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , when crucial flood protections failed in New Orleans .
A 2006 report by the Interagency Performance Evaluation Task Force blasted the Army Corps for failing to consider changing environmental conditions , including sea - level rise , in the lead - up to the catastrophe .
The new corps guidance directs staff to consider three scenarios .
At a minimum , they must estimate how the historic rate of rising sea levels would affect a project .
Then they must evaluate accelerated rise rates that mirror those projected by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
Finally , planners must consider an even higher rate meant to address criticism that the IPCC underestimated how quickly glaciers are melting .
Knuuti said the policy will challenge the Army Corps ' standard procedure , which focuses heavily on assessing the economic viability of projects .
" When we look at multi- scenario approaches , that takes us out of our standard way of doing business , " Knuuti said .
" It makes it a little harder to assess the economics of the project .
It just means we need to think in a nontraditional manner . "
Consequences
The Army Corps ' coastal engineering projects often make new development possible in shoreline towns and cities , which then turn to the agency to protect them from flooding .
But some projects , especially those in low - lying regions , may look less appealing when considerations for sea - level rise are built in , EPA 's Titus said .
" This is n't a fundamental decision by the corps to stop holding back the sea , but it is a signal that the corps is n't going to simply pretend that lands are not vulnerable when they make these decisions , " he said .
" That in itself should be at least a bit of a warning to anyone who assumes that the government will always protect them . "
The guidance does not apply to the corps ' regulatory program , which oversees permits for state and local activities like dredging , bulkhead construction and beach fill .
White said the corps is planning " in the fairly near future " to work with EPA , the Fish and Wildlife Service and other agencies that share water oversight to develop a sea - level policy for that program .
But ,
White said , current policy may prompt coastal regions to take a closer look at their planning guidelines .
" State or local regional planning groups might say , ' Oh , the corps got a new policy on this ; let 's review our own , ' " White said .
" It could spur some conversations about what kind of considerations they have to take . "
Jeffrey DeBlieu , climate adaptation projects adviser for the Nature Conservancy , said the Army Corps ' initiative is encouraging .
But he cautioned that important decisions will be made on a project - by - project basis , when the agency determines which of the three sea - level scenarios to plan for .
" It looks like it 's a pretty solid approach , and it 's really great to see them moving in this direction , " DeBlieu said .
" But how it plays out in future decision - making , that 's where the rubber meets the road , and we 'll just have to wait and see . "
Copyright 2009 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 December 17
Explanation : Monstrously bright , this fireball meteor lit up the Mojave Desert sky Monday morning , part of this year 's impressive Geminid meteor shower .
Seen toward the southwest over rock formations near Victorville , California , a more familiar celestial background was momentarily washed out by the meteor 's flash .
The background includes bright star Sirius at the left , and Aldebaran and the Pleaides star cluster at the right side of the image .
The meteor itself blazes through the constellation Orion .
Its greenish trail begins just left of a yellow - tinted Betelgeuse and points back to the shower 's radiant in Gemini , just off the top of the frame .
A rewarding catch for photographer Wally Pacholka , the spectacular image is one of over 1500 frames that he reports captured 48 , mostly faint , Geminid meteors .
Thanks for the comment !
It took me a sizeable chunk of a day , but I was just finished my last final exam , so I had a bunch of free time on my hands .
Lectures take place Tuesdays and Thursdays from 9:00 am to 10:20 am eastern time .
The class is offered online this semester .
The instructors are Professor Amy Greenwald and Ph.D. student Enrique Areyan Viqueira .
CSCI1410 is designed for students seeking a broad understanding of Artificial Intelligence .
The course surveys many topics in AI , from search and game theory to supervised learning and reinforcement learning .
Prerequisites and Required Materials
In Order to take CS1410 , you should have already taken CS16 , CS18 , or CS19 .
You should have also taken , or can be taken concurrently , one of CS22 , CS145 , APMA1650 , or APMA1655 .
The programming language used in this course is Python .
We will provide a Python primer at the start of the semester , but knowledge of Python will be required .
The course textbook is Artificial Intelligence , A Modern Approach , 3rd edition by Russell & Norvig .
The textbook is available online .
To attend online lectures and TA hours , a computer is necessary , preferably with the Zoom application installed .
If you need any assistance ( e.g. , if you need to borrow a computer from Brown ) , please contact the HTAs .
For Reagan , A Banker Made to Order Not Your Stereotypical Economist
What stood out about the man who would become the world 's most powerful banker .
Savings & Loan Crisis -- Late ' 80s
As thrifts are deregulated in 1982 , speculators , crooks move in ; 700 institutions fail .
The ' 80s Go - Go Years New investors plunge into the bull market .
It seemed it would go on forever .
One famous fund manager leads the charge .
The new Fed chairman , Alan Greenspan , is a believer in Ayn Rand 's philosophy -- free - market capitalism means no regulations , no government intervention .
“ He was a believer in Ayn Rand ...
Little bit curious ... because what is central banking ? ” READ MORE » Joseph Stiglitz “ Deregulation ... looked better at the time than it does to some people now . ”
READ MORE » Martin Feldstein “ Greenspan is a political animal . ”
READ MORE » Paul Krugman
The New Clinton Economic Team " The Committee to Save the World " By 1999 , Clinton 's top economic policymakers -- Greenspan , Rubin and Summers -- are riding high .
Debates Behind Closed Doors Clinton 's cabinet clashes on the issue of regulation vs. unfettered markets .
The Economy Guns Forward Clinton 's top economists tell him to cut the deficit ; it will benefit the economy .
They 're proved right .
The country 's best - known financier , Robert Rubin , joins forces with Greenspan .
Both men believe the less regulation on the market , the better .
“ The Clinton administration was very interesting because it was very divided . ” READ MORE » Joseph Stiglitz “ I remember sitting there thinking , ' Now , wait a minute .
[ The deficit ] is going to set a lot of our plans back . ' ”
READ MORE » Robert Reich
A Major Derivatives Scandal Surfaces Here 's How It Works ...
Derivatives and how they help business -- as explained by a former derivatives banker / lobbyist .
" So Along Comes this Idea " An inventor of credit derivatives explains how they made it easier and safer for banks to lend -- and far more profitable .
Interest Rate Swaps
From his top perch at Salomon Brothers , Henry Kaufman starts seeing potentially big problems with these instruments .
Procter & Gamble sues Bankers
Trust claiming the bank 's derivatives deals has cost P&G millions .
The lawsuit reveals what 's really going on in the completely dark and unregulated derivatives market .
“ Unfortunately for Bankers Trust , it 's all caught on tape ... ” READ MORE » Michael Greenberger
“ We were seeing some very dangerous things happening in that market . ”
READ MORE » Brooksley Born
One Regulator Is Closely Eyeing Derivatives Born 's " Concept Release " Document
She describes the paper -- her first move toward regulating OTC derivatives .
It causes an earthquake in the administration .
The Pushback on Born Heats Up Rubin calls in Summers .
He tells Born : " You 're going to cause the worst financial crisis since the end of WWII . "
An Emergency Meeting Rubin summons his secretive council to stop Born from going forward on regulating derivatives .
The new chairperson of the CFTC , Brooksley Born , sees systemic risk in the virtually unregulated , high - stakes derivatives market .
She starts a campaign to regulate the secretive , multitrillion - dollar market .
“ There needed to be some light shone on this market ... ”
READ MORE » Brooksley Born “ I walk into Brooksley 's office one day ; the blood has drained from her face . ”
READ MORE » Michael Greenberger
“ This tight - knit group persuaded me that we really would face a situation of financial turmoil ... ”
READ MORE » Arthur Levitt
A Meltdown Begins at Long - Term Capital Management Could LTCM 's Failure Unwind the Financial System ?
The New York Fed is n't waiting for the answer .
It convenes an emergency meeting of Wall Street 's 14 largest banks .
This hedge fund invented complex mathematical formulas and placed bets using derivatives -- all of it done in secret .
LTCM 's crisis also reveals how the world has become financially interconnected .
“ I thought that it was exactly what I had been worried about . ”
READ MORE » Brooksley Born
“ The banks used their political influence to get a publicly orchestrated but privately financed bailout . ”
READ MORE » Joseph Stiglitz
“ They have dodged not a bullet but a nuclear weapon by getting the banks to buy this , propping it up . ”
READ MORE » Michael Greenberger
No to Born ; No to Regulation And Congress Goes One Step Further ...
It puts a regulatory freeze on anything Born 's CFTC can do in the area of over - the - counter derivatives .
Brooksley Born Resigns Born describes what happened after she left the CFTC .
Despite LTCM 's near - collapse , Congress and top regulators resoundingly reject Brooksley Born 's push to regulate derivatives .
“ I think any consideration of regulation probably came and went within a few days ... ”
READ MORE » Brooksley Born “ Government inevitably is going to reflect the pressure of special interests , particularly as elections get near . ”
READ MORE » Joseph Stiglitz “ I firmly believe [ the legislation ] was written on Wall Street ... ” READ MORE » Michael Greenberger
The Banking Laws Are Changed Enron Accountants ' Dirty Books Arthur Andersen goes out of business after helping Enron outsmart the SEC 's accounting regulations .
For decades big banks pressed Congress to repeal the 1933 Glass - Steagall Act and allow investment banks and commercial banks to merge .
It finally happens .
The new superbanks are free to make riskier investments .
“ It was clear that it was a question not of whether but when Glass - Steagall would go . ”
READ MORE » Arthur Levitt “ The market had practically repealed Glass - Steagall anyway . ”
READ MORE » Alan Blinder “ Without Alan Greenspan , [ we ] would n't have changed the laws when we did . ”
READ MORE » Charles Geisst
Tech Bubble Bursts in Late '90s
It had been fueled by the notion that old rules no longer applied ( such as , businesses needed to make a profit ) .
Investors and the SEC smell a rat in the way investment banks handled those IPO deals .
“ There has always been a ' new economy , ' every decade since the beginning of the industrial revolution . ”
READ MORE » Robert Shiller “ [ We ] assumed that the Information Revolution and the Internet had eliminated recessions ... ”
READ MORE » Michael Mandel
There 's This Fellow Named Madoff ... Many Red Flags
For years , there are letters to the SEC , skeptical articles appear on Madoff .
The SEC investigates -- finds nothing amiss .
The First Time the SEC Missed Madoff
It was 1992 .
The SEC shuts down an unlicensed feeder fund -- but stops short of investigating Madoff .
Two Boston financial analysts figure out Bernard Madoff probably is running a Ponzi scheme .
“ We were competitors .
We were looking for an angle to basically figure out what this man was doing . ”
READ MORE » Frank Casey [ Saul said ] : “ You got money , you can invest it with my son - in - law Bernie .
You 'll get 20 percent . ”
READ MORE » Michael Bienes
Housing Prices Can Only Go Up! " Greenspan Spiked the Punch Bowl " A critic 's assessment of Greenspan 's interest - rates policy .
The IMF 's Numerous Warnings ?
All Ignored Starting in 2007 , governments were in denial about the fractures in the financial system .
Economist Simon Johnson explains ... Feldstein " Lays a Bomb " on Central Bankers What Martin Feldstein 's told federal bankers when he stepped up on the podium at the 8/07 Jackson Hole conclave .
After the Internet bust , and then 9/11 , Alan Greenspan lowers interest rates .
It fuels a massive housing boom .
But by 2007 , the party 's over .
“ [ Greenspan ] explained at the time that it was a balance of risks ... ”
READ MORE » Martin Feldstein
“ I do n't join the criticism of him for keeping interest rates down .
” READ MORE » Barney Frank
Exit Greenspan Alan Greenspan retires , replaced by Ben Bernanke .
Before leaving office , Greenspan receives the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the country 's highest honor .
“ He had turned on a fire hose under the U.S. economy ... ”
READ MORE » Adam Davidson
“ Boy , has there ever been a greater retrospective downgrading ? ” READ MORE » Paul Krugman
Bear Stearns ' Free Fall A Deal Saves Bear -- But Has a Catch JPMorgan agrees to buy Bear .
But Paulson does n't want any more bailouts and he drives home the " moral hazard " point .
Rumors fly about Bear 's huge exposure in subprime mortgages -- soon to be dubbed " toxic assets . "
Investors rush to pull their money out of the investment bank .
“ We were having trouble finding banks that would even take our securities . ”
READ MORE » Alan " Ace " Greenberg “ It was sort of a gut - check moment .
...
The fear of the unknown was enough to say , ' Let 's do this loan . ' ”
READ MORE » Michele Davis
“ My sense is that the Bear Stearns rescue actually engendered overconfidence . ”
READ MORE » Paul Krugman
The U.S. Nationalizes Fannie and Freddie
The crisis is spreading .
And the two mortgage giants with $ 5 trillion in assets , are the definition of " systemic risk . "
“ If Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac had n't been saved ... global capitalism would have ended ... ” READ MORE » Adam Davidson
“ [ The ] conservatorship for Fannie and Freddie was at least something that we had time to plan ... ”
READ MORE » Michele Davis
“ It goes back to the Great Depression that in a financial crisis ... the government takes control of the mortgage market . ”
READ MORE » Mark Gertler
Lehman Brothers Nears Collapse How the Bankers Went
At the Lehman Crisis Merrill 's John Thain on the emergency Friday meeting at the Federal Reserve , convened by Paulson .
The Weekend That Changed Wall Street " It was an ' Oh my god ' moment .
Bankers finally realized the implications of Lehman going bankrupt " - Maria Bartiromo , CNBC But Treasury Secretary Paulson , a free marketer , refuses to have the government bail out Lehman .
For him , moral hazard trumps systemic risk .
“ People said , ' Oh , let them go belly up , ' and then it turned out dead bellies are n't as much fun to look at ... ”
READ MORE » Barney Frank “ I called Sec. Paulson and said we would not be able to do this deal without some government support . ”
READ MORE » Ken Lewis
“ By law , the Fed can only lend against ' good collateral , ' and also with an institution over which it would have recourse . ”
READ MORE » Mark Gertler
A Secret Deal Bank of America Gets Merrill Ken Lewis is on top of the world .
And Merrill Lynch has dodged a bullet .
As Lehman melts down , it appears Merrill Lynch , the second - largest investment bank , could be next .
Paulson , Ken Lewis , John
Thain secretly cut a deal : Bank of America will buy Merrill .
“ I proposed to him that we would be interested in selling a 9.9 percent stake in Merrill to Bank of America ... ”
READ MORE » John
Thain “ I said , ' If we 're going to do something , I want to buy the whole company ... ' ”
READ MORE » Ken Lewis “ The Merrill purchase we hoped would stop the domino effect . ” READ MORE » Michele Davis
Markets Crash , Credit Freezes The U.S. Government Bails
Out AIG AIG had sold credit default swaps -- a type of insurance -- against the collapse of Lehman , assuming it could never happen .
The Merrill deal can't stop the meltdown ; Lehman was more interconnected than anyone realized .
“ The economy was legally dead for a few hours Wednesday and Thursday ... ”
READ MORE » Adam Davidson
“ This is DEFCON 4 , whatever .
This was the complete nightmare . ”
READ MORE » Paul Kruman
“ That week was the perfect storm .
A money market fund breaking the buck ... that 's never supposed to happen . ”
READ MORE » Michele Davis
Government Asks for $ 700 Billion The Paulson Three - Pager Requesting $ 700 Billion Economist Simon Johnson 's opinion on the document Paulson sent Congress Sept. 18 , 2008 asking for the money .
The Controversy Over Paulson 's Three Pages Treasury 's Michele Davis explains how a short rundown was what Congress had wanted .
Paulson tells congressional leaders the money 's needed to unstop the credit markets -- or else the world 's financial system will melt down in a matter of days .
“ It 's the economic equivalent of 9/11 in my view ...
There was literally a pause in that room where the oxygen left . ”
READ MORE » Chris Dodd
“ They said they needed the authority to give $ 700 billion to unstop the credit market ... by Monday . ” READ MORE » Barney Frank “ Congress [ has ] a gun held to its head by the nation 's top economic chief : ... ' Give me $ 700 billion or the economy gets it . ' ”
READ MORE » Elizabeth Warren
Top Bankers Summoned to Washington Thain 's
Take on the Momentous Meeting Here 's how Merrill Lynch 's CEO sums up the day 's discussion and the government 's demand .
" It Was A Gift to Them To Do Their Patriotic Duty " Elizabeth Warren 's views on the 10/13 meeting in which government became a major stockholder in the banks .
Did Taxpayers Get A Fair Shake ?
That 's the question TARP Oversight Cmte Chair Elizabeth Warren asked Paulson .
She got a letter back …
To boost the nation 's confidence in the banks and get them lending again , Paulson tells nine CEOs each of their banks will get tens of billions ; the government will become a major stakeholder .
“ It just seemed to me that the ... right thing to do was to take the money .
Little did I know the pain that would invoke ... ”
READ MORE » Ken Lewis
“ None of us ever wanted to be in a position where you had government ownership in a bank .
That was just anathema . ”
READ MORE » Michele Davis
“ Now we have a public - private mix that is the most dangerous of all . ”
READ MORE » Elizabeth Warren
Now He Tells Us !
Testifying before Congress on the financial crisis , Greenspan admits that his premise that markets could be trusted to regulate themselves was wrong .
“ I was astonished ... because he's not the type of personality to do a lot of mea culpas . ”
READ MORE » Sheila Bair “ A very important moment ... comparable I think to McNamara 's confession of error with regard to the Vietnam ” READ MORE » Barney Frank
" It Was One Big Lie " SEC Is Called On the Carpet How could the agency have missed Madoff 's fraud for so long ?
Bernard Madoff , head of a prominent Wall Street trading firm -- and an unlicensed investment adviser -- confesses to a Ponzi scheme that 's cost investors $ 65 billion .
“ [ The SEC ] had a specific roadmap to the fraud ... and it still did n't catch him . ”
READ MORE » Harvey Pitt “ The question of when it became a fraud is fundamental to the Bernie Madoff mystery . ”
READ MORE » Diana Henriques
“ I said , ' Someone 's setting him up . ' ”
READ MORE » Michael Bienes
Government 's Message to Bank of America Bernanke and Paulson tell Ken Lewis : " You can not pull out of the Merrill deal " -- even though BofA is facing $ 15 billion in losses on Merrill 's balance sheets .
“ We went to them and told them what we were considering ... ”
READ MORE » Ken Lewis “ The Fed lawyers ... did n't see anything in the contract that could prevent the merger from going forward . ”
READ MORE » Michele Davis
“ The fact that we were losing money I do n't think was a surprise to anyone . ”
READ MORE » John
Thain
The New President 's Challenges The National Debt How it has reached $ 10 trillion ?
Obama 's Options for Troubled Banks
He 's got the " closed " option v. " open " option approach .
Here 's some history .
Credit markets are frozen , there 's rising unemployment and housing foreclosures , two wars -- plus a growing national debt .
“ There is no question that we are on an unsustainable fiscal course , and we need to change course . ”
READ MORE » Peter Orszag
“ The truth is , you can't endlessly borrow money and have a sound economy ... ”
READ MORE » Paul O'Neill
“ The Obama administration obviously decided to stress the fiscal stimulus ... and the banking played second fiddle . ”
READ MORE » Simon Johnson
The Freedom Tray The Freedom Tray is the ultimate food and drink carrier .
It 's the perfect tailgating tray , beach tray , camping tray , kids tray , and travel tray .
The Freedom Tray is also great for inside the stadium or arena .
The Freedom Tray provides you and your entire family freedom from the stress and freedom from the mess .
It 's great for at the game , at the campsite , at the park , at the beach , at the ocean , at the lake or just around the house .
The Freedom Tray is completely collapsible to less than one inch think and makes it easy to store in the car for road trips .
It is also dishwasher safe for easy cleanup .
See our
Featured Specials
The Freedom Tray is the ultimate food and drink carrier .
It 's the perfect tailgating tray , beach tray , camping tray , kids tray , and travel tray .
The Freedom Tray is also great for inside the stadium or arena .
The Freedom Tray provides you and your entire family freedom from the stress and freedom from the mess .
It 's great for at the game , at the campsite , at the park , at the beach , at the ocean , at the lake or just around the house .
The Freedom Tray is completely collapsible to less than one inch think and makes it easy to store in the car for road trips .
It is also dishwasher safe for easy cleanup .
See our USES page to see just a few of the many uses the Freedom Tray really has .
Visit our EASY TO USE page and you 'll see just how simple and versatile the Freedom Tray is .
The Freedom Tray is the perfect addition to your camping gear , beach gear or tailgating gear .
The Original Freedom Tray List Price : $ 24.95 Our Price : $ 19.95
You save $ 5.00 !
Meet the Freedom Tray Inventor
>
Copenhagen : Population and climate change are intertwined with each other but population issue has remained a blind spot when countries are discussing ways to mitigate the climate change and slow down the global warming , according to Zhao Baige , vice minister of National Population and Family Planning Commission of China ( NPFPC ) .
" Dealing with climate change is not simply an issue of CO2 emission reduction but a comprehensive challenge involving political , economic , social , cultural and ecological issues , and the population concern fits right into the picture , " said Zhao , who is a member of the Chinese government delegation .
A lot of studies link population growth with emissions and the effect of climate change upon the populace .
" Calculations of the contribution of population growth to emissions growth globally produce a consistent finding that most of past population growth has been responsible for between 40 per cent and 60 per cent of emissions growth , " so stated by the 2009 State of World Population , which was released earlier by the United Nations Population Fund .
Although China 's family planning policy has received a lot of criticism over the past three decades , Zhao said that the very population program that China has been carrying out has in effect made a great historic contribution to the well - being of the human society .
As a result of the family planning policy , China has seen 400 million fewer births , which has resulted in 18 million fewer tons of CO2 emissions a year , Zhao said .
This holistic approach that integrates policy on population and development , a strategy promoting sustainable development of population , resources and environment , should serve as a model for integrating population programs into the framework of climate change adaptation .
Citigroup is in serious trouble .
It 's easy to tell by what they are doing .
Citigroup is in serious trouble .
It 's easy to tell by what they are doing ...
Continue reading »
Washington ( CNN ) --
Senate leaders have reached a tentative deal to extend the first - time homebuyers ' tax credit that was originally passed earlier this year as part of the stimulus bill , Republican and Democratic sources told CNN on Wednesday .
The agreement would extend and expand the credit to include current homeowners who want to move , according to the sources .
The original credit in the stimulus bill is set to expire at the end of November and offers a tax credit of $ 8,000 to first - time homebuyers .
Senate sources told CNN they have tentatively agreed to extend that $ 8,000 credit for first - time buyers until the end of April .
In addition , they are adding a $ 6,500 credit for some current homeowners who buy a new residence by then .
To qualify , current homeowners must have lived in their primary residence for five continuous years .
Senators have not agreed on how the tentative deal would come up for a vote , but sources from both parties said they are considering adding the housing credit to a bill that would extend unemployment benefits .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has indicated she also is interested in extending the homeowner credit , but House leaders have yet to endorse any one bill .
CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash and Lisa Desjardins contributed to this story .
Study : Obama better at bending Congress than Lyndon Johnson
According to Congressional Quarterly , President Obama " did better even than legendary arm - twister Lyndon Johnson in winning congressional votes on issues where he took a position . "
That is to say , if Obama told Congress he wanted X , Congress was more likely to give him X than any president in the past 60 years .
On the one hand , you could take this as evidence that Obama is an awesome president .
But I 'd say it 's a bit more complex than that .
You 're seeing the triumph of three things here .
First , an uncommonly large Democratic majority .
Second , a long - standing historical trend toward party discipline .
And third , the White House 's relentless strategy of focusing on what it can pass rather than what it thinks is needed .
The first two are fairly self - explanatory .
It 's easier for Obama to get what he wants because his party controls a lot of seats in Congress -- including 60 in the Senate , which has n't happened since Carter .
Moreover , 60 Democratic votes today are more useful to the president than 60 Democratic votes would 've been in 1970 .
The modern Democratic Party is n't split by Dixiecrats upholding a conservative , racist agenda underneath the Democratic banner .
That realignment has also made for more party discipline :
The fact that the party basically agrees means it 's easier for the leadership to get all the members to do basically the same thing .
The third is a bit more complex .
Obama has pursued a very ambitious legislative agenda , but not a very ambitious ideological agenda .
Compared with the health - care reform bills favored by Bill Clinton , Richard Nixon or Lyndon Johnson , Obama 's reform package was modest and compromised .
It relied on the private market , left 90 percent of Americans totally alone and did n't attempt to wage any ideological battles over what American health - care insurance should look like .
Health - care reform is probably too generous a term for it .
It was more of a health - care expansion .
Similarly , the stimulus was necessary , but far too small .
Financial regulation looks like it will be terribly compromised .
Obama 's win-loss record is partially a function of refusing to take on fights he does n't think himself capable of winning .
That 's probably a good thing , though you could also argue that aiming for the center of the congressional consensus means you start with legislation that 's insufficient to the scale of the problem and end with something even less adequate than that .
Johnson is remembered as a giant because he was good at getting Congress to do things it did n't necessarily want to do .
Obama 's genius has been to recognize what Congress was willing to do and build an agenda around those items .
The byproduct of this " congressionalist " strategy has been that it 's forced people to look squarely at the dysfunctions of the legislative branch .
The Obama administration has largely inhabited the presidency 's traditional role on domestic legislation , which is to express preferences but let Congress do the work .
That 's in stark contrast to recent presidents who have acted more like members of the congressional leadership and done more to dictate the precise contours of bills .
At this point , we 're watching a Congress that 's barely able to keep up with a legislative agenda that is still woefully far from what the country needs .
And the reason we 're seeing that clearly is in part because the Obama administration has gotten out of the way .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano did the rounds on the Sunday shows to address the botched Christmas bombing .
( Catch up on Wire coverage of the terror attempt here and here . )
She stressed the safety of air travel , and repeatedly said in an upbeat tone that " the system worked " and " everything happened that should have . "
Far from calming travelers , Napolitano 's line has rubbed many people the wrong way , giving administration critics something to latch on to .
Even on the air , interviewers gave her a tough time .
See Jake Tapper 's tough questioning on ABC News here , and CNN 's clip below .
Fire Her , says Jonah Goldberg at the National Review .
" That the attack was ' foiled ' by a bad detonator and some civilian passengers is proof , she claims , that her agency is doing everything right ...
If the White House wants to assure people that it takes the war on terror seriously ( a term Robert Gibbs used this morning by the way ) , they could start by firing this patenly unqualified hack . "
' The System ' Means Hoping That Bombs Fail to Go Off , Ed Morrissey flays Napolitano at Hot Air .
" Is that the actual system we put in place after 9/11 ?
Because if it is , a lot of heads need to roll , starting with the woman who believes that this near - miss represents a validation of the system . "
Heroic Passengers Are Not ' The System , ' writes T Blumer at Bizzy Blog .
" The only thing that ' worked ' is Jasper Schuringa , and he's the one person in the whole affair ( with an assist from the flight attendants and other passengers ) who is n't part of ' the system . ' "
It Worked , After It Didn't , says Tommy Christopher at Mediaite .
" She prefaced it all by saying ' Once this incident occurred , ' which is a lot like bragging about how well Trojans work after your girlfriend is pregnant . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
An Iraqi taxi driver may have been the source of the discredited claim that Saddam Hussein could unleash weapons of mass destruction within 45 minutes , a Tory MP claimed today .
Adam Holloway , a defence specialist , said MI6 obtained information indirectly from a taxi driver who had overheard two Iraqi military commanders talking about Saddam 's weapons .
The 45 - minute claim was a key feature of the dossier about Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction that was released by Tony Blair in September 2002 .
Blair published the information to bolster public support for war .
After the war the dossier became hugely controversial when it became clear that some of the information it contained was not true .
An inquiry headed by Lord Butler into the use of intelligence in the run-up to the war revealed that MI6 had subsequently accepted that some of its Iraqi sources were unreliable , but his report did not identify who they were .
Holloway , a former Grenadier Guardsman and television journalist who is now a member of the Commons defence committee , made his comments in a report he has written claiming that MI6 always had reservations about some of the information in the dossier but that these reservations were brushed aside when Downing Street was preparing it for publication .
In the report he wrote : " Under pressure from Downing Street to find anything to back up the WMD case , British intelligence was squeezing their agents in Iraq for information .
One agent did come up with something : the ' 45 minutes ' or something about missiles allegedly discussed in a high level Iraqi political meeting .
" But the provenance of this information was never questioned in detail until after the Iraq invasion , when it became apparent that something was wrong .
In the end it turned out that the information was not credible , it had originated from an émigré taxi driver on the Iraqi - Jordanian border , who had remembered an overheard a conversation in the back of his cab a full two years earlier .
" Indeed , in the intelligence analyst 's footnote to the report , it was flagged up that part of the report probably describing some missiles that the Iraqi government allegedly possessed was demonstrably untrue .
They verifiably did not exist .
" The footnote said it in black and white ink .
Despite this glaring factual inaccuracy , which under normal circumstances would have caused the reliability of the intelligence to be seriously questioned , the report was treated as reliable and went on to become one of the central planks of the dodgy dossier . "
The report was published today on the first defence website .
Holloway told the Guardian that he had not seen the intelligence report himself but that he had been told about it by two reliable sources .
He said that , although he was not clear whether the footnote related to suspect information about 45 minutes or about missiles or both , he was " 100 % certain " that it existed .
Sir John Chilcot , the chairman of the Iraq inquiry , said at the opening of this afternoon 's hearing that the Holloway allegations might be relevant to his investigation but that he would not be asking about them when he took evidence today from Sir John Scarlett , the former chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee .
The September dossier did not specify what weapons Iraq could deploy within 45 minutes .
Intelligence officials subsequently revealed that it was meant to be a reference to battlefield weapons , not long - range missiles .
But , when it was published , some British papers interpreted the dossier as meaning that British troops based in Cyprus would be vulnerable to an Iraqi attack .
At the time the government did not do anything to correct this error .
Melissa Bean , a Democrat of convenience -- the stench of corruption
After quite the unseemly kerfuffle from fully - owned bank subsidiary Melissa Bean -- with several of the most anti-working family Blue Dogs in tow ( think Walt Minnick , for example ) -- late last night the House finally agreed to H Res 956 , providing for debate on H.R. 4173 which reform - minded Democrats have designed to " provide for financial regulatory reform , to protect consumers and investors , to enhance Federal understanding of insurance issues , to regulate the over - the - counter derivatives , markets , " etc .
Bean said she would lead New Dem opposition to the rule ( 956 ) if her anti-regulatory , lobbyist - written crap did n't get included .
Between a compromise and enough New Dems telling the leadership that she was off her rocker and to ignore her , the vote came and the resolution passed 235 - 177 , only 7 Democrats ( a disgruntled progressive and half a dozen GOP - voting Blue Dogs , abandoning the party ) .
[ UPDATE : Some reports are circulating that the compromise was a bigger victory for the corrupt New Dems than originally thought .
]
So what 's driving the bankster - owned ConservaDems into the arms of the Republicans now ?
Their patrons are hysterical about Elizabeth Warren 's Consumer Financial Protection Agency , as well as their usual mania against state laws that are tougher than lax federal regulations .
Melissa Bean , one of the only House members in history to have passed the two - million dollar mark in thinly - veiled bribes from Wall Street , is pushing a pre-emption amendment that disallows aggressive state attorneys - general to go after Wall Street banks , regardless of the degree of criminality .
It failed in committee but she feels a bankster - greased axis of evil between the GOP , the Blue Dogs and the New Dems can triumph on the House floor .
Freshman Walt Minnick ( Blue Dog - ID ) has , with just half a term under his belt , already scooped up an eye - popping $ 170,453 in legalistic bribes from Wall Street and is demanding that the CFPA be aborted , something he pushed , unsuccessfully , in committee .
The vote on the final bill will be tomorrow but a coalition of Republicans and the worst of the Blue Dogs and New Dems defeated many of the most important regulations in the bill in a series of disastrous floor battles this evening .
According to AP " a bipartisan coalition in the House voted late Thursday to make it easier for corporations to engage in complex derivatives trades without government restrictions , eroding the reach of proposed regulations to govern Wall Street .
Democratic attempts to toughen the legislation failed .
" Tomorrow Minnick and his bankster - owned allies will try again to kill an independent Consumer Finance Protection Agency .
Progressives are being encouraged to defeat the overall bill if it is gutted by the conservatives .
I might add that defeating Blue Dogs like Walt Minnick should also be a priority .
Keep in mind that every dollar you donate to the DCCC goes to prop up unpopular reactionaries like Minnick , Bright , Childers , Shuler , Griffith , etc .
Every dollar you give at Bad Dogs goes to defeating them .
Republicans and their Blue Dog allies barked up a storm in their froth to kill Elizabeth Warren 's Consumer Financial Protection Agency to protect ordinary consumers against financial predators .
But to no avail ,
In the end , progressives won the day and Minnick 's horrible amendment failed 208 - 223 .
Thirty - three disgraceful excuses for Democrats crossed the aisle , their pockets bulging with bankster bribes , to vote with the Republicans against American families struggling against powerful Wall Street predators .
A couple of outliers and all the regular suspects who we 've come to expect to vote with the GOP did just that : John Barrow ( Blue Dog - GA ) Marion Berry ( Blue Dog - AR ) Sanford Bishop ( Blue Dog - GA ) Dan Boren ( Blue Dog - OK ) Rick Boucher ( VA ) Allen Boyd ( Blue Dog - FL ) Bobby Bright ( Blue Dog - AL ) Ben Chandler ( Blue Dog - KY ) Travis Childers ( Blue Dog - MS ) Jim Costa ( Blue Dog - CA ) Henry Cuellar ( Blue Dog - TX ) Lincoln Davis ( Blue Dog - TN ) Parker Griffith ( Blue Dog - AL ) Baron Hill ( Blue Dog - IN ) Ann Kirkpatrick ( AZ ) Frank Kratovil ( Blue Dog - MD ) Betsy Markey ( CO ) Jim Marshall ( Blue Dog - GA ) Eric Massa ( NY ) Jim Matheson ( Blue Dog - UT ) Mike McIntyre ( Blue Dog -NC ) Charlie Melancon ( Blue Dog - LA ) Walt Minnick ( Blue Dog - ID ) Harry Mitchell ( Blue Dog - AZ ) Solomon Ortiz ( TX ) Ciro Rodriguez ( TX ) Mike Ross ( Blue Dog - AR ) Heath Shuler ( Blue Dog - NC ) Ike Skelton ( MO ) Zack Space ( Blue Dog - OH ) Gene Taylor ( Blue Dog - MS ) Harry Teague ( NM ) In the end the reform bill , somewhat watered down by Wall Street lobbyists and their bought - off shills ( the whole GOP and most Blue Dogs ) , passed 223-202 , twenty - four ConservaDems (+ Marcy Kaptur , Eric Massa and Dennis Kucinich who said the bill is n't strong enough ) voted with the entire GOP against reform .
Looks like Perriello voted against it for the " right " reasons as well .
This is a statement his office just issued .
The title , " In Break from Party , Perriello Opposes Financial ' Regulation ' Bill , " is suspicious and makes one wonder if he wants it both ways politically .
" This bill does n't do enough to protect community banks that provide crucial credit to our small businesses , while still allowing loopholes for the biggest players that are large enough to drive the next economic meltdown through .
While this started as a genuine effort , once again , both parties allowed the Wall Street - Washington alliance to keep Main Street at risk and out of the game .
It ’s time for common - sense accountability and a refocus on our Virginia businesses . ”
Labels : banksters , Barney Frank , federal regulatory agencies , Melissa Bean
Any time Sandy Snarski read a sad story in the newspaper , it was difficult for her to sleep that night .
Her husband would sometimes tear out the tales of tragedy before she had a chance to see them .
So it makes sense that she would respond to an unusual plea in The Milwaukee Journal in December 1969 from the Lauerman family .
They needed lots of breast milk for a baby boy , Michael , who could n't thrive because he was unable to digest anything else .
Dozens of women came forward , but Sandy was the superstar of lactation .
She fed Michael directly from her own breasts almost every day for more than a year , which helped save the boy 's life and forged a lasting friendship between the two families .
" The phrase ' Got milk ? ' takes on a whole new meaning when I think of Sandy Snarski .
I prefer to use the phrase ' Got kindness ? ' when I think of this classy and selfless person , " said Tina Parr , Michael 's sister .
She contacted the newspaper this week to say that Sandy had died .
" I just want her remembered for all she 's done , " said Tina , a schoolteacher who lives in West Allis .
Michael was fine until he was about 6 months old .
One day his mother , Pat Lauerman , read an article in Family Circle magazine about milk allergy .
She contacted an Illinois doctor quoted in the article .
He found that Michael had a cow 's milk allergy and digestive tract deficiency , and he told her to feed the baby nothing but breast milk .
Pat was pregnant again and not producing as much milk .
So her husband at the time , Michael Sr. , wrote to Mrs. Griggs - that 's Ione Quinby Griggs , the advice columnist in the Journal 's late , great Green Sheet section .
Mrs. Griggs spread the news , and the Lauermans ' phone started ringing .
They would drive around and pick up frozen breast milk from total strangers , once even stopping at a tavern to make the connection .
They needed about 42 ounces a day .
Sandy volunteered to help .
She had a baby at home whom she was breast feeding , but she had excess production to share .
She would come from Greenfield to the Lauerman home near 52nd St. and Forest Home Ave. , or sometimes the baby would be brought to her .
By age 3 , Michael grew out of his condition and could eat a regular diet .
Sandy was part of the family by then .
Mrs. Griggs kept in touch with the Lauermans and wrote several updates on the boy in her column , the last time in 1981 .
" The adequate supply of breast milk from area mothers saved his life , according to the doctor , " she shared with readers .
" The baby of years ago , now 12 , is a healthy , good - looking , bright and talented boy , 5 - feet - 9 - inches tall .
He is musical and plays the organ in his church . "
His story turns sad .
In the early 1990s , Michael was stabbed multiple times by a robber and suffered years of pain .
He died of an accidental overdose of morphine in 1995 .
He was 25 .
Sandy was a friend to him throughout the ordeal , and she was there to comfort
Pat when he died .
She again was a rock for Pat when her younger son , Gregory , took his own life in 1996 , and when Pat battled cancer and lost a leg to diabetes in recent years .
" She was always the sister I did n't have .
She was a bosom buddy , literally , " Pat said .
" There 's not enough people like her in this world , I can tell you that . "
Pat , who still lives on Milwaukee 's south side , repaid Sandy 's kindness by serving as a nanny for Sandy 's grandchildren for six years .
Sandy was diagnosed with cancer in May .
She died last Thursday at age 72 .
During a memorial service Tuesday at Boerner Botanical Gardens , she was remembered as the heart of the family and a wonderful mother and grandmother .
For Sandy , heaven on earth was a hot summer day and a backyard pool full of kids .
That 's what her son , Ken Schaufelberger , told the overflow crowd .
" She was the most positive lady I ever met , " Ken , a surgeon living in Neenah , told me .
" She made friends with everybody because she always put everybody else in front of herself . "
And , 40 years ago , that included a sick little boy and his family .
Call Jim Stingl at ( 414 ) 224-2017 or e-mail at jstingl@journalsentinel.com
A senior Philippines official says martial law has been imposed in the southern province of Maguindanao , where 57 people were killed last week in the country 's worst election - related violence .
The government suspended civil rights in the province , Executive Secretary Eduardo Ermita told reporters , the first time in 28 years such a drastic measure had been imposed anywhere in the country .
Mr Ermita , reading a proclamation by President Gloria Arroyo , said the president had the authority to call in the military to suppress rebellion and protect civilians .
He added the declaration was made after the government received reports there were armed groups massing in the area to launch drastic action after a local mayor was arrested in connection with the massacre of members of a rival political clan , civilians and 30 journalists on November 23 .
The patriarch of the powerful political family , Datu Andal Ampatuan , and his governor son were taken into military custody after he and several members of his clan were linked to the murders , said General Victor Ibrado , head of the armed forces .
Another son , the local mayor , was already in custody .
- Reuters
Mail to
Che cos ’è la legge ?
A Le Storie - Diario Italiano , Corrado Augias presenta una lezione sul Diritto con il costituzionalista Gustavo Zagrebelsky
[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]
The movement Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) inspired continues to ripple across the landscape .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Paul - inspired candidates make impact
It ’s been over a year since Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) energized libertarians with his presidential candidacy , but the movement he inspired continues to ripple across the landscape .
In at least a handful of House , Senate and gubernatorial contests across the country , former Paul supporters have emerged as credible contenders — or possible spoilers — ensuring that his message , once relegated to the fringes of Republican politics , continues to be heard .
Advertisement
Paul began the 2008 presidential campaign as an afterthought but quickly won the attention of a previously dismissive GOP establishment and news media by generating intense grass - roots and online support .
He raised a stunning $ 35 million , largely through the Internet , and set a single - day fundraising record by hauling in $ 6 million in December 2007 .
While he never finished better than a distant second , his supporters remained loyal to him throughout the campaign and Paul even briefly considered a third - party run in the general election .
Now , those supporters are running for office themselves .
Paul ’s son Rand is running competitively in the Kentucky Senate race to succeed Republican Jim Bunning , even though the GOP establishment has lined up behind Secretary of State Trey Grayson .
Peter Schiff , an economic adviser to Paul ’s presidential campaign , has raised $ 1 million in his bid to win the Republican nomination against Sen.
Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) .
In Texas , a Ron Paul acolyte could have a decisive impact in the Republican gubernatorial primary between incumbent Rick Perry and Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison .
In California , a businessman who backed Paul ’s presidential campaign has emerged as a serious contender against Rep. Jerry McNerney ( D - Calif. ) , who is a top GOP target .
In total , Paul ’s political action committee — the Liberty PAC — will be unveiling a slate of 10 endorsed candidates this fall and is currently in the process of interviewing candidates to determine their electability .
“ We ’re looking for viable candidates to run in Democratic - held seats and open seats , ” said Jesse Benton , former spokesman for Paul ’s presidential campaign and vice president of the Campaign for Liberty .
“ We need people that are viable and principled so they can come to Washington and stand up for liberty . ”
So far , the Republican establishment is not embracing the Paul contingent .
But it may not matter .
By drawing on the successful grass - roots fundraising techniques employed by Paul , several of the candidates are raising enough cash on their own to ensure their viability .
Supporters of Rand Paul and Schiff have held “ money - bomb ” events that have raised eye - popping one - day fundraising totals and earned the candidates invaluable free media .
Schiff reported raising $ 1.02 million since launching his exploratory committee — without even mailing out a single fundraising letter .
Rand Paul has raised more than $ 924,000 , and his supporters held another money - bomb event Wednesday to protest a Washington fundraiser that National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman John Cornyn of Texas and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky are headlining for Grayson this week .
Paul ’s strong fundraising raises the possibility that he ’ll actually have more money to spend at the end of the second quarter than Grayson , a statewide - elected officeholder .
“ For me to run a statewide race without my dad ’s legacy and his national movement would be very hard , ” said Rand Paul .
“ That does n’t win me the race , but that opens the door — when most people ca n’t get the door open . ”
Paul said his message is resonating in Kentucky and that activists are realizing that his support for a balanced budget , his enthusiastic support of the tea party protest movement and his opposition to government bailouts are n’t that different from the issues that motivate the GOP base .
In Connecticut , Schiff ’s road is considerably tougher .
An investment analyst who gained acclaim for predicting the economic downturn earlier than most experts , Schiff has lived in Connecticut for only the past five years — and failed to register to vote in any elections .
In a state where the nomination process puts great weight on winning over party activists — most candidates qualify for the ballot by winning 15 percent of support from delegates at a party convention —
Schiff is at a disadvantage .
Still , Schiff has managed to attract considerable statewide and national attention for his Senate campaign .
“ What we lack in relationships with the establishment , we ’ll make up for that with our thinking and intelligence and our ability to tell voters unpleasant truths , ” said Andrew Schiff , the candidate ’s brother and campaign adviser .
While Peter Schiff has the money to hire an experienced campaign team , he ’s shied away from that approach .
Andrew Schiff said that when his brother first formed an exploratory committee , he put together a team of Washington - based consultants to help hone his campaign message .
When they expressed doubt about the political viability of his libertarian message , Schiff let them all go .
“ We decided we did n’t want to be put in a standard box , and Peter was n’t impressed with their ideas and how they wanted to sell him , ” said Andrew Schiff .
“ The guys in D.C. wanted to spend lots of money , and we saw how the game was played and how they got their money .
It left a bad taste in our mouth , and we moved on . ”
Despite serving as the wellspring of the various candidacies , Ron Paul himself has n’t played a central role in the campaigns .
Andrew Schiff noted that , despite serving as an economic adviser for his presidential campaign , Peter Schiff rarely speaks to Ron Paul .
Schiff headlined a fundraiser for Rand Paul ’s Senate campaign , but Andrew Schiff said , “ It ’s not like we ’re talking to Ron Paul or anyone from his organization other than an occasional , ‘ How you doing ? ’ ”
The former presidential candidate and congressman , though , has lent his support to Debra Medina , a longtime supporter in his congressional district who is running for the Texas governorship .
Medina , the Wharton County Republican Party chairwoman , served on the board of directors of Campaign for Liberty and has been a regular at many tea party protests throughout the state .
While she placed a distant third in a recent Rasmussen Reports poll , the 3 percent of the vote she is winning could prove to be the difference - maker in the tight GOP primary between Perry and Hutchison .
Paul wrote a glowing letter to his supporters this month on behalf of Medina , stopping just short of an endorsement .
“ I am proud to call Debra Medina a friend , and as a fellow Texan , I encourage you to get to know her , ” Paul wrote .
“ I am sure we will look to Debra for leadership in my community and across our state for many years to come . ”
In California , businessman and former Ron Paul donor Jon del Arroz has a much better shot at winning the GOP House nomination in the 11th District .
He ended June with more than $ 276,000 in the bank — more than any other Republican contender in the district — and is being taken seriously by Republican officials .
“ I really liked the fact that [ Ron Paul ] stood for keeping government out of business , out of Americans ’ lives in general — which is what the Republican Party has always been about , ” said del Arroz .
“ I ’ve noticed the trend to more government control coming down from Washington , and I want to make a difference . ”
( CNN ) -- The White House responded forcefully Wednesday to former Vice President Dick Cheney 's criticism of President Obama 's response to the botched terror attack on Christmas Day .
" It is telling that Vice President Cheney and others seem to be more focused on criticizing the Administration than condemning the attackers , " White House Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer wrote on the official White House blog .
" Unfortunately too many are engaged in the typical Washington game of pointing fingers and making political hay , instead of working together to find solutions to make our country safer . "
Nigerian suspect Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , 23 , is accused of trying to blow up the Northwest Airlines plane with explosives that had been concealed in his underwear .
He is charged with attempting to destroy an aircraft .
The militant group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has claimed responsibility for the plot .
Pfeiffer 's response came hours after Cheney , in his first statement on the failed bombing , said the administration 's response was proof that Obama " is trying to pretend we are not at war . "
" He seems to think if he gives terrorists the rights of Americans , lets them lawyer up and reads them their Miranda rights , we wo n't be at war , " Cheney said in the statement .
" He seems to think if we bring the mastermind of 9/11 to New York , give him a lawyer and trial in civilian court , we wo n't be at war .
He seems to think if he closes Guantanamo and releases the hard - core al Qaeda - trained terrorists still there , we wo n't be at war . "
Cheney also said Obama outwardly " pretends we are n't [ at war ] , " and the former vice president repeated his months - long criticism that the new president has made America " less safe . "
" Why does n't he want to admit we 're at war ? "
Cheney asked .
" It does n't fit with the view of the world he brought with him to the Oval Office .
It does n't fit with what seems to be the goal of his presidency : social transformation , the restructuring of American society . "
In his blog posting , Pfeiffer criticized the Bush - Cheney strategy of focusing the war on terror on Iraq .
" For seven years after 9/11 , while our national security was overwhelmingly focused on Iraq -- a country that had no al Qaeda presence before our invasion -- Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda 's leadership was able to set up camp in the border region of Pakistan and Afghanistan , where they continued to plot attacks against the United States , " Pfeiffer wrote .
" Meanwhile , al Qaeda also regenerated in places like Yemen and Somalia , establishing new safe - havens that have grown over a period of years , " Pfeiffer continued .
" It was President Obama who finally implemented a strategy of winding down the war in Iraq , and actually focusing our resources on the war against al Qaeda . "
By doubling U.S. troops in Afghanistan and building partnerships to target al Qaeda 's safe havens in Yemen and Somalia , Obama has achieved results to make the nation safer , Pfeiffer argued .
" Seven years of bellicose rhetoric failed to reduce the threat from al Qaeda and succeeded in dividing this country , " Pfeiffer said .
" And it seems strangely off - key now , at a time when our country is under attack , for the architect of those policies to be attacking the president . "
Pfeiffer also took issue with Cheney 's contention that Obama was pretending no U.S. war with terrorists existed , saying the president and members of his administration have referred to being at war with al Qaeda several times .
" The difference is this : President Obama does n't need to beat his chest to prove it , and -- unlike the last Administration -- we are not at war with a tactic ( " terrorism " ) , we at war with something that is tangible : al Qaeda and its violent extremist allies , " Pfeiffer wrote .
Cheney 's comments were his latest criticisms of the new administration .
He previously declared that Obama has put the country 's security at an elevated level of risk as a result of a string of national security decisions that largely were at odds with Bush administration practices .
The former vice president 's forceful critique of Obama has been praised by the political right , leading the conservative publication Human Events to award him the title of " Conservative of the Year . "
Cheney 's statements also echo those of congressional Republicans who have criticized Obama 's response to the terrorist attempt .
Democrats note that Bush was not subjected to criticisms from either Democrats or the media when he waited six days to respond to Richard Reid 's attempted shoe - bombing of an airplane on December 22 , 2001 .
Like Obama , Bush was on vacation when that botched attack occurred .
GOP members of Congress have also sharply questioned how AbdulMutallab could fly in the first place after his own father had warned U.S. intelligence authorities that his son was possibly under the influence of religious extremists .
Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan , the top Republican on the House Homeland Security Committee , said the White House is n't sharing information .
Meanwhile , Republican Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina , whom Democrats blame for holding up the confirmation of Obama 's nominee to head the Transportation Security Administration , said the new administration has " downplayed terrorism . "
Responding to the criticism , Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chairman Chris Van Hollen said in a statement to CNN that Republicans have become " out of touch in their efforts to score political points " off the failed bombing attempt .
The tools of his trade were simple enough ; he made calls to banks from an internet cafe , putting on different accents to bamboozle staff , who believed he was an executive seeking an extension for an overdraft .
But for Frageand Nassem , that was all he needed to commit remarkable fraud .
Over four years , the 32 - year - old managed to swindle £ 8.2 m out of high street banks , adopting Scottish , Pakistani and other voices as he impersonated executives and bank managers .
Using information he gleaned from Companies House , he tricked banking giants , including HSBC and RBS , to transfer funds from accounts with existing clients into accounts he'd set up for himself using bogus details .
And then the money disappeared .
Where it went , or what it was spent on , remains a mystery to this day .
Nassem , from Edinburgh , took such delight in his tricks that he'd call his victims afterwards and laugh at them – having made sure that he'd left no tracks for the banks to follow .
He was eventually caught when he attempted an even more outrageous fraud – he tricked foreign currency traders at RBS to use an account run by the Bank of Korea to buy $ 170 m .
But he was unable to unlock the cash for himself after he failed to find a way of opening a dollar account to access the funds .
For a man with such an ingenious criminal mind , he was caught out by the simplest of mistakes – he rang his mum from a phone he used to dupe the banks .
Yesterday Nassem was jailed for nine years at Croydon crown court and was warned by Judge Stowe that he faced a further 10 years inside unless he revealed exactly what he has done with the money he stole .
Police described him as a " smart , articulate and arrogant young man " who understood the inner working of international banks and how they could be defrauded of funds .
The long term and often subtle methods he used to extract small amounts of information were " extraordinary " .
Detectives strongly suspect he was responsible for a series of other similar frauds .
But though police said yesterday they were delighted to have caught Nassem , they still have no idea where the cash has gone .
He spent little of the money on himself .
He maintained a five - bedroom house in Livingston , Scotland and leased a Range Rover , but there was little evidence of a lavish lifestyle .
Millions of pounds remain unaccounted for , the police said , mostly , it is believed , in foreign bank accounts .
Speaking after the verdict , Superintendent Colin Cowan of the City of London Police said : " I am very pleased to see the level of sentence given to Nassem .
It shows once again that fraud is a serious crime with serious consequences . "
Nassem was arrested in Edinburgh in 2006 by City of London Police and charged with four major frauds .
He was traced to an internet cafe , which had been identified as the source of a number of emails relating to the frauds .
When searched he was found in possession of a mobile phone that had been used to contact another bank he was targeting , and a notebook containing contact details for staff at that company .
After his arrest he told officers he was mentally ill .
While on remand he was seen by several psychiatrists and for more than two years considered too ill to stand trial .
His defence team argued he suffered from paranoid schizophrenia .
But a decision by the crown prosecution service to press ahead with the trial was backed by Judge Stowe , who said he was faking his illness and had held up the trial by his " stalling " .
City of London Police , which take the lead in investigations of financial crime , especially when it affects banks , said : " Nassem was so convincing with his use of a range of accents and his persistent nature that he hoodwinked staff in several banks into believing he was calling from the client company .
" He was also known to call back and laugh at them down the phone once he had stolen the funds .
" His downfall came about because he made two key mistakes : he could n't resist calling his mum from his criminal phone and he used his library card to access an internet cafe . "
Most of us look for the the basics in a chair , things like ergonomic design , cushy padding and durable arm rests .
But some intrepid designers look beyond to more eccentric ideas .
Sure , not every designer chair makes for the most comfortable seating , but they ’re all a bit more interesting than the average L - shape on legs .
It hardly shrieks of billion - dollar glamour .
The US nerve centre of the world 's largest retailer , Wal - Mart , consists of a collection of low - slung prefabricated buildings along a four - lane highway in north - western Arkansas .
Wal - Mart 's head office is hundreds of miles from the nearest big city .
It is n't even handy for the state capital , Little Rock , which is three and half hours ' drive away .
But hopeful merchants beat a path from all corners of the world to hawk their wares here , in a series of bare Perspex rooms along a " supplier corridor " .
Staff work in spartan cubicles and reminders of the retailer 's low - cost culture are constant – in an employee lounge an honesty box invites payment for tea and coffee with a blunt message : " Drinks are not free . "
It was nearby , in the main square of the modest town of Bentonville , that Wal - Mart 's founder , Sam Walton , opened a discount store , Walton 's Five and Dime , in 1951 .
That shop , now a museum , helped spawn a retail empire that spans 8,100 stores in 15 countries generating $ 401bn ( £ 248 bn ) of revenue annually .
With a market capitalisation of $ 210bn , Wal - Mart is worth as much as the gross domestic product of Nigeria .
Four of America 's 10 richest individuals are from Wal - Mart 's low - profile Walton family , which still owns a 40 % controlling stake .
The company 's portfolio ranges from superstores in the US to neighbourhood markets in Brazil , bodegas in Mexico , the Asda supermarket chain in Britain and Japan 's nationwide network of Seiyu shops .
Wal - Mart gets many of its products from low - cost Chinese suppliers .
The pressure group China Labour Watch estimates that if it were a country , Wal - Mart would rank as China 's seventh largest trading partner , just ahead of the UK , spending more than $ 18bn annually on Chinese goods .
A Wal - Mart store in Beijing .
Photo : Getty
Perhaps more than any other firm in America , Wal - Mart divides opinion .
Unions loathe its relentless downward pressure on wages and its refusal to allow workers to organise .
The company has been accused of unfair treatment of older , more expensive , employees .
It is facing one of America 's largest class - action lawsuits alleging wage discrimination against women and its hypermarkets are routinely blamed for squeezing small shops out of business .
" This is a company with a record of exploitation , " says Jill Cashen , spokeswoman for a pan-union campaign group , Wake Up Wal - Mart .
" They have not shared their wealth .
When you spend your money at Wal - Mart , you 're contributing to the wealth of one very rich family and not very many other people . "
In reply , Wal - Mart 's executives say the company is " saving people money so they can live better " .
They trumpet the availability of Wrangler jeans for $ 11.50 , laptops for $ 298 and even an entire Thanksgiving turkey dinner for eight people at $ 20 .
Wal - Mart maintains that it is on the side of hard - working families who need to save every penny they can – and the company intends to spread this message globally .
Wal - Mart spent $ 4.1bn on international expansion in the year to January 2009 , and intends to spend between $ 4.2bn and $ 4.4bn in the current fiscal year , excluding acquisitions .
About a quarter of its sales are outside the US .
But oddly , few of its foreign customers are aware that they are shopping at an American multinational .
Unhappy early experiences outside American shores have prompted an outbreak of new thinking at Wal - Mart .
The company has embraced something of a " stealth " approach to growth .
Its stores are emblazoned with an array of different names around the world – Maxibodega in Costa Rica , Todo Dia in Brazil , Despensa Familiar in Honduras and the awkward - sounding Best Price Modern Wholesale in India .
" We learned very early in the process that you simply can't take a superstore in the US , pull it out of the ground and plant it in another country and expect that to be a successful strategy , " says Mitch Slape , Wal - Mart 's head of international business development .
During earlier decades , the firm 's approach to expansion was simple .
It built US - style out - of - town discounting superstores around the world and expected shoppers to flock there for bargains .
But this did n't always work .
Travel patterns , family roles and shopping habits vary .
Ventures into Germany and South Korea came to a sticky end with expensive exits in 2006 .
Under the new approach , the " front end " of Wal - Mart 's stores can look like enlarged family - run convenience stores .
The contents , to some extent , are locally focused .
Chinese stores offer live crustaceans , while south American outlets are heavy on spicy beans .
But the " back end " is a duplicate of the US model .
" From the customer point of view , it might appear to be a certain brand , " says Slape .
" But everything that is ' back of house ' – systems , processes , buying – we can leverage a lot of that globally . "
Part of its pluralistic new approach comes from experience in Britain , where Wal - Mart bought Asda for £ 6.7bn a decade ago .
The chain has been a moderate success , delivering consistent results , but Wal - Mart has been frustrated in its efforts to expand .
Frustrated , Wal - Mart 's former chief executive Lee Scott , who retired this year to make way for new incumbent Mike Duke , reportedly pondered a complete exit from the UK – but ultimately opted to stay put .
Insiders say that competing in Britain 's feverishly competitive supermarket industry has taught Wal - Mart a good deal .
Asda is now something of a centre for excellence for its global grocery sales .
The head of global marketing for Wal - Mart is based at Asda 's head office in Leeds .
And , in an example of Wal - Mart 's global distribution muscle , the Wall Street Journal recently reported that the best - selling wine in the whole of Japan is an own - label Asda Bordeaux .
Britain is Wal - Mart 's fourth - largest overseas chain , with 368 Asda outlets , behind Mexico 's 1,322 stores , Brazil 's 373 sites and Japan 's 371 shops .
All are dwarfed by the 4,200 - strong network of Wal - Marts in the US .
Smaller territories include Canada with 313 stores , China at 266 and a newly acquired 238 - strong chain in Chile .
Russia and India are next in line for focus and Wal - Mart wo n't be taking half measures – the company only bothers to enter a market if it thinks it can be one of the top few players .
" It 's important for us to be in one of the top three positions , " says Wan Ling Martello , chief financial officer of Wal - Mart 's international operation .
" We have to have scale – otherwise it does n't quite make sense . "
That scale gives Wal - Mart muscle – and it is this brawn that , in the eyes of critics , can give it an unpleasantly bullying demeanour .
At the very centre of the company 's business model is a constant effort to drive down costs to an absolute minimum .
Every pound , penny and tenth of a penny per unit of stock turns into millions in a firm of Wal - Mart 's size .
" With the scale the company has , the economies of scale it can command , it basically extracts every last nickel out of its suppliers , " says Michael Bride , deputy overseas organising director at the United Food & Commercial Workers Union in Washington .
" If you 're a Chinese supplier and Wal - Mart is pressing you down , you probably can't go and negotiate your electricity rates or your rent down .
But you can cut costs when it comes to labour . "
An investigation of five factories supplying Wal - Mart by China Labour Watch found " illegal and degrading conditions " according to a report released in November by the New York - based human rights group .
At one plant in Dongguan , which supplies candles and Christmas tree lights , it found that workers were required to work 24 - hour overtime shifts during busy periods and painted a bleak picture of pay as low as 44 cents ( 27 p ) an hour , bathrooms without running water and unsanitary canteens .
Although Wal - Mart uses independent auditors to check on ethics at its suppliers , the group found evidence of workers being obliged to sign false pay receipts .
Wal - Mart responded to the report by saying it had begun an immediate inquiry into the factories :
" We take reports like this very seriously and we will take prompt remedial action if our investigations confirm any of the findings . "
While imbued with an innate conservatism by its founding family , Wal - Mart moved in recent years to introduce higher environmental standards .
As of 2007 , it says it succeeded in cutting the amount of waste it sent to landfills by 55 % .
Wal - Mart also wants to be 100 % driven by renewable power and recently said that it was purchasing sufficient wind energy in Texas to account for 15 % of its electricity in the US .
Under a newly launched " sustainability index , " Wal - Mart 's suppliers must report to the company on their greenhouse gas emissions , waste reduction initiatives and ethical sourcing .
The company is working towards a labelling system to inform customers of the sustainability of each and every product .
Matt Kistler , Wal - Mart 's senior vice - president for sustainability , says saving on waste is a no- brainer : " At first it was a little bit of a reaction to the negative pressures as a company we 'd been receiving .
But very early on , from day two , there was a tremendous appetite not only from an environmental point of view but from a business point of view to do what we 're doing . "
Yet even these efforts , argue critics , are modest in the context of larger questions over the globalisation of Wal - Mart 's business .
Wake Up Wal - Mart campaigner , Jill Cashen , says : " It 's one thing to bring in a product , ship it from the other side of the planet and stick a label on it telling customers it 's sustainable .
How much greener would it be if it was produced within 100 miles of where it was sold ? "
In North America , Wal - Mart is unashamedly anti-union .
When , in a rare case in 2005 , workers at a Quebecois Wal - Mart store voted in favour of collective representation , Wal - Mart simply shut it down .
The case went to Canada 's supreme court , which last month accepted Wal - Mart 's explanation that the location was unprofitable .
Overseas , Wal - Mart has proved more flexible – it has worked with unions in Argentina , Brazil and in China , in accordance with local laws .
But there are still strong reservations in the public mind about the way Wal - Mart does business .
Back in Arkansas , the Walton family are taking a stab at posterity through the construction of an impressive $ 50 m glass and wood art gallery , Crystal Bridges .
Designed by an acclaimed Israeli architect , Moshe Safdie , the 100,000 sq ft ( 10,000 sq metre ) complex is bankrolled by Sam Walton 's daughter , Alice , and is intended to put Bentonville on the cultural map with a collection of American art from colonial times to the present .
But even on Wal - Mart 's home turf , visitors are far from unanimous in their verdicts on the company .
" It 's a symbol of free enterprise – the success of the free enterprise system , " says John Niccum , a pensioner visiting Sam Walton 's original Five and Dime store , now a museum .
But Kay Heaton , an AT&T telecoms employee from Missouri , is dubious : " It 's beating the heck out of the little man .
It kills the little guy who offers an independent service , from an independent business . "
Founding father
Samuel Moore Walton , the founder of Wal - Mart , was born on 29 March 1918 on a farm in Oklahoma .
His father moved the family from town to town in the 1920s after quitting farming and becoming a mortgage broker .
When the Great Depression hit in the 1930s , Walton took any job that was going to supplement the family income but eventually graduated from the University of Missouri in Columbia with a business degree .
Three days after leaving college , in 1940 , he joined JC Penney on the retailer 's management trainee scheme , where he picked up some of the traits that were to characterise his business life , including his penchant for " managing from the floor " .
He was paid $ 75 a month .
When the US entered the Second World War in 1942 , Walton joined the army intelligence corps and when fighting ended , he borrowed $ 20,000 from his father - in - law and used his own savings of $ 5,000 to buy a store in Newport , Arkansas .
He quickly proved his business acumen by snapping up a women 's lingerie distributor two years later , when rayon women 's underwear was becoming all the rage .
Walton had to sell his Newport store after failing to renew the lease , but he did not let the setback slow him down .
He snapped up another in Bentonville and renamed it Walton 's Five and Dime .
By the end of the Fifties he had more than a dozen stores across Arkansas , Missouri and Kansas .
But the first to be branded Wal - Mart – a name created by Walton 's assistant Bob Bogle – did not open until July 1962 in Rogers , Arkansas .
It was an instant hit but the second , launched two years later , nearly ended in disaster .
Opening in a heatwave , the store soon reeked of manure from donkeys been hired for children 's rides .
The company officially incorporated as Walmart Stores in 1969 and the following year , Walton raised $ 5 m by taking the company public on the New York Stock Exchange .
The chain rapidly expanded in the 1970s and 1980s , opening its 1,000th store in 1987 , and Walton lived to see it overtake Sears in 1991 to become the largest retailer in the US .
He died in 1992 as the richest man in America , though he still drove a battered pick - up truck and made a habit of getting $ 5 haircuts .
Richard Wray
• This article was amended on Wednesday 13 January 2010 .
Wal - Mart has 266 stores in China , not Cuba as we said .
This has been corrected .
Video : Mini microscope
A small microscope that can be mounted on an animal ’s head should offer a front - row view of how its brain processes visual and other stimuli on the move .
A laser inside the device scans the activity of neurons through a tiny hole in the skull , made prior to the experiment under anaesthetic .
When the microscope was attached to freely moving rats looking at screens , it produced images of brain cells that had been labelled with a fluorescent dye .
Compared with previous methods – which require restraining animals and inserting electrodes – this technique is much less invasive , revealing brain activity in animals that are moving and interacting with their environment in a more natural way .
It was developed at the Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics in Tübingen , Germany .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0903680106
Despite the appearance of permanence that historic buildings create , many if not most of the worlds famous cities have been almost entirely destroyed either by war , property speculation or Ayn Randian architects .
They have been rebuilt , either as replicas ( Warsaw ) or even in the image of the culture that destroyed them ( Hiroshima ) .
Here are images where either we or others have matched up locations for incredible before and after shots .
Posted by David Galbraith
Follow @daveg
The three finalists focus on the Moon , Venus , or an asteroid The US space agency Nasa has selected three projects as finalists for its next celestial mission .
The projects aim to either probe the atmosphere and surface of Venus , return an asteroid fragment to Earth , or send back rocks from the Moon 's south pole .
The proposals are part of the New Frontiers programme , designed to carry out frequent , low - cost missions .
Nasa has provided funding for a fuller analysis of the projects , with a winner to be selected in mid-2011 .
The cost of the winning project must not exceed $ 650 m ( £ 410 m ) and must be ready to launch by the end of 2018 .
These limits are in keeping with the New Frontiers programme 's principles of funding focused , short - term , and comparatively cheap space science missions .
The three proposals are : The Surface and Atmosphere Geochemical Explorer , or Sage , would gather information about Venus ' atmosphere during the descent of a lander , which would then scratch at the planet 's surface to determine its chemical and mineral composition in detail .
The Origins Spectral Interpretation Resource Identification Security Regolith Explorer , or Osiris - Rex , would initially orbit an asteroid , landing on it to collect about 60g of material that would be returned to Earth .
The Lunar South Pole - Aitken Basin Sample Return Mission would land near the Moon 's southern pole , returning about a kilogram of material that scientists believe has risen from the moon 's interior to the surface .
Each team has been given $ 3.3 m ( £ 2.1 m ) to further flesh out the details of their proposals over the coming year .
" These are projects that inspire and excite young scientists , engineers and the public , " said Ed Weiler , associate administrator for Nasa 's Science Mission Directorate .
" These three proposals provide the best science value among eight submitted to Nasa this year . "
The proposal that is eventually chosen will form the third mission in the New Frontiers programme .
The first , New Horizons , was launched in 2006 and is bound for a Pluto fly - by in 2015 .
The second , dubbed Juno , will be the first craft to orbit Jupiter from pole to pole after it launches in August 2011 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Vom Mittelsee zum Mittelmeer Matthias Gräbner
Vor fünfeinhalb Millionen Jahren war das heutige Mittelmeer zum größten Teil Wüste , zum kleinen Teil ein Salzsee - bis der Atlantik mit katastrophaler Wucht wieder seine Wassermassen in das Becken schickte
Zum Ende des Pliozän , das ist nun sechs Milliarden Jahre her , vollzog sich ein Vorgang , der aus dem Mittelmeer für lange Zeit einen Mittelsee machen sollte : Die Straße von Gibraltar schloss sich , weil die iberische Halbinsel und ihr afrikanisches Gegenüber Zug um Zug auf Mittelgebirgs - Dimensionen wuchsen .
Forscher nennen diese Zeit die Messinische Salinitätskrise – nach der Stadt Messina , bei der erste Ablagerungen gefunden wurden , die auf diesen Vorgang hinwiesen .
Das ehemalige Mittelmeer muss man sich danach auf absehbare Zeit als trockenes , wüstenartiges Becken vorstellen .
Die Mündung des Nil lag zu dieser Zeit 2500 Meter unter dem heutigen Meeresspiegel , die der Rhone etwa 1000 Meter .
Was sich fünf Millionen Jahre später als Inselchen über dem Meer erhebt , war damals ein riesiger Berg mit alpiner Pflanzenwelt – Reste davon sind noch immer auf Korsika und Sardinien zu beobachten .
Die Wüste wurde nur durch Salzseen unterbrochen , deren Ablagerungen Wissenschaftler erst auf die Spur der Krise gebracht haben .
Immerhin erleichterten diese Verhältnisse die Migration von Afrika nach Europa und umgekehrt – Bootsflüchtlinge gab es damals noch nicht .
Rekonstruktion der Bucht von Gibraltar und des beinahe ausgetrockneten westlichen Mittelmeers zur Zeit der Megaflut vor 5,33 Millionen Jahren .
Bild : Roger Pibernat
Aber wie hat sich das Mittelmeer - Becken wieder gefüllt ?
Dass erneut tektonische Aktivitäten rund um die heutige Straße von Gibraltar dafür verantwortlich sein müssen , darüber ist sich die Wissenschaft weitgehend einig .
Aber wie hätte ein Beobachter den Prozess gesehen ?
Hätte er alle paar Jahre kommen müssen , um die Veränderungen überhaupt zu bemerken – oder staunte er , wie der chinesisch - stämmige Geologe Kenneth Hsü vermutete , über einen riesigen Wasserfall , gegen den die Niagarafälle - Fälle aussehen wie Spielzeugmodelle ?
Auf jeden Fall muss eine große Menge Wasser die Straße von Gibraltar herunter geflossen sein : die Mittelmeer - Ebene lag damals zwischen 1500 und 2700 Meter unter dem heutigen Meeresspiegel .
Der Zufluss - Querschnitt hingegen war sehr begrenzt : Die Straße von Gibraltar ist nur zwischen knapp 300 und 900 Meter tief .
Die Antwort darauf will nun ein europäisches Forscherteam gefunden haben , das seine Erkenntnisse in der aktuellen Ausgabe des Wissenschaftsmagazins Nature beschreibt .
Die Wissenschaftler werteten dazu seismische Messungen aus .
Diese zeigen , dass es in der heutigen Straße von Gibraltar einen sehr tiefen Einschnitt gegeben haben muss , wie er für die Wirkung schnell fließenden Wassers typisch ist ( man denke nur an den Grand Canyon , der ebenfalls vom Wasser geformt wurde ) .
Aus der Form dieses Einschnitts lässt sich nun dank bekannter Vorbilder berechnen , welche Kräfte da am Schalten gewesen sein müssen .
Daraus ergibt sich , so die Forscher , dass die Neubefüllung des Mittelmeers wohl in zwei Phasen vor sich gegangen sein muss .
Zunächst war der Zufluss demnach sehr flach – bei Wassertiefen von einem Meter dauert es geraume Zeit , bis sich deutliche Änderungen ergeben .
Ab einem bestimmten Punkt jedoch wächst der Zuflussgraben schneller und schneller , und je flotter seine Tiefe zunimmt , desto mehr Wasser führt er , das sich noch schneller seinen Weg gräbt .
In diesem ersten Abschnitt wächst die Wassermenge also exponentiell .
Der Wasserstand muss sich damals um bis zu zehn Meter pro Tag erhöht haben – wer zu diesem Zeitpunkt auf dem Transfer nach Afrika oder Europa war , musste sich plötzlich sehr beeilen .
Irgendwann war dann aber zunächst das westliche Becken des Mittelmeers voll .
Aus dessen Überlauf füllte sich nun das östliche Becken , bis sich die Wasserstände in beiden vereinten .
Was danach folgte , kennen Aquarienbesitzer :
Je mehr sich die Spiegel von Becken und Wassereimer angleichen , desto langsamer fließt das Nass .
Dennoch war der gesamte Vorgang selbst im Weltmaßstab betrachtet eine riesige Katastrophe .
Allein 500 Kubikkilometer
Fels muss das fließende Wasser damals erodiert haben .
Bis zu 100 Millionen Kubikmeter Wasser flossen pro Sekunde vom Atlantik ins Mittelmeer – oder besser : schossen , bei Wassergeschwindigkeiten von 40 Metern pro Sekunde .
Zum Vergleich : aus dem Amazonas fließen pro Sekunde etwa 150.000 Kubikmeter Wasser ins Meer .
Die Katastrophe muss sich damals enorm auf das Klima ausgewirkt haben – ihr Energietransfer entspricht etwa dem des Golfstroms .
Der von
Hsü proklamierte riesige Wasserfall dürfte jedoch nicht zu den örtlichen Attraktionen gezählt haben .
Die Wissenschaftler meinen , dass eher eine mehrere Kilometer breite Rampe mit einer Steigung von einem bis vier Prozent vom Atlantik ins Mittelmeerbecken geführt haben muss .
( Matthias Gräbner )
El c�nsul mexicano , Erasmo Mart�nez Mart�nez , report� que hubo un incremento de decesos de indocumentados en ese cruce fronterizo , la mayor �a de ellos mexicanos
RIESGOS
El consulado mexicano en McAllen dijo que los peligros para los migrantes son el r�o Bravo y la temperatura superior a los 38 grados cent�grados .
( Foto : Archivo / ELUNIVERSAL
)
Reynosa , Tamaulipas | Mi�rcoles 30 de diciembre de 2009
Notimex | El Universal
10:50
Scientists once thought of tool use as a defining feature of humans .
That 's until examples of tool use came in from other primates , along with birds and an array of other mammals .
Now , a report in the December 14th issue of Current Biology , a Cell Press publication , adds an octopus to the growing list of tool users .
The veined octopus under study manages a behavioral trick that the researchers call stilt walking .
In it , the soft - bodied octopus spreads itself over stacked , upright coconut shell " bowls , " makes its eight arms rigid , and raises the whole assembly to amble on eight " stilts " across the seafloor .
The only benefit to the octopus 's ungainly maneuver is to use the shells later as a shelter or lair , and that 's what makes it wholly different from a hermit crab using the discarded shell of a snail .
" There is a fundamental difference between picking up a nearby object and putting it over your head as protection versus collecting , arranging , transporting ( awkwardly ) , and assembling portable armor as required , " said Mark Norman of the Museum Victoria in Australia .
Julian Finn , also of the Museum Victoria , said the initial discovery was completely serendipitous .
" While I have observed and videoed octopuses hiding in shells many times , I never expected to find an octopus that stacks multiple coconut shells and jogs across the seafloor carrying them , " he said .
In recalling the first time that he saw this behavior , Finn added , " I could tell that the octopus , busy manipulating coconut shells , was up to something , but I never expected it would pick up the stacked shells and run away .
It was an extremely comical sight -- I have never laughed so hard underwater . "
After 500 diver hours spent " under the sea , " the researchers observed the behavior of 20 veined octopuses .
On four occasions , individuals traveled over considerable distances -- up to 20 meters -- while carrying stacked coconut shell halves beneath their body .
" Ultimately , the collection and use of objects by animals is likely to form a continuum stretching from insects to primates , with the definition of tools providing a perpetual opportunity for debate , " the researchers concluded .
" However , the discovery of this octopus tiptoeing across the sea floor with its prized coconut shells suggests that even marine invertebrates engage in behaviors that we once thought the preserve of humans . "
The researchers include Julian K. Finn , Museum Victoria , in Melbourne , Australia , Zoology , La Trobe University , Bundoora , Australia , Tom Tregenza , University of Exeter , Cornwall Campus , Penryn , UK ; and Mark D. Norman , Museum Victoria , in Melbourne , Australia .
In a blow to the bill grinding through the Senate , Howard Dean bluntly called for the bill to be killed in a pre-recorded interview set to air later this afternoon , denouncing it as “ the collapse of health care reform in the United States Senate , ” the reporter who conducted the interview tells me .
Dean said the removal of the Medicare buy - in made the bill not worth supporting , and urged Dem leaders to start over with the process of reconciliation in the interview , which is set to air at 5:50 PM today on Vermont Public Radio , political reporter Bob Kinzel confirms to me .
...
Dean had previously endorsed the Medicare buy - in compromise without a public option , saying that the key question should be whether the bill contains enough “ real reform ” to be worthy of progressives ’ support .
Dean has apparently concluded that the “ real reform ” has been removed at Lieberman ’s behest — which wo n’t make it easier for liberals to swallow the emerging compromise .
It looks like when everything else was stripped out , Medicare buy - in was one of the last substantial reflections of real reform left in the bill .
Without that key provision , Gov. Dean does n't think it 's worth pursuing the rest of it .
I 'm with those who have identified a number of key benefits to the bill .
I do have to confess , though , that the mandates , coupled with lack of premium caps , does make me shudder a bit .
I understand that the bill as a whole has the potential to both expand access to care and improve the amount of care that the average policy - holder is permitted to receive .
At the same time , this combination looks like a potential political loser to Dems .
If premiums rise continue to rise , voters are not going to understand what is going on .
They were told that government was going to reform health care .
Then , why are their expenses still rising ?
This will be difficult for Dems to explain in 2010 and 2012 .
I 've also been concerned that we wo n't be given a second chance at health reform for years to come .
In my view , the White House and progressive Democrats should have pushed all the way to the wall this time around .
Who knows when we 'll get a chance to do this again ?
But this works both ways ... if we do n't pass something now ... will we get a chance to even start incremental reform any other time soon ?
UPDATED :
You might find transcript here , care of commenter CitizenOfEarth .
And from Keith in comments , Howard Dean will also be on Countdown tonight .
The personal loan calculator is provided as an estimation tool for your convenience and should not be considered as a loan offer .
We do not in any way guarantee the accuracy or suitability of the results .
Use this calculator to compare personal loan interest rates and estimate your monthly payments as defined by the Federal Truth In Lending Act .
Enter your loan amount , term ( in months ) and your interest rate .
It was a fast & easy application ...
I am pleased ...
Great Payment plan as well ....
Customer Service was very pleasant and knowledgable .
I enjoyed the experience because it was fast and easy .
Their site was safe and quickly connected me to a relaible lender .
I was approved for a reasonable amount but I could n't provide a collateral but the … ( more )
Help get a car loan need help with this .
What our customers are saying on TrustPilot® :
What our customers are saying on TrustPilot® :
What is a Personal Loan ?
A personal loan can create a buffer between what you need to pay for , and what you can afford right now .
This makes personal loans are a great way to cover large costs now and pay back what you owe over time .
Use Personal Loans to Fund Major Purchases or Consolidate Debt
When you apply for a personal loan you ask a lender for a set amount of money that can then be used for just about anything .
Whether you need to buy a car or consolidate debt , a personal loan can help .
Most personal loans are unsecured installment loans .
This means you wo n’t put up any collateral and will pay the loan back in fixed monthly payments .
Compared to credit cards , personal loans typically have a lower interest rate .
As a result , loans can save you money since you ’ll pay less in interest over time .
Applying for a Personal Loan
The internet has created new options for getting a loan .
Instead of going to a bank and meeting with a loan officer , you can see potential rates and terms online .
You do n’t even need to apply with a bank and can choose a peer - to - peer lender instead .
No matter where you ultimately get your loan , here are a few tips .
Understand How Your Application Will be Evaluated
The exact criteria used to evaluate your loan application will depend on your lender .
Here are a few common ways lenders measure creditworthiness .
Credit Score
Before you start checking out loan options , make sure you know your credit score .
You 're entitled to get one free credit report each year and can check your score at : https://www.annualcreditreport.com/
Credit scores range from 300 - 850 and the higher the score , the better your credit rating .
People with good credit scores are typically offered lower rates .
For instance , a lender might offer a loan with an APR of 5.29 % to someone with a credit score of 620 .
But someone with a credit score around 760 might be able to get a rate of 3.70 % on the exact same loan .
If you have a low credit score , you may want to consider taking out a secured loan or applying with a cosigner .
Other ideas and resources can be found in this bad credit loan article .
Income and Debt
Lenders want to be repaid and may ask for proof of income , like recent tax documents .
To evaluate how much debt you have , your lender might look at your debt - to - income ratio or your credit utilization ratio .
Here is how to calculate each .
Debt - to - Income Ratio
Take the sum of your total monthly debts and divide it by your pre-tax monthly income .
Then multiply by 100 to get your percentage .
Ideally , you want your debt - to - income ratio to be 36 % or less .
Credit Utilization Ratio
Divide your current credit balance by your available credit limit and multiply by 100 .
Your credit utilization ratio should ideally be below 30 % –40 % .
Where to get a loan
You can apply for a loan through your bank or credit union , but before you do , make sure it is the best option .
There are online lenders , like Best Egg and Lending Club , but unless you have a high credit score , it is unlikely you ’ll be approved .
Narrow down where to look based on your credit score , and use websites that let you compare multiple options at once to determine which lender will offer you the best rates .
This will help you find the best deal for your situation .
Hard Pull vs Soft Pull
Keep in mind that credit inquiries can hurt your credit score , especially if there are many in a short timeframe .
When you are evaluating options , be sure that the applications are using a " soft pull " , which does n't affect your credit score .
Most lenders will do a “ hard pull ” when you apply .
Understand the Interest Rates and Payment Terms
Carefully look over all documents associated with your loan to ensure you understand the terms , and there are n't any extra charges or fees .
Find the lender that can offer you the lowest rates and payment terms that will work for your personal situation .
Look for payment terms that do n't charge a prepayment penalty .
Particularly if you think that paying off your loan early might be a possibility for you .
To date , we 've helped more than 2 million consumers get the funds they needed when they needed them .
And we can help you get the money you need too .
In fact , you could have the funds deposited into your account in as little as 24 hours — and CreditLoan charges absolutely no fees for providing you with this service .
Despite billions of dollars spent by the U.S. and other countries to improve governance in Afghanistan and Iraq , the two countries remain among the world ’s most corrupt nations , according to the latest edition of Transparency International ’s ( TI ) Corruption Perceptions Index ( CPI ) .
Of the 180 countries covered by the 2009 CPI , Iraq ranks 176 and Afghanistan 179 , according to the CPI , which was released by the Berlin - based group Tuesday .
Only Somalia , which has not had a functioning government capable of controlling a major portion of its territory since 1991 , ranked lower than Afghanistan , where the administration of President Barack Obama is currently considering adding as many as 44,000 more U.S. troops to the nearly 68,000 currently deployed there .
The CPI , which represents a composite of 13 international corruption polls and surveys , also included Uzbekistan , Chad , Sudan , and Myanmar at the bottom of its list .
At the other end of the spectrum , the CPI ranked New Zealand at the top of the survey .
It was followed by Denmark , Singapore , Sweden , Switzerland , Finland , the Netherlands , Australia , Canada , and Iceland in that order .
The CPI , which has been issued annually by TI since 1995 , has become increasingly important for both companies that are seeking investment opportunities beyond their borders and countries that are competing for that investment .
It relies mainly on the opinions of country experts , risk analysts , and business leaders , both residents and non-residents , whose views are compiled by a total of 10 institutions , among them the World Bank , the African and Asian Development Banks , Economist Intelligence Unit , and the Bertelsmann Foundation .
The surveys used in the CPI ask questions that relate to the misuse of public power for private benefit , including the prevalence of such practices as bribery of public officials , kickbacks in public procurement , and embezzlement of public funds .
Each country is ranked on a scale of zero to 10 , with 10 as the least corrupt .
Somalia , the index ’s most corrupt country , received a score of 1.1 , while New Zealand at the other end of the scale scored 9.4 .
Only 49 of the 180 countries scored a 5.0 or higher .
The survey ’s mean score was 3.3 .
In releasing this year ’s index , TI stressed the worst - performing countries appeared to share a history of long - standing conflict , with disastrous results on their governance .
" The international community must find efficient ways to help war - torn countries to develop and sustain their own institutions , " said TI ’s chair , Huguette Labelle .
Of the Group of Seven ( G7 ) major Western industrialized countries , Canada gained the highest score at 8.7 , followed by Germany ( 8.0 , 14th ranking ) , Japan and Britain ( 7.7 tied for 17th ) , the United States ( 7.5 , 19th ) , France ( 6.9 , 24th ) , and Italy ( 4.3 , 63rd )  just below Cuba and Turkey .
Of the other 12 country members of the Group of 20 ( G - 20 ) , Australia scored highest ( 8.7 , 8th along with Canada ) , followed by South Korea ( 5.5 , 39th ) , South Africa ( 4.7 , 55th ) , Turkey ( 4.4 , 61st ) , Saudi Arabia ( 4.3 , 63rd ) , Brazil ( 3.7 , 75th ) , China ( 3.6 , 79th ) , India ( 3.4 , 84th ) , Mexico ( 3.3 , 89th ) , Argentina ( 2.9 , 106th ) , Indonesia ( 2.8 , 111th ) , and Russia ( 2.2 , 146th ) .
In Latin America , Chile and Uruguay tied for the highest score ( 6.7 ) , which put them in 25th place overall .
They were followed by Costa Rica in 43rd place , Cuba ( 61st ) , and Brazil , Colombia , and Peru tied in 75th place with a score of 3.7 .
Haiti was perceived as the most corrupt country in the hemisphere , ranking 168th and gaining a score of 1.8 .
Venezuela was perceived as the next most corrupt with a rank of 162 and a score of 1.9 .
Other Latin American countries that received rankings of 120 or higher included Bolivia , Honduras , Nicaragua , Ecuador , and Paraguay in ascending order .
In sub -Saharan Africa , Botswana topped the list for the least corrupt country with an overall ranking of 37 and a score of 5.6 .
Only two other countries in the region  Mauritius and Cape Verde  earned scores greater than 5.0 .
Three more countries  the Seychelles , South Africa , and Namibia  scored over 4.0 , while Ghana , Burkina Faso , and Swaziland received scores of 3.6 or higher .
In addition to Sudan and Somalia , the worst - ranked African countries included the Democratic Republic of Congo , Congo - Brazzaville , Guinea - Bissau , Burundi , Equatorial Guinea , Guinea and Chad , in descending order .
All in this group scored less than 2.0 on the CPI scale .
In the Middle East and North Africa , Qatar ( 22 ) and the United Arab Emirates ( 30 ) improved their scores over previous years , rising to 7.0 and 6.5 , respectively .
They were followed by Israel ( 32 , 6.1 ) , Oman ( 39 , 5.5 ) , Bahrain ( 46 , 5.1 ) , and Jordan ( 49 , 5.0 ) .
Worst - perceived countries in the region aside from Iraq included Iran ( 168 , 1.8 ) , Yemen ( 154 , 2.1 ) , and Lebanon and Libya ( 130 , 2.5 ) .
Aside from Afghanistan and Myanmar , the Bangladesh , Pakistan , and the Philippines ( 139 ) scored 2.4 , followed by Nepal , Timor - Leste , Papua New Guinea , Cambodia , and Laos .
In the region running from the Balkans to the former Soviet states of Central Asia , Turkey earned the highest score at 4.4 , followed by Croatia and Georgia ( 4.1 ) .
At 174 , Uzbekistan earned the lowest score of 1.7 , behind Russia and Ukraine ( 2.2 ) , Tajikistan ( 2.0 ) , Kyrgyzstan ( 1.9 ) , and Turkmenistan ( 1.8 ) .
Kazakhstan , which had been rated close to the bottom in previous years , improved its score to 2.7 due mainly to efforts at improving conditions for foreign investment in the run-up to its chairmanship of the Organization for Security and Cooperation , according to TI .
( Inter Press Service )
Discrimination Hotspots New Report Finds Racism Prevalent Across Europe
For minority groups living in Europe , everyday pursuits like shopping or visiting the doctor are often soured by discrimination .
According to a new EU - wide report , racism is deeply entrenched -- and , more worryingly still , often goes unreported .
Dubai World broke six days of market - roiling silence early Tuesday morning , saying it was negotiating to restructure $ 26 billion in debt and anticipated a deal quickly .
The announcement , just after midnight local time , came after Dubai government officials said the emirate was n't obligated to step in and support the state - owned conglomerate .
The disclosure sparked a rally in U.S. markets just before Monday 's close .
Stock ...
Today , expert testimony begins in Perry v. Schwarzenegger - the trial to overturn Proposition 8 in California , and two historians - one specializing in marriage , the other in gay rights - are preparing to take the stand .
Advertisement
Yesterday 's opening arguments set the tone for how each side will frame the case .
The LA Times summarizes :
In his opening argument , [ Theodore Olson ] called marriage " one of the most vital personal rights " and a " basic civil right . "
Withholding it from gays and lesbians " does n't make sense , " he said .
U.S. District Judge Vaughn R. Walker asked if the state should simply get out of the business of issuing marriage licenses .
" That may solve the problem , " Olson said , but it " would never happen . "
Walker also asked Olson if voters are entitled to pass laws stemming from " moral disapproval , " such as prohibitions on alcohol .
Olson replied that U.S. history is filled with moral condemnation of people based on their race , gender and ethnicity .
Proposition 8 , passed by 52.3 % of California voters in 2008 , perpetuates discrimination " for no good reason , " Olson said .
Charles J. Cooper , who is representing the Proposition 8 campaign and has argued many cases before the Supreme Court , told Walker that a limitation of marriage to opposite - sex couples has " prevailed in virtually every society since early history . "
Walker noted that many states once barred interracial marriage .
Cooper replied that those laws were based on a notion of " white supremacy , " and not on a long - standing tradition .
Cooper said the evidence would show that opposite - sex marriage is good for children , and that the " procreative purpose of marriage " would be " diluted or weakened " if same - sex couples were permitted to marry .
Asked what evidence exists to show that same - sex marriage would " radically alter the institution of marriage , " Cooper replied that data from the Netherlands will show that it leads to a decline in marriage rates .
He said it also would lead to more children being raised outside of marriage and higher divorce rates .
Advertisement
Andrew Sullivan posted excerpts of Olson 's opening statement ( the full remarks can be found here ) , focusing on how Olson dismantled many of the opposition 's arguments .
Here 's the most concise part of Olson 's arguments , explaining how Proposition 8 created a strange legal snare with little justification outside of prejudice :
The State of California has offered no justification for its decision to eliminate the fundamental right to marry for a segment of its citizens .
And its chief legal officer , the Attorney General , admits that none exists .
And the evidence will show that each of the rationalizations for Proposition 8 invented by its Proponents is wholly without merit .
" Procreation " cannot be a justification inasmuch as Proposition 8 permits marriage by persons who are unable or have no intention of producing children .
Indeed , the institution of civil marriage in this country has never been tied to the procreative capacity of those seeking to marry .
Proposition 8 has no rational relation to the parenting of children because same - sex couples and opposite sex couples are equally permitted to have and raise children in California .
The evidence in this case will demonstrate that gay and lesbian individuals are every bit as capable of being loving , caring and effective parents as heterosexuals .
The quality of a parent is not measured by gender but the content of the heart .
And , as for protecting " traditional marriage , " our opponents " do n't know " how permitting gay and lesbian couples to marry would harm the marriages of opposite - sex couples .
Needless to say , guesswork and speculation is not an adequate justification for discrimination .
In fact , the evidence will demonstrate affirmatively that permitting loving , deeply committed , couples like the plaintiffs to marry has no impact whatsoever upon the marital relationships of others .
When voters in California were urged to enact Proposition 8 , they were encouraged to believe that unless Proposition 8 were enacted , anti-gay religious institutions would be closed , gay activists would overwhelm the will of the heterosexual majority , and that children would be taught that it was " acceptable " for gay men and lesbians to marry .
Parents were urged to " protect our children " from that presumably pernicious viewpoint .
At the end of the day , whatever the motives of its Proponents , Proposition 8 enacted an utterly irrational regime to govern entitlement to the fundamental right to marry , consisting now of at least four separate and distinct classes of citizens : ( 1 ) heterosexuals , including convicted criminals , substance abusers and sex offenders , who are permitted to marry ; ( 2 ) 18,000 same - sex couples married between June and November of 2008 , who are allowed to remain married but may not remarry if they divorce or are widowed ; ( 3 ) thousands of same - sex couples who were married in certain other states prior to November of 2008 , whose marriages are now valid and recognized in California ; and , finally ( 4 ) all other same - sex couples in California who , like the Plaintiffs , are prohibited from marrying by Proposition 8 .
There is no rational justification for this unique pattern of discrimination .
Proposition 8 , and the irrational pattern of California 's regulation of marriage which it promulgates , advances no legitimate state interest .
All it does is label gay and lesbian persons as different , inferior , unequal , and disfavored .
And it brands their relationships as not the same , and less - approved than those enjoyed by opposite sex couples .
It stigmatizes gays and lesbians , classifies them as outcasts , and causes needless pain , isolation and humiliation .
It is unconstitutional .
Much of yesterday 's testimony focused on the personal stories behind the fight for marriage equality .
Kristin M. Perry , ( who brought the case to court ) talked about falling in love with her partner , Sandra B. Stier .
Perry was asked what it means to be a lesbian , and if she could conceive of changing her sexual orientation .
Ms. Perry , for instance , said that she had tried dating boys when she was growing up in rural Bakersfield , Calif. , if only for a chance to " have a date for the prom , " but that she had always known she was a lesbian .
Asked by Mr. Olson if she could change her sexual feelings , Ms. Perry paused , then replied : " I 'm 45 years old .
I do n't think so .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The statements to watch today will come from Nancy Cott , who Olson and Boies hope will shoot holes through the idea of " traditional " marriage :
Nancy Cott , a U.S. history professor at Harvard and the author of a book on marriage as a public institution , is scheduled to take the witness stand for a second day .
Cott , a witness appearing on behalf of two gay couples who are suing to overturn Proposition 8 , on Monday disputed assertions made by the measure 's sponsors during the 2008 campaign that cultures around the world always have recognized marriage only as a union of a man and a woman .
" To think of marriage as universal , the same around the globe , simply is not accurate , " Cott said , explaining that America 's founders knew that group marriages were common in other societies and among some Native American tribes .
" The Bible is a document with characters that are practicing polygamy , which is the case with ancient civilizations . "
After Cott is cross -examined by lawyers for Proposition 8's backers , who are defending the voter - approved initiative in court , Yale history professor George Chauncey is expected to testify about anti-gay bias .
Chauncey also was an expert witness in a landmark gay rights case that resulted in the U.S. Supreme Court invalidating a 1992 Colorado law that sought to prevent cities from extending civil rights protections to gays .
Advertisement
Chauncey 's testimony will also be vital as the supporters of Proposition 8 will need to prove that there is a reason outside of bigotry to deny same sex couples the right to marry .
Since the Supreme Court has already ruled that laws motivated by bigotry are unconstitutional , the onus is on Cooper to find a justification that would avoid allegations of bigotry .
I personally can't wait to watch Cooper try to roll that boulder uphill .
Couples testify in California gay marriage trial [ Associated Press ]
Tearful testimony on discrimination at Prop. 8 trial [ LA Times ]
Ted Olson 's Opening Statement [ The Daily Dish ]
Text of Ted Olson 's Opening Statement in Prop. 8 Trial – As Prepared [ American Foundation for Equal Rights ]
Personal Focus as Same - Sex - Marriage Trial Opens in California [ NY Times ]
Courting couples [ The Economist ]
Lebanese media continue to report of an impending Israeli withdrawal from the northern part of the village of Ghajar , on Israel 's northern border .
Al - Nahar newspaper reported on Tuesday that the United Nations is holding talks with Israel and Lebanon , according to which Israel will pull out of the northern part of the village by the end of next month .
According to the Lebanese paper , which cites American sources , an understanding was reached according to which Israel will withdraw to the blue line marked by the UN in the year 2000 .
The withdrawal will be in accordance with Security Council Resolution 1701 , which demands the situation on the ground be restored as it was before the Second Lebanon War broke out .
The report said that Lebanon notified the UN of its approval of the plan and that Israel – despite not receiving the plan officially – informed UNIFIL commander General Claudio Graziano and UN Special Coordinator in Lebanon Michael Williams that it plans to retreat from the northern part of the village , but that it will continue to discuss with the UN a number of technical details on the matter .
According to the report , the UN and the United States hope that Israel 's withdrawal from the northern part of Ghajar will lead to an ease in tensions between Israel and Lebanon .
The paper further states that US President Barack Obama 's administration is following the matter closely and that Obama 's envoy to Syria and Lebanon Frederick Hoff discussed the plan in his recent visit to the region .
According to the plan , after Israel withdraws from the area , 12 UNIFIL soldiers , an officer and three Lebanese soldiers will be deployed at the site .
This under the condition that Israel 's retreat from the northern part of the village does not bring about a change in the daily lives of the residents on both sides of the village , and that they be permitted free passage between the two parts .
In response to the report , Ghajar village spokesman Najib Khatib said : " Unfortunately the government in Jerusalem continues to treat the residents of the village with derision , and not as one should treat human beings .
" Once again we read and hear of our fate from the Lebanese and Israeli press without receiving an opportunity to express our position . "
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - Venezuela ’s President Hugo Chavez said in a New Year ’s message the “ illusion ” around President Barack Obama was over and rich nations had left the world on the verge of ecological disaster .
Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez speaks during a credits ceremony of new state - run bank Banco Bicentenario in Caracas December 21 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Quoting from both Karl Marx and the Virgin Mary , Latin America ’s leading critic of U.S. power said only socialist and Christian principles could right the wrongs of capitalism .
“ It ’s not an easy task , I acknowledge , ” Chavez said in a written message carried by state media on Monday .
Chavez initially sought to foster good ties with Obama , shaking his hand and giving him a book at a regional summit .
But he has been increasingly critical of late , saying Obama failed to curb “ imperialist ” policies in Afghanistan and Iraq , and was tolerant toward a coup leader in Honduras .
“ Let ’s not kid ourselves : the Obama illusion has finished , and the shameless interventionism of the American administration shows that , ” wrote Chavez .
Having opposed the Copenhagen climate change summit ’s final agreement as a behind - doors deal between major powers that ignored nations on the margins , Chavez said rich nations were making a mockery of U.N. principles of equality .
“ Those leaving us on the verge of an unimaginable ‘ ecocide , ’ those who caused climate change , should be forced to accept their responsibilities , ” he said .
CAPITALIST “ HELL ”
Chavez has ruled South America ’s top oil - exporter for more than a decade , and faces legislative elections in 2010 , then a presidential vote in 2012 .
His normally high popularity has slipped to around 50 percent this year , with Venezuelans increasingly anxious over crime , stuttering water and power services , harsh measures against opposition parties , and an economic recession .
But Chavez remains the towering figure of Venezuela ’s politics , dominating the air - waves with near - daily speeches , and still highly popular among Venezuela ’s poor , who credit him for social policies like free healthcare .
Analysts expect Chavez to win the 2010 National Assembly vote , albeit it with a reduced majority .
“ The elections are crucial to the continuation and deepening socialism of the Bolivarian Revolution , ” said Chavez , whose idol is Venezuela ’s independence hero Simon Bolivar .
In his New Year ’s message , Chavez said Venezuela was coming out of the “ hell ” of four decades of capitalism before him .
He noted new government measures , including a Corporation of Socialist Markets set up to provide cheap products ranging from cars to “ arepas , ” the popular local pancake .
One of his ministers manned a new “ Socialist Arepa Shop ” in Caracas last week .
Listening to Tony Blair , as prime minister , making a speech was often a moving experience .
His labour conference address of 2001 , days after the 9/11 attacks ; the short and staccato signing off in the Commons as he left office .
Yes , he had a team of speechwriters but Blair 's delivery and pace were brilliant .
So it 's little surprise that , since leaving office two and a half years ago , one of his major income streams has been from gigantic fees from his agents , the Washington Speakers Bureau , for speaking engagements .
We 've had details of the cost - sometimes hundreds of thousands of pounds - but the content has rarely been revealed .
It could only be imagined that , for the price , Blair has peppered every speech with never heard before anecdotes and witty jokes to please his audience .
As the Independent on Sunday revealed yesterday , Blair gave a speech at the opening of a methanol factory in Azerbaijan .
The fee was paid by the WSB , but presumably it originated with AzMeCo , the firm owned by an Azeri oligarch whose plant Blair was at .
It took me several emails to draw out few facts from Blair 's office , but in the end I came across the full speech - £ 90 k for 20 minutes - myself on the company 's website - read it for yourself at azmeco.com and look up press releases .
When I read it , I could n't quite believe my eyes .
It is a truly awful speech , laden with sycophancy towards his millionaire hosts , repetition and one name check - the thinnest of anecdotes about Al Gore .
If I were Nizami Piriyev , the oligarch owner of the factory , I would ask for my money back .
But , of course , it is Blair 's gold plated endorsement of the factory they are paying for , not the great oratory .
Blair praised AzMeCo as leading the way , on the eve of Copenhagen , in clean energy .
Yet Greenpeace has ruled it to have zero environmental benefits : the methanol is produced using natural gas , a fossil fuel , and the European reconstruction bank which has donated £ 100 m to the project has raised environmental hazard concerns over the site .
Tony Blair 's involvement in this is as grubby as the carbon footprint of the AzMeCo plant .
Blair , it seems , is now available to the highest bidder for the kind of low - grade endorsement a c-list celebrity would give to a supermarket opening .
The more money he makes , the cheaper his name appears to become .
I know of a number of Blairites who now regard two Tony Blairs : the great labour leader and prime minister , before leaving office , and the one who touts himself around the world to the rich and the powerful , no matter how dubious their product or reputation .
( It should be said Blair also held talks with the President Aliyev of Azerbaijan , whose election was ruled undemocratic and who banned the BBC from broadcasting in his country ) .
These Blairites wince at his adventures , preferring to concentrate on the Early and Mid Blair .
Perhaps , after all , it would have been better if Blair had won the EU presidency , so he would no longer feel the need to cheapen himself in his desire for more money .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Photo courtesy Ford Motor Company via FlickrNo green spin necessary , the Ford Fusion Hybrid sedan was soundly voted the 2010 Car of the Year .
While not the first - ever hybrid vehicle to win this award ( even for Ford ) , it is notable that the 2010 North American Car of the Year ( NACOTY ) was given to a U.S. automaker for a hybrid amidst one of the worst times to be selling any kind of car , much less a hybrid .
And yet , the Fusion Hybrid helped Ford set record sales in hybrids in a year when overall industry demand for gas - electric cars tanked , bolstering the appearance that Ford is doing something right .
The Fusion Hybrid beat out its non-hybrid version , the Fusion sedan , as well as three other 2010 green cars on the market : the Honda Insight , the Toyota Prius , and the Volkswagen Golf / GTI / TDI ( a clean diesel Green Car of the Year Finalist ) .
So what does the Fusion Hybrid deliver ?
As NACOTY juror Csaba Csere said , “ Though not the first hybrid on the market , or even the second or third , the Fusion Hybrid is simply the best one ever built .
In addition to delivering terrific mileage , it looks and drives like a regular car — and a very good one indeed . ”
The only other hybrids to win this non-eco honor were the Toyota Prius in 2004 and the Ford Escape Hybrid ( Truck of the Year ) in 2005 .
I learned more about the Fusion Hybrid at a press event last April , which included a good old - fashioned test drive and a close - up look at some of the features that buff the car ’s eco-cred .
Photo courtesy rumblestripradio via FlickrMuch of the excitement about the Fusion Hybrid centered around Ford ’s innovative approach to the type and amount of information communicated to the driver .
Ford called this instrument cluster the “ Smart Gauge with EcoGuide , ” [ PDF ] .
The driver sees two in - dashboard LCD screens which , at a glance , tell the driver ( nicely ) whether to ditch the lead foot or keep the good times rollin’ .
The idea is that the EcoGuide is a friendly coach , rewarding the driver ’s efficient driving behavior with lush digital green vines and leaves .
Obviously , the more leaves , the better .
Photo courtesy karend via FlickrIt is designed to benefit the regular driver , who can learn how to improve mileage on daily commutes , and is aided by a summary screen of information at the end of each trip .
I was skeptical of the “ green leaves ” cliche , but it turns out that people preferred this imagery in tests because it is easy to understand and does n’t distract or overwhelm the driver with excessive data ( a wee bit of a problem when you ’re cruising 65 miles per hour ) .
And there are other settings , aside from the leaves , to display the same instantaneous fuel economy statistics .
EPA ratings put the Fusion Hybrid at 41 miles per gallon ( mpg ) city and 36 mpg highway , although some test drivers report more than 50 mpg .
Nancy Gioia , Ford director of Global Electrification , pointed out , “ Driver behavior counts … when you get it right , the car lets you know . ”
Aggressive drivers may see fuel economy increases of up to 15 percent as compared to the more conscientious drivers , who may only see a 3 percent increase .
In addition to fuel economy , the “ fun to drive ” factor and smooth transition between electric and gas engines contribute to the Fusion Hybrid ’s popularity .
In fact , it outscored every other Ford vehicle ever in customer satisfaction .
But does the car give up any efficiency to get that extra juice on the highway ?
“ We have n’t sacrificed anything for the additional horsepower , ” claims Gioia .
“ What we ’ve really done is optimized both the engine and the electric machines to work in combination delivering that fantastic , fun - to - drive experience …
What we ’ve tried to do is take a mid-sized sedan and make it , as it is , the most fuel - efficient mid-sized sedan in North America . ”
Fifty top automotive journalists in North America agree that this makes the Fusion Hybrid the Car of the Year .
As for me , while it was fun to zoom around in a peppy , smooth - rolling hybrid , with green leaves spilling off the dashboard , I ’ll still be waiting for the day when the Car of the Year is awarded to my favored vehicle of transport — the bus .
Objective Lua
New ! v0.1 released !
This time we 're serious !
What ?
Objective Lua is an almost pure superset of Lua that welds the Objective C object orientation system and syntax on top of the classic Lua language .
It is written entirely in Lua and works by translating Objective Lua code into Lua code as it is loaded .
This means that it 's incredibly portable and incredibly fast .
What you get out of the language are :
All the speed and flexibility of traditional Lua
Seamless interoperability with Lua
A formal , precise object orientation system
Proper exception handling ( including finally !)
!)
All the clarity of the Objective C method syntax
Only 3000 lines of code , including the documentation !
For more information , I 'd encourage you to read the online documentation .
Alternatively , you could look at an example program .
You probably also want to check out the FAQ .
Why ?
Hack value ?
It started out as , more or less , a joke I put together in a few hours .
It went memetic and I realised that there was actually quite a lot of interest .
The Objective C class system , stolen more or less intact from Smalltalk , is interesting as it's largely orthogonal from the actual language .
It can , with a suprisingly small amount of work , be dropped more or less intact into another language .
And it has been : there 's Objective - J , Objective Perl , and Objective Modula - 2 , for example , which are Objectified Javascript and Modula - 2 respectively .
So there 's precedent .
The other thing is that writing the example program for Objective Lua just felt so comfortable .
The dynamic nature of the Objective C class structure is a natural fit to Lua 's dynamic types and ad - hoc data structures .
I did later find a few places where the syntaxes clashed --- that 's why Objective Lua is only nearly a strict superset of Lua --- but even after rejigging the syntax to work around these issues , that feeling of ease remained .
For me , at least , code just flows smoothly when writing Objective Lua .
How ?
Objective Lua is a personality skin for Lua .
That is , it 's a layer that sits in the package loader list which reads in Objective Lua .olua files and translates them to classic Lua code as needed .
What this means is that Objective Lua code is , to all intents and purposes , Lua code --- once it 's been loaded .
This means that Objective Lua code interoperates seamlessly with Lua .
You can call one from the other ( because they 're the same language ) .
I 've also taken care that the Objective Lua object system is as compatible as possible with standard Lua practices .
You can call Objective Lua objects using the standard object : method ( args ) syntax , if you want .
Conversely , you can use Objective Lua syntax to call methods on any Lua object ; they do n't have to be owned by Objective Lua ( or even subclassed from olua.lib .
Object ) .
Documentation is provided ; currently it's a bit sparse but should be complete .
API documents are created automatically from annotated source by a tool called oldot ( provided .
Naturally , it 's written in Objective Lua ) .
I 'd also encourage you to join the mailing list for assistance .
( Especially , for non-sensitive issues I 'd prefer you emailed the list than mail me directly . )
Why not ?
Objective Lua is experimental software .
It 's an interesting experiment .
It 's not complete --- there are many bugs and omissions --- and there 's no guarantee that any of the APIs or even the syntax will remain stable .
While I do n't think there are any showstopping bugs , I 'd get a little twitchy if anyone announced they were writing big software projects in it .
Where ?
Objective Lua is hosted on SourceForge .
You can get the most recent version of Objective Lua from the project download page .
What 's new ?
Version 0.1 , 2009 - 12 - 16 : First real release .
Version 0.0.1 , 2009 - 10 - 05 : The toy release .
Who ?
Objective Lua was written by David Given .
The program is freely distributable under the terms of the MIT License .
We 're on a bit of a " Douchebag Documentary Series " kick .
It can be fascinating to watch the different ways douchebag can exhibit itself and the fates ( both positive and negative ) that can befall the douche .
Movies that we 've already watched and that fit the bill include : Overnight ( possibly the highest achievement in this field ) More recommendations would be greatly appreciated .
Friending was n't used as a verb until about five years ago , when social networks such as Friendster , MySpace and Facebook burst onto the scene .
Suddenly , our friends were something even better - an audience .
If blogging felt like shouting into the void , posting updates on a social network felt more like an intimate conversation among friends at a pub .
Inevitably , as our list of friends grew to encompass acquaintances , friends of friends and the girl who sat behind us in seventh - grade homeroom , online friendships became devalued .
Suddenly , we knew as much about the lives of our distant acquaintances as we did about the lives of our intimates – what they 'd had for dinner , how they felt about Tiger Woods and so on .
Enter Twitter with a solution : no friends , just followers .
These one - way relationships were easier to manage – no more annoying decisions about whether to give your ex-boyfriend access to your photos , no more fussing over who could see your employment and contact information .
Twitter 's updates were also easily searchable on the Web , forcing users to be somewhat thoughtful about their posts .
The intimate conversation became a talent show , a challenge to prove your intellectual prowess in 140 characters or less .
This fall , Twitter turned its popularity into dollars , inking lucrative deals to allow its users ' tweets to be broadcast via search algorithms on Google and Bing .
Soon , Facebook followed suit with deals to distribute certain real - time data to Google and Bing .
( Recall that despite being the fifth most popular Web site in the world , Facebook is barely profitable . )
Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt says no money changed hands in the deals but says there was " probably an exchange of value . "
Just one catch : Facebook had just " exchanged " to Google and Microsoft something that did n't exist .
The vast majority of Facebook users restrict updates to their friends , and do not expect those updates to appear in public search results .
( In fact , many people restrict their Facebook profile from appearing at all in search results ) .
So Facebook had little content to provide to Google 's and Bing 's real - time search results .
When Google 's real - time search launched earlier this month , its results were primarily filled with Twitter updates .
Coincidentally , Facebook presented its 350 million members with a new default privacy setting last week .
For most people , the new suggested settings would open their Facebook updates and information to the entire world .
Mr. Schnitt says the new privacy suggestions are an acknowledgement of " the way we think the world is going . "
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg led by example , opening up his previously closed profile , including goofy photos of himself curled up with a teddy bear .
Facebook also made public formerly private info such as profile pictures , gender , current city and the friends list .
( Mr. Schnitt suggests that users are free to lie about their hometown or take down their profile picture to protect their privacy ; in response to users ' complaints , the friends list can now be restricted to be viewed only by friends ) .
Of course , many people will reject the default settings on Facebook and keep on chatting with only their Facebook friends .
( Mr. Schnitt said more than 50 % of its users had rejected the defaults at last tally ) .
But those who want a private experience on Facebook will have to work harder at it : if you inadvertently post a comment on a friend 's profile page that has been opened to the public , your comment will be public too .
Just as Facebook turned friends into a commodity , it has likewise gathered our personal data – our updates , our baby photos , our endless chirping birthday notes — and readied it to be bundled and sold .
So I give up .
Rather than fighting to keep my Facebook profile private , I plan to open it up to the public – removing the fiction of intimacy and friendship .
But I will also remove the vestiges of my private life from Facebook and make sure I never post anything that I would n't want my parents , employer , next - door neighbor or future employer to see .
You'd be smart to do the same .
We 'll need to treat this increasingly public version of Facebook with the same hard - headedness that we treat Twitter : as a place to broadcast , but not a place for vulnerability .
A place to carefully calibrate , sanitize and bowdlerize our words for every possible audience , now and forever .
Not a place for intimacy with friends .
Write to Julia Angwin at julia.angwin@wsj.com
I admit , I was in the middle of a replay when Persona 3 PSP was announced , and I stopped cold in my tracks when I heard the news .
No reason to keep going when I can replay the entire game on a portable system ... and with a new heroine !
It was recently revealed that there are two brand new characters you will be able to social link with if you play the female protagonist ( shown above ) :
Rio Iwasaki
Chief of the P.E. department who is very serious about club activities .
In fact , she is so serious that trouble tends to occurr around her .
Rio belongs to the volleyball and tennis clubs .
Saori Hasegawa
Having been studying overseas , she is two years older than the Heroine .
She seems to be troubled with no one around her year being able to understand her .
Saori belongs to the library and health committees .
Apparently , you can also sort of date the hot guy in the Velvet Room ( Theodore !
He has a name ! ) by taking him out to see the town , just like you did with Elizabeth if you accepted those quests .
I can't wait .
So many new possible characters to cosplay .... hmmm...
[ Via XCompRandomness ]
While Hollywood sets records at the box - office this holiday season , the Librarian of Congress James H. Billington today selected 25 motion pictures that will be preserved as cultural , artistic and / or historical treasures for generations to come .
Spanning the period 1911 - 1995 , the films named to the 2009 National Film Registry of the Library of Congress range from the sci- fi classic “ The Incredible Shrinking Man ” and Bette Davis ’ Oscar - winning performance in “ Jezebel ” to the Muppets ’ movie debut and Michael Jackson ’s iconic video “ Thriller . ”
This year ’s selections bring the number of films in the registry to 525 .
Under the terms of the National Film Preservation Act , each year the Librarian of Congress names 25 films to the registry that are “ culturally , historically or aesthetically ” significant to be preserved for all time .
These films are not selected as the “ best ” American films of all time , but rather as works of enduring importance to American culture .
“ Established by Congress in 1989 , the National Film Registry spotlights the importance of protecting America ’s matchless film heritage and cinematic creativity , ” said Billington .
“ By preserving the nation ’s films , we safeguard a significant element of our cultural patrimony and history . "
Other selections to this year ’s registry include Al Pacino ’s “ Dog Day Afternoon , ” the World War II drama “ Mrs. Miniver , ” the swashbuckling adventure “ The Mark of Zorro ” and the popular spaghetti Western “ Once Upon a Time in the West . ”
Among the lesser - known films named to the registry are “ The Jungle , ” a hybrid documentary / dramatization made by a group of young African - American gang members ; “ A Study in Reds , ” directed by amateur filmmaker Miriam Bennett ; and Martin Brest ’s student film “ Hot Dogs for Gauguin . ”
Annual selections to the registry are finalized by the Librarian after his review of hundreds of titles nominated by the public and extensive discussions with members of the National Film Preservation Board , as well as the Library ’s motion - picture staff .
The Librarian urges the public to make nominations for next year ’s registry at the Film Board ’s website ( www.loc.gov/film/).
For each title named to the registry , the Library of Congress Packard Campus for Audio Visual Conservation works to ensure that the film is preserved for future generations , either through the Library ’s massive motion - picture preservation program or through collaborative ventures with other archives , motion - picture studios and independent filmmakers .
The Packard Campus is a state - of - the - art facility that acquires , preserves and provides access to the world ’s largest and most comprehensive collection of films , television programs , radio broadcasts and sound recordings .
Founded in 1800 , the Library of Congress is the nation ’s oldest federal cultural institution .
It seeks to spark imagination and creativity and to further human understanding and wisdom by providing access to knowledge through its magnificent collections , programs and exhibitions .
Many of the Library ’s rich resources can be accessed through its website at www.loc.gov and via interactive exhibitions on a personalized website at myLOC.gov .
2009 National Film Registry
Dog Day Afternoon ( 1975 )
Director Sidney Lumet balances suspense , violence and humor in Frank Pierson ’s Oscar - winning adaptation of a true - life bank robbery turned media circus .
Al Pacino is the engaging Sonny , a smart yet self - destructive Brooklyn tough guy whose plan to rob the local bank to pay for his lover ’s sex change goes awry .
Lumet artfully conducts his talented cast through machinations that twist and turn from the political to the personal , and inevitably lead to a downward spiral played out before an audience of millions .
The Exiles ( 1961 )
Released nearly 48 years ago , “ The Exiles ” remains one of the few non-stereotypical films that honestly depict Native Americans .
With the perspective of a true outsider , filmmaker Kent MacKenzie captures the raw essence of a group of 20 - something Native Americans who left reservation life in the 1950s to live among the decayed Victorian mansions of Los Angeles ’ Bunker Hill district .
MacKenzie ’s day - in - the - life narrative pieces together interviews that allow the people in his film to tell their own stories without ascribing artificial sentimentality .
Heroes All ( 1920 )
The Red Cross Bureau of Pictures produced more than 100 films , including “ Heroes All , ” from 1917 - 1921 , which are invaluable historical and visual records of the era with footage from World War I and its aftermath .
“ Heroes All ” examines returning wounded WWI veterans and their treatment at Walter Reed Hospital , along with visits to iconic Washington , D.C. , landmarks .
Several Red Cross cinematographers achieved notable film careers , including Ernest Schoedsack and A. Farciot Edouart .
Hot Dogs for Gauguin ( 1972 )
This hilarious New York University student film ( with a cast including Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman in her film debut ) was written and directed by Martin Brest who later went on to direct “ Beverly Hills Cop , ” “ Scent of a Woman ” and “ Meet Joe Black . ”
In the film , DeVito plays a down - on - his - luck photographer determined to capture visual magic and fame .
He concocts an intricate plot to blow up the Statue of Liberty and sets his camera to record the exact moment of its destruction .
The Incredible Shrinking Man ( 1957 )
This sci- fi classic about a man who starts to shrink after being exposed to a strange cloud while on vacation is notable for its intelligent script and imaginative special effects .
Jack Arnold ’s sparse direction and Richard Matheson ’s poignant script allow the tension to build naturally in a world where a house cat and common spider become the ultimate threat to existence and leave an indelible mark on the audience ’s consciousness .
Jezebel ( 1938 )
Bette Davis won her second Academy Award for this William Wyler - directed classic .
Cast to perfection as a tempestuous southern belle , Davis ’ head - strong heroine must eventually learn self - sacrifice in order to save the man she loves .
Despite its melodramatic underpinnings , the film endures because of Davis ’ flawless performance and for its examination of both the American South and women ’s societal roles .
The movie co-stars Henry Fonda and Fay Bainter , who also won an Oscar for her work .
The Jungle ( 1967 )
With the guidance of Temple University social worker Harold Haskins , a group of African - American teenage boys in Philadelphia made this hybrid documentary / dramatization of their lives in the 12th and Oxford Street gang .
Shot in an original and natural style , this 22 - minute film was recognized with festival awards , but was never theatrically released .
In 1968 , Churchill Films distributed the film in 16 mm for the educational market .
The production led several of the gang members to earn high school and college degrees .
The Lead Shoes ( 1949 )
“ The Lead Shoes ” is a dreamlike trance showing the unconscious acts of a disturbed mind through a distorted lens and other abstract visual techniques ( such as reverse and stop motion ) .
“ Narrative succumbs to the comic devices of inconsequence and illogic , ” said writer and independent filmmaker Sidney Peterson of his film .
Peterson is considered the father of San Francisco avant - garde cinema .
Little Nemo ( 1911 )
This classic work , a mix of live action and animation , was adapted from Winsor McCay ’s famed 1905 comic strip “ Little Nemo in Slumberland . ”
Its fluidity , graphics and story - telling was light years beyond other films made during that time .
A seminal figure in both animation and comic art , McCay profoundly influenced many generations of future animators , including Walt Disney .
Mabel ’s Blunder ( 1914 )
Mabel Normand , who wrote , directed and starred in “ Mabel ’s Blunder , ” was the most successful of the early silent screen comediennes .
The film tells the tale of a young woman who is secretly engaged to the boss ’ son .
When a new employee catches the young man ’s eye , a jealous Mabel dresses up as a chauffeur to spy on them , which leads to a series of mistaken identities .
The film showcases Normand ’s spontaneous and intuitive playfulness and her ability to be both romantically appealing and boisterously funny .
The Mark of Zorro ( 1940 )
Under Rouben Mamoulian ’s inventive direction , Tyrone Power plays Don Diego , son of a 19th - century Los Angeles governor who has been unseated by a mercenary despot and his sadistic captain , portrayed by Basil Rathbone .
Convincingly foppish by day , Don Diego conceals his heroic alter - ego to avenge his father and the terrorized citizenry , carving his signature “ Z ” with his trusty sword as he goes .
Mamoulian cleverly cuts in and out of scenes to heighten the drama and action as the film crescendos to a thrilling duel between Rathbone and Power .
Mrs. Miniver ( 1942 )
This remarkably touching wartime melodrama pictorializes the classic British stiff upper lip and the courage of a middle - class English family ( headed by Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon ) amid the chaos of air raids and family loss .
The film ’s iconic tribute to the sacrifices on the home front , as movingly directed by William Wyler , did much to rally America ’s support for its British allies .
“ Mrs. Miniver ” won six Oscars including Best Picture , Best Director and Best Actress .
The Muppet Movie ( 1979 )
Muppet creators Jim Henson and Frank
Oz immersed their characters into a well - crafted combination of musical comedy and fantasy adventure .
Kermit the Frog leads TV series regulars Miss Piggy , Fozzie Bear , Ralph and Animal on a road trip to Hollywood where they encounter numerous characters played by such actors as Steve Martin , Mel Brooks and Charles Durning .
Once Upon a Time in the West ( 1968 )
Disdained as “ Spaghetti Westerns ” when they first appeared in American movie theaters , the best of these films , such as “ Once Upon a Time in the West , ” are now recognized as among the greatest achievements of the Western movie genre .
Director Sergio Leone ’s operatic visual homage to the American Western legend is a chilling tale of vengeance set against the backdrop of the coming of the railroad .
Ennio Morricone ’s magnificent score ( especially the elegiac “ Jill ’s Theme ” ) is likewise recognized for its brilliance .
Pillow Talk ( 1959 )
The first film to co-star Doris Day and Rock Hudson , “ Pillow Talk ” remains one of the screen ’s most definitive , influential and timeless romantic comedies .
Sweet and sophisticated , it is a time capsule of 1950s America .
Two single New Yorkers develop an anonymous , antagonistic relationship by sharing a telephone “ party line . ”
Both romance and complications ensue when they finally meet in person .
The film is a perfect showcase for its two charismatic stars , especially the effervescent Day who demonstrates why she was both America ’s Sweetheart and one of cinema ’s finest comediennes .
Precious Images ( 1986 )
Chuck Workman ’s legendary compilation film to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Directors Guild of America is also a dazzling celebration of the first near - century of American cinema .
The pioneer of rapid - fire film history montages , “ Precious Images ” contains in the space of seven short minutes nearly 500 clips from classic films spanning the years 1903 - 1985 .
It became the most influential and widely shown short film in history .
Workman is known for creating the montages shown during the annual Academy Awards broadcast .
Quasi at the Quackadero ( 1975 )
“ Quasi at the Quackadero ” has earned the term “ unique . ”
Once described as a “ mixture of 1930s Van Beuren cartoons and 1960s R. Crumb comics with a dash of Sam Flax , ” and a descendent of the “ Depression - era funny animal cartoon , ” Sally Cruikshank ’s wildly imaginative tale of odd creatures visiting a psychedelic amusement park careens creatively from strange to truly wacky scenes .
It became a favorite of the Midnight Movie circuit in the 1970s .
Cruikshank later created animation sequences for “ Sesame Street , ” the 1986 film “ Ruthless People ” and the “ Cartoon Land ” sequence in the 1983 film “ Twilight Zone : The Movie . ”
The Red Book ( 1994 )
Renowned experimental filmmaker and theater / installation artist Janie Geiser ’s work is known for its ambiguity , explorations of memory and emotional states and exceptional design .
She describes “ The Red Book ” as “ an elliptical , pictographic animated film that uses flat , painted figures and collage elements in both two and three dimensional settings to explore the realms of memory , language and identity from the point of view of a woman amnesiac . ”
The Revenge of Pancho Villa ( 1930 - 36 )
This extraordinary compilation film was made by the Padilla family in El Paso , Texas , from dozens of fact - based and fictional films about Pancho Villa .
The films were stitched together with original bilingual title cards and dramatic reenactments of Villa ’s assassination were added to the revised print .
“ The Revenge of Pancho Villa ” provides stirring evidence of a vital Mexican - American film presence during the 1910 - 30s .
Scratch and Crow ( 1995 )
Helen
Hill ’s student film was made at the California Institute of the Arts .
Consistent with the short films she made from age 11 until her death at 36 , this animated short work is filled with vivid color and a light sense of humor .
It is also a poetic and spiritual homage to animals and the human soul .
Stark Love ( 1927 )
A maverick production in both design and concept , “ Stark Love ” is a beautifully photographed mix of lyrical anthropology and action melodrama from director Karl Brown .
“ Man is absolute ruler .
Woman is working slave . ”
Such are the rigid attitudes framing this tale of a country boy ’s beliefs about chivalry that lead him to try to escape a brutal father with the girl he loves .
“ Stark Love , ” cast exclusively with amateur actors and filmed entirely in the Great Smoky Mountains , is an illuminating portrayal of the Appalachian people .
The Story of G.I. Joe ( 1945 )
William Wellman ’s gritty portrayal of the realities of war was based on the newspaper columns of war correspondent Ernie Pyle , played with understated realism by Burgess Meredith .
In the film , Pyle follows a small group of ordinary infantrymen from North Africa into Italy , and his observations reflect the full gamut of human emotion that war invokes while trying to make sense of the inhuman randomness of war ’s destruction .
A Study in Reds ( 1932 )
This polished amateur film by Miriam Bennett spoofs women ’s clubs and the Soviet menace in the 1930s .
While listening to a tedious lecture on the Soviet threat , Wisconsin Dells ’ Tuesday Club members fall asleep and find themselves laboring in an all - women collective in Russia under the unflinching eye of the Soviet special police .
Thriller ( 1983 )
The most famous music video of all time , “ Thriller ” caused such a buzz that it was also released theatrically in 35 mm .
As a follow - up to his smash 1982 album and single , Michael Jackson revolutionized the music industry with this lavish and expensive production .
Acclaimed filmmaker John Landis ( “ Animal House ” and “ Blues Brothers ” ) directed and co-wrote the video .
Under Western Stars ( 1938 )
“ Under Western Stars ” turned Roy Rogers into a movie star .
In the film , Rogers plays a populist cowboy / congressman elected to champion for small ranchers ’ water rights during the Dust Bowl .
He and his golden palomino Trigger appeared in nearly 100 films and a long - running television series .
Known as “ King of the Cowboys , ” the popular Rogers had an enormous impact on American audiences .
Rogers was perceived as the almost perfect embodiment of what a cowboy should be in appearance , values , good manners and chivalrous behavior .
Films Selected to the 2009 National Film Registry
1. Dog Day Afternoon ( 1975 )
2. The Exiles ( 1961 )
3. Heroes All ( 1920 )
4. Hot Dogs for Gauguin ( 1972 )
5 . The Incredible Shrinking Man ( 1957 )
6. Jezebel ( 1938 )
7. The Jungle ( 1967 )
8. The Lead Shoes ( 1949 )
9. Little Nemo ( 1911 )
10 . Mabel ’s Blunder ( 1914 )
11 . The Mark of Zorro ( 1940 )
12 . Mrs. Miniver ( 1942 )
13 . The Muppet Movie ( 1979 )
14 . Once Upon a Time in the West ( 1968 )
15 . Pillow Talk ( 1959 )
16 . Precious Images ( 1986 )
17 . Quasi at the Quackadero ( 1975 )
18 . The Red Book ( 1994 )
19 . The Revenge of Pancho Villa ( 1930 - 36 )
20 . Scratch and Crow ( 1995 )
21 . Stark Love ( 1927 )
22 . The Story of G.I. Joe ( 1945 )
23 . A Study in Reds ( 1932 )
24 . Thriller ( 1983 )
25 . Under Western Stars ( 1938 )
Rachel Maddow via Rawstory catches Graham on the Senate floor actually citing Blacks as a disadvantage for his state .
Really .
Just unbelievable stuff :
Throughout the nation there are going to be thousands more people enrolled in medicaid and every state except one is going to have to come up with matching money , " Graham remarks .
" I have 12 percent unemployment in South Carolina .
My state 's on its knees .
I have 31 % African - American population in South Carolina . "
" We 've got it tough , " he adds .
" We 're on our knees .
12 percent of our people are unemployed and 31 percent of our people are black . "
Graham later says : " My state , with 30 percent African - American citizens , a lot of low income people in South Carolina is going to cost my state a billion dollars , that 's the same old stuff that I object to .
That 's not change we can believe in .
That 's sleazy . "
Really ?
This is your argument against Health Care Reform ?
Because your state has a higher percentage of Blacks than other states ?
And yet you get all upset when people say say South Carolina is a racist state .
I do n't think I need to rehash the history of South Carolina politics over the last 100 years or so , but suffice it to say , it ain't been pretty where matters of race are concerned .
And this just reiterates the criticisms of the GOP being out of touch and concerned only with the fiscal aspect of legislation and not the human aspect .
Here 's the video from the Rachel Maddow show last night :
If you can't view the video , you can find it here : http://rawstory.com/...
Graham will probably say his statement was " taken out of context " , but Rachel discovers he made the same argument not once , but twice :
" The argument here appears to be that Sen .
Graham believes it is sleazy to expect a state with lots of black people in it , to have health reform , " Maddow says .
" Because you know , black people .
Maybe he meant something other than what it seemed like with those remarks .
But it should be noted he did use the same inexplicable argument twice .
Once on the Senate floor and once on The Today Show .
We contacted Sen . Graham 's office today for an explanation .
We 'll let you know when and if we hear back . "
This is the kind of thing we should be talking about , because if do n't , the media sure wo n't because Dems fighting Dems is a much more interesting story to them .
Especially if they are attacking the President .
So let 's get it together folks .
A lot of GOP shenanigans have been ignored because of this infighting .
It 's GOT TO STOP !.
** UPDATE **
According to statehealthfacts.org , the percentage of Non Elderly Whites on Medicaid is more than Non Elderly Blacks .
Not by much , but this makes Graham 's statement even more atrocious .
news Zombie Walkers Play Dead for Shuffling Success
It ’s a bit early for the dead to rise this month .
Toronto ’s annual zombie walk — the seventh , can you believe — happened a full week before Halloween .
But considering that the cruising speed of the average zombie is slightly faster than the Gardiner Expressway on Friday night , one week is probably about enough time to allow them to complete the course .
This year , all the participants assembled in the pit near Gore Vale Avenue in Trinity - Bellwoods Park .
Here , people queued up to be undeadified at the Resident Evil make up tent .
Thomas , from the Beach , was there because zombies “ are the in thing at the moment . ”
One of the artists , Allison , started off painting Thomas ’s face with fake blood .
Then she smeared white goo over his beard , offering careful removal advice as she attached tissue paper to his cheek for texture .
Her day job includes work shows on the Discovery Channel .
“ I originally started in funeral service , ” she explained .
The horde milled around and chatted , until , at about 2:30 p.m. , all the zombies rejoiced that the sun had finally come out .
Jeez , get into character , guys .
This year ’s zombie march was routed differently .
The reanimated carrion walked from Trinity - Bellwoods Park down Dundas Street West , then north through Kensington Market ( allowing several opportunities for the undead to wave their arms at vegan cafés screaming , “ GRAAINS ! ” ) .
There was then a brief shamble west along College Street , before the final stretch — up pleasant , leafy , Borden Street and then a conclusion at an enormous zombie log - jam at Bathurst subway station .
Torontoist , chasing the horde north on the Bathurst streetcar , had to explain to the elderly couple sitting behind that their journey was delayed because of zombies on the line .
Arguably the best dressed was Sarah Zombie Palin , otherwise known as Nicole , waving a town - hall protester ’s sign : “ I NEED BRAINS . ”
Props also go to the man dressed as a giant brain ( an idea that seemed somewhat risky ) .
But prizes went to a king zombie , the undead dad , and the prom couple corpses .
There were a few zombie dogs , too , probably a consequence of the start place / time of the walk being afternoon munchies in the park ’s off - leash area .
And , this year , there was a marriage proposal between the two organizers .
“ I want to walk with the dead with you for ever , ” Adam Pearson told Thea Munster , who readily assented to giving her hand ( in matrimony ; not literally ) .
Hopefully , any future children wo n’t be kicked out of kindergarten for biting .
Next Halloween weekend , of course , everyone probably gets to do this all over again with the Zombie Short Film Festival and any number of events throughout the city .
( Keep a detached eyeball on Torontoist and Urban Planner this week for the latest spooky goings on . )
And zombies in Toronto have been done many times before .
But here ’s an idea .
Just for once , it would be nice to have a parade of something other than zombies .
Vampires are quite glamorous at the moment , and plants are reportedly kicking shambling asses .
Or you could have anything .
Elvis .
Gnomes , perhaps .
Or maybe different kinds of cheese .
But zombies … well , there ca n’t be much breath left in them — or can there ?
All photographs by Miles Storey / Torontoist .
Earlier this month DoubleX , Slate 's short - lived female - oriented publication ( launched six months ago and about to be folded back into the parent site as a women 's section ) , ran an article ringing the alarm about the dire threat posed by the power of the men 's rights movement .
But the article , written by New York - based freelance writer Kathryn Joyce and titled " Men 's Rights ' Groups Have Become Frighteningly Effective , " says more about the state of feminism — and journalistic bias — than it does about men's groups .
Joyce 's indictment is directed at a loose network of activists seeking to raise awareness and change policy on such issues as false accusations of domestic violence , the plight of divorced fathers denied access to children , and domestic abuse of men .
In her view , groups such as RADAR ( Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting ) and individuals like columnist and radio talk show host Glenn Sacks are merely " respectable " and " savvy " faces for what is actually an anti-female backlash from " angry white men . "
As proof of this underlying misogyny , Joyce asserts that men who commit " acts of violence perceived to be in opposition to a feminist status quo " are routinely lionized in the men 's movement .
This claim is purportedly backed up with a reference that , in fact , does not in any way support it : an article in Foreign Policy about the decline of male dominance around the globe .
Joyce 's one specific example is that the diary of George Sodini , a Pittsburgh man who opened fire on women in a gym in retaliation for feeling rejected by women , was reposted online by the blogger " Angry Harry " as a wake - up call to the Western world that " it can not continue to treat men so appallingly and get away with it . "
But does this have anything to do with more mainstream men's rights groups ?
The original version of the article claimed that Sacks , who called " Harry " an " idiot " in his interview with Joyce , nonetheless " cautiously defends " the blogger ; DoubleX later ran a correction on this point .
Sacks himself admits to Joyce that the men's movement has a " not- insubstantial lunatic fringe . "
Yet in her eyes , even the mainstream men's groups are promoting a dangerous agenda , above all infiltrating mainstream opinion with the view that reports of domestic violence are exaggerated and that a lot of spousal abuse is female - perpetrated .
The latter claim , Joyce asserts , comes from " a small group of social scientists " led by " sociologist Murray Straus of the University of New Hampshire , who has written extensively on female violence . "
( In fact , Straus , founder of the renowned Family Research Laboratory at the University of New Hampshire , is a pre-eminent scholar on family violence in general and was the first to conduct national surveys on the prevalence of wife - beating . )
Joyce repeats common critiques of Straus ' research :
For instance , he equates " a woman pushing a man in self - defense to a man pushing a woman down the stairs " or " a single act of female violence with years of male abuse . "
Yet these charges have been long refuted : Straus ' studies measure the frequency of violence and specifically inquire about which partner initiated the physical violence .
Furthermore , Joyce fails to mention that virtually all social scientists studying domestic violence , including self - identified feminists such as University of Pittsburgh psychologist Irene Frieze , find high rates of mutual aggression .
Reviews of hundreds of existing studies , such as one conducted by University of Central Lancashire psychologist John Archer in a 2000 article in Psychological Bulletin , have found that at least in Western countries , women are as likely to initiate partner violence as men .
While the consequences to women are more severe — they are twice as likely to report injuries and about three times more likely to fear an abusive spouse — these findings also show that men hardly escape unscathed .
Joyce claims that " Straus ' research is starting to move public opinion , " but in fact , some of the strongest recent challenges to the conventional feminist view of domestic violence — as almost invariably involving female victims and male batterers — come from female scholars like New York University psychologist Linda Mills .
Contrary to Joyce 's claims , these challenges , so far , have made very limited inroads into public opinion .
One of her examples of the scary power of men's rights groups is that " a Los Angeles conference this July dedicated to discussing male victims of domestic violence , ' From Ideology to Inclusion 2009 : New Directions in Domestic Violence Research and Intervention , ' received positive mainstream press for its ' inclusive ' efforts . ' "
In fact , the conference — which featured leading researchers on domestic violence from several countries , half of them women , and focused on much more than just male victims — received virtually no mainstream press coverage .
One of the very few exceptions was a column I wrote for The Boston Globe , also reprinted in the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette .
Whatever minor successes men's groups may have achieved , the reality is that public policy on domestic violence in the U.S. is heavily dominated by feminist advocacy groups .
For the most part , these groups embrace a rigid orthodoxy that treats domestic violence as male terrorism against women , rooted in patriarchal power and intended to enforce it .
They also have a record of making grotesquely exaggerated , thoroughly debunked claims about an epidemic of violence against women — for instance , that battering causes more hospital visits by women every year than car accidents , muggings , and cancer combined .
These advocacy groups practically designed the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 , and they dominate the state coalitions against domestic violence to which local domestic violence programs must belong in order to qualify for federal funds .
As a result of the advocates ' influence , federal assistance is denied to programs that offer joint counseling to couples in which there is domestic violence , and court - mandated treatment for violent men downplays drug and alcohol abuse ( since it 's all about the patriarchy ) .
Against the backdrop of this enforced party line , Joyce is alarmed by the smallest signs that men's rights groups may be gaining even a modest voice in framing domestic violence policy .
She points out that in a few states , men 's rights activists have succeeded in " criminalizing false claims of domestic violence in custody cases " ( this is apparently meant to be a bad thing ) and " winning rulings that women - only shelters are discriminatory " ( in fact , the California Court of Appeals ruled last year that state - funded domestic violence programs that refuse to provide service to abused men violate constitutional guarantees of equal protection , but also emphasized that the services need not be identical and coed shelters are not required ) .
To bolster her case , Joyce consistently quotes advocates — or scholars explicitly allied with the advocacy movement , such as Edward Gondolf of the Mid-Atlantic Addiction Research and Training Institute — to discredit the claims of the men 's movement .
She also repeats uncorroborated allegations that many leaders of the movement are themselves abusers , but offers only one specific example : eccentric British activist Jason Hatch , who once scaled Buckingham Palace in a Batman costume to protest injustices against fathers , and who was taken to court for allegedly threatening one of his ex-wives during a custody dispute .
The article is laced with the presumption that , with regard to both general data and individual cases , any charge of domestic violence made by a woman against a man must be true .
One case Joyce uses to illustrate her thesis is that of Genia Shockome , who claimed to have been severely battered by her ex-husband Tim and lost custody of her two children after being accused of intentionally alienating them from their father .
Yet Joyce never mentions that Shockome 's claims of violent abuse were unsupported by any evidence , that she herself did not mention any abuse in her initial divorce complaint , or that three custody evaluators — including a feminist psychologist who had worked with the Battered Women 's Justice Center at Pace University — sided with the father .
More than a quarter - century ago , British feminist philosopher Janet Radcliffe Richards wrote , " No feminist whose concern for women stems from a concern for justice in general can ever legitimately allow her only interest to be the advantage of women . "
Joyce 's article is a stark example of feminism as exclusive concern with women and their perceived advantage , rather than justice or truth .
Cathy Young is a contributing editor at Reason magazine and a columnist for RealClearPolitics.com .
She is the author of Ceasefire : Why Women and Men Must Join Forces to Achieve True Equality .
This article originally appeared at Forbes .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
A top executive of the American International Group has been granted more than a $ 4 million increase in a pay package because the executive has decided to remain with the company .
The Obama administration ’s pay adviser , Kenneth R. Feinberg , approved a request by A.I.G. , the insurance giant , to grant the executive a long - term compensation package that included stock options with a current value of $ 3.26 million and an additional incentive award of up to $ 1 million .
The package comes on top of the person ’s 2009 base salary of $ 450,000 .
In a letter released by the Treasury Department on Monday , Mr. Feinberg said he was granting the request so that the executive ’s long - term package would be comparable to those already granted to A.I.G.’s other top 25 executives .
The executive had been planning to leave the company and had not been granted long - term compensation benefits .
The Treasury , citing privacy restrictions , declined to reveal the executive ’s name , and an A.I.G. spokesman said the company would not disclose it , either .
FULLTIME DAD : Craig Bullen gave up work to be the sole carer of his son , Miles , 16 months
Kiwi fathers need four weeks paid parental leave , the Families Commission says .
Families Commissioner Gregory Fortuin said " the initial bonding phase with a child is crucial for a child 's development " and fathers needed their own leave entitlement .
" When a strong attachment is made , the positive effects are felt throughout the child 's life , " Fortuin said .
At present , fathers are entitled to two weeks unpaid leave .
Mothers can transfer up to 14 weeks of their paid parental leave entitlement to their partner .
However , a commission report , Supporting Kiwi Dads , shows almost half the 1721 fathers surveyed were unable to take parental leave .
The report also found that fathers from all backgrounds were satisfied they were doing a good job as parents and they believed they were more engaged with their children compared with their own fathers .
" Overall , fathers report that they are doing a great job , spend about 37 hours a week with their children , and are involved in a variety of aspects of their children 's lives , such as homework and changing nappies . "
However , most fathers wanted to spend more time with their children .
The report also found fathers were heavily involved in family chores , with fathers usually splitting responsibility for housework and childcare evenly with their partners .
Harald Breiding - Buss , of the Christchurch Father & Child Trust , yesterday praised the report .
" We 've been trying to tell service organisations that things have changed and parents see this [ raising children ] as a partnership .
" Fathers and mothers raise children together , and this report shows this is the reality . "
He said men were unlikely to take parental leave away from mothers and needed their own guaranteed paid leave .
Sacrifices made to be a father
Craig Bullen , 40 , became a first - time father last year .
Eight weeks after his son Miles was born , Bullen became the baby 's sole carer .
At the time , Christchurch - based Bullen was working as a labourer for TransDiesel in Hornby .
Within three days , Bullen went from fulltime worker to fulltime father and immediately applied for paid parental leave .
However , he said he was told by Inland Revenue that he would not get paid leave because he was a father .
" I was livid , " Bullen said .
" I now understand what women have been going through for a long time , being discriminated against because of your sex . "
Bullen had to leave his job to look after his son and the bills began to pile up .
He applied for the domestic purposes benefit from Work and Income , and now receives $ 419 a week .
However , it was difficult , he said .
" I 'm on $ 419 a week and I 'm used to $ 800 a week when I worked , " he said .
" It 's tough .
It 's like being on an island at times .
" You have n't got the money to go anywhere .
You cope .
" You get out , you go walking .
It is hard .
It was a big shock . "
He said he missed his job and having company , but his son had to come first .
" It was not an easy decision to make , but I have no regrets at all . "
Bullen said he was doing a good job as a father .
" It just came naturally to me . "
A top member of the Iraqi Army , Brigadier General Riad Majid , was killed today in front of his home on the outskirts of Baghdad , when unknown assailants opened fire on him .
General Majid was an inspector for the Defense Ministry and is just the latest casualty in a long line of attacks by insurgents on members of the nation ’s security forces .
Meanwhile , a Sunni candidate for parliament was also assassinated today in a “ sticky bomb ” attack near Fallujah .
Saud Essawi was a member of Interior Minister Jawad al - Bolani ’s Iraqi Unity Alliance .
Two of his bodyguards were also slain .
Attacks across Iraq have been on the rise in the last several months , with hundreds killed in the most high profile attacks .
Around 120,000 US soldiers remain in Iraq , though some are predicted to leave after the March elections .
Hulu died on October 21st , 2009 , a victim of a severe case of SEM ( Stupid Executive Meddling ) Syndrome , as they decided to make it a paid service .
It was two years old , cut down in its prime .
Hulu burst onto the scene as a dynamic new voice in distributing television .
Sure , it was just the old way of TV except on the Internet , but amazing , as long as they did n’t have to pay for it , people did n’t mind sitting through some ads to watch basic cable TV shows .
But like all great artists , Hulu fell victim to syncophants and its own excesses .
Hulu rapidly lost all of its friends and the were replaced with hangers - on that convinced it that it was the only one showing TV shows anywhere on the Web and that its users would gladly accept any abuse .
Indeed , that they would greet the idea of suddenly being forced to pay for content where before it was free with hosannahs and dancing .
It was addicted to the insidious drug known as “ subscription fees ” , which alter the users brain chemistry into thinking people will actually pay for things on the Internet .
Hulu , unable to use this dangerous drug well , overdosed and accidentally was crushed under a wave of bad press .
And so , we are here , to mourn Hulu , to bury its code and move on , its bereaved users falling back into the arms of Torrents , its content providers blithely ignoring its death as an anomaly .
But let us not grieve , or despair .
Hulu may have fallen prey to the utter stupidity of television executives who honestly think “ The Vampire Diaries ” is as high quality as “ Mad Men ” , but soon another site will rise to take its place .
We can only hope it learns from Hulu’s , and our , loss .
Donations in the deceased ’s name may be made to the Gunaxin Beer Fund .
Tags
In a politicized society , it seems to me that the true believers really do n't have conversations as much as they deliver monologues of talking points .
For example , a colleague of mine recently told me that " global warming " has become such a crisis that " new hurricanes are being created every 13 seconds . "
This would mean that more than a million hurricanes appear in the Atlantic every year — a claim that is preposterous on its face — but this does not seem to faze her .
Her political party has told her that " global warming " is a catastrophe , and that is good enough for her .
One of the characteristics of people who perpetuate political talking points is their inability to be " confused with facts . "
In such a society , one sticks to the narrative no matter what .
So it is with Paul Krugman .
There is real irony in what Krugman writes concerning so - called financial deregulation .
In a recent New York Times column , Krugman declares ,
When I first began writing for The Times , I was naïve about many things .
But my biggest misconception was this : I actually believed that influential people could be moved by evidence , that they would change their views if events completely refuted their beliefs .
If there is anything that characterizes Paul Krugman , it is his constant devotion to following his chosen narrative — that Ronald Reagan and his gang of free marketeers turned the US financial sector into a free - market experiment with disastrous results .
Furthermore , in his narrative , government regulation ( when a Democratic administration is in office ) is always wise , all knowing , and locked in battle against irresponsible free enterprise .
Krugman has demonstrated himself to be incapable of grasping any other viewpoint , even when the historical evidence has refuted him .
So it is with his latest column .
I will let Krugman 's own words speak for him :
Let 's recall how we got into our current mess .
America emerged from the Great Depression with a tightly regulated banking system .
The regulations worked : the nation was spared major financial crises for almost four decades after World War II . …
The first big wave of deregulation took place under Ronald Reagan — and quickly led to disaster , in the form of the savings - and - loan crisis of the 1980s .
Taxpayers ended up paying more than 2 percent of G.D.P. , the equivalent of around $ 300 billion today , to clean up the mess .
But the proponents of deregulation were undaunted , and in the decade leading up to the current crisis , politicians in both parties bought into the notion that New Deal - era restrictions on bankers were nothing but pointless red tape .
In a memorable 2003 incident , top bank regulators staged a photo - op in which they used garden shears and a chainsaw to cut up stacks of paper representing regulations .
Well , not exactly .
It seems that Krugman has tried to stuff a few facts down the memory hole .
History and Paul Krugman might not be allies here .
For instance , the first real , sweeping legislation toward banking and financial " deregulation " was the Depository Institutions Deregulation and Monetary Control Act ( DIDMCA ) , which was passed by a Congress dominated by the Democratic Party and signed by President Jimmy Carter in 1980 .
Now , unless I am mistaken , Carter and the Democrats of that time were not exactly ideological Reaganites , but none of that matters to Krugman and his followers .
The idea is that if they repeat the mantra enough times , it will come true .
The DIDMCA legislation did not occur in a vacuum , and it certainly was not created in an ideological frenzy .
In the late 1970s , the United States was suffering from serious stagflation , with unemployment rates rising to their highest levels since the Great Depression , and inflation soaring in the double digits .
" History and Paul Krugman might not be allies here . "
To make matters worse , interest rates were rising ( the prime rate ultimately reached 21.5 percent in 1982 ) and banks and savings - and - loans institutions were constrained from allowing market rates on their savings accounts by Regulation Q. ( Interestingly , the New York Times itself editorialized in favor of eliminating Regulation Q , and it was the Democrats that did away with it , not conservative Republicans or Ronald Reagan . )
The push to eliminate interest - rate ceilings was not borne of conservative ideology , no matter what Krugman might claim .
Instead , savings and loan institutions ( S&Ls ) found themselves rapidly losing reserves , and people pulled their money from the low - interest accounts and put them into money - market accounts .
To make matters worse , a number of S&Ls had mortgages being paid back at interest rates of 5 and 6 percent , which meant they were losing money .
Thus , it should not be surprising that banks and S&Ls were facing some real crises , and Congress sought to address those problems .
( Whether or not DIDMCA was the best way to deal with the issues is up for debate . )
Second , many of the early advocates for deregulation came from the so - called " liberal " side of the Democratic Party .
Ted Kennedy sponsored airline deregulation in 1978 , and Alfred Kahn , Jimmy Carter 's economic advisor and his " Inflation Czar , " was the architect for many of the deregulation initiatives .
In fact , Ronald Reagan received an endorsement from the Teamsters union in 1980 after he agreed to delay trucking deregulation for two years .
The small , highly regulated banking sector that Krugman praises was clearly not able to handle the numerous new investments in high technology and telecommunications that came about during the 1980s .
In fact , for many of these innovations , from Ted Turner 's Cable News Network , founded in 1980 , to the advent of modern cell phones via McCaw Cellular , the main financial engine was Michael Milken and his " junk bond " empire at Drexel Burnham Lambert .
Milken also was behind the financing of many leveraged buyouts and mergers that shook up the complacent US firms , which were clearly falling behind in global business .
Contrary to what Krugman or others might think , Milken was not a product of financial deregulation ; he operated outside the banking sector .
Furthermore , his investments were not " protected " by the moral hazard of deposit insurance or any implicit guarantee that the Federal Reserve System would " bail out " Drexel if it made bad economic choices .
What Drexel did not have , however , was the political backing to survive .
Regarding the opposition to Drexel , Jeff Scott said ,
In general , established business interests do not like innovations that undermine their competitive position .
It is well documented that the exaggerated charges against junk bond - financed takeovers had a basis in self - serving motives .
One can only grimace in disbelief at the inconsistencies of top U.S. companies who rationalize mergers when big buys small but inveigh against LBOs ( small buying big ) .
Murray N. Rothbard also spoke out against the opposition to Milken and Drexel :
What Milken did was to resurrect and make flourish the takeover bid concept through the issue of high - yield bonds ( the " leveraged buy - out " ) .
The new takeover process enraged the Rockefeller - type corporate elite , and enriched both Mr. Milken and his employers , who had the sound business sense to hire Milken on commission , and to keep the commission going despite the wrath of the establishment .
In the process , Drexel Burnham grew from a small , third - tier investment firm to one of the giants of Wall Street . …
The big banks who were tied in with the existing , inefficient corporate elites , found that the upstart takeover groups could make an end run around the banks by floating high - yield bonds on the open market .
I bring out the Milken situation because the so - called ideological " deregulators " that Krugman claims turned Wall Street into a chaotic , " free - market " free - for - all actually supported action against Milken .
The notion that David Rockefeller is an apostle for free markets might play well in the New York Times , but it does not square with the facts .
The other point is that the " deregulation " of the savings and loan system in particular and financial services in general expanded the moral hazard that is built into a fractional - reserve system .
For all of the talk that the banking system needs to be re-regulated , one cannot have a wide - open financial system and a government backstop that keeps financial institutions from experiencing the full force of bad investment decisions .
Despite Krugman 's rewriting of history , there is no doubt that the banking and financial systems in 1980 were in trouble .
Ironically , by turning on Milken , the government actually increased the moral hazard within the system .
The reason I make this point is because Milken did not operate with government financial guarantees .
If the system he developed succeeded , then he and others associated with him profited ; if it failed , they and those that invested with them bore the costs , but the costs could be contained within the economy .
" The notion that David Rockefeller is an apostle for free markets might play well in the New York Times , but it does not square with the facts . "
Once the government made it clear that the success of Drexel and Milken would not be tolerated ( Rudy Giuliani used his unjustified prosecution of Milken and others on Wall Street to jump - start his political career ) , that made it even easier for the government - protected banking system to gain political favors .
They had used the state to destroy the competition , but by encouraging expansion of the subsidized financial backstop , the banking sector also set the stage for its own set of major crises .
Certainly , the S&L meltdown of 1989 – 1990 ( which occurred in part because tax " reform " in 1986 affected the value of real estate , the asset that dominated S&L portfolios ) was a precursor .
But instead of trying to deal directly with the cause of the problem , Congress and the Federal Reserve created a system in which the government took over " troubled " assets from failed S&Ls and sold them to the general public .
To make matters worse , after Alan Greenspan became chairman of the Fed in 1987 , the government 's policy of creating and expanding moral hazard became even more pronounced .
First , after the stock - market crash of October 1987 ( caused , as financial economist Mark Mitchell noted 20 years ago , by unwise legislation being pushed through Congress ) , Greenspan vowed that the Fed stood by to " provide liquidity " to the financial system .
Thus , the infamous " Greenspan Put " was born .
Second , Greenspan used his influence to recklessly expand not only the nation 's monetary base but also the power of the Fed .
The recession of 2001 , coming in the wake of the collapse of the Fed - produced stock - market bubble , should have been a dire warning , but Greenspan managed ( in the words of Peter Schiff ) to " seamlessly move from one bubble to another . "
Taking cues from Greenspan and Bernanke , the financial system not only had some of the regulatory handcuffs removed but also pursued " opportunities " they never would have gone after had there not been the wink and a nod from the Fed .
Ironically , the most free - market financial titan had been Milken himself , and it is no accident that many of the companies he financed would become major leaders in the development of high technology .
Perhaps it is not at all ironic that the Wall Street barons and the political classes would unite to stop the free market .
None of this will make it into Krugman 's narrative .
His response to our financial history of the past 30 years reminds me of detective Hercule Poirot in Murder on the Orient Express .
After having examined all of the evidence in the murder and being faced with an obvious conclusion , Poirot decides to pursue an alternate ( and untrue ) explanation , mostly to protect the killers .
" There is sound economic theory and evidence that clearly explains what has happened in the US financial system these past three decades . "
There is sound economic theory and evidence that clearly explains what has happened in the US financial system these past three decades .
But Krugman pursues the easier ( and less - believable ) account : ideological free marketeers recklessly permitted other ideological free marketeers on Wall Street to pursue their ideological investments , all of which came crashing down .
Instead of providing even a cursory reading of the actual financial situation in 1980 , Krugman creates his own politicized narrative .
Now , if a politician or an English professor were to be providing this account , that would be one thing .
I expect politicians to be dishonest and self - serving , and I expect English professors to be ideological leftists incapable of coherent economic thought .
But when an economist — and one as decorated as Krugman — says these things , my mood turns much darker .
There is a reason for him to pursue this false narrative , and it is not because he actually believes it .
Eigentor
NDR Info exklusiv : Daimler verlangt Blutproben von Bewerbern - Experten sehen rechtswidriges Handeln
Zitate aus der Meldung frei bei Nennung " NDR Info "
Bei der Einstellung von neuen Mitarbeitern wendet der Daimler - Konzern fragwürdige Methoden an .
Nach Informationen von NDR Info müssen Bewerber für neue Stellen schon während des Bewerbungsverfahrens Blutproben abgeben .
Nun aber berichten Beschäftigte des NDR , dass auch der Sender selbst Stellenbewerber zum Bluttest bitte . [...]
Der NDR bestätigte , dass allen Bewerbern , die einen Arbeitsvertrag erhalten sollen , Blut abgenommen werde .
( aus einer Pressemitteilung des NDR vom 28.10 .
( aus der taz vom 4.11 .
by Brett Stevens on December 13 , 2009
A few heretical thoughts to keep you interested :
We give extreme negative power to the wrong people in this society .
We reward the voice who shouts an epithet from the crowd , maybe “ Communist ” or “ racist ” or “ elitist , ” but never demand accountability for him .
As a result , we deprive people of the ability to build especially in the areas where we most need construction .
Intelligence is relative .
That means that people cannot understand an idea that requires more intelligence than they have in order to conceive of it .
This is why we can “ educate ” people in behaviors , but unless they understand the cause / effect relationship about why those behaviors are superior , they are simply mimicking the original .
Creating misery .
In a situation where objections stop change , no real change occurs , and so it treats us to dress up the same old stuff as new and refreshing .
This creates a false sense of motion while we really suffer from cabin fever .
The difference between what we know inside to be true , and what we can say , then makes us see double .
Creating misery .
In a situation where objections stop change , no real change occurs , and so it treats us to dress up the same old stuff as new and refreshing .
This creates a false sense of motion while we really suffer from cabin fever .
The difference between what we know inside to be true , and what we can say , then makes us see double .
Conservationism .
There is only one environmental issue , and that is whether or not we can set aside at last half of earth ’s land to be untouched by humans .
Nature will replenish itself , including our atmosphere , if given enough space .
But when you divide this space with roads and fences and pipelines , or worse still build on it , ecosystems are disrupted and the renewal does not occur .
The most green action is to forget green products and simply conserve land in its natural state or let land go to its fallow state .
We are conquered .
We are a conquered people .
We allow our cities to have whole square mile areas where good people do n’t go ; we accept that our politicians lie to us ; we accept that we are under constant assault by news stories that are really salicious entertainment , advertising messages too numerous to count , and cretinous advice from our peers .
Only a conquered people tolerates such treatment .
Strings attached .
A passive person can sabotage any project by adding requirements that are irrelevant and frustrating , driving away the first - rate minds , who hate tedium , and guaranteeing a mediocre result .
People feel as if they gain power each time they sabotage something another person is doing .
Words and bullets .
If shouting “ Fire ! ” in a crowded theatre is considered a fatal lie , why do we excuse movies , books , and pamphlets that tell us lies ?
Of course : our sacred cow , “ freedom . ”
But what is freedom when the only lies available are the ones that someone wanted to buy before they were told ?
One child per family .
What a great rule — as long as encourage those people who are intelligent , healthy and of good character to have as many children as they can afford , preferably 20 or 30 each .
We do n’t need more people ; we need more good people .
We ’ve already got enough people who are not particularly good in any way , so make their hobby of sabotaging better people their actual primary goal .
Cause and effect .
Most people flee inward when trying to predict cause backward from effect , because they know ( subliminally ) that they will usually identify the medium of transfer as cause when it was something else entirely .
Similarly , people like conflict avoidance because they fear conflict , but the conflict was n’t the cause of itself — another underlying cause remains , and avoiding the conflict just pours the gasoline of discontent on top of the ire of an honest cause , guaranteeing more vicious future conflict .
Hippies .
Hippies are like people who think you can eat only dessert and still get a nutritious meal .
Combat , death , disease , hatred and horror exist from the same mathematic that produced love .
Is n’t the greatest love to accept life as a whole , instead of forcing the conditions of our puny human judgment and our callow emotions upon it ?
With luck , these ’ll lead to a blasphemous week of the best kind — blasphemy against unstated taboos , socially - assured illusions , bad psychology and false advertising .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
By Hugo Chávez Frías , President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela , translated by Kiraz Janicke for Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal
December 20 , 2009
``I will not tire of repeating to the four winds : the only possible and viable alternative is socialism .
I said it in each of my speeches to all the world representatives gathered in Copenhagen , the world 's most important event in the last two hundred years : there is no other way if we want to stop this heartless and debased competition that promises only total annihilation . "
– Hugo Chávez
I
Copenhagen was the scene of a historic battle in the framework of the 15th Conference of the United Nations Convention on Climate Change ( COP15 ) .
Better said , in the beautiful , snowy capital of Denmark , a battle began that did not end on Friday , December 18 , 2009 .
I reiterate : Copenhagen was only the beginning of a decisive battle for the salvation of the planet .
It was a battle in the realm of ideas and in praxis .
Brazilian Leonardo Boff , a great liberation theologian and one of the most authoritative voices on environmental issues , in a key article , entitled What is at stake in Copenhagen ? , wrote these words full of insight and courage :
What can we expect from Copenhagen ?
At least this simple confession :
We can not continue like this .
And a simple proposition : Let ’s change course .
And for that reason , precisely , we went to Copenhagen to battle for a change of course on behalf of Venezuela , on behalf of the Bolivarian Alliance ( ALBA ) , and moreover , in defence of the cause of humanity and to speak , with President Evo Morales , in defence of the rights of Pachamama , of Mother Earth .
Evo , who together with yours truly , had the responsibility to be a spokesperson for the Bolivarian Alliance , wisely said :
What this debate is about , is whether we are going to live or we are going to die .
All eyes of the world were concentrated on Copenhagen : the 15th Conference on Climate Change allowed us to gauge the fibre we are made of , where hope lies and what can we do to establish what the Liberator Simón Bolívar defined as the equilibrium of the universe , an equilibrium that can never be achieved within the capitalist world system .
II
Before our arrival in Copenhagen , the African bloc , backed by the Group of 77 , denounced that rich countries were ignoring the Kyoto Protocol , that is , the only existing international instrument to fight global warming , the only thing that penalises the industrialised states and protects the developing countries .
It is necessary to recognise that the battle had already begun in the streets of Copenhagen , with the youth at the forefront protesting and proposing : I could see and feel , since my arrival in the Danish capital on December 16 , the historic power of another world that for the youth is not only possible but absolutely necessary .
III
In Copenhagen , from the beginning , the cards were on the table for all to see .
On the one hand , the cards of brutal meanness and stupidity of capitalism which did not budge in defence of its logic : the logic of capital , which leaves only death and destruction in its wake at an increasingly rapid pace .
On the other hand , the cards of the peoples demanding human dignity , the salvation of the planet and for a radical change , not of the climate , but of a world system that has brought us to the brink of unprecedented ecological and social catastrophe .
On one side , the victors of a mercantile and utilitarian civilisation , that is , the “ civilised ones ” who for a long time now have forgotten about human beings , and opted blindly for increasingly insatiable desires .
On the other hand , the “ barbarians ” who remain committed in believing and in fighting for radically changing the logic , that you can maximise human welfare , minimising environmental and ecological impacts .
Those who sustain the impossibility of defending human rights , as raised by the comrade Evo Morales , if we do n’t also defend the rights of Mother Earth , those who act with determination to leave a planet and future for our descendants .
I will not tire of repeating to the four winds : the only possible and viable alternative is socialism .
I said it in each of my speeches to all the world representatives gathered in Copenhagen , the world 's most important event in the last two hundred years : there is no other way if we want to stop this heartless and debased competition that promises only total annihilation .
Why are the “ civilised ones ” so afraid of a project that aspires to build shared happiness ?
They are afraid , let ’s be honest , because shared happiness does not generate profit .
Hence the crystal clarity of that great slogan of the Copenhagen street protest that today speaks for millions : “ If the climate was a bank , they would have saved it already . ”
The “ civilised ones ” do not take the necessary measures , simply because of this , it would oblige them to reverse their voracious pattern of life , marked by selfish comfort and that does not touch their cold hearts , which palpitate only to the beat of money .
That ’s why the [ US ]
Empire arrived late on December 18 , to offer crumbs via blackmail , and through this , wash away the guilt marked on its face .
In front of this strategy of buying support , you could hear throughout Denmark the clear and courageous voice of Vandana Shiva , the Indian thinker saying a great truth : “ I think it is time for US to stop seeing itself as a donor and begin to recognise itself as polluter : a polluter must pay compensation for damages and must it pay its ecological debt .
It is not charity .
This is justice . ”
I must say : in Copenhagen the Obama illusion was definitively destroyed .
He was confirmed in his position as head of the empire and winner of the Nobel War Prize .
The enigma of the two Obamas has been resolved .
Friday the 18th came to an end without a democratically agreed accord : Obama mounted the platform separately , in a further violation of UN procedures , for which we feel obliged to challenge any decision that does not respect for the validity of the Protocol Kyoto .
To respect and enhance Kyoto is our motto .
An accord was not possible in Copenhagen due to the lack of political will of the rich countries : the powerful of this world , the hyper - developed , they do not want to change their patterns of production and consumption which are as senseless as suicide .
“ The world can go to hell if it dares to threaten my privilege and my lifestyle ” , is what they appear to be saying with their conduct : that is the hard truth that they do not want to hear from those who act under the historical and categorical imperative to change course .
Copenhagen is not the end , I repeat , but a beginning : the doors have been opened for a universal debate on how to save the planet , life on the planet .
The battle continues .
IV
We commemorated the 179th anniversary of the physical disappearance of our Liberator Simón Bolívar in an act of deep revolutionary content ; I refer to the meeting of the Bolivarian Alliance with social movements in Denmark on December 17 .
There I felt , once again that Bolivar is not only a banner of Venezuela and Our America , but is increasingly a universal leader .
It is his living and combative legacy , now embodied in the Bolivarian Alliance , which is becoming a world heritage , that we took to Copenhagen to do battle for the Patria Grande , which is at the same time , to do battle for the sake of humanity .
In reality and in truth : Bolivar lives !
In Copenhagen it was confirmed that his legacy is more alive than ever .
And now he will overcome .
Now we shall overcome !
In a letter to Israel 's faithful , Yona Metzger , the Ashkenazi chief rabbi , and his Sephardic colleague Shlomo Amar , said the country 's high rate of terminations cause a " delay [ of ] the messianic redemption , " according to a report on the Ynetnews website .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A producer from Uruguay who uploaded a short film to YouTube in November 2009 has been offered a $ 30 m ( £ 18.6 m ) contract to make a Hollywood film .
The movie will be sponsored by director Sam Raimi , whose credits include the Spiderman and Evil Dead films .
Fede Alvarez 's short film " Ataque de Panico ! " ( Panic Attack ! ) featured giant robots invading and destroying Montevideo , the capital of Uruguay .
It is 4 mins 48 seconds long and was made on a budget of $ 300 ( £ 186 ) .
So far it has had more than 1.5 million views on YouTube .
" I uploaded ( Panic Attack ! ) on a Thursday and on Monday my inbox was totally full of e-mails from Hollywood studios , " he told the BBC's Latin American service BBC Mundo .
" It was amazing , we were all shocked . "
The movie Mr Alvarez has been asked to produce is a sci- fi film to be shot in Uruguay and Argentina .
He says he intends to start from scratch and develop a new story for the project .
" If some director from some country can achieve this just uploading a video to YouTube , it obviously means that anyone could do it , " he added .
YouTube recently revealed the most watched videos of 2009 .
Britain 's Got Talent star Susan Boyle topped the chart with more than 120 million views worldwide of her debut on the show .
Justice Minister Yaakov Neeman on Monday said he believes Jewish law ( Halakha ) should be the binding law in Israel , Army Radio reported .
“ Step by step , we will bestow upon the citizens of Israel the laws of the Torah and we will turn Halakha into the binding law of the nation , ” said Neeman at a Jewish law convention at the Regency hotel in Jerusalem , in the presence of many rabbis and rabbinical judges .
“ We must bring back the heritage of our fathers to the nation of Israel , ” Neeman said .
“ The Torah has the complete solution to all of the questions we are dealing with , ” he added .
However , Neeman ’s statements during the conference were received with applauds from participants , among them Shas spiritual leader Rabbi Ovadia Yosef .
Other guests at the event included Likud MK Yisrael Katz , Interior Minister Eli Yishai and Chief Rabbi Yona Metzger .
Kadima chairwoman and opposition leader Tzipi Livni on Tuesday harshly criticized Neeman ’s comments , saying they should be troubling to “ every citizen who cares about what happens in Israel in terms of its values and democracy . ”
Neman ’s remarks also drew criticism from left - wing politicians , including Meretz leader Haim Oron and Hadash chairman Mohammed Barakeh .
“ It is unfortunate that the justice minister has detached himself from the state of Israel ’s basic values and is being disolyal to civic and national principles , ” Oron said on Tuesday , using a play on words on Neeman ’s name , which means “ loyal ” in Hebrew .
“ His remarks reflect a disturbing process of ‘ Talibanization ’ occurring in Israeli society , ” Oron continued .
Barakeh called on Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to oust Neeman from his position , saying , “ The man who sees his main role as establishing a fundamentalist Israel is a threat to the country ’s democracy . ”
A former cabinet minister , Amnon Rubinstein , said Neeman ’s plan “ would amount to severing the majority of Israel ” from the state , and mean most of Israel ’s judges would have to be replaced by rabbis .
In the wake of the uproar caused by his remarks , the Justice Ministry on Tuesday issued a statement denying that Neeman intends to replace Israel ’s legal system with Jewish law .
“ Justice Minister Yaakov Neeman “ wishes to clarify that these remarks were not a call for Jewish religious law to replace the laws of the State of Israel , either directly or indirectly , ” a statement from the ministry said .
“ Minister Neeman spoke in broad and general terms about restoring the stature of Jewish law and about the importance of Jewish law to the life of the country . ”
This statement was released by Penn State here .
Oddly , while mentioning the NAS report , there is no mention of the Congressional commissioned Wegman report , which you can see here full report ( PDF ) .
Or for a quick read the fact - sheet ( PDF ) .
University Reviewing Recent Reports on Climate Information
Professor Michael Mann is a highly regarded member of the Penn State faculty conducting research on climate change .
Professor Mann ’s research papers have been published in well respected peer - reviewed scientific journals .
In November 2005 , Representative Sherwood Boehlert ( R- NY ) requested that the National Academy of Sciences ( NAS ) convene a panel of independent experts to investigate Professor Mann ’s seminal 1999 reconstruction of the global surface temperature over the past 1,000 years .
The resulting 2006 report of the NAS panel ( http://www.nap.edu/catalog.php?record_id=11676) concluded that Mann ’s results were sound and has been subsequently supported by an array of evidence that includes additional large - scale surface temperature reconstructions .
In recent days a lengthy file of emails has been made public .
Some of the questions raised through those emails may have been addressed already by the NAS investigation but others may not have been considered .
The University is looking into this matter further , following a well defined policy used in such cases .
No public discussion of the matter will occur while the University is reviewing the concerns that have been raised .
h/t Joe D’Aleo
Sponsored IT training links :
Catch the real threads of success with latest 650 - 195 dumps , 642-873 study guides and 642-504 practice test .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
WASHINGTON -- Less than a year after Inauguration Day , support for the Democratic Party continues to slump , amid a difficult economy and a wave of public discontent , according to a new Wall Street Journal / NBC News poll .
The findings underscored how dramatically the political landscape has changed during the Obama administration 's first year .
In January , despite the recession and financial crisis , voters expressed optimism about the future , the new president enjoyed soaring approval ratings , and congressional leaders promised ...
all your problems are over
OH MY GOODNESS
One year ago today : FUN FACTS : anyone who asks for a prorogue today is a weinerhead ?
– Ryan
Wikileaks has temporarily suspended operations while it launches a pledge drive .
The whistle blowing site is taking time out until 6 January to ask for support in many forms , not just donations .
Wikileaks is appealing for help from volunteer coders , offers of free legal assistance and hosting support as well as cash donations .
The site has promised not to accept corporate or government finance in order to protect its integrity .
As an incentive to potential supporters Wikileaks said it is sitting on " hundreds of thousands of pages from corrupt banks , the US detainee system , the Iraq war , China , the UN and many others that we do not currently have the resources to release " .
Never one for understatement , Wikileaks challenges potential supporters with the statement :
We protect the world — but will you protect us ?
Wikileaks sprang into life in December 2006 with a pledge to publish leaked sensitive government or corporate documents , while providing assurances that it will protect the anonymity of its contributors .
Documents are evaluated before release .
Notable documents published by Wikileaks have included Guantánamo Bay procedures , a BNP membership list , and 9/11 pager messages .
Wikileaks also published email from Sarah Palin's Yahoo account after a private webmail account she used for government business was hacked during the 2008 presidential election campaign .
Its publication of confidential documents has led to many scoops while bringing down the legal wrath of a diverse range of organisations including offshore banks , air traffic controllers , calculator manufacturers and Scientologists .
The site 's global network of mirror servers makes take - down actions in any one geography essentially ineffective .
Funding difficulties pose an altogether different though unspecified threat to Wikleak 's continued existence , at least in its present form .
Wikileaks has not set a particular target for its post - Christmas pledge drive . ®
Let ’s face it , we ’ve all had them before …
New Doctor Jitters .
I do n’t think there has ever been a name given to this condition , but now we have a label for it – New Doctor Jitters .
When the Doctor regenerates , we find ourselves skeptical after seeing those first few moments featuring the new actor .
It ’s only natural .
We ’re wrapped up in our emotions as we say goodbye to an actor we ’ve come to accept as the Doctor , and then in the middle of that emotional turmoil his replacement appears .
It ’s so jarring to switch from a sad departure to a grand entrance .
It ’s difficult to accept someone new while we ’re still reeling from the departure of the previous actor .
I remember my reaction when Tom Baker regenerated at the end of Logopolis .
After transforming from Tom Baker into Peter Davison , the new Doctor sat up and the episode ended .
That ’s all we got until the first episode of Castrovalva .
It did n’t matter .
In those few seconds of screen time I had already decided that I hated Peter Davison as the Doctor .
I could n’t stand him .
There was no way I was ever going to accept this new guy as the Doctor .
Forget it .
No way .
No how . …
Well , that opinion changed after seeing Castrovalva .
I eventually realized I did n’t have an issue with Peter Davison , I was just unhappy that Tom Baker was leaving and was n’t ready for some new actor to take over .
In fact , Peter Davison quickly became my favorite Doctor and remained so until David Tennant came along .
It just goes to show that it ’s not fair to judge a new Doctor on his first appearance .
9 times out of 10 we end up loving each and every Doctor after just a few episodes ( sorry Colin , but you ’re brilliant in the Big Finish audio adventures ) .
I think it ’s reasonable to be nervous or skeptical .
However , some people have already passed judgment on Matt Smith .
They ’ve decided they do n’t like him based upon what they ’ve seen so far .
They say his hair is too crazy .
He ’s too young .
His chin is huge and his eyes are sunken .
He uses his hands too much .
If we actually had a TARDIS , we could go back in time four years and hear those same people talk about David Tennant after The Parting of the Ways but before The Christmas Invasion .
They said his hair was too crazy .
He was too young .
He was too pale and thin .
He was too geeky to be a hero .
Sounds kinda familiar does n’t it ?
Gotta admit , Tennant ’s first few lines did n’t exactly fill us with confidence .
“ Hello .
Okay …
New teeth .
That ’s weird .
So where was I ?
Oh that ’s right , Barcelona ! ”
Those lines were no indication of how amazing he was going to be as the Doctor .
As another example , just imagine being a Doctor Who fan in 1974 after getting your first glimpse of Tom Baker in costume .
The scarf , the big smiling teeth , googley eyes , and crazy hair .
Those fans were probably convinced Tom Baker was going to be terrible .
So again , it ’s not fair to judge a new Doctor before he ’s had a chance to really play the part .
Who knows , maybe Matt Smith will be the best Doctor ever !
I watched The End of Time Part Two with my ten - year - old step son .
When the credits started to roll , he turned to me and said excitedly , “ This new Doctor is going to be fun ! ” I think my step - son ’s got the right attitude .
Sure I ’ve got New Doctor Jitters , but I ’m also eager for the next season to begin .
I ’m ready to jump in with both feet .
Geronimo !
If you ca n’t see the embedded video above , please click here .
( CNN ) --
It was 1969 and a busy year for making history : Woodstock , the Miracle Mets , men on the moon -- and something less celebrated but arguably more significant , the birth of the Internet .
On October 29 of that year , for perhaps the first time , a message was sent over the network that would eventually become the Web .
Leonard Kleinrock , a professor of computer science at the University of California - Los Angeles , connected the school 's host computer to one at Stanford Research Institute , a former arm of Stanford University .
Forty years ago today , the Internet may have uttered its first word .
Twenty years later , Kleinrock chaired a group whose report on building a national computer network influenced Congress in helping develop the modern Internet .
Kleinrock holds more than a dozen patents and was awarded the National Medal of Science last year by President Bush .
In an interview with CNN , the 75 - year - old looks back on his achievements and peers into the exciting and sometimes scary future of the Web he helped create .
CNN : In basic terms , what happened on October 29 , 1969 , and what was its importance to the Internet as we know it today ?
Kleinrock : Millions of people helped create this Internet .
I basically supervised the creation of the Internet at the first node , both in the first connection and the very first message .
We had just by then connected the first two host computers to the Internet .
The first one was on September 2 , 1969 , when UCLA connected its host computer to the first packet switcher , the first router if you will , ever on the Internet .
But there was no other computer to talk to .
So a month later , Stanford Research Institute received its interface message processor , or IMP , connected it to their host computer , and we created the first piece of the backbone network when a 50 - kilobit - per - second line was connected between UCLA and SRI .
What we wanted to do was send a message essentially from UCLA to SRI 's host .
And frankly , all we wanted to do was log in -- to type an l-o-g , and the remote time - sharing system knows what you 're trying to do .
So we typed the " l , " and we asked over the phone , " Did you get the 'l ? ' "
And the response came back , " Yep , we got the 'l . ' " We typed the " o . "
" Got the 'o ? ' " " ' Yep , got the 'o . ' " Typed the ' g . '
" You get the 'g ? ' " Crash !
SRI 's host crashed at that point .
So the very first message ever on the Internet was the very simple , very prophetic " lo , " as in lo and behold .
And , you know , we were n't aware that this was a significant event that would be recorded in history .
We did not have a very effective message like " What hath God wrought " or " Come here , Watson , I need you . "
Or " One giant leap for mankind . "
We just were n't that smart .
When the host computers talked to each other , I like to say the Internet uttered its first words on that day .
CNN : Before October 29 , 1969 , was no computer talking to any other computer ?
Kleinrock :
Well , typically not over a data connection , no .
What was going on at that time was that many users sitting at terminals were connected to time - sharing systems with a local connection .
But that was just connecting to a single computer .
CNN : UCLA sent a press release about your work in July of 1969 , just a few months before your October breakthrough .
At the time , did you have any idea how far - reaching all this was ?
Kleinrock : Basically , I said the Internet will be always on , always available , [ and that ] everybody with any device could connect to the Internet from any time and any location , and it would be as invisible as electricity .
What I missed was the social aspect , namely that my 99 - year - old mother would be on the Internet , as she was until she passed away two years ago .
And by the way , at the same time , my preschool granddaughter would be on the Internet .
CNN : What is feature shock ?
Kleinrock : Feature shock is a term I coined some years ago .
Systems [ such as Windows or Safari ] contain an enormous number of features , each one of which may be valuable by itself , but no one is really able to use all the features .
However , because you 've essentially paid for all those features , you feel guilty if you do n't exploit them .
So you spend time learning to use them .
I 'm a power user of PowerPoint .
I spend thousands of hours learning how to use it effectively .
If someone came along with a new version of PowerPoint that has a different interface than the one I 'm used to , and [ even ] if it were twice as good as PowerPoint , I would n't bother installing it .
We 're overwhelmed by [ features ] ; we do n't know how to use them .
It slows down the rate at which new applications and features are accepted by the public because of this investment they have in their thousands of hours of learning .
And I consider that a good thing .
It allows a little more mature thinking in how we start hopping around in technologies and thereby losing the experience and history we had before .
There 's a kind of a measured way in which people will adopt new technology , and I think that 's helpful .
CNN : What are you up to these days in the development of the Internet ?
Kleinrock : I 'm working on what we call smart spaces , whereby the cyberspace comes out from behind the [ computer ] screen , where most people consider it residing , and moves out into your physical space so that there will be intelligence and embedded technology in the walls of your room , in your desk , in your fingernails , in your eyeglasses , in your automobile , in your hotel rooms all across the world as you move around .
CNN : If computers will be doing so much of our thinking for us , does that mean our brains will get less of a workout ?
Kleinrock :
It 's always been the goal and desire of we technologists that as we provide capability that computers are good at -- number crunching , file storage , massive databases that can be searched -- that it would free us up to do the things that humans do so well , like pattern recognition and putting thoughts together , intuition and innovation .
So it may relieve us of some of the mundane things that we do n't do well .
On the other hand , I personally regret that the youth of today are depending so much for their simple arithmetic calculations on these handheld calculators or wristwatch calculators that they do n't know how to make change in the supermarkets anymore .
CNN : What other dangers could be ahead ?
Kleinrock :
There 's a very dark side to the Internet , which we 're all familiar with .
It started with a worm in 1988 , and it became spam in 1994 , and now we have pornography , we have denial of service [ attacks ] , we have identity theft , we have fraud , we have things like botnets [ pieces of software that cyberthieves use to remotely and secretly control your computer ] , which really worry me .
One of the problems of the Internet is that we did n't install what I like to call strong user authentication or strong file authentication .
We did n't anticipate the level of the dark side we see today .
The culture of the early Internet was one of trust of all the users .
I knew every user on the Internet in those early days .
It was an open culture .
We shared everything we did .
We got our gratification by putting things out there , which people could use .
And there was an etiquette -- net etiquette if you will , which people behaved .
CNN : What about privacy ?
Is it dead ?
Kleinrock : Yes , in a word .
Yes .
And it was voluntarily given up in many cases .
I mean , when someone lists their telephone number or uses their credit card or makes a cell phone call or even carries around a cell phone , that 's an awful lot of info about where you are , what you 're doing and some of your private matters .
There are cameras all over the place , and they 're increasing in number .
I like to say the only privacy we can expect is to go to the edge of the ocean , strip down and jump in and hope there 's no sonar down there tracking you , by the way , which there will be soon .
CNN : Do you like to play video games over the Internet ?
Kleinrock :
The answer is no , no .
I 'm not of that generation .
Nor do I use Facebook or Twitter .
I 've got enough things that demand my attention .
... E-mail is a wonderful black hole for my time .
I do n't want to have to answer tweets and SMS messages , following friends , etc .
It 's too demanding and too frivolous in many ways .
CNN : Do you have a certain emotional tie to the Internet as if it were a member of the family ?
Kleinrock :
Of course I do , and it 's part and parcel to my DNA .
But it 's as aggravating to me as to anyone else in terms of when it does n't work , when the applications do n't work .
CNN : Were you always an inventor ?
Kleinrock :
When I was about 6 years old , I built a crystal radio from instructions I found in a Superman comic book .
The thing that fascinated me was , I could basically get all the parts at no cost .
I was totally enchanted .
This was magic , and I spent the rest of my life trying to figure out how that works .
Life is one big puzzle for me in the positive sense .
There are a lot of things to play with .
And they pay me for it .
After three days of radio silence following his withdrawal from the governor 's race , San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom unexpectedly jetted off Tuesday morning to Hawaii to join his wife and baby daughter , who already were vacationing there .
The trip , which the mayor apparently booked on his own , caught his staffers off guard .
Many did not know he was gone until the city attorney 's office sent out a notice informing them that the mayor had left the state and naming Supervisor Carmen Chu acting mayor .
Mayoral spokesman Nathan Ballard apparently was among those who did not get a heads - up about the trip .
Just an hour before Newsom 's plane took off , Ballard was peppered with questions about Newsom 's absence from former Mayor Willie Brown 's election morning breakfast .
Ballard said the mayor was " feeling under the weather , " because that 's what he'd been told over the weekend .
The weather is just fine where Newsom is going .
And Hawaii is n't the worst place to assess one 's future .
After all , his aloha comes as heads are still spinning over his abrupt withdrawal from the governor 's race - although his pullout was less than a shock , with Newsom 's poll numbers stagnating and his money drying up .
It was such a stressful time for the mayor that he huddled at City Hall in the final days of his campaign with someone alternatively described as a " life coach " and " corporate facilitator . "
No word if the mystery man accompanied Newsom to the islands .
And no word on when Gavin plans to come back to town .
Taxing troubles : News that Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums and his wife owe the Internal Revenue Service at least $ 239,000 in back taxes helps solve one mystery - why Dellums never pressed for the ambassadorship to South Africa that his staff was lobbying for him to get .
No doubt , had Dellums been fully vetted for an ambassadorship or any other job with the Obama administration , his tax troubles would have bubbled right up .
The lien that the IRS slapped on the Dellumses ' personal property was filed Oct. 14 , but the tax collectors typically send out warning notices for months in advance before taking such a step .
Dellums still owns a house in Washington , D.C. , which friends say he has been renting out .
At the same time , he 's been living in an expensive rental property on Oakland 's Skyline Boulevard .
" It 's just a situation where he was living above his means , " says a friend .
By the way , amid all the talk about Dellums ' tax problems , Chronicle reporter Jaxon Van Derbeken points out this bit of irony :
The IRS offices are housed right in downtown Oakland - in the Ronald V. Dellums Federal Building .
Coach vs. coach :
The Alameda County district attorney 's office says it will decide in the next couple of days whether to bring battery charges against former Raiders tight end Jeremy Brigham , following allegations that he assaulted county Supervisor Scott Haggerty in a dispute over peewee football .
As we told you Monday , Haggerty alleged that Brigham hit him repeatedly in the back of the head in an unprovoked attack after the practice for the Pleasanton football team of 10 - to 12 - year - old boys .
Haggerty said head coach Brigham had fired him two days earlier as the assistant coach , and was angry over allegations that he had leaked plays to an opposing team .
Deputy District Attorney Ronda Theisen said Tuesday that " Mr. Brigham has a version that differs from the version provided by Mr. Haggerty , but that will be taken into consideration as our office reviews all the information available . "
Coffee talk :
Once again , former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown 's election - morning breakfast was a sellout , with Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and three would - be successors - Jerry Brown , Steve Poizner and Tom Campbell - joining 870 of the town 's biggest politicos , lobbyists and donors .
Arnold got off the best line of the day : " I 've been here four minutes and no one has shouted , ' Kiss my gay ass ! ' "
EXTRA !
Catch our blog at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
In Business : Newsom is missing a scheduled speech at the Urban Land Institute conference in San Francisco .
D1
One of the best PS3 exclusives of 2009 would have to be inFAMOUS .
A jaw dropping title which gave us a superhero and a villain not to forget along with a very entertaining game .
For those of you who do not have it yet , you can now add it to your library for a price you just ca n’t refuse .
inFAMOUS has now been dropped to a retail price of only $ 39.99 .
If that does n’t excite you enough to purchase the game , well the ‘ The Gigawatt Blades ’ which “ supercharges Cole ’s arm into blades of pure energy which can be used to cause massive damage against enemies during combat ” , will be available as a free download via the PlayStation Store starting December 10th .
Sucker Punch have also revealed that the electrifying title has reached sales over 1.2 million as of October 2009 .
If you are still unsure weather to get the game or not , check out our review , of why we thought it was one of the standout games of 2009 .
This Rubes cartoon is all a big metaphor …
The Creationists can try all they want , but the theory of evolution will win every time .
( Thanks to Ross for the link ! )
From reader Max .
Just talked to my congresswoman ’s office – Barbara Lee .
When I asked what her position was on passing the Senate Health Care bill , the guy said it is “ up for debate at this point ” .
I registered my wish for Ms. Lee to vote for the Senate bill .
He took my info .
Look folks , if Barbara Lee , the only no vote against the AUMF following Sept 11th , is “ up for debate ” then call call call your representatives .
Here is how you do it .
(1) Use a phone .
Email has nigh on zero impact .
Trust me on this .
Letter mail gets read , but you do n’t have time .
Reach the House switchboard at ( 202 ) 224-3121 .
(2) Remember , this person works for you .
You pay his or her salary and you voted for them .
You ’re the boss here , or at least one of them , and it ’s they who should worry about what you think of them .
(3) Identify your name and the town or neighborhood where you live .
If you are not a constituent , save your phone bill and yell at the TV .
(4) State the issue .
This is easy : pass the Senate bill or the party gets it .
We can ( and certainly will ) fix the shortcomings later .
(5) How strongly do you feel ?
Do n’t apologize about feeling passionate or pissed off .
The squeaky wheel gets the grease .
(6) What are you going to do about it ?
Again , squeaky wheel .
Will you reward good behavior with money or volunteers ?
Support a primary challenger if you feel let down ?
Stay home in November ?
Do you belong to a group who listens to your opinion or feels the same way you do ?
This part will get their attention and get the message passed on .
Do not forget it .
One last , important point .
We want to track where Representatives are swinging on this and who is willing to commit .
However your Rep ’s intern responds about the Senate bill , please email me or post it in the comments .
We are most interested to know who is voting yes , who will vote no , who will not commit and whether the abortion language is a problem with conservative Dems .
Everyday I receive emails from publishers announcing new books related to conservation .
So , I thought it would be fun to come up with my own holiday list of conservation books ( why not buy a Christmas present for a nice , Jewish kid from Long Island ? ) .
First , I want to outline my criteria for the ideal conservation book for me :
Academic press - Forget about the pop science titles from the big publishing houses .
I like to support the smaller guys putting out obscure books that few will buy , and even fewer will read .
- Forget about the pop science titles from the big publishing houses .
I like to support the smaller guys putting out obscure books that few will buy , and even fewer will read .
Balances technical and fun -
For me , the ideal book is technical enough to expand my knowledge , but fun enough that I can read it on the beach in Hawaii without ruining my vacation .
- For me , the ideal book is technical enough to expand my knowledge , but fun enough that I can read it on the beach in Hawaii without ruining my vacation .
Good page per dollar value -
This metric is not as relevant when someone buys a book for me .
- This metric is not as relevant when someone buys a book for me .
Badassitude - Let 's face it ; certain books are just cool .
These are the titles that you want to display prominently on your bookshelf during dinner parties .
Finally , if you have any books that you want to recommend or if you have read any of the books on my Christmas list , please give us your feedback .
1 ) The Princeton Guide to Ecology , University of Princeton Press
Edited by Simon A. Levin
October 2009 | 848 pp. | 8 x 10 | 25 color illus. 14 halftones . 185 line illus. 22 tables .
Find online ( $ 71 and up )
Publisher 's Description : The Princeton Guide to Ecology is a concise , authoritative one - volume reference to the field 's major subjects and key concepts .
Edited by eminent ecologist Simon Levin , with contributions from an international team of leading ecologists , the book contains more than ninety clear , accurate , and up - to - date articles on the most important topics within seven major areas : autecology , population ecology , communities and ecosystems , landscapes and the biosphere , conservation biology , ecosystem services , and biosphere management .
Why I want it : Steep price , but may be worth it if this book provides one - stop shopping for filling in my knowledge gaps on the numerous sub-specialties of ecology .
2 ) Top 100 Birding Sites , University of California Press
Dominic Couzens
February 2009 | 320 pp. | 10 1/2 x 12 1/2 | 400 color photographs , 101 maps , 1 tables
Find online ( $ 20 and up )
Publisher 's Description :
This gorgeous book describes the one hundred best bird - watching sites on the planet .
Introductory sections give an overview of each continent or region , and then each site is listed and ranked on a country - by - country basis .
The entries all include a full description , a list of key species , a map , and information on the best time of year to visit .
Lavish color photographs capture rare and elusive species as well as some of the world 's best avian spectacles
Why I want it :
As a lazy , occasional birder with big aspirations , I need a book like this to get myself off the couch .
Plus , UC Press puts out some of the most beautiful books around , even if their product description goes overboard with the self - praise .
3 ) Mean and Lowly Things : Snakes , Science and Survival in the Congo , Harvard Univ .
Press
Kate Jackson
April 2008 | 336 pp. | 49 color illustrations , 2 maps
Find online ( 18 dollars and up )
Publisher 's Description :
In 2005 Kate Jackson ventured into the remote swamp forests of the northern Congo to collect reptiles and amphibians .
Her camping equipment was rudimentary , her knowledge of Congolese customs even more so .
She knew how to string a net and set a pitfall trap , but she never imagined the physical and cultural difficulties that awaited her .
Culled from the mud-spattered pages of her journals , Mean and Lowly Things reads like a fast - paced adventure story .
It is Jackson ’s unvarnished account of her research on the front lines of the global biodiversity crisis — coping with interminable delays in obtaining permits , learning to outrun advancing army ants , subsisting on a diet of Spam and manioc , and ultimately falling in love with the strangely beautiful flooded forest .
Why I want it : Released in 2008 but I missed it .
What 's not to love about Indiana Jones meets ecology field work in one of the most remote and diverse bioregions in the world ?
4 ) The Humans Who Went Extinct : Why Neanderthals Died and We Survived , Oxford Univ .
Clive Finlayson
September 2009 | 278 pp. | 4 b&w illustrations , 1 table
Find online ( $ 15 and up )
Publisher 's Description : Just 28,000 years ago , the blink of an eye in geological time , the last of Neanderthals died out in their last outpost , in caves near Gibraltar .
Thanks to cartoons and folk accounts we have a distorted view of these other humans - for that is what they were .
We think of them as crude and clumsy and not very bright , easily driven to extinction by the lithe , smart modern humans that came out of Africa some 100,000 years ago .
But was it really as simple as that ?
Clive Finlayson reminds us that the Neanderthals were another kind of human , and their culture was not so very different from that of our own ancestors .
In this book , he presents a wider view of the events that led to the migration of the moderns into Europe , what might have happened during the contact of the two populations , and what finally drove the Neanderthals to extinction .
It is a view that considers climate , ecology , and migrations of populations , as well as culture and interaction .
Why I want it : Admittedly , this is not a straight - ahead conservation book , but I find the subject matter fascinating ( and haunting ) .
This book has also received many good reviews .
5 ) Ecology of African Pastoralist Societies , Ohio University Press
Katherine Homewood
2009 | 320 pp .
Find online ( $ 22 and up )
Publisher 's Description :
This study presents a comprehensive survey and analysis of the literature and debates surrounding African pastoralist societies by a leading anthropologist of African pastoralism .
Katherine Homewood traces the origins and spread of pastoralism on the African continent before examining contemporary pastoralist environments and livelihoods .
There are separate discussions of herd biology , pastoralist demography , and the impact of developments and change on pastoralist systems .
Why I want it :
There is something voyeuristically , exhilarating about reading a highly specialized academic book on an interesting topic completely outside my area of knowledge or experience .
Plus , this would be my first read from Ohio University Press .
6 ) The Biology of Caves and Other Subterranean Habitats , Oxford University Press
David C. Culver and Tanja Pipan
February 2009 | 256 pp. | 75 line & 20 halftone illus .
Find online ( $ 40 and up )
Publisher 's Description : The Biology of Caves and other Subterranean Habitats offers a concise but comprehensive introduction to cave ecology .
While there is an emphasis on the organisms that dominate this unique environment , conservation and management aspects are also considered .
The book includes a global range of examples and case studies from both caves and non-cave subterranean habitats ; it also provides a clear explanation of specialized terms used by speleologists .
This accessible text will appeal to researchers new to the field and to the many professional ecologists and conservation practitioners requiring a concise but authoritative overview .
Its engaging style will also make it suitable for senior undergraduate and graduate students taking courses in cave and subterranean biology .
Each of the books in the Oxford Biology of Habitats Series introduces a different habitat , and gives an integrated overview of the design , physiology , ecology , and behaviour of the organisms found there .
The practical aspects of working within each habitat , the sorts of studies that are possible , and habitat biodiversity and conservation status are all explored
Why I want it : I have yet to read a book from Oxford 's Biology of Habitat series but they put out some interesting titles on strange and fascinating ecosystems .
Other new releases from the series :
The Biology of Rocky Shores , Colin Little , Gray Williams and Cynthia Trowbridge
The Biology of Coral Reefs , Charles R.C. Sheppard , Simon K. Davy and Graham M. Pilling
7 ) Big Questions in Ecology and Evolution , Oxford University Press
Thomas N. Sherratt and David M. Wilkinson
March 2009 | 336 pp. | 10 line & 45 halftone illus
Find online ( $ 35 and up )
Publisher 's Description :
Why do we age ?
Why cooperate ?
Why do so many species engage in sex ?
Why do the tropics have so many species ?
When did humans start to affect world climate ?
This book provides an introduction to a range of fundamental questions that have taxed evolutionary biologists and ecologists for decades .
Some of the phenomena discussed are , on first reflection , simply puzzling to understand from an evolutionary perspective , whilst others have direct implications for the future of the planet .
All of the questions posed have at least a partial solution , all have seen exciting breakthroughs in recent years , yet many of the explanations continue to be hotly debated .
Big Questions in Ecology and Evolution is a curiosity - driven book , written in an accessible way so as to appeal to a broad audience .
It is very deliberately not a formal text book , but something designed to transmit the excitement and breadth of the field by discussing a number of major questions in ecology and evolution and how they have been answered .
This is a book aimed at informing and inspiring anybody with an interest in ecology and evolution .
It reveals to the reader the immense scope of the field , its fundamental importance , and the exciting breakthroughs that have been made in recent years .
Why I want it : Seems like a fun read that I can ultimately re-gift to a relative to help spur their interest in ecology and evolution .
8 ) Conservation Biology of Hawaiian Forest Birds , Yale University Press
Edited by Thane K. Pratt , Carter T. Atkinson , Paul C. Banko , James D. Jacobi , and Bethany L. Woodworth
October 2009 | 728 pp. | 97 b&w and 32 color illustrations
Find online ( $ 43 and up )
Product Description : Hawaii ’s forest bird community is the most insular and most endangered in the world and serves as a case study for threatened species globally .
Ten have disappeared in the past thirty years , nine are critically endangered , and even common species are currently in decline .
Thane K. Pratt , his coeditors , and collaborators , all leaders in their field , describe the research and conservation efforts over the past thirty years to save Hawaii ’s forest birds .
They also offer the most comprehensive look at the reasons for these extinctions and attempts to overcome them in the future .
Why I want it : Appears to be a definitive text on one of the biggest and most interesting conservation challenges in the U.S .
9 ) The National Parks : America 's Best Idea
Ken Burns
October , 2009 | 720 minutes | 6 discs
Find online ( $ 70 and up )
Product Description : THE NATIONAL PARKS is the story of an idea as uniquely American as the Declaration of Independence : that the most special places in the nation should be preserved for everyone .
The series traces the birth of the national park idea in the mid-1800s and follows its evolution for nearly 150 years , chronicling the addition of new parks through the stories of the people who helped create them .
Why I want it :
Ok , so this is clearly not a book but possibly the highest profile conservation - themed commercial release of the year .
I suspect that this series glosses over some of the less positive aspects of the U.S. National Park System , but nonetheless it 's a piece of history that I would like to own .
-- by Rob Goldstein
Collector ’s Editions of high profile game releases can be something of a mixed bag .
For the most part , I ’ve found recent offerings have n’t been all that compelling .
The two of note I have purchased for current consoles would be for GTA : IV and the Legendary Edition of Halo 3 .
The recently announced God of War : III Ultimate Trilogy Edition got a little more of my interest however , as it represents the only current method for the God of War Collection ; HD re-releases of God of War I & 2 to be released in the UK .
Heralded as a ‘ triumph ’ by the excellent Digital Foundry and as somebody who did n’t get to enjoy the originals in their hey day on the PS2 , their inclusion merits the Collectors Edition serious consideration .
Until today that is , when Sony announced the price .
An eye - popping £ 110 .
Pricing of games is a complex issue and I like to think I take a balanced view on it .
I take a fair amount of stick for not being against the general raising of prices this generation per se .
Clearly , I am not adverse to paying for seemingly inconsequential collectors editions ’ content .
The Spartan helmet next to my TV is a little bit daft and the Rockstar lockbox tucked away in a cupboard somewhere ( though as an aside , I ’ve had my moneysworth out of the holdall they chucked in with it ) .
But these cost me around £ 70 .
Even when allowing for the cut - throat price competition this generation in the UK we ’re only talking about £ 30 more than the vanilla copy .
( Or about £ 20 above the RRP ) .
There is no reason to suggest that I wo n’t be able to pick up God of War III day one for around £ 35 .
We ’re talking three times that amount for the Ultimate Trilogy Edition .
A three figure price point would raise eyebrows in the US let alone over here and I can’t help but think Sony have overshot the market this time .
There ’s a reason why I saw piles of Modern Warfare 2 : Prestige Editions in HMV the other day and titles such as DJ Hero and Tony Hawk : RIDE have not seen commercial success .
It ’s an awful lot of money that requires an awful lot of value to go hand in hand with it .
Were Sony ever to the sensible thing and release the God of War Collection in the UK , I ’ve no doubt I ’d be able to pick it up for less than GoW : III itself .
Which is probably about the same cost as it would be to import it ( thanks region free ! ) or even pick up the PS2 originals themselves .
A lot of un -opened Pandora ’s boxes indeed .
China ’s government does not recognize the Roman Catholic Church or its bishops .
Instead , it promotes a government - affiliated faith , the Patriotic Catholic Association .
But millions of Chinese are believed to remain loyal to the Vatican and attend so - called underground churches like those that Bishop Yao led .
There are reported to be 15,000 Catholic worshipers in Xiwanzi diocese , where he was secretly made an auxiliary bishop in 2002 .
For years after his release from prison in 1984 , Mr. Song said , Bishop Yao urged his parishioners to follow a course of quiet but steadfast opposition both to the Patriotic Catholic Association and to government curbs on their right to worship .
But after Pope Benedict XVI made improved ties between the Vatican and Beijing a priority , he said , Bishop Yao began working to repair relations with the government .
The mourners at his weeklong funeral , which concluded with his burial on Wednesday , have included a number of local government officials , Mr. Song said .
Yao Liang was born in Hebei in 1923 and became a priest in 1946 , according to the Kung Foundation .
But after the Communist Party took power in 1949 , Catholicism was outlawed , and Bishop Yao ’s religious work became more and more circumscribed .
In 1956 the government sent him to a labor camp , and in 1958 he was sentenced to prison for life after refusing to abandon his allegiance to the Vatican .
Bishop
Yao said little about his more than quarter - century of imprisonment .
“ Only sometimes he would complain to close friends about the unspeakable experience , ” Mr. Song said .
“ He personally witnessed people being killed by the P.L.A. ”  the People ’s Liberation Army  “ when he was taken to prison , and he was very traumatized . ”
It 's known that escaped fish from Norwegian salmon farms can interbreed with wild salmon , and thus must have changed the genetic and physical makeup of the country 's famed wild salmon stocks .
But how much ?
Biologists at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ( NTNU ) are trying to answer this question by breeding special fish families to determine the exact genetic differences between farmed and wild salmon stocks .
Scientists at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology are trying to determine the genetic differences between farmed and wild salmon -- and the effects of those differences -- as a way to help protect the country 's unique wild salmon stocks .
Beginning in 1971 , aquaculture researchers combed 40 of Norway 's best wild salmon rivers to find the soundest genetic stock they could .
These fish , selected for their ability to grow rapidly and use food efficiently , formed the breeding lines for Norway 's wildly successful salmon aquaculture industry .
Nearly 40 years and 10 salmon generations later , the industry has grown by a factor of more than 600 , and had a turnover of roughly $ 3 billion US in 2007 .
But producing more than 170 million farmed salmon results in at least some escapees -- according to Statistics Norway , the official government statistics office , roughly 450,000 farmed salmon and trout escaped from Norwegian fish farms in 2007 .
In comparison , an estimated 470,000 wild Atlantic salmon approached the Norwegian coast in 2007 to spawn in one of Norway 's salmon rivers .
It 's known that escaped farmed fish can interbreed with wild salmon , and thus must have changed the genetic and physical makeup of today 's wild salmon stocks .
But how much ?
Biologists at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ( NTNU ) are trying to answer this question by breeding special fish families to determine the exact genetic differences between farmed and wild salmon stocks .
130 different salmon " families "
Led by Ole Kristian Berg and Sigurd Einum , professors at NTNU 's Department of Biology , researchers including have established 130 different salmon " families , " where the father 's contribution comes from sperm taken from Norway 's first generation of farmed salmon ( stored in a sperm bank ) , and the mother comes from a selection of Norwegian salmon rivers as well as from farmed stock .
The result is a combination of specially bred fish that can be compared to today 's stocks of wild fish .
When the specially bred fish are five centimeters long , they will have grown enough so that their physical characteristics , as well as their genetic makeup , can be compared to wild salmon of today .
Wild salmon under siege
Norway is home to the world 's most genetically varied wild salmon stocks on the planet , with genetically distinct groups found in the country 's 452 different wild salmon rivers .
But since 1970 , wild salmon stocks have been reduced by roughly 80 per cent .
Fully 10 percent of the country 's salmon rivers have lost their populations , with another 32 rivers severely threatened because of the effects of hydropower development , acid rain , sea lice and the invasion of the parasite Gyrodactylus salaris .
In 2008 , scientists from the Norwegian Institute for Nature Research , a government research institute , determined that fully 35 per cent of all salmon in the Surna River , one of Norway 's most important wild salmon rivers , were in fact farmed fish " That is very high for such a big salmon river , " says Kjetil Hindar , a senior researcher at NINA .
" In rivers that have been affected by diseases or by parasites like Gyrodactylus , wild salmon stocks are weakened and are particularly vulnerable , " says NTNU 's Berg .
" It is easy for these stocks to be affected by wild salmon whose genes have been diluted by farmed fish . "
As a backend developer , I do n't get to work with JavaScript much anymore .
However , from time to time , a project would come along that uses JavaScript ( specifically , AJAX ) to load some backend data on the fly .
Of course , nothing works 100 % right away * , so I would often have to tweak this JavaScript and massage it until it does what I need .
Here 's where Firebug comes in with its JavaScript debugger .
I 'm used to using a debugger in every language I deal with , so using Firebug is a no brainer .
Since it supports breakpoints , stopping execution and inspecting local variables and the rest of the scope generally beats alerts and console.logs for me .
Here 's what a typical breakpoint looks like in Firebug :
It 's easy to set breakpoints in static scripts – just open the Scripts tab , select a JavaScript file from the dropdown menu , and click to the left of the wanted line number .
Then , when the page is reloaded , if your breakpoints are triggered , Firebug will pause script execution and transfer the control to you .
In most cases , the method above is the only method of setting breakpoints you will ever need to use .
The Problem With Dynamic JavaScript
However , what if the JavaScript file where you need to set breakpoints is not static but instead dynamic ( generated on the fly ) .
If you set a breakpoint in this case and reload the page , the breakpoint will most likely disappear , especially if the JavaScript url is generated uniquely every time .
The Solution
If you have access to the source , the solution comes in the form of the
debugger ; debugger ;
keyword .
Just add it to your dynamic JavaScript generator or into any JavaScript file you have access to exactly where you want Firebug to break , and voila – it does .
More so , this method also works in Google Chrome and IE ( if you have Microsoft Script Debugger ) .
Here is a screenshot of my Chrome Beta 4.0.266.0 triggering :
I consider this feature relatively unpublished and therefore awesome because :
it 's hard to search for this specific meaning of the keyword " debugger " when Firebug itself is a debugger and it's a very popular word
nobody really reads documentation for Firebug , and even if they do , I have n't actually seen the debugger keyword mentioned
I did n't know about it until recently , even though I 've been using Firebug for years
Of course , you need access to the code for this to work , so it 's not going to work if you 're trying to debug someone else 's JavaScript .
And finally , do n't forget to remove any traces of ' debugger ' from your code when you go live or your users will rightfully hunt you down .
Credits And References :
suggested by a co-worker from Plaxo – Russ .
Thanks Russ !
some more interesting info at StackOverflow and Infragistics .
Happy debugging !
In a year marked by record bank failures and Wall Street swindlers walking away with tens of billions of investor dollars , it ’s perhaps not surprising that the activities of organized cyber gangs looting at least $ 100 million dollars from small to mid-sized businesses went largely unheralded .
The mainstream media could be forgiven for focusing on bigger fish .
For one thing , this particular strain of fraud has many moving parts and is challenging to explain to broad audiences .
Also , raising awareness about fraud is always tough because the issue almost invariably involves U.S. banks and federal law enforcement , two entities that by their very genetic makeup resist discussing anything that is not tightly scripted and on - message :
The FBI is hyper - reluctant to discuss or even acknowledge ongoing investigations ( particularly those in which the main actors are overseas ) , and the banks simply do n’t want to spook customers in any way .
But law enforcement and the banking industry appear to have been at odds over how and how much to communicate with the public about the seriousness and impact of these crimes .
The following anecdotes offer a peek into some of the struggles I experienced last year trying to extract useful and truthful information from both parties .
Friday , Aug. 21 , 3:00 p.m. ET : I was wrapping up a story for The Washington Post about a confidential alert drafted by the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center ( FS - ISAC ) , an industry group representing some of the nation ’s largest banks .
The document I ’d gotten hold of seemed to validate the focus of my reporting for the previous 10 weeks :
It said the FBI was tracking a major upswing in incidents involving organized computer thieves who were using malicious software to steal tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars from countless small - to mid-sized businesses throughout the United States .
I had finagled a draft version of the alert , and understood that the final version would be sent sometime later that day , although the distribution list was reportedly limited to a few hundred people — mostly law enforcement and bankers .
Problem was , I could n’t confirm whether the alert had in fact been sent as planned , or whether the final version was changed much from the version I ’d obtained .
What ’s more , after two days of waiting , I still had no meaningful response from the FBI to my query , which sought to verify the alert ’s statement that the FBI believes organized cyber thieves involved in this type of crime were stealing at least a million dollars a week from victims , and that several new victim firms were coming forward each week .
My editor was restless :
Without an answer to these questions , the story would hold until next week .
The answers did n’t come , and the story held .
When I finally got confirmation the following Monday that the alert had gone out , I also learned that the final version had been significantly watered down .
Gone were the monetary damage estimates , including this stark assessment : ‘ Total economic impact of these activities , if they continue unabated , is likely to be in the hundreds of millions of dollars . ’
Gone was any mention of specific countries to which the stolen tens of millions were flowing ( Russia , Ukraine and Moldova ) .
Removed was the part about the quasi- financial institutions responsible for the cross - border flow of stolen cash ( Moneygram and Western Union ) .
Mind you , this was an alert that was not intended for public distribution , but merely to be sent to a small group of banks and law enforcement folks .
So why was the alert watered down ?
One explanation is fear .
Avivah Litan , a fraud analyst with Gartner Inc. , said the banks are deathly afraid of anything that would cause businesses and / or consumers to lose confidence in online banking .
“ The banks realize such huge savings from having people bank online that they just ca n’t afford to go back ” to a world in which more consumers start doing their banking only at the local branch , she said .
Indeed , another tidbit axed from the original FS - ISAC alert stated the real threat plainly :
“ The lack of defense - in - depth at the smaller institution / service provider level has created a threat to the ACH system .
The continued misappropriation of funds by these cyber criminals using this form of social engineering attack model combined with malware has the potential to impact the confidence of businesses to use various forms of electronic payment initiation services offered by their financial institutions .
This could impact the continued growth of various corporate - to - corporate , corporate - to - government , and corporate - to - consumer electronic payment applications . ”
—
October 23 : I ’d heard from a source whose boss had recently returned from a banking industry conference at which a high - ranking official from the FBI ’s cyber division spoke about a spike in these attacks against small businesses .
The source ’s boss took copious notes , and cited the FBI agent as saying that cyber gangs had stolen an estimated $ 40 million from small to mid-sized businesses so far in 2009 .
I dialed up FBI headquarters in Washington to verify the figure .
As the day wore on , I grew increasingly anxious to verify the numbers , and finally received a call at around 3 p.m. that confirmed the $ 40 million figure “ as of August 2009 . ”
My editor wanted to double check that the $ 40 million was all from 2009 , as my source had stated , so that necessitated another call to the FBI and a waiting period afterward .
During that interval , unbeknown to me at the time , the source who ’d originally shared the damage estimates with me tried to help out by sending a message to members of the FS - ISAC ( the banking industry group whose confidential alert formed the basis of my August story ) , asking if anyone could help verify the information .
The source told me later that several banking industry executives subsequently contacted the FBI , apparently concerned about my impending story on specific monetary losses due to this type of fraud .
At 6:30 p.m. that day , I heard back from the FBI , which informed me that the $ 40 million in losses actually involved cases going back as far as 2004 .
I was flabbergasted and indignant : None of my sources could recall a single case of the kind I was writing about going back further than the latter half of 2008 .
With the exception of reports from USA Today ‘s Byron Acohido and IDG News ’ Robert McMillan , the rest of the media have largely ignored this story .
The Wall Street Journal published a report near the end of the year that included the tale of an attempted million - dollar heist against a Citigroup business customer , but that victim ’s experience was buried in and conflated with a strongly - refuted claim that the attack was the result of a computer intrusion at Citigroup .
Between June and December 2009 , I wrote more than two dozen articles for The Washington Post about this type of fraud , chronicling the damage done to more than 50 companies across the country .
Still , dozens of victim companies I spoke with last year later changed their minds about speaking publicly of the incident , and pleaded with me not to publish their names .
I honored those requests because I did not think it was fair to play “ blame the victim ” if the private company in question was unwilling to have their story act as a warning to others .
I honored that promise even though some of their losses dwarfed those of the companies I had mentioned in earlier stories .
This type of crime is n’t going away , and in fact I am now hearing from at least one new victim a week .
Nearly all lost tens of thousands of dollars , all because of a single virus infection .
In response , some banks are making their business customers whole , and some are even making additional efforts to communicate with their customers that severity of the threat .
Unfortunately , most continue to disavow any responsibility for the losses .
I will continue to write about this type of crime in 2010 , and to dig deeper into the security weaknesses that allow this form of cyber crime to flourish .
Tags : $ 40 million , fbi , fs-isac
The average American consumes about 34 gigabytes of data and information each day  an increase of about 350 percent over nearly three decades  according to a report published Wednesday by researchers at the University of California , San Diego .
According to calculations in the report , that daily information diet includes about 100,000 words , both those read in print and on the Web as well as those heard on television and the radio .
By comparison , Tolstoy ’s “ War and Peace ” contains about 460,000 words .
The researchers , who built their work on previous studies of information consumption , found that Americans take in data through various channels , including the television , radio , the Web , text messages and video games .
Most of this time is spent in front of screens watching TV - related content , averaging nearly five hours of daily consumption .
Second is radio , which the average American listens to for about 2.2 hours a day .
The computer comes in third , at just under two hours a day .
Video games take up about an hour , and reading takes up 36 minutes .
The Omnologist Manifesto
by
Howard Bloom
We are blessed with a richness of specializations , but cursed with a paucity of panoptic disciplines - categories of knowledge that concentrate on seeing the pattern that emerges when one views all the sciences at once .
Hence we need a field dedicated to the panoramic , an academic base for the promiscuously curious , a discipline whose mandate is best summed up in a paraphrase of the poet Andrew Marvel :
Let us roll all our strength and all Our knowledge up into one ball , And tear our visions with rough strife Through the iron gates of life .
Omnology is a science , but one dedicated to the biggest picture conceivable by the minds of its practitioners .
Omnology will use every conceptual tool available - and some not yet invented but inventible - to leapfrog over disciplinary barriers , stitching together the patchwork quilt of science and all the rest that humans can yet know .
If one omnologist is able to perceive the relationship between pop songs , ancient Egyptian graffiti , Shirley MacLaine 's mysticism , neurobiology , and the origins of the cosmos , so be it .
If another uses mathematics to probe traffic patterns , the behavior of insect colonies , and the manner in which galaxies cluster in swarms , wonderful .
And if another uses introspection to uncover hidden passions and relate them to research in chemistry , anthropology , psychology , history , and the arts , she , too , has a treasured place on the wild frontiers of scientific truth - the terra incognita in the heartland of omnology .
Let me close with the words of yet another poet , William Blake , on the ultimate goal of omnology :
To see a World in a Grain of Sand
And a Heaven in a Wild Flower ,
Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand
And Eternity in an hour .
Copyright 2001 Howard Bloom
Are US Army wives " doing all they can " to help win the War on Terror , if you know what we mean ?
( We mean are they being strippers , at home , enough ?? ) .
In order to do his duty as a journalist covering the War on Terror and important military issues here in the USA , New York Times reporter James Dao was forced to observe the shocking spectacle of a bunch of sexxxy
Army wives performing a strip show , in a purported " practice " for when their husbands return home .
The ultimate purpose of the dance - like routine is unclear , but New York Times reporter James Dao and his editors found themselves mildly scandalized by the entire ordeal , taking place right there in the general vicinity of a US military base .
There is a long and honorable tradition of military wives ( and , these days , military husbands ) going the extra romantic mile for spouses returning from war .
A quiet weekend without the kids .
Candlelight dinners .
Some slinky lingerie .
But striptease ?
Is this exotic " striptease " business really necessary for the efficient performance of the duties of a soldier in the War on Terror ?
A skeptical public hopes you ladies have a pretty convincing show to put on to prove to us that it is so .
[ Pic via ]
Scuba diving , like anything is n’t for everyone .
Here are a few simple ways to tell if it ’s not for you -
1. If your fellow diver gives you the “ Ok ” signal and you give him “ the bird . ”
2 . If you joke that safety stops are for wussies .
3 . When your dive buddy gives you the “ out of air ” signal , do you say things like , “ sucks to be you ” , or , “ Wait here , I ’ll go get you some ” while swimming off ?
4 . Do you offer to race other divers to the surface ?
5 . Do you spit in your wetsuit and pee in your mask ?
6 . If you think being neutral in the water means not fighting with your dive buddy .
7 . If you wait for the tingly feeling , as a signal to surface .
8 . If you have a hard time figuring out which fin goes on which foot .
9 . Did you move to Kansas to avoid shark attacks ?
10 .
If you do n’t wear fins because it ’s hard to walk on the bottom …
… perhaps diving just is n’t for you .
* Photo credits : Photos by Andy Ciordia , Gagliardo_ on flickr .
( CNN ) --
When Catherine Jones recently booked a Royal Caribbean cruise that included a stop in Haiti , she never expected that her vacation would lead to deep soul searching and an emergency family meeting .
Jones , who lives in Hickory , North Carolina , is scheduled to start the trip at the beginning of next month -- a five - day getaway with her sister , who is in the Army and will go to Afghanistan in March , and their 87 - year - old mother .
" We kind of discussed it : How can you sit there and say , ' Waiter , bring me a drink ' while I 'm on a private beach ... knowing that 100 miles away , people are dying , " Jones said .
It 's a debate that 's been raging ever since Royal Caribbean resumed bringing vacationers to Haiti after last week 's earthquake , which killed tens of thousands of people in and around the capital of Port - au - Prince .
Royal Caribbean deposits the tourists on the picturesque peninsula of Labadee , which was unaffected by the disaster and where the company has spent millions of dollars on what it calls its own " private paradise . "
The area is heavily guarded , and visitors do n't spend the night .
But they enjoy Labadee 's " pristine beaches , breathtaking scenery and spectacular water activities , " according to Royal Caribbean 's Web site .
Blogs and message boards have been full of outrage and disgust at the idea of tourists frolicking in the sun while bodies pile up in Port - au - Prince and quake survivors struggle to stay alive .
" Royal Caribbean is performing a sickening act to me by taking tourists to Haiti , " wrote one poster on CNN's Connect the World blog .
" Having a beach party while people are dead , dying and suffering minutes away hardly makes me want to cruise that particular line , " wrote another .
What 's the right thing to do ?
Experts in ethics and sustainable tourism said that kind of reaction is natural and understandable , but they urged people to look deeper at the issue and consider the benefits of tourism for Haiti now and beyond .
" Monies that are coming in as part of tourism are going to trickle down throughout the local economy at a time when the local people need it the most , " said Brian Mullis , president of Sustainable Travel International , a nonprofit organization that promotes responsible travel .
Because visitors can have a positive effect during their stay , tourism should still be taking place in Haiti , even at this terrible time , Mullis said .
In a statement issued after the earthquake , the United Nations World Tourism Organization also weighed in , saying that " tourism can become a useful instrument for the necessary reconstruction process in Haiti . "
History shows other examples of the importance of tourism to devastated areas : New York inviting visitors after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks and New Orleans , Louisiana , appealing for tourist dollars after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Cruise line responds
Meanwhile , Royal Caribbean announced it would donate at least $ 1 million in humanitarian aid to Haiti and contribute all of the company 's net revenue from Labadee to the relief effort .
The company 's cruise ships are also delivering supplies -- including rice , dried beans , powdered milk , water and canned goods -- to the region .
Officials with the cruise line have been trying to reassure customers who may be having second thoughts about going on a trip that includes a stop in Haiti .
" It is n't better to replace a visit to Labadee ( or for that matter , to stay on the ship while it 's docked in Labadee ) with a visit to another destination for a vacation , " Adam Goldstein , president and CEO of Royal Caribbean International , wrote on his blog .
" Why ?
Because being on the island and generating economic activity for the straw market vendors , the hair - braiders and our 230 employees helps with relief while being somewhere else does not help . "
Royal Caribbean says it has been one of Haiti 's largest foreign investors for almost 30 years .
The company spent $ 50 million developing Labadee .
Considering the ethics
Haiti's plight would n't improve if the cruise ships were diverted to another nearby island and pretended the disaster was n't happening , agreed Chris MacDonald , a senior fellow at Duke University 's Kenan Institute for Ethics and a philosophy professor at Saint Mary 's University in Halifax , Nova Scotia .
He also writes The Business Ethics Blog .
" The cruise ships are n't hurting anyone , in fact they 're doing some good , they 're bringing some help , " MacDonald said .
People who believe it 's disrespectful for tourists to enjoy themselves so close to a disaster zone should realize that the alternative of avoiding the area would n't be more respectful , MacDonald added .
The proximity sets off our gut reactions , but it does n't seem to make any real moral difference , he said .
Mullis pointed out that the Dominican Republic -- Haiti's touristy neighbor on the island of Hispaniola -- is also close to the disaster but is doing business as usual .
" Anyone who does n't feel a bit of awkwardness at the thought of beach volleyball in the north of Haiti right now does n't have normal moral intuitions , " MacDonald said .
" [ But ] the world needs to signal that Haiti is n't now just this fenced - off , quarantined place where you can never invest , you can never do business .
Haiti is , to some tiny extent , still open for business .
That 's a hopeful message in a very , very grim situation . "
It 's a message Catherine Jones is taking to heart .
After much discussion , she and her family are going forward with their Royal Caribbean cruise that will include a stop in Labadee , Haiti .
She wo n't be able to enjoy herself that day , Jones said , but she is hoping the money she spends will help the locals , and she is comforted by that thought .
" It 's one of those situations that you can have a million views on it .
But the fact is it happened , they depend on us for our money that we bring , I guess we 'll go , " Jones said .
The Sutta Pitaka is the second part of the three - part Tripitaka , or ( Three baskets [ of texts ] ) , the primary canon of Buddhism .
The Sutta Pitaka contains more than 10,000 suttas delivered by the Buddha around the time of his 45 year teaching career .
It also contains many additional suttas from members of the sangha .
( sangha are groups of Buddhist monks )
There are five nikayas ( collections ) in the Sutta Pitaka .
Looking at the nikayas you 'll notice Khuddaka Nikaya , which is " the division of short books " .
This consists of 15 books ( eighteen in the Burmese edition ) with many Buddhist stories and verses inside .
Book 10 of the Khuddaka Nikaya is the Jataka .
The Jātaka is a collection of 547 stories , from the Sutta Pitaka division of the Tripitaka .
Like the rest of the Tripitaka , the Jataka is in Pali , a north Indian dialect related to Sanskrit , which appears to be the literary language of early Buddhism .
COPENHAGEN 
Is saving $ 40,000 at the showroom enough to get drivers behind the wheel of an electric car ?
With a program in the works to add easy access to charging stations , Denmark is about to find out .
For all their potential , electric cars have always been the subject of more talk than action , and only a handful are on the road in Denmark .
But now the biggest Danish power company is working with a Silicon Valley start - up in a $ 100 million effort to wire the country with charging poles as well as service stations that can change out batteries in minutes .
The government offers a minimum $ 40,000 tax break on each new electric car  and free parking in downtown Copenhagen .
But even in Denmark , one of the most environmentally conscious nations in the world , skepticism abounds .
It is not clear that car buyers can be persuaded to make the switch .
Sibel Edmonds ungagged !
In this exclusive one on one interview , Sibel tells the story of her hiring at the FBI , the administrative missteps and criminal behavior she became aware of , Turkey 's use of bribes and personal matters to compromise members of Congress and a top State Dept. official to advance its interests , and her revelations about Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D - IL ) which have prompted a bitter attack in response from the congresswoman 's spokesman -- and an open letter from Edmonds to Schakowsky inviting her to hold hearings on all of Sibel 's information .
We were not able to get all the details in one interview , so Sibel has agreed to do another episode in the near future .
For more information on this explosive account that remains blacked out by US corporate media , go to www.123realchange.blogspot.com and www.bradblog.com
- HeroQuest -
This page holds all the HeroQuest related downloads , made by me and various other contributors .
Also at the bottom you will find some links to related websites .
HeroQuest v2.08 i - Download the Windows game using this link .
( Beta version , 1,45MB ) .
Allegro Game Depot -
The HeroQuest project page at the excellent Allegro.cc game programming depot .
- The HeroQuest project page at the excellent Allegro.cc game programming depot .
Dewayne 's HeroQuest site - www.aginsinn.com
The best site on heroQuest has unfortunately retired ...
HeroQuest ' Ye Olde Inn ' -
A new website with the nobel ambition of ' resurrecting Dewayne Agin's Legacy ' .
- A new website with the nobel ambition of ' resurrecting Dewayne Agin's Legacy ' .
HeroScribe - Derfel Link 's website , which offers a map making utility for the HeroQuest boardgame .
- Derfel Link 's website , which offers a map making utility for the HeroQuest boardgame .
Zdim's Dungeons Deep - Freeware Fantasy Dungeon Game Classics .
© Copyright 2003 - 2017 GB - Homepage
Turns your phone into a vibrating duck for free !
3 different vibrations mode :
Continue vibration
Time interval vibration
Random vibration
With VibratingDuck , turn your phone into a vibrator and start jamming away !
i Phone related for VibratingDuck
VibratingDuck was developed for Android by Ellis Markov
Package name : org.biais.duck
System permissions : 5
Click here to show / hide list
android.permission.VIBRATE
android.permission.INTERNET
android.permission .WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
I am the developer of this Application !
was developed for Android byPackage name : System permissions :
Available Video(s ) for VibratingDuck
Screenshot (s ) available for VibratingDuck
Discussion(s ) about VibratingDuck in our forum
Comments and Ratings for VibratingDuck
All 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star
Filters :
Roche engages in science fraud
Even the FDA says Tamiflu does n't work
The Tamiflu stockpiling scandal
( Natural News )
When it comes to selling chemicals that claim to treat H1N1 swine flu , the pharmaceutical industry 's options are limited to two : Vaccines and anti-virals .
The most popular anti-viral , by far , is Tamiflu , a drug that 's actually derived from a Traditional Chinese Medicine herb called But Tamiflu is no herb .
It 's a potentially fatal concentration of isolated chemical components that have essentially been bio-pirated from Chinese medicine .
And when you isolate and concentrate specific chemicals in these herbs , you lose the value ( and safety ) of full - spectrum herbal medicine .
That did n't stop Tamiflu 's maker , Roche , from trying to find a multi-billion - dollar market for its drug .
In order to tap into that market , however , Roche needed to drum up some evidence that Tamiflu was both safe and effective .
Roche claims there are ten studies providing Tamiflu is both safe and effective .
According to the company , Tamiflu has all sorts of benefits , including a 61 % reduction in hospital admissions by people who catch the flu and then get put on Tamiflu .
The problem with these claims is that .
They were simply invented by Roche .
A groundbreaking article recently published in theaccuses Roche of misleading governments and physicians over the benefits of Tamiflu .
Out of the ten studies cited by Roche , it turns out , only two were ever published in science journals .
And where is the original data from those two studies ?
The data has disappeared .
Files were discarded .
The researcher of one study says he never even saw the data .
Roche took care of all that , he explains .
So the , tasked with reviewing the data behind Tamiflu , decided to investigate .
After repeated requests to Roche for the original study data , they remained stonewalled .
The only complete data set they received was from an unpublished study of 1,447 adults which showed that Tamiflu was no better than placebo .
Data from the studies that claimed Tamiflu was effective was apparently lost forever .
Asreports , that 's when former employees of Adis International ( essentially a Big Pharma P.R. company ) shocked the medical world by announcing
It gets even better :
As one of these ghostwriters told the " The Tamiflu accounts had a list of key messages that you had to get in .
It was run by the [ Roche ] marketing department and you were answerable to them .
In the introduction ... I had to say what a big problem influenza is .
I 'd also have to come to the conclusion that Tamiflu was the answer .
"
In other words , and told researchers what conclusions to draw from the clinical trials .
Researchers hired to conduct the science were controlled by the marketing puppeteers .
No matter what they found in the science , they had already been directed to reach to conclusion that " Tamiflu was the answer .
" Now , I do n't know about you , but where I come from , we call this " science fraud . "
And as numerous NaturalNews investigations have revealed , Virtually none of the " science " conducted by drug companies can be trusted at all because it really is n't science in the first place .
It 's justSadly , even the CDC has been fooled by this clinical trial con .
As stated by author Shannon Brownlee in " ... the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention appears to be operating in some alternative universe , where valid science no longer matters to public policy .
The agency 's flu recommendations are in lockstep with Roche 's claims that the drug can be life - saving -- despite the FDA 's findings and despite the lack of studies to prove such a claim .
What 's more , neither the CDC nor the FDA has demanded the types of scientific studies that could definitively determine whether or not the company 's claims are true : that Tamiflu reduces the risk of serious complications and saves lives .
Nancy Cox , who heads the CDC 's flu program , told us earlier this year she opposes a placebo - controlled study ( in which one half of patients would be given Tamiflu and the other half would be given placebo ) , because the drug 's benefits are already proven .
" Did you catch that last line ?
The CDC is n't interested in testing Tamiflu because " the drug 's benefits are already proven . "
Except they are n't .
But this is how the pharmaceutical industry operates : Step 1 ) Fabricate evidence that your drug works .
Step 2 ) Use that fraudulent evidence to get your drug approved .
Step 3 ) Use fear to create consumer demand for your drug ( and encourage governments to stockpile it ) .
Step 4 ) Avoid any actual scientific testing by claiming the drug has already been proven to work ( and cite your original fraudulent studies to back you up ) .
This is the recipe the CDC is following right now with Tamiflu .
It 's a recipe ofand circular logic , of course , but that seems to be strangely common in the medical community these days .
The FDA , remarkably , has n't entirely given in to the Tamiflu hoax .
They required Roche to print the following disclaimer on Tamiflu lables -- a disclaimer that openly admits the drug has never been proven to work :
Even further , an FDA spokesperson told the British Medical Journal , " The clinical trials ... failed to demonstrate any significant difference in rates of hospitalization , complications , or mortality in patients receiving either Tamiflu or placebo .
"
It 's the same message over and over again , like a broken record :
And the " science " that says Tamiflu does work was all apparently fabricated from the start .
Junk science , though , is good enough for the U.S. government .
Based on little more than fabricated evidence and Big Pharma propaganda , the U.S. government has spent $ 1.5 billion stockpiling Tamiflu .
This turned out to be a great deal for Roche , but a poor investment for U.S. citizens who ended up spending huge dollars for a medicine that does n't work .
As is stated in " Governments , public health agencies , and international bodies such as the World Health Organization , have all based their decisions to recommend and stockpile Tamiflu on studies that had seemed independent , but had in fact been funded by the company and were authored almost entirely by Roche employees or paid academic consultants .
" Even if Tamiflu did work , there are Tamiflu - resistant strains of H1N1 are now circulating ( http://www.google.com/hostednews/canadianpre... ) .
The upshot of all this is that -- a drug promoted via propaganda and scientific fraud .
This is n't the first time your government has wasted taxpayer dollars , of course ( it seems to be what the U.S. government does best ) , but this example is especially concerning given that this was all done with the excuse that natural remedies are useless and only vaccines and Tamiflu can protect you from a viral pandemic .
But as it turns out , and only natural remedies really work .
That 's why so many informed people around the world have been stocking up on vitamin D , garlic , anti-viral tinctures and superfoods to protect themselves from a potential pandemic that most world governments remain clueless to prevent .
I find it fascinating that .
If a real pandemic ever strikes our world , there 's no question who the survivors will be ( hint : it wo n't be the clueless chaps standing in line waiting for their Tamiflu pills ... ) .
Which remedies really do work to boost immune function and protect the body from infectious disease ?
I 've actually published a special report revealing my top five recommended remedies : https://www.naturalnews.com/Report_Anti-Viral...
In addition to the remedies mentioned in that report , I also recommend high - dose vitamin D as well as the Viral Defense product from www.PlantCures.com
I have no financial ties to any of the companies whose products are recommended here , by the way .
Unlike the pharmaceutical industry , I do n't operate purely for profit .
My job is to get valuable information out to the People -- information that can help save lives and reduce suffering .
This is the job the FDA and CDC should be doing but have long since abandoned in their betrayal of the American people .
We know that throughout our lives we will come across opportunities disguised as challenges , and often these are opportunities to change ourselves .
Today , I am going to show you the exact process I use to make better decisions which is what you must do if you want to learn how to change yourself .
These four questions have profoundly impacted my life and those of my clients when faced with a major crossroads .
You may be standing at a deciding point in your life as well – and I know this guidance will help you make the most out of the precious moments of your life .
The First Question : Do You Want To ?
More important than anything else is considering what you actually want in your life – and comparing it to the expected end result of a particular project .
If this is not something you desire , then why are you doing it ?
For this reason , before I spend my time on anything , I ask myself :
“ Do you want to make this change ? ”
Some of the things to consider when I am asking myself this question are :
Is this the direction I want my life to go ?
?
Are the activities involved the way I want to spend my time ?
?
Are the end results consequences I desire ?
Without these , you will have a lot of trouble deciding how to change yourself .
The Second Question : Can You ?
Before embarking on a serious life change , it has to be something I truly believe I can do – or I ’m already set up for failure .
So once I ’ve decided I want something , the next question to yourself must be :
“ Can you make this change ? ”
Here I am asking myself :
Do I have the ability to make this change ?
to make this change ?
Do I have the necessary tools to make this change ?
to make this change ?
Do I have the time available to make this change ?
to make this change ?
Do I have the support I need to make this change ?
I must be able to completely , unconditionally answer this question with a “ Yes . ”
If I say “ no ” , then I dig deeper :
Why do n’t I believe I can do this ?
Is there something about the situation I can change so I can accomplish this ?
Who can help me ?
What sacrifices can I make , and what commitments can I break to make this goal feasible ?
Regardless of whether other people think I can accomplish something or not , it ’s important for me to believe I can .
If the answer to this question ( “ Can I ? ” ) is yes , I then need to consider :
The Third Question : Will You ?
“ Will you make this change ? ”
This question sounds similar to the first , but I think of it as a question of my personal determination :
Am I willing to make the sacrifices needed to make this change ?
needed to make this change ?
Am I willing to work without encouragement or glory to make this change ?
to make this change ?
Am I willing to endure long enough to see results from this change ?
If I have the personal determination to accomplish my goal and make the change , then there is only one thing left for me to consider :
The Fourth , and Final , Question : When ?
The final question is :
“ When will you make this change ?
If I can answer the first three questions truthfully with a resounding yes , then there is only one logical answer to this final question :
RIGHT NOW
If this change is something I want , something I can do , and something I will do – then there is no point in delaying it .
There is no point in putting it off until tomorrow – I must take steps today towards it .
How To Change Yourself : Starting Today
If you are truly interested in making a change in your life – then why would you ever wait ?
There is no excuse for procrastinating another moment .
If there is something you want to change in your life , make that change right now .
Tomorrow is promised to no one .
Here ’s what to do now ..
If you are ready to make the most out of your life and become the person you were born to be starting today , click here to read the details about my course The Action Solution .
It is the result of decades of experience , and hundreds of hours of working with real people – just like you .
I guarantee you ’ll get results .
NASA bills the International Space Station as “ the most complex scientific and technological endeavor ever undertaken . ”
Perhaps that is so , but its guts are so 1980s .
That 's because the 44 primary computers that do everything from guide the station around Earth at 17,000 mph to monitor for fires are powered by Intel 386 processors , first built in the mid-1980s , with a clock rate of 16 megahertz .
To put that in perspective , today 's processors are measured in gigahertz , a speed increase by a factor of 1,000 .
Needless to say , the task of maintaining the network of computers on the station humming along is more difficult than , say , putting together a home network .
The station has components from the United States , Russia , Japan , Canada and Europe , each with their own hardware and software .
Each system must “ talk ” to one another and crashes can be a bit more problematic than losing the Internet until a technician can arrive .
One such crash did occur in 2001 , during a space shuttle mission to the station .
Of all the station 's computers , the command - and - control computer , which has two back - ups , serves as the “ brains ” of the network .
The first command - and - control computer failed , then the first back - up began operating erratically and then , finally , all three failed .
Lot of hard work
With Endeavour docked to the station , the crew re-routed its communications through the shuttle and eventually swapped another onboard computer into the command - and - control slot .
It turned out to be a hard drive issue .
“ That took some life off us , ” admits Michael Suffredini , the station 's program manager .
But since that incident the station 's computers have largely functioned without incident .
“ It 's not darn good luck that we 've had success , it 's the result of a lot of hard work up front , ” Suffredini said .
A lot of the hard work can be credited to a Boeing software laboratory in Clear Lake , a few miles from Johnson Space Center , that 's next door to the large swimming pool where astronauts train for spacewalks .
Inside the lab there 's a mock - up of the computer systems on board the station where all software is tested before it is sent to the station .
Every new component that 's sent up to the station is tested there first to ensure it will work smoothly in space .
“ This is basically the space station on the ground , ” explained Jose Pinero , a lab manager during a recent tour .
Upgrade to the '90s
The lab is now testing a software for version 10 of the station 's core programming , which is roughly analogous to an aircraft 's flight computer .
NASA expects to fly this software upgrade , which entails more than 700,000 lines of code , in 2011 .
That 's the time when NASA also intends to upgrade the station 's primary computers — to basic Pentium processors .
That 's about a five - fold increase in processing power , with considerably more memory .
“ That 's smokin ' , ” quipped Steve Cox , another manager at Boeing 's lab .
“ We 'll be all the way up to 1990s technology . ”
eric.berger@chron.com
It 's that time of year again , when bankers can expect those five - and six - figure bonuses .
But if you did n't become rich off the financial bailout , here 's another way to take advantage of The Man – this man being your boss , of course .
Just rat him / her out to the Business Software Alliance for software piracy violations .
Until the end of the year , tipsters can receive about $ 32,000 – double the standard payout , under the latest reincarnation of the so - called " Nail your boss " campaign .
The caveat is that this high - priced program is limited to the London area , although BSA operators are standing by to field tips across the globe .
Rewards for verifiable malfeasance vary depending on country , alliance spokesman Matthew Clark said in a telephone interview .
" The BSA has been doing things like this to encourage people to report for years , " he said .
The London plan mirrors a successful BSA campaign in the United States in 1997 , when the alliance adopted the " Nail your boss " program that included a toll - free " anti-piracy hotline . "
The BSA is an alliance of about 80 companies — including Apple , Microsoft and Adobe .
It is the tech industry counterpart to the Recording Industry Association of America and the Motion Picture Association of America .
Alyna Cope , spokeswoman for the BSA in England , told British media that workers might be more willing to fink on their bosses during these tough economic times as the holiday season approaches .
The BSA , based in Washington , D.C. , three months ago softened its anti-piracy message .
For the first time , it adopted humor instead of scare tactics to get out its anti-piracy message .
The BSA claims 41 percent of all software worldwide is pirated .
Hat Tip : ZeroPaid
See Also :
I have a box of cables in my closet .
I do n't know what the hell half of them are for .
What I do know is that I certainly did n't pay several hundred — much less over a thousand — dollars for them .
Click to view
Advertisement
Here are some of the most overpriced cables we 've encountered over time .
Feel free to chime in with any of your favorites that I might 've missed ( or with justifications for an $ 1800 wire purchase ) .
Advertisement
$ 300 : Virtual Dynamics Power 3 Cables
The Virtual Dynamics Power 3
Cable is actually on the cheaper end of this collection of overpriced wires , but to me it 's a product straight outta Cable Hell .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Why am I so harsh about something innocently overpriced ?
Because once upon a time , some guy 's cat torn up one of these cables and he discovered that the $ 300 pile of crap contained only about $ 15 worth of components .
Advertisement
$ 500 : Denon AKDL1 Dedicated Link Cable
When it comes to the Denon AKDL1 Dedicated Link Cable , a cool $ 500 gets you 1.5 meters of " high - purity copper wire " which speciallly structured to " thoroughly eliminate adverse effects from vibration . "
Seriously ?
I think I 'd rather cope with my cables vibrating instead of listening to an empty echo in my wallet .
[ Amazon ]
Advertisement
$ 1000 : Wireworld 's Platinum Starlight HDMI Cable
At $ 1000 per meter , Wireworld 's Platinum Starlight HDMI cables oughta contain actual platinum conductors instead of solid silver ones .
Do n't worry though , you can get that " patent - pending DNA Helix conductor design " in versions up to 30 meters long .
[ Engadget ]
Advertisement
$ 1800 : Piezo Powerflux Power Cord
I do n't recall hearing about the Piezo Powerflux Power Cord ever actually being for sale since it was announced long , long ago .
Maybe someone realized that whether it's the " Most Sophisticated Power Cord and Connectors in the World " or not , a $ 1800 power cord just wo n't fly .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Any Monster Brand Cable
I doubt that I even need to say why Monster 's cables fall into the " seriously overpriced " category .
After all , this is the company who thinks that lowering a cable 's prices down to $ 100 will make us jump for joy and race to the store when we could just as well use coat hangers instead .
Renewed Division U2's Free Berlin Concert to Take Place Behind a Wall
Berliners were ecstatic last week upon hearing about U2's plans to play a free concert in the heart of the German capital on Thursday evening .
But it turns out that those without tickets will be prevented from seeing the show by a two - meter high barrier -- located close to the original Berlin Wall .
God and the West ? by The Narrator
There continues to be debate about the pros and cons of religion , specifically Christianity , around pro-Western and semi pro-Western blogs and sites .
Does religion help ?
Does it hurt ?
Is it a bulwark against multiculturalism and diversity or is it their foundation ?
The following will address some of the points which often come up in this ongoing discussion .
A recent article at Takimag.com put forth the ( somewhat common ) theory that part of The West ’s problems in regards to the promotion of multiculturalism and immigration is one of fertility as it relates to theist vs. atheist influence .
The theory goes that as Whites drift away from theism ( usually specifically Christianity ) they cease having children in sufficient numbers .
Now the problem with this theory is obvious .
Namely , there are actually very few atheists in the world or the West in particular .
( And for the clarification of the uncertain here , a theist is not a Christian .
A theist is someone who believes in a deity or deities or the supernatural in general .
In other words Julian the Apostate and Martin Luther were both theists . )
This article at Wikipedia sources a Eurobarometer Poll from four years ago informing us that France has the highest percentage of those who “ do not believe there is a spirit , God , nor life force ” at 33 % ( within the European Union 18 % fell into this category ) .
In America the percentage of atheists is even fuzzier with various polls suggesting somewhere around 4 % to 9 % .
Further problems are created when agnostics are lumped in with atheists .
At any rate , when it comes to numbers , theists seem to hold a firm majority .
So much so that to contrast theist vs. atheist fertility rates may be impossible as the later could easily fall into the ‘ margin of error ’ on most polls in many Western nations .
The other problem with the argument represented by the Taki article is the confusing of ( highly debatable ) cause with effect .
Are immigrants really being shipped into Western lands due to declining birthrates ?
Not likely .
After all , one ca n’t help but notice that the rate of migration into America , for example , has not lessened even as the official unemployment rate has exceeded 10 % .
We see a lot about replacement level birth rates , but those levels are ( implied to be ) measured against the current population numbers , collectively .
And as most reasonable people concur that the world is just a tad bit overpopulated , a reduction in birth rates should be a welcomed change .
Those who would argue about economic sustainability in regards to declining birth rates would have to look past the fact that much of Western economic policy is based on debt .
Beyond that , economies ( specifically in regards to quality of life ) will adjust to population numbers whether they go up or down .
And though that adjustment period may be rough , it will pass and the adjustment will be made never the less .
The demographic problem of the West is not our numbers , but theirs ( non-Whites ) .
The presence of aliens in the West is totally unconnected to decreasing native birth rates , as a great many of those aliens are on welfare and not working anyway .
Europe , at over 730 million people , could easily stand to lose a couple hundred million or more .
That seemed to have been happening as a natural inclination / reaction to the growing numbers of people post Industrialization .
A phenomenon , not of war or disease but through inherent instinct , in which overpopulation was being corrected with the outcome of an increase in the quality of life , was in full swing .
But as usual there are forces at work against that which is natural , especially in regards to Europeans .
As for the specifics of Christian impact on civilization historically , well , the text itself contradicts the claims of believers .
The suggestion that a civilization was once wholly Christian conflicts with Christian scripture which describes true believers as an endlessly persecuted minority , ever at odds with the world , including their own friends and family .
The bad news is that Jesus said Christians would be hated by all nations ( Matthew 24:9 ) .
The “ good news ” is that he commanded his followers to make disciples of all those nations who he said would kill his followers ( Mark 16:15 ) .
Makes sense , huh ?
Much of Christian political sentiment and social morality is probably native to Roman Empire era Europe .
Which is to say , it reflects the cosmopolitan pragmatism of late Rome ’s policy of ‘ invading the world and inviting the world . ’
However , the core of the hybridized doctrine , as represented in Christian religious text , monotheism ( “ one race , the human race ” – “ one god ” – “ all men ” etc. ) is distinctly Semitic and alien to Western hearts and minds .
And perhaps there is no better example of Christianity ’s core Semitic , and thus alien , character than the New Testament description of believers as “ the bride of Christ ” .
In that , Jesus is essentially portrayed as a galactic sheik and Christians are his cosmic harem .
As to whether or not the average European was devoutly Christian ( in the biblical sense ) in the Middle Ages is unknowable .
They were certainly obliged to pay it lip service but they may have all been fairly agnostic on the specifics of the doctrine in their own hearts .
That Christianity was heavily Germanized , and thus panganized anew , during that time seems fairly obvious .
And I would add , contrary to what others have suggested , that Europe has n’t been Christian for 1,500 years .
Christianity did n’t reach all of Europe until around the 14th century .
In regards to the West ’s embrace of liberalism / feminism / etc. is concerned it may be telling that modern liberalism did n’t begin to truly take form until around the time of the advent of the printing press , at which point the average European was able ( if they were literate ) to actually read the bible .
Once literacy rates increased and Western peoples started studying the holy book , an influential number of them began to incrementally appeal to its liberal and thus contradictory and self - destructive nature .
Far from being a builder of the family and , in consequence , community , the teachings of Jesus are rather antagonistic to such notions .
Take for example this exert from Matthew Chapter 10 Wherein Jesus informs his followers , “ Brother will betray brother to death , and a father his child ; children will rebel against their parents and have them put to death .
All men will hate you because of me , but he who stands firm to the end will be saved .
When you are persecuted in one place , flee to another .
Do not suppose that I have come to bring peace to the earth .
I did not come to bring peace , but a sword .
For I have come to turn a man against his father , a daughter against her mother , a daughter - in - law against her mother - in - law - a man ’s enemies will be the members of his own household . ”
“ Anyone who loves his father or mother more than me is not worthy of me ; anyone who loves his son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me ; and anyone who does not take his cross and follow me is not worthy of me .
Whoever finds his life will lose it , and whoever loses his life for my sake will find it . ”
- Mathew 10 : 21-39
The post - Christ world , as described by Christ himself , is one in which the believer lives in endless chaos , paranoia and trauma – at odds with their own people .
That is hardly a prescription for an earthly order inducing to a semi-functional nation state or even family / community life .
The Christ dominated society is one in which atomized individuals ally with “ spiritual brothers ” as they war with their own “ earthly ” kin .
And that is the crux of the issue and what pro-White Christians have to come to grips with .
The liberalized , pro-diversity and highly individualized West is not less Christian today but more Christian , in terms of philosophical worldviews .
Does that contradict the scripture which describes Christians as a persecuted minority ?
Sure .
But then the bible contradicts itself in fundamental ways quite often .
Moving on .
Of the biological family , Jesus pointedly attacked the idea of being prejudiced in favor of such relatives and instead elevated the “ spiritual family ” of mankind above flesh and blood .
“ For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister and mother . ”
- Matthew 12:50 and , “ He said to another man , “ Follow me . ”
But the man replied , “ Lord , first let me go and bury my father . ”
Jesus said to him , “ Let the dead bury their own dead , but you go and proclaim the kingdom of God . ”
Still another said , “ I will follow you , Lord ; but first let me go back and say good - by to my family . ”
Jesus replied , “ No one who puts his hand to the plough and looks back is fit for service in the kingdom of God . ”
- Luke 9:59 - 62
And what ’s worse is that in terms of defending yourself , your family and your community Jesus councils surrender , “ Do not resist an evil person .
If someone strikes you on the right cheek , turn to him the other also . ”
- Matthew 5:39 and , “ Blessed are you when people insult you , persecute you and falsely say all kinds of evil against you because of me .
Rejoice and be glad , because great is your reward in heaven ... ”
- Matthew 5:11 - 12 and , ” I say unto you , Love your enemies , bless them that curse you , do good to them that hate you , and pray for them which despitefully use you , and persecute you . ”
- Matthew 5:44
The question will naturally be asked , “ How then did The West survive throughout the centuries seemingly being under the influence of Christianity ? ”
And the answer is , as was alluded to above , it survived by ignoring Jesus and his followers ( illiteracy and few bibles helped ) .
The West remained mostly pagan , with its elite simply adding Christian aesthetics as window dressing .
Otherwise , to follow the teachings of Jesus and his followers literally would have led to the destruction of Europe long ago .
But there has been , I suppose , a wearing down effect .
After centuries of enduring its presence , and with the encouragement of the mighty 2 % , Christianity ’s “ we are the world ” philosophy has seeped into far too many areas of Western thought .
“ Slaves , submit yourselves to your masters with all respect , not only to those who are good and considerate , but also to those who are harsh .
For it is commendable if a man bears up under the pain of unjust suffering because he is conscious of God .
But how is it to your credit if you receive a beating for doing wrong and endure it ?
But if you suffer for doing good and you endure it , this is commendable before God .
To this you were called , because Christ suffered for you , leaving you an example , that you should follow in his steps .
“ He committed no sin , and no deceit was found in his mouth . ”
When they hurled their insults at him , he did not retaliate ; when he suffered , he made no threats .
Instead , he entrusted himself to him who judges justly . ”
- 1st Peter 2 : 18 -23
The passage in Peter is truly disturbing .
This claiming of superior morality from a lack of will or skill to take action is just moral relevancy sans the apathy .
And it ’s a popular recourse in Western Civilization today .
Its adopting the attitude that , “ yeah well , in the next life it will all be made right , so do n’t just ignore those guys over there burning down your home , take them a cold beer and off to bring them some more gasoline . ”
In other words , the Christian core dogma makes courage a vice and cowardice a virtue .
It makes heroes out of losers and victimizers out of heroes .
It teaches that the poor , dispossessed , abused , wretched and sickly are in a blessed state of hallelujah , while the hard working , successful , prosperous , brave and triumphant are fiendish devils who , though they will continue to strive and achieve in this life , will be made fools of in the next life , should there be one .
Christianity has built its alters upon the graves of slaves and “ martyrs ” and made idols out of cowardice and jealousy .
There is something incredibly insidious afoot , when an essentially foreign , hybridized doctrine , thrust upon Western Civilization through Semitic missionaries , encourages and engenders a philosophy of physical and moral impotence within the citizenry of that civilization .
Put it this way , there is nothing a conquering army loves more than an adversary whose moral underpinnings include the philosophy of “ Love thy enemy . ”
Some will ask , “ What if you are wrong and there is a God and heaven and hell ? ”
Well , what if I ’m right and there is n’t ?
What if you endure the hardships of this life ( poverty , abuse , oppression , etc. ) on the promise of rewards in the next life , only to discover ( obviously to late ) that there is no next life and that all of the things you willingly surrendered in this one were thrown away in vain ?
Will you gamble away that which you know you have ( and can have ) on a philosophy of “ wait and see ? ”
Will you march obligingly to your own crucifixion and the destruction of your family , nation and civilization ?
Or will you stand and be accounted in the here and now , claiming what is rightfully yours in the world that you know with certainty , actually exists ?
Comments :
Post a comment :
Next entry : Barack Obama , Racism 2.0 , & “ Enlightened Exceptionalism . ”
Previous entry : House Rule no 2764
Things to be aware of when embedding an Ogre window in GTK
Let CL - GTK2 run in its separate background thread , this will avoid many awkward constructs and unresponsiveness in the GUI .
Use a GTKEventBox for embedding the Ogre window if you need to catch events .
It also needs to be declared " can focus " and of course you 'll need to enable all the events you want to catch .
Ogre : You 'll need to use Ogre : : WindowEventUtilities.messagePump( ) in configure_event or the GUI will hang when it is being realized .
Linux : I had better success using the downloadable 0.1 release than the latest from the Git repository .
Especially with signals the GUI just hung .
I 'll still advice you to use the latest version from the repository but if you 're running into these kind of problems you 'll know what to try .
When using the 0.1 release gtk/gtk.widget.lisp will need to be patched : http://github.com/dmitryvk/cl-gtk2/commit/804b4c8f24b3725eb90f29d7e6910b2598b68771
( % gtk - widget : state and - : saved - state need to become :uint8 ) .
Windows : I could n't restart a Clozure CL ( CCL ) saved application when using the CL - GTK2 0.1 release .
However the latest from Git HEAD also had issues which were resolved by commenting out ( : file " gdk.threads " ) in gdk/cl-gtk2-gdk.asd .
See : http://github.com/dmitryvk/cl-gtk2/commit/061cf59f4abaa71f92182ee8db56e023208718d0
Windows : I had to declare the event box as " above child " for the mouse events to be caught .
Windows : The Ogre render window needs to be repositioned to 0,0 .
At the start it will be offset by a couple of hundred pixels .
Unresolved issues
CCL : To be fair I did n't put in the time to figure this out but I 'm not sure what the top - level function given as argument to SAVE - APPLICATION needs to work like .
I was n't able to reload the foreign libraries using this function and I needed to use the :INIT - FILE argument .
SBCL : It does n't seem to be possible to set cffi:* foreign - library - directories * before the saved image starts looking for them .
Because of this I still need a start - up script .
CCL vs SBCL : On CCL ( at least on Windows ) you 'll need to manually reload the foreign libraries when starting up the saved image .
SBCL does this automatically .
Resizing does n't really work well yet .
Ogre :: RenderWindow : update vs windowMovedOrResized vs renderOneFrame ?
I was n't able to get a configure_event to fire for the GTKEventBox nor was I able to make it available from Glade for the top level window .
I also was not able to make the destroy event for the top level window available from Glade .
How do I neatly align the text in the camera , mouse and statistics frames using Glade ?
I 've been fooling around using different approaches but did n't succeed .
What 's the easiest way to distribute an executable on Linux ? :-) ( do n't answer this )
Ogre :
When to use messagePump ?
Linux : BadDrawables , I get these now and then and I 've tried and tried to debug them but since they come only sporadically it 's hard .
What causes them ?
My guess would be Ogre trying to use an invalid GDK window but several different approaches to fix this were all unsuccessful .
Notes on the source - code
The source - code is in a " Hey it compiles , ship it ! " state , albeit a little cleaned up .
Still I think it is more useful to no source - code at all .
The intention was to provide a single package that would work on both Linux and Windows , hence the init.lisp script .
I got familiar with CL - GTK2 and GTK throughout this project which explains several awkward constructs in the source - code .
The demo uses keyboard scan -codes .
I know this is hopeless .
I 'm depending on the keyboard repeat for continuous movement instead of the key press and release events like one should for nice control and feedback .
Check the Okra demos for how that should be done .
This project was developed on Linux using SBCL 1.0.31.debian and GTK 2.18.x and on both Windows XP and Vista using Clozure CL and GTK 2.16 .x .
Footnotes
1 On which I wo n't be spending any more work in the near future .
2 I tried out several GTK and QT bindings for CL and CL - GTK2 was the easiest to get working on both Linux and Windows of the active projects .
Labels : common- lisp , gtk , lisp , okra
Thanks to CL - GTK2 's author Dmitry Kalyanov for his help and patience and also thanks to several #lisp residents for testing some of my builds .
Go to http://www.aerique.net/software/okra-gtk-demo/ for the downloads .
This post should be treated more as a work - in - progress reportthan as the blog I hoped I could publish , which would have had a title like : " Easy cross - platform executable delivery using CL - GTK2 and Okra " .
So this post should be considered as a first step and perhaps a helpful reference for people with the same intent as I did .
It should definitely not be treated as a completed project or as a reference on the proper way to build such things in Common Lisp ( CL ) !
I set out to write a little demo that would have an Ogre window embedded in a GUI application and that could distributed as an executable on both Linux and Windows .
( I have neither access to nor experience with OS X . ) I settled on CL - GTK2 for the GUI .
I also wanted it to work on SBCL for Windows so that ruled out using threads .
Not a smart decision on my part since it would have been better to use a separate thread for the GUI .
Eventually I did n't use SBCL on Windows anyway since it did n't work out how I initially used CL - GTK2 .
( It might work using #'GTK : GTK - MAIN but I never tried . )
Keep in mind I used Glade to construct my GUI .
CL - GTK2 comes with many examples if you want to construct your GUI programmatically .
AMSTERDAM ( Reuters ) -
The Dutch government supported an invasion of Iraq that had no legal backing and did not fully inform parliament about its plans in the run-up to the conflict , a long - awaited investigation concluded on Tuesday .
The committee ’s scathing report , whose release was broadcast live on state television , also said that Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende had little to do with initial planning for the Netherlands ’ participation in the war .
“ The United Nations Security Council resolution on Iraq from the 1990s did not give a mandate to the US - British military intervention in 2003 , ” the Dutch Committee of Inquiry on Iraq said in its 550 - page report .
The Netherlands gave political support to the war because of a risk that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction , and to support its NATO allies the United States and Britain , who led the invasion , the committee said .
It emerged later that Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction .
The U.S. - led invasion probably also targeted “ regime change ” in Iraq but military intervention for this reason was not supported by international law and the Dutch government was aware of this , the committee said .
The report said the Dutch government did not adequately inform parliament in 2002 and 2003 about a U.S. request that it support planning for the invasion , and about the timing of Dutch logistical support for the invasion .
“ It could have been much more complete .
Information from intelligence and security services was handed out selectively , ” committee chairman Willibrord Davids told reporters .
Keeping information from parliament is considered “ a political sin ” in the Netherlands and is a reason for MPs to call for a minister ’s resignation .
Several party leaders immediately called for the government to answer questions in parliament .
BALKENENDE UNINVOLVED
Balkenende , prime minister now and in 2003 , opposed an investigation for years but ordered one last February after the media questioned the legality of the Netherlands ’ support for the U.S. - led invasion .
He was handed the report on Tuesday and said he would study it before giving a reaction .
Balkenende did not attend the brief foreign affairs ministry meeting in August 2002 at which the decision was effectively taken to support the Iraq invasion , and was not actively involved in planning until February 2003 , the committee said .
“ This meeting , which only took a short time -- one of our interlocutors said it was not more than 45 minutes -- laid the basis for the cabinet ’s position which was maintained until the invasion in March 2003 , ” Davids said .
“ The Prime Minister ... left the matter of Iraq entirely to the Minister of Foreign Affairs .
Only after January 2003 did the Prime Minister take a strong interest in this , ” the report said .
Some top civil servants at the ministry had expressed doubts as to whether the invasion was backed by international law but these were made subordinate to other considerations , Davids said .
The Dutch cabinet resigned in 2002 over an official report which condemned the government ’s failure to prevent the Srebrenica massacre in 1995 , the worst atrocity of the Bosnian war in which up to 8,000 Muslim men and boys were killed .
Stanley Baldwin , a leading British conservative of the early 20th Century and three - term Prime Minister , understood far earlier and better than his contemporaries how industrialization was changing the nature of war and conflict .
The new development of the inter - War era , of course , was the airplane .
Aviation moved the battlefield away from trenches and into cities .
It de-compartmentalized nations , blurring the distinction between civilian and military and allowing for the first time the prospect of total war and the potential for total defeat .
With the power to level cities and turn entire nations into rubble , aviation ensured that nations , not armies , would be defeated in future wars .
Baldwin understood this , and World War II was a graphic example of the ability of air power to turn defeat into total destruction .
Accordingly , nations preoccupied themselves during the inter -War era with devising ways to defend against aerial bombing .
France , Britain , Russia , Germany , and the other European nations with a millennium - long history of starting wars with one another every decade or so concocted intricate and expensive schemes to defend their skies .
It was all folly , Baldwin warned .
People should not develop a false sense of security based on military might and seemingly impregnable defenses .
" I think it is well also for the man in the street to realize that there is no power on earth that can protect him from being bombed .
Whatever people may tell him , the bomber will always get through . "
No matter how extensive the preparations or how fearsome one 's military might be , enough of an attacking force will survive to inflict significant damage .
The PM's saying was relevant throughout the Cold War – did n't someone make perhaps the greatest film of all time about this very problem ?
– and it is even more so today despite the rapid obsolescence of nation - state conflicts .
I thought about the Rt. Hon. Mr. Baldwin's words extensively on Christmas Day , the day on which , despite the dramatic increase in airport security since 2001 , yet another person managed to carry an explosive on an airplane and come perilously close to using it for its intended purpose .
The reaction to the attempted bombing of Northwest Flight 253 has been predictably stupid – public shaming of the TSA ( despite the fact that the flight originated far outside TSA jurisdiction ) , idiotic partisan fingerpointing ( apparently this would never have happened if Bush was President , or Obama deserves blame for the failure of security policies instituted by his predecessor ) , and pointless speculation .
Useless , all of it .
The facts about airport security , like border security or air defenses , are deceptively simple .
Someone will always get through .
I certainly think that airport security could be improved , and ironically I posted on the TSA 's laziness on the morning of the incident .
But let 's not kid ourselves .
All the metal detectors and X - ray machines and explosives detection equipment on the world wo n't stop people who want to blow up airplanes from blowing up airplanes .
This is not to say that security is futile ; certainly it can reduce the number of incidents .
What it does very well is catch the complete knuckleheads – people with guns in their carry - ons or laughably bad fake identification .
You know as well as I do , however , that someone with reasonable intelligence who commits him - or herself to the goal of blowing up an airplane can find a way to do it .
No matter how good the security , people will find a way to defeat it .
Maybe not a lot of people , but enough to spread the lingering fear that it can happen anytime .
That 's the goal of terrorism .
That 's why it 's called " terrorism . "
The gaps in our security are apparent to anyone who spends appreciable time in airports and cares to be observant while standing listlessly in a security checkpoint queue .
But not even another dramatic improvement in security – " Total Body Imaging " scanners , for example – can eliminate the specter of terrorism .
For the past eight years much of America has operated under the delusion that terrorism can be Defeated , that there will be a moment at which it stands on the deck of the USS Missouri and signs an instrument of surrender in deference to our military might .
It is a pipe dream .
There are six billion people on this planet and there is no way to prevent a small handful of them from deciding that it will be a good or useful idea to blow up a 747 .
And as long as the intent exists , that intent will occasionally intersect with means .
I 'm going to keep flying , as the odds of being on a plane when a terrorist blows it up are infinitely smaller than my chances of drowning in my bathtub ( which are a comparatively terrifying 1 in 700,000 ) .
But while I 'm at it I 'll refrain from expecting airport security from stopping everyone or elected officials from magically " ending " terrorism .
The bomber will always get through and punish someone – someone else , we all silently hope whenever we step on an airplane .
by
Today the advertising company AdMob announced that they will deliver the first Interactive Video Ad Units for the iPhone and the iPodtouch .
“ We ’re excited to announce our Interactive Video Ad Unit for iPhone .
For the first time , mobile video is truly interactive as we ’ve included customizable in - player action buttons enabling consumers to engage with Web content and more video content without leaving the video player . ”
more at their Blog post “ New : Interactive Video Ad Units for iPhone ! ”
Now when you have the time please watch the video
First Interactive Video Ad Units for iPhone and iPodtouch
Admob about their technology
“ For each ad , we create multiple bitrate encodings of the video files and then dynamically stream the most appropriate file size based on the devices ’ EDGE , 3G , or Wi-Fi connection . ”
Gallery via Admob
An information refresh about Google ’s last coup via MacRumors
“ Google announced last week that it has agreed to acquire AdMob for $ 750 million in stock . ”
Do you like these new way of advertising ?
Do you like ads in general ?
- video encodings still in process -
Large Hadron Collider explained in animation for all your physics challenged .
And the search for God 's particle Higgs Boson continues .
The FP Top 100 Global Thinkers
1. Ben Bernanke
for staving off a new Great Depression .
Chairman , federal reserve | Washington
The Zen - like chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve might not have topped the list solely for turning his superb academic career into a blueprint for action , for single - handedly reinventing the role of a central bank , or for preventing the collapse of the U.S. economy .
But to have done all of these within the span of a few months is certainly one of the greatest intellectual feats of recent years .
Not long ago a Princeton University professor writing paper after paper on the Great Depression , “ Helicopter Ben ” spent 2009 dropping hundreds of billions in bailouts seemingly from the skies , vigilantly tracking interest rates , and coordinating with counterparts across the globe .
His key insight ?
The need for massive , damn - the - torpedoes intervention in financial markets .
Winning over critics who have since praised his “ radical ” moves ( including Nouriel Roubini , No. 4 on this list ) , he now faces an uphill battle in his bid for permanently expanded Fed powers .
The radicalism is far from over .
“ Those who doubt that there is much connection between the economy of the 1930s and the supercharged , information - age economy of the twenty - first century are invited to look at the current economic headlines — about high unemployment , failing banks , volatile financial markets , currency crises , and even deflation .
The issues raised by the Depression , and its lessons , are still relevant today . ”
– Bernanke , Essays on the Great Depression
Mark Wilson / Getty Images
2. Barack Obama
for reimagining America ’s role in the world .
president | Washington
Obama entered the White House facing many seemingly intractable obstacles : two bloody , possibly unwinnable wars , an economic meltdown of 1930s - level proportions , and major congressional battles on public spending and health care , to name a few .
These hard realities have made Obama — a speaker notable for his soaring rhetoric and symbolic importance as the United States ’ first black president — seem at times more like a fix - it guy than a visionary .
But in truth , he is both .
He is an unapologetic wonk with a professorial bearing , a “ radical incrementalist ” ( in the useful term of his detractors ) who assesses , seeks advice , considers , seeks counsel again , and then tinkers .
He is also a president with big ideas , particularly in his foreign policy .
With his “ smart power ” mantra , the man who commands the world ’s most powerful military has diversified the United States ’ arsenal of foreign - policy tools by listening .
He spoke to the Muslim world from Cairo , smoothed over a rift with Europe , and reached out to recalcitrant rogue states .
He might yet fail .
But if he succeeds , the sea change in America ’s relationship with the world could become a tidal wave .
SAUL LOEB / AFP / Getty Images
3. Zahra Rahnavard
for being the brains behind Iran ’s Green Revolution and the campaign of her husband , opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi .
Political scientist and Reformer | Iran
Of all the critical moments in the Iranian presidential election that captured the world ’s attention this year , one stands out :
On June 3 , incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad publicly questioned the credentials of his opponent ’s wife , wondering in a televised debate if her Ph.D. in political science was legitimate .
Furious , the 64 - year - old Rahnavard staged a blazing , 90 - minute news conference in which she accused the president of lying , debasing her sex , and betraying the Islamic Revolution .
The attack galvanized the opposition and rejuvenated the campaign of her husband , Mir Hossein Mousavi .
Ahmadinejad should have known better .
During and after the Islamic Revolution , Rahnavard had been an ardent Islamist who worked to discredit secular feminist groups .
But years later , when the revolution failed to yield dividends for women , she changed course and became a driving force behind the nascent feminist movement in Iran .
After she was placed on the High Council of Cultural Revolution , the body issued its first declaration in 1992 advancing women ’s rights .
She was later fired as chancellor of Tehran ’s exclusively female Al - Zahra University for inviting feminist lawyer and Nobel laureate Shirin Ebadi to speak .
This year , Rahnavard ’s rage at Ahmadinejad drove her husband ’s campaign .
She began stumping with him and organizing supporters through rallies , Facebook , Twitter , and text messages .
Campaign posters that depicted the couple holding hands subtly hinted at the liberal reforms Mousavi would make in office ; she has more explicitly said these would involve greater democratization , a stronger role for women in the cabinet , and a relaxing of Iran ’s notoriously discriminatory gender laws .
4. Nouriel Roubini
for accurately forecasting the global financial pandemic .
Economist | New York University | New York
Sometimes it takes a crisis to turn a madman into a prophet .
And that ’s just what has happened to New York University economist Nouriel Roubini , known fondly by economy - watchers as Dr. Doom .
When he predicted back in 2006 that the bursting of the housing bubble would decimate global credit markets , causing a broad , international recession , he sounded crazy , IMF economist Prakash Loungani told the New York Times .
Not so after 2007 : “ He was a prophet when he returned . ”
Today , “ prophet ” is certainly an apt word for the gloomy man who is perhaps the world ’s most sought - after economic advisor .
Central bankers have come to appreciate his ability to peer around dark corners of the global economy , seeing potential busts where others see booms .
As his NYU colleague Tunku Varadarajan put it , he ’s “ the nearest thing to a rock star among the economists . ”
“ Last year ’s worst - case scenarios came true .
The global financial pandemic that I and others had warned about is now upon us .
But we are still only in the early stages of this crisis .
My predictions for the coming year , unfortunately , are even more dire :
The bubbles , and there were many , have only begun to burst . ”
– Roubini , Foreign Policy , January 2009
Read more : “ Market Riot , ” By Noam Scheiber
Win McNamee / Getty Images
5. Rajendra Pachauri
for ending the debate over whether climate change matters .
Chairman , intergovernmental panel on climate change | India
As the link between human activity and climate change becomes conventional wisdom and governments work urgently to establish a global climate treaty , Pachauri deserves no small amount of credit for creating such an extraordinary shift in public opinion .
Pachauri , an engineering and economics Ph.D. , has since 2002 chaired the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , which was the co-recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize with Al Gore in 2007 .
Since then , Pachauri has raised the specter of large - scale population displacement and the existential threat that global warming poses to low - lying island nations , while arguing that large , industrializing countries such as China and India will not act on the issue before the Western world curbs its own greenhouse gas emissions .
He has also backed the adoption of extremely ambitious emissions cuts , recently recommending that atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations be kept below 350 parts per million .
Any progress toward thwarting climate change this year owes a great deal to Pachauri .
Most wants to visit : The Maldives
Best idea of 2009 : Vegetarianism as a means to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
Worst idea of 2009 : Bailout with large payments to those who have caused today ’s economic crisis .
Illustration by Joseph Cardiello for FP
6. Bill Clinton
for redefining philanthropy in the modern era .
Former president | William J. Clinton Foundation | New York
Hillary Rodham Clinton
for giving “ smart power ” a star turn at the State Department .
Secretary of State | Washington
A year ago , there were questions .
Would she play the follower in an administration she had hoped to lead ?
Would he use his global clout — tremendous , if no longer paramount — to give tacit support to the new , young Democratic administration ?
To both , the answer is yes , and more :
In the past year , Bill and Hillary Clinton have solidified their status as the global power couple of all power couples .
Bill Clinton ’s brainchild , the Clinton Global Initiative , now in its fifth year , brings together leaders from aid organizations , academia , business , and government to put their checkbooks behind his big ideas .
This year , they committed $ 9 billion to provide inoculations for 40 million , job opportunities for 80 million , and schools for 30 million , among other ambitious targets .
In his off hours , he moonlights as a freelance diplomat , tackling Haiti , on behalf of the United Nations , and North Korea , as a private citizen .
In Port - au - Prince , he worked with humanitarian physician Paul Farmer to bolster investment and alleviate poverty .
In Pyongyang , he successfully negotiated the release of two U.S. journalists and helped start a thaw in relations with the Hermit Kingdom .
Miraculously , Clinton kept his diplomatic side gig without stepping on the toes of his wife , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
This year , she has tirelessly broadcast the administration ’s banner diplomatic message :
The United States under Obama is a smart power , a participant in a “ new era of engagement based on common interests , shared values , and mutual respect . ”
But Clinton is also aiming to remake the State Department itself .
The Quadrennial Diplomacy and Development Review she initiated promises a thorough , ongoing assessment of the massive bureaucracy in order to create a leaner , more responsive State Department capable of being the engine of Washington ’s new diplomacy .
NICHOLAS KAMM / AFP / Getty Images
7. Cass Sunstein and Richard Thaler
for taking behavioralism from niche to necessary .
White House policy advisor | Washington
Economist | University of Chicago | Chicago
Sunstein and Thaler describe themselves as “ libertarian paternalists , ” but you probably know them more simply as the behavioralism gurus .
Their big idea — to use small policy tweaks to overcome human capriciousness — has turned the field of economics upside down and , most recently , won them an ear at the Obama White House .
Humans , the two men argue in their book , Nudge : Improving Decisions About Health , Wealth , and Happiness , tend to be emotional , rash , and uninformed , and value the present more than the future .
They ’re far from the rational creatures upon which so much economic policy is based .
So what ’s a responsible government to do ?
Use free market policies that “ nudge ” citizens toward the smart options they would n’t otherwise select , such as setting “ opting in ” as the default choice for retirement funds and organ donation .
It ’s a quietly revolutionary idea from two brainy guys :
Thaler is a University of Chicago - trained economist whose name has been mentioned along with “ Nobel ” more than a few times ; Sunstein is a Harvard - trained lawyer who clerked for Thurgood Marshall and “ seems to write a book about as often as most people run the dishwasher , ” as one 2008 profile put it .
Clearly , people in power are reading :
Thaler is reportedly advising the British Conservative Party on economic policy , and Sunstein , as the new head of the White House ’s Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs , is nudging Obama administration rules on everything from avian flu to student loans .
Sunstein and his wife , Samantha Power ( No. 80 ) , are the only married couple to be named individually to this year ’s Global Thinkers list .
“ The concept behind libertarian paternalism is that it ’s possible to maintain freedom of choice — that ’s libertarian — while also moving people in directions that make their own lives a bit better — that ’s paternalism .
We think it ’s possible to combine two reviled concepts . ”
– Sunstein , Grist magazine
8. David Petraeus
for reshaping the way the U.S. military goes to war .
Commander , Central Command | Tampa , Fla .
Petraeus is a man of the pen and the sword , an expert on counterinsurgency , a student of history , a Princeton doctorate - holder , and an avowed intellectual , committed to revolutionizing how the military conceives of war and tailoring its strategies for the 21st century .
As the war in Iraq went disastrously awry , Petraeus resurrected the lost military art of counterinsurgency while waging his own insurgency inside the Pentagon to win control of the war effort .
Having co-authored the new bible of counterinsurgency — the FM 3 - 24 — and having successfully put it to use during the troop surge in Iraq , Petraeus has been working methodically to reshape the armed forces to fight conflicts of the future that look startlingly like those conflicts of the past he has studied so carefully .
In the immediate aftermath of the Cold War , the United States followed the Powell Doctrine , dedicated to the idea of striking only with overwhelming force ; today , it ’s being supplanted by the Petraeus Doctrine , which recognizes the primacy of the civilian and the importance of hearts and minds in modern warfare .
But Petraeus faces a severe test of his ascendancy in Afghanistan , where this great thinker about small wars comes face to face with a long war that , no matter how necessary , may not be worth winning .
Reading list : Eastern Approaches , by Fitzroy Maclean ; Butcher & Bolt , by David Loyn ; To Live or to Perish Forever , by Nicholas Schmidle .
Wants to visit : Iraq ( after the 2010 elections ) .
Best idea :
That countering terrorism requires more than counterterrorist forces ( i.e. , that it requires whole - of - government approaches ) .
Worst idea :
That the New York Yankees would n’t make it to the playoffs .
Gadget : Secure and nonsecure laptops , wherever we are .
Read more : “ The COINdinistas : An Insider ’s Guide , ” By Thomas E. Ricks
Chris Hondros / Getty Images
9. Zhou Xiaochuan
for reminding the world that we ca n’t take the dollar for granted .
Governor , People ’s Bank of China | China
These days , China ’s politicians rarely miss an opportunity to lecture the United States on its fiscal recklessness .
But Zhou , the People ’s Bank of China governor , worried about the safety of the $ 1 trillion in U.S. debt held by Beijing , has gone much further , drafting a proposal to fundamentally overhaul the entire global financial system .
In a market - shaking speech this March , China ’s chief economist proposed a new form of synthetic international reserve currency under the management of the IMF , which , he argued , would afford far greater global economic stability .
Despite his measured words , Zhou ’s well - publicized proposal and his critiques of U.S. economic planning have been interpreted as a sign of Beijing ’s growing confidence in its own financial prescriptions .
Shortly afterward , Russia released its version of Zhou ’s plan , while U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said he was “ quite open ” to the idea .
As if to prove Zhou ’s point , Geithner ’s off - the - cuff response quickly sent the dollar tumbling .
Reading list : “ China ’s Economy : 60 Years of Progress , ” by Wu Jinglian ; The Economics of Climate Change , by Nicholas Stern .
Wants to visit : Greenland
Best idea : G - 20 summit , slowly developing the new architecture of world management .
Worst idea : Going back to the ideas of John Maynard Keynes .
Gadget : Facebook and iPhone .
10 . Sayyid Imam al - Sharif
for striking a mortal ideological blow to al Qaeda .
theologian | prisoner | Egypt
Sharif spent decades serving as a spiritual compass for those involved in Islamist terrorism .
A former commander of the Egyptian terrorist organization al - Jihad and early founder of al Qaeda with his old associate from Cairo University ’s medical school , Ayman al - Zawahiri , he authored two books that laid the ideological foundation for a global religious war .
But beginning in November 2007 , Sharif has publicly switched sides .
Jailed since 2001 , he composed Rationalizing Jihad in Egypt and the World , a comprehensive revision of his previous support for religious war .
The work , which has spread like wildfire through jihadi circles , undermines the legitimacy of al Qaeda and like - minded groups by using their own theological narrative against them .
An outraged Zawahiri says Sharif is promoting the heretical idea of “ an Islam without jihad . ”
In an ironic twist of history , one of the thinkers who played a central role in constructing the ideological edifice of jihad could also play a leading role in demolishing it .
“ People hate America , and the Islamist movements feel their hatred and their impotence .
Ramming America has become the shortest road to fame and leadership among the Arabs and Muslims .
But what good is it if you destroy one of your enemy ’s buildings , and he destroys one of your countries ?
What good is it if you kill one of his people , and he kills 1,000 of yours ? ”
— Sharif , Rationalizing Jihad
Read more : “ Al Qaeda ’s Dissident , ” by Jarret Brachman
11 . Fernando Henrique Cardoso
for calling the war on drugs what it is : a disaster .
Former president | Brazil
Cardoso has never been afraid to ask tough questions .
As president of Brazil , he shook the country ’s huge but lethargic market back to life with tough fiscal policy and pioneering social programs .
So it was no surprise this year when , together with fellow Latin American ex-presidents César Gaviria and Ernesto Zedillo , Cardoso took on a new challenge : the U.S. - led war on drugs .
“ Prohibitionist policies based on eradication , interdiction and criminalization of consumption simply have n’t worked , ” they wrote in the Wall Street Journal .
Cardoso ’s broadside , laid out in full in a report last February , reinvigorated a moribund debate over the legalization of drugs .
He pushed to rebrand the problem as one of global health , rather than mere criminality .
And his timing could n’t have been better : Barack Obama once called the drug war an “ utter failure , ” and he seems to prefer treating users to locking them up .
The man who called himself Brazil ’s “ accidental ” president may have just done more for his country and his region than many of its more deliberate leaders .
Reading list : Alliance : The Inside Story of How Roosevelt , Stalin and Churchill Won One War and Began Another , by Jonathan Fenby ; Prisoner of the State , by Zhao Ziyang ; Grown up Digital , by Don Tapscott .
Wants to visit : Iran , where I never have been .
It is fascinating from a sociological point of view ( secularization vs. fundamentalism ) , from a political point of view ( an autocracy with elections ) , and from the point of view of global affairs , as Iran plays a crucial role in the Middle East .
Gadgets : Twitter and BlackBerry .
Illustration by Edel Rodriguez for FP
12 . Bill Gates
for taking the efficiency of Microsoft to the poorest of the poor .
Philanthropist | Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation | Seattle
Last February , Gates unleashed a jar full of mosquitoes on an unsuspecting conference audience .
“ There ’s no reason why only poor people should have the experience ” of malaria , he said .
The bugs were not carrying the pathogen , but the point was clear : Gates , the man who redefined the computer , is today redefining the fight against neglected diseases — with malaria , diarrheal diseases , pneumonia , and tuberculosis topping the list .
Now Gates is moving into agriculture as well , acknowledging that good health requires more than just good medicine .
This is the first full year that Gates has spent more time at his $ 30 billion Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation than at Microsoft .
And the influence of a private - sector guru on the world of global charity has already proved immeasurable .
The foundation ’s model is becoming the new force majeure , with all the efficiency of the business world suddenly injected into aid .
But more than just using his knack for sharp execution , Gates is pushing big ideas , such as the notion that all forms of development are connected and that advancing any one objective must come with equal gains elsewhere .
Call it the new Gates network theory — and it has the potential to be even more complex , and more influential , than his last .
Read more : “ The Big Thinkers of Giving , ” by Matthew Bishop and Michael Green
13 . Dick Cheney
for his full - throated defense of American power .
Former vice president | Washington
Cheney has exerted a greater influence over the Republican Party ’s foreign - policy outlook than any figure since Henry Kissinger , with gruff warnings of the foreign threats facing the United States and his suggestion that military action , rather than “ soft power , ” is the only method for keeping the United States safe .
And now in the age of Obama , the shadowy bureaucratic operator who often seemed to be the dominant force in George W. Bush ’s administration has emerged as the most forceful public defender of its record , re-energizing otherwise demoralized conservatives .
In May , Cheney delivered his most vociferous argument for Bush ’s national security policies yet — just minutes after Obama finished a speech on the same topic a mere mile away .
Cheney ’s case for “ enhanced interrogation ” did n’t budge an inch on the moral , legal , and strategic purity of the issue :
Such techniques were , he said , “ legal , essential , justified , successful , and the right thing to do . ”
By delivering an unapologetic broadside against Obama at a time when many Republicans were apprehensive of refighting the national security battles of the Bush era , Cheney established himself as the most prominent dissenting voice in a moment of Democratic Party dominance .
“ In the fight against terrorism , there is no middle ground , and half - measures keep you half - exposed . ”
– Cheney , speech on May 21 , 2009
Brendan Hoffman / Getty Images
14 . Larry Summers
for being the brains behind Obama ’s economic policy .
chief white house economics advisor | Washington
The famously combative Summers is , put simply , one of his generation ’s finest economists , if not the very best .
And over the past year he has managed to put his ego aside to work with Obama and Timothy Geithner in easing the world out of crisis .
Well before the collapse of Lehman Brothers , Summers — accused by some of being an architect of the bubble with his advocacy of light banking regulations and low interest rates — had been warning about impending dire macroeconomic trouble , starting with the housing and financial markets .
His prescience led to his White House job as the behind - the - scenes arbitrator in the midst of the global crisis .
He drove the debate over the size of the stimulus , arguing forcefully for a 10 - digit bill ( which ended up 15 percent lower ) .
He has also taken a strong and surprising lead on housing policy , climate change , health - care reform , and the automaker bankruptcies , helping tailor White House proposals for maximum job creation .
By his account , he has helped walk the U.S. economy “ some substantial distance back from the abyss . ”
David Deal
15 . Martin Wolf
for being the dean of financial columnists .
columnist | Financial times | Britain
Wolf has a reputation as the ultimate economic insider : a fixture at the World Economic Forum and the exclusive Bilderberg Group meetings , and a friend and advisor to the likes of Larry Summers ( No. 14 ) and Mohamed El - Erian ( No. 16 ) .
He also has little time for the wrongheaded policies and irresponsible actions of the financial in - crowd and pens takedowns so incisive as to be surgical .
His footnoted , visually aided , and exhaustively researched columns take a witty , didactic tone ; in them , he has argued that no governmental recovery plans have done the hard work of regulating and diminishing the influence of the financial sector .
“ Where we are now is intolerable , ” Wolf wrote in September .
“ Today ’s concentrations of state - insured private wealth and power must surely go . ”
Yet Wolf is no doomsday deconstructionist .
Without a clear ideological bent ( though he is a committed free - trader ) , his bias is for policies that do the job — note the emphasis in his book titles Fixing Global Finance and Why Globalization Works .
Rick Maiman/AFP /GETTY IMAGES
16 . Mohamed El - Erian
for his unparalleled knowledge of global finance .
bond investor | pimco | Newport Beach , Calif .
El - Erian co-directs one of the world ’s most successful investment companies : Pimco , the Pacific Investment Management Company , which manages a whopping $ 842 billion in assets .
But he is hardly a typical corporate raider .
A specialist in emerging markets at the IMF , he went on to head Harvard ’s endowment before joining the corporate world , where his investment strategies — including betting on the U.S. real estate collapse — helped turn Pimco into the largest bond fund on Earth .
El - Erian — described as obscure by the New York Times just four years ago — is now considered one of the world ’s great economic minds .
Rich countries , watch out , though :
In his best - selling book , When Markets Collide , he says we have entered a “ new normal ” and should expect sluggish growth out of developed economies and increasing opportunity in developing economies from now on .
Reading list : This Time Is Different , by Carmen M. Reinhart and Kenneth S. Rogoff ; The Greatest Trade Ever , by Greg Zuckerman ; Arabian Sands , by Wilfred Thesiger .
Wants to visit : China
Best idea :
To analyze the longer - term impact of the economic crisis in the context of the old - fashioned core - periphery characterization , including the extent to which a shock to the core weakens adhesive links and overwhelms asymmetrical circuit breakers .
Worst idea :
To pass up , again , on the possibility of a summer holiday .
Gadget : BlackBerry
17 . Benedict XVI
for showing that even the supposedly infallible can change .
pope | Catholic Church | Vatican City
Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger ’s election as pope in 2005 was a surprise to everyone , including himself .
“ God ’s Rottweiler , ” so - called for his purges of liberal reformists , was older than most candidates , bookish , and very conservative .
As pope , Benedict has certainly moved the church closer to its form prior to Vatican II ’s sweeping modernizations .
This traditionalism has garnered excitement in some circles , but it has also sparked controversy , particularly this year when he tried to reinstate excommunicated bishops from the Society of St. Pius X — one of whom was a well - known Holocaust denier .
But it has n’t all been anti-Semites and Latin masses .
Benedict has also been outspoken about the perils of reckless capitalism in the aftermath of the financial crisis ; he has positioned the church prominently and unexpectedly as an advocate for the environment and warned against the perils of climate change .
And , despite early stumbles with the Muslim world and anger over what many saw as an attempt to lure disillusioned Anglican conservatives to the church , the pope has worked hard for interfaith dialogue .
ALBERTO PIZZOLI / AFP / Getty Images
18 . Richard Dawkins
for his unceasing advocacy on behalf of science .
sociobiologist | Oxford University | Britain
If you believe the human body is the design of an omnipotent god rather than a result of the perfectly imperfect way living beings reproduce , Dawkins — a retired Oxford University professor who pens cleanly worded but never dumbed - down explanations of evolutionary biology — has no time for you .
“ Evolution is a fact , and this book will demonstrate it , ” he writes in The Greatest Show on Earth , released this year for the 200th anniversary of Charles Darwin ’s birth .
“ No reputable scientist disputes it and no unbiased reader will close the book doubting it . ”
With sharp prose and lucid thought , Dawkins demonstrates how the cudgels commonly taken up by the faithful to beat down evolution ( gaps in the fossil record , for instance ) are at best innocent misunderstandings and at worst willful attempts to mislead .
Building upon arguments laid out in 2006 ’s The God Delusion , he shows how religious argument sometimes perverts scientific truths — making him the strongest , smartest advocate for Darwinism in our time .
Mark Renders / Getty Images
19 . Malcolm Gladwell
for rethinking how we think about thinkers .
journalist | New Yorker | New York
With a mind as unorthodox as his hairdo , Gladwell is a genre- originating journalist : a specialist in translating counterintuitive research for the lay reader on subjects as diverse as Enron , the full - court press in basketball , ketchup , and racial bias .
Most recently , he attacked the notion of genius in 2009 ’s Outliers , which argues that circumstance and practice ( 10,000 hours of practice , to be precise ) mean as much as gray matter and natural talent .
The brilliance of a Bill Gates or a Mozart is not a freak phenomenon , he writes , but the product of extraordinary amounts of effort at precisely the right moment .
By making surprising arguments seem obvious , Gladwell has added a serious dose of empiricism to long - form journalism and changed how we think about thought itself .
Gladwell ’s favorite thinkers :
Richard Thaler ( No. 7 ) .
Thaler is one of the very best of the behavioral economists — the economists who understand that human beings do n’t behave according to the arid logic of supply and demand curves .
His paper “ The Loser ’s Curse ” is perhaps the single smartest thing I ’ve ever read about professional football , and Nudge , the book he co-wrote with Cass Sunstein , is superb .
Thaler is one of the very best of the behavioral economists — the economists who understand that human beings do n’t behave according to the arid logic of supply and demand curves .
His paper “ The Loser ’s Curse ” is perhaps the single smartest thing I ’ve ever read about professional football , and , the book he co-wrote with Cass Sunstein , is superb .
Gary Klein .
I ’ve been enormously influenced by Klein because he ’s a psychologist who studies real - world decision - making , as opposed to the way people behave in laboratories .
And the worlds he looks at — firefighters , marines , intensive care nurses — offer extraordinary insights as to how experts behave in high - pressure situations .
His first book , Sources of Power , remains one of my favorites .
I ’ve been enormously influenced by Klein because he ’s a psychologist who studies real - world decision - making , as opposed to the way people behave in laboratories .
And the worlds he looks at — firefighters , marines , intensive care nurses — offer extraordinary insights as to how experts behave in high - pressure situations .
His first book , remains one of my favorites .
Richard Nisbett .
No thinker has had as much influence on my work as Nisbett .
Where to begin ?
He ’s an environmentalist — that is , he has systematically and convincingly proven , again and again , that we are creatures of our situations , environments , and cultures .
I would recommend anything he ’s written , but especially The Geography of Thought and Intelligence and How to Get It .
No thinker has had as much influence on my work as Nisbett .
Where to begin ?
He ’s an environmentalist — that is , he has systematically and convincingly proven , again and again , that we are creatures of our situations , environments , and cultures .
I would recommend anything he ’s written , but especially and Iain Pears .
Pears is a novelist .
He wrote An Instance of the Fingerpost and , most recently , Stone ’s Fall , among many others .
I think he ’s the finest pure storyteller working in popular fiction , and those of us who are in the business of making arguments and communicating ideas have to pay attention to storytellers because they have the skills we desperately need .
Neilson Barnard / Getty Images
20 . Ashraf Ghani and Clare Lockhart
for having the courage to call out failed states — and then try to fix them .
afghan political leader | Institute for State Effectiveness | Afghanistan
CEO , Institute for State Effectiveness | Washington
When you hear Ghani speak about his time as Afghanistan ’s finance minister from 2002 to 2004 , you have to wonder why — with such eloquent plans and passionate drive — this former World Bank official and anthropology professor was n’t able to set the country right .
But after just two years , Ghani hit a wall in the government of President Hamid Karzai , who refused to reform corrupt practices and root out unsavory allies .
No wonder he was back to contest this year ’s presidential election and challenge the Karzai machine .
Visiting villages and towns across Afghanistan dressed in traditional garb , this technocrat preached a message of good governance in a country that increasingly defines what it means to be a failed state .
Ghani did n’t come anywhere close to winning , but his ideas will still find resonance in Washington , Brussels , and perhaps even Kabul .
His civilian - centered strategy is part of a vast tool kit he has spent the last decade compiling with his former U.N. colleague , Lockhart , who is now director of the Institute for State Effectiveness .
The pair co-founded that institute in 2005 and have since literally written the book on Fixing Failed States .
Now , if only they can get Karzai to listen …
“ I remember touring the country in [ the 1970s ] .
[ Afghans ] practiced an incredibly tolerant version of Islam … nothing like what exists in parts of Afghanistan today .
The nouveaux riches , the warlords who currently rule Afghanistan … brought with them a totally different way of ruling , which really obscured many of the best qualities of Afghanistan . ”
– Ghani
Best idea :
To come up with a self - financing Marshall Plan for the Central Asia , South Asia , and Middle East region .
Worst idea :
To let the banks continue to write their own rules , divorced from the consensus of society .
Illustration by Joseph Cardiello for FP
21 . Thomas Friedman
for his genius at popularizing complex ideas .
columnist | New York Times | Bethesda , Md .
War correspondent , globalization evangelist , public intellectual , environmentalist ; few have cast their nets so wide while maintaining such tight focus as Friedman .
Now , the paradigm shift that characterized his 2005 work The World Is Flat has found a new and perhaps surprising incarnation in the service of the environmental movement .
Hot , Flat , and Crowded is Friedman ’s manifesto on the climate crisis .
The free market , he argues , can be a major positive force in tackling overconsumption , thus saving us from ourselves .
The challenge is decoupling it from the fossil fuel industry and allowing it to “ tell the ecological truth . ”
Once this has been achieved , more sustainable modes of living should rapidly become the norm .
If Washington gets serious about clean energy investment and innovation , and if the next generation of Americans embraces a greener future , Friedman will deserve no small part of the credit .
Reading list : South of Broad , by Pat Conroy ; Forces of Fortune , by Vali Nasr .
Wants to visit :
If security was n’t an issue , I would want to go to South Waziristan .
Best idea : Greg Mortenson ’s idea for building schools for girls in the Arab Muslim world .
Worst idea :
That the world ’s big problem is going to be global cooling , not global warming .
Gadget : Never looked at either Facebook or Twitter .
BlackBerry .
MARK RALSTON / AFP / Getty Images
22 . Robert Shiller
for warning us — over and over — about dangerous bubbles .
economist | Yale University | New Haven , Conn .
For much of his career , Shiller has explained bubbles and watched them pop .
He was studying them in the early 1990s when he joined with economist Karl Case to create a standard measure of home prices : the S&P / Case - Shiller index , a signal macroeconomic metric .
His 2000 book , Irrational Exuberance , asserted that the U.S. stock market was in the midst of a bubble right before it burst ( and proved him right ) .
This go - round , he was in the exclusive club of experts who warned of the housing bubble that led to the financial bubble that led to the recession .
He recognized not just that home prices were inflated , but also that zero - money - down mortgages and complex financial derivatives meant the banking system was grossly underestimating , mismanaging , and multiplying risk .
His latest book , Animal Spirits — co-written with University of California - Berkeley ’s George Akerlof — examines the emotional , irrational “ spirits ” that drive investors .
It also encapsulates much of Shiller ’s insight on behavioral economics ; in the 1980s , he was one of the early skeptics of the then - ascendant efficient - markets hypothesis and a keen explainer of the irrationality of markets .
He spoke with Foreign Policy this fall :
On Ben Bernanke ’s performance at the Fed : He ’s been a great Fed chairman because he ’s taken really decisive steps .
He was slow to see the crisis coming .
But once he saw it was there , and saw the parallels to the Great Depression , he acted decisively and with some courage .
He ’s filled in a gap .
Congress was not likely to do enough to deal with this crisis .
He had authority from a law from the 1930s to lend to non-bank institutions under exigent and unusual circumstances .
He took that authority and challenged Congress to say no to him .
But they were ready to let him take responsibility and do it .
So he created all those lending facilities and doubled the balance sheet , from $ 1 to $ 2 trillion .
That was the most significant thing :
It was n’t the stimulus — it was the bailout .
It was controversial , but it prevented the systemic collapse that we saw during the Great Depression .
Bernanke did n’t want to see that happen , and it looks like a success .
On the future of the U.S. economy :
The longer - run thing is worrisome .
We set up an example for the too - big - to - fail institutions — and that could hold back the economy .
What it means is that the big institutions are safe and they become like dinosaurs .
And it ’s hard to compete against them because you ’re competing against the government .
Reading list : The Dutch East India Company : Expansion and Decline , by Femme S. Gaastra ; The Deutsche Bank : 1870 - 1995 , by Lothar Gall , et al. ; Macroeconomics of Self - Fulfilling Prophecies , by Roger Farmer .
Would like to visit : India .
By some strange confluence of circumstances , I have never been there .
Best idea : Taking on as a role of the government the management of incentives for CEOs of companies who might have to be bailed out again .
Worst idea : Putting rigid caps on CEO salaries as an attempt to control the worsening inequality of incomes .
Gadget : Only BlackBerry .
Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images
23 . Vaclav Havel
for four decades of speaking truth to power .
former president | Czech Republic
He is a prolific author , a leader of the Velvet Revolution that sparked democratic change in Eastern Europe and inspired nonviolent movements all over the world , Czechoslovakia ’s last president , and the Czech Republic ’s first .
Havel could easily rest on his laurels as one of the 20th century ’s towering figures , but the 73 - year - old remains fiercely engaged in political debates , domestic and foreign .
Indeed , he has injected a rare note of caution into the world ’s enthusiasm for Obama , joining more than 20 other Eastern European heavyweights to urge the new U.S. president not to forget about the region ’s young democracies as he attempts to “ reset ” relations with Russia .
More recently , he criticized Obama for not meeting with the Dalai Lama .
“ The question is if great and fateful compromises do n’t have their preludes , early beginnings , first undercurrents in such small [ compromises ] , ” Havel warned .
MICHAL CIZEK / AFP / Getty Images
24 . Chris Anderson
for bleeding - edge thinking on how the Internet ’s marketplace of ideas should work .
editor | Wired Magazine | Berkeley , Calif .
Information wants to be free .
The availability of free content online has already made the old news - business model — in which readers paid for information and advertisers paid for access to those readers — obsolete .
So what ’s next ?
In his new book , Free : The Future of a Radical Price , Anderson argues that , instead of fearing it , we need to revel in the freedom of Free .
Anderson urges us to embrace a new world in which digital technology drives down the price of goods “ made of ideas , ” but meanwhile affords new possibilities for things to sell and ways to sell them .
His argument builds on that of his 2006 book , The Long Tail , which explained how novel possibilities for selling a vast range of niche products opened up as the Internet and online retail slashed promotion and distribution costs to near zero .
The future , Anderson believes , is selling “ less of more . ”
Reading list : Makers , by Cory Doctorow ; Eating the Sun , by Oliver Morton ; Traffic , by Tom Vanderbilt .
Wants to visit : South Africa
Best idea : Required electronic medical records .
Worst idea : Regulating bloggers .
Gadget : Twitter and iPhone .
Noel Vasquez / Getty Images
25 . Joseph Stiglitz
for relentlessly questioning economic dogma .
Economist | Columbia University | New York
When the bottom fell out of the U.S. economy in the winter of 2008 , Stiglitz was standing over the wreckage proclaiming : I told you so .
The Columbia University and former World Bank economist has long warned that excessive deregulation could spell doom for the U.S. economy .
But throughout his career , he has been an equal - opportunity gadfly .
Stiglitz won the 2001 Nobel Prize in economics for showing how information asymmetries can cause markets to fail .
Best known for arguing that globalization works against poor countries , he more recently has joined the chorus calling for a new reserve currency to replace the U.S. dollar .
His iconoclasm has often placed Stiglitz on the outside looking in on the policymaking process .
But with the financial crisis calling into question core principles of the economic system , politicians from France ’s Nicolas Sarkozy to China ’s Hu Jintao are turning to America ’s most prominent economic dissident for answers .
Alex Wong / Getty Images
FRED DUFOUR / AFP / Getty Images
26 . Aung San Suu Kyi
for being a living symbol of hope in a dark place .
activist | national league for democracy | Burma
Taking inspiration from Mohandas Gandhi and Buddhist principles of nonviolence , Aung San Suu Kyi built a mass movement in opposition to the Burmese junta and has spent 14 of the last 20 years under house arrest since winning a general election in 1989 .
In a famous 1990 speech , Aung San Suu Kyi argued that when “ fear is an integral part of everyday existence , ” political leaders inevitably give in to corruption , and called for a “ revolution of the spirit ” in Burma .
Instead , she was thrown in prison and today is rarely able to communicate with the outside world .
Her sentence was extended this year after a bizarre incident in which an American man swam to her house to meet with her — violating the terms of her arrest .
But in a major shift , Aung San Suu Kyi changed her stance on the international sanctions against Burma this year , offering to help the junta ’s leaders get the sanctions lifted .
27 . Robert Wright
for envisioning a kinder , gentler new “ New Atheism . ”
journalist | New America Foundation | Princeton , N.J .
God is becoming more angelic — more patient , tolerant , and compassionate .
Just ask Wright , author of The Evolution of God , a dazzlingly well - researched new book that traces how social transformations are reflected in popular conceptions of the divine .
His core argument is that as civilizations grow more prosperous , they also become more open - minded .
Wright is often wrongly lumped with the so - called New Atheists , a group of provocateurs that includes Richard Dawkins ( No. 18 ) and Christopher Hitchens ( No. 47 ) and has grabbed headlines in recent years for arguing that religion is inevitably and forever a force for ill .
Wright , himself an agnostic , argues that the future will bring not a grand clash of civilizations , but a dynamic and relatively happy marriage between modernity and religion .
As Wright explains , “ People are capable of expanding tolerance and understanding in response to facts on the ground ; and even mandates from heaven can change in response . ”
Reading list : America ’s Prophet : Moses and the American Story , by Bruce Feiler ; Superfusion , by Zachary Karabell .
Wants to visit : China
Best idea : A grand bargain between America and Iran that would entail Iran not getting the bomb , Iranian acquiescence in a resolution of the Palestinian conflict , American security guarantees for Iran , full economic engagement , etc .
Worst idea : Bombing Iran .
Gadget : Facebook ; iPhone for now , but flirting with the Palm Pre .
Read more : “ The Anti-God Squad , ” By Robert Wright
28 . Elinor Ostrom
for showing us that the global commons is n’t such a tragic place after all .
Political scientist | Indiana University | Bloomington , Ind .
Ostrom has spent her career arguing that the phrase “ tragedy of the commons ” paints an unnecessarily gloomy picture .
After studying examples ranging from irrigation systems in Nepal to deforestation in Bolivia , Ostrom concluded that individuals often manage common resources better than conventional economic models predict .
Her seminal book , Governing the Commons , identified key “ design principles ” for successful collective use of resources , such as the creation of a monitoring system , agreed to by all participants , that includes punishments for violations .
Following these principles , she found , frequently yielded better results for the management of a resource than either privatization or government regulation .
In recognition of her work , Ostrom won the 2009 Nobel Prize in economics , the first woman to do so .
Now , policymakers are scouring her research for ideas on how to prevent the greatest potential tragedy of all — climate change .
29 . Paul Krugman
for proving that a Nobel Prize winner can also be a prolific pundit and unerringly correct doomsayer .
economist | columnist | Princeton University | New York Times | Princeton , N.J .
The pessimistic , acerbic , and undeniably brilliant Krugman is an economist with impeccable bona fides : a tenured professor at Princeton and the winner of the 2008 Nobel Prize in economics for his work on economic geography .
This year , his prominent job moonlighting as writer of a twice - weekly column and a popular blog for the New York Times has made him an indispensable guide to the financial crisis .
More an unabashed partisan than a dispassionate academic , Krugman was an invaluable critic of rising income inequality during the Bush administration and over the past year has written original , provocative commentary with no fealty to reigning economic , financial , or political dogma .
Today he is Obama ’s sharpest critic from the left — the strongest voice with the loudest bullhorn , advocating for more government spending and inveighing against the bank bailouts .
30 . Kofi Annan
for his ceaseless work to create Africa ’s Green Revolution .
Former u.n. secretary - general | Alliance for a green revolution in AfricA | Ghana
Two years after ending his term as what U.S. über - diplomat Richard Holbrooke once dubbed “ the best secretary - general in the history of the U.N. , ” Annan has a new mission : turning Africa green .
“ Africa is the only region where overall food security and livelihoods are deteriorating , ” he declared in 2007 , vowing to create “ an environmentally sustainable , uniquely African Green Revolution . ”
And though many a development project has tried to boost agriculture on the continent , this time the formula is different :
Annan is promoting small family farms rather than trying to mimic the industrialization of the West .
That will mean a push for ag - friendly policies on a continent where corrupt leaders have typically turned their attention to more lucrative resource wealth while starving a generation of African farmers .
As well as leading the Green Revolution , Annan has also served as mediator in the violent aftermath of Kenya ’s elections and been chair of the Mo Ibrahim Foundation ’s leadership prize committee .
One would expect nothing less from a man once dubbed a “ rock star of international relations . ”
REUTERS / Eric Gaillard
31 . Bernard - Henri Lévy
for offering a powerful critique of how Old Europe ’s left has failed .
political commentator | France
Lévy , a philosopher par excellence , is simply France ’s top public intellectual , a raffish and very public provocateur .
This year , BHL , as he ’s known , met with the usual klieg lights and controversy after issuing an impolitic apologia for fugitive director Roman Polanski , tweaking Barack Obama for being soft on the Palestinians , and telling European critics of the United States they have much to learn from across - the - pond successes .
He also continues to engage in a serious examination of the unmooring of left - wing ideals and obsolescence of left - wing parties in Europe .
In 2008 ’s Left in Dark Times , he argued that leftists ( particularly in France ) abandoned their egalitarian ideals for a toxic knee - jerk hatred of capitalism , the United States , Israel , and Jews — a hatred that ’s driven them blindly into enemy - of - my - enemy associations with unsavory figures like Saddam Hussein .
It ’s a powerful , damning argument .
32 . Anwar Ibrahim
for challenging the Muslim world to embrace democracy .
Opposition leader | People ’s Justice Party | Malaysia
Two decades ago , it would have been impossible to imagine Anwar pulling together rural Malays , ethnic Indians and Chinese , and Islamists into a coherent political bloc .
Back then , Anwar was deputy prime minister in a de facto single - party state that espoused preferential treatment for ethnic Malays .
It was a policy that Anwar had pushed from his days as a youth leader right up until 1997 , when he denounced his patron , then - Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad , for corruption .
He would spend the next six years in solitary confinement on trumped - up charges for that political betrayal .
And he would leave jail in 2004 with a bold message for change in a country now at the forefront of the struggle for democracy in the Muslim world .
Today , Anwar ’s political career is blossoming , despite a new , politically motivated indictment .
Abroad , he has become an outspoken advocate of religious tolerance .
He sat down with Foreign Policy to talk about his big ideas :
On Muslim countries and the West : You ca n’t just erase a period of imperialism and colonialism .
You ca n’t erase the fault lines , the bad policies , the failed policies , the war in Iraq , and support for dictators .
That to me is the reality .
But what is the problem ?
When you … apportion the blame only to the West or the United States .
They want to deflect from the issue of repression , endemic corruption , and destruction of the institutions of governance .
On his time in prison : I spent a lot of time reading .
I decided to focus on the great works and the classics .
Friends from around the world were sending books , but it takes months for [ the prison ] to vet them .
There came a book on the Green Revolution at that time .
The officer said , “ Anything revolution — out ! ” even though it was about agriculture .
But the books kept coming .
The officers were not even graduates , and [ the books ] were in English .
They would say , “ Anwar , out of 10 books , can you send back one ? ”
So I would select something I had already read or something I was not interested in and say , “ We should reject this . ”
On politics :
Of course , you simplify the arguments [ for politics ] , but the central thesis remains constant .
People say , “ Anwar , you are opportunistic .
How can you talk about Islam and the Quran here , and then you talk about Shakespeare and quote Jefferson or Edmund Burke ? ” I say , it depends on the audience .
You ca n’t talk about Edmund Burke in some remote village in Afghanistan .
Then you go to Kuala Lumpur and you quote T.S. Eliot .
If I quote the Quran all the time to a group of lawyers , [ they will think ]
I am a mullah from somewhere !
33 . Robert Zoellick and Dominique Strauss - Kahn
for using the crisis in service of a good cause : helping the world ’s poor .
President , World Bank | Washington // managing director , International Monetary Fund | Washington
Zoellick and Strauss - Kahn have led the world ’s banks through what has surely been one of their most pivotal years .
Just months before the Wall Street crash , the two institutions were verging on irrelevance .
But after the world plunged into recession , Strauss - Kahn positioned the IMF as the world ’s go - to lender of last resort and won the support of the G - 20 summit .
As the IMF was bailing out such countries as Latvia and Ukraine and getting flexible credit lines to the likes of Colombia and Mexico , Zoellick ’s more development - minded World Bank was warning that almost 100 million people would be driven into poverty by the crisis .
Though Zoellick is a free - trader and Strauss - Kahn a French socialist , both are on the same page when it comes to involving emerging markets more intimately in the decision - making and direction of the financial institutions .
Together , they pushed for , and got , reform — not just within countries , but at the international level , where they created a broader role for developing countries , envisioning a post - crisis world that will be truly multipolar .
Robert Zoellick :
Best idea : Broadening global economic governance beyond the G - 7 .
Worst idea :
That the global economic crisis is over .
It ’s far from over — especially in the developing world , where more than 90 million more people will be trapped in extreme poverty and tens of millions more people will be out of work .
34 . John Holdren and Steven Chu
for putting cutting - edge science back into power .
white house science czar | Washington // Energy Secretary | physicist | Washington
George W. Bush was n’t known for his love of science .
In the Obama age , however , the scientists are in charge .
As energy secretary , Nobel Prize - winning physicist Chu has transformed his office into a bully pulpit , pushing for the creation of government incentives for private scientific research into alternative energy sources .
In this way , he hopes to use the profit motive to encourage the development of the next generation of energy - saving technology , sparking what he calls a “ new Industrial Revolution . ”
Holdren , a nuclear physicist by training , directs the White House ’s Office of Science and Technology Policy and shares his boss ’s passion for arms control .
He has aggressively supported a reduction of the United States ’ nuclear stockpiles and has said the elimination of nuclear weapons “ is not only a practical but a legal and moral necessity . ”
John Holdren :
Reading List : Innovation Nation , by John Kao ; A Life Decoded , by J. Craig Venter ; Science , Truth , and Democracy , by Philip Kitcher ; Unscientific America , by Chris Mooney and Sheril Kirshenbaum ; Stirring It Up : How to Make Money and Save the World , by Gary Hirshberg .
35 . Nicholas Stern
for figuring out the costs of climate change and the politics of a solution .
climate Economist | London School of Economics | Britain
Studious , bespectacled , and self - effacing , Stern is not exactly the climate - change movement ’s Bono .
But perhaps this is precisely the point — the cold , hard logic of his groundbreaking 2006 “ Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change ” dragged the issue out from the preserve of ecowarriors and into the global mainstream .
In a government - sponsored study , Stern and his team concluded that decisive early action would cost humanity far less in the long run than allowing rising sea levels , dwindling freshwater supplies , and shrinking habitats to reduce global GDP a projected 20 percent .
These days , Stern is focusing on how to build the international alliances needed to find workable ways forward .
His new book , The Global Deal , adds an increasingly rare element to the global climate debate : optimism .
As he puts it , “ Collective pessimism about our inability to act will deliver an inability to act . ”
“ What ’s the alternative to optimism ?
Unless we act as if we can sort this out , you might as well just get a hat and some suntan lotion and write a letter of apology to your grandchildren . ”
– Stern , speech at the London School of Economics , April 21 , 2009
36 . Paul Collier
for showing how the world ’s bad guys are keeping the bottom billion down .
Economist | Oxford University | Britain
Collier knows what makes dictators tick .
He knows how they manipulate elections , knock off opponents , and sign resource - exploitation deals that bring revenues to their pockets rather than their people .
And that ’s precisely why the autocrats of the world should fear his 2009 book , War , Guns , and Votes , which musters impressive data to show exactly how the emperors have no clothes , building on his remarkable 2007 book on the world ’s worst - off , Bottom Billion .
Elections as heralds of democracy ?
Nope , they often allow dictators to buy just enough votes to stay in power .
Aid can save the world ?
Not even close ; it will take international intervention to provide security first .
The world ’s 60 smallest , most impoverished ex-colonial countries “ will never tap their vast reservoir of frustrated human potential unless the international community , at least for a time , supplies basic public goods that go beyond the typical aid agenda . ”
Wants to visit : Liberia
Gadget : iPhone — because I need the GPS facility to save me when I ’m lost .
37 . Fareed Zakaria
for defining the limits of American power and convening the smartest public conversation about it .
Editor | Newsweek International | New York
Zakaria has emerged as perhaps the most public exponent of the view that the United States has entered a period of inexorable global decline .
For many , the message of Zakaria ’s 2008 book , The Post - American World , rings more true than ever in the wake of the year ’s economic calamity .
Zakaria argued that Americans must recognize that the emergence of new global powers China , India , and Russia will not necessarily knock America off its global pedestal .
However , even if the United States remains the world ’s most powerful country , its leaders must fundamentally reimagine the country ’s international role .
“ We know how to handle a recession , ” Zakaria says .
“ But how do we handle the rise of the rest ? ” Zakaria also hosts arguably the most influential weekly salon on U.S. strategy : his CNN show GPS , with such heavy - hitting guests as Gordon Brown ( No. 74 ) , Timothy Geithner , and Wen Jiabao in lively debate on everything from troop levels to international monetary policy .
Reading list : Keynes : The Return of the Master , by Robert Skidelsky ; Free , by Chris Anderson ; Staying On , by Paul Scott .
Wants to visit : South Africa
Best idea : Chris Anderson ’s Free , which is more thoughtful than the simple description of its pieces .
Worst idea :
So many !
Gadget : Facebook and BlackBerry .
38 . George Soros
for showing us that billionaires can be thinkers , too .
Philanthropist and investor | Open Society Institute | New York
Over the course of 40 years , Budapest native George Soros built a multibillion - dollar fortune speculating on global currency markets .
A philosophy and politics aficionado , Soros has used his wealth to bankroll democratic revolutions in Central and Eastern Europe and promote institutional reforms around the world .
Lately , though , Soros has committed himself not just to earning capital and giving it away , but to reforming capitalism from the inside out .
To this end , he has launched a think tank to foster fresh research , the Institute for New Economic Thinking , saying that “ the entire edifice of global financial markets has been erected on the false premise that markets can be left to their own devices .
We must find a new paradigm . ”
Most recently , Soros has started pumping hundreds of millions of dollars into green technology , a sure sign of a financial opportunity — or another bubble - on the horizon .
39 . Jeffrey D. Sachs
for being the global poor ’s most persistent advocate among the global elite .
economist | Columbia University | New York
As with his colleague and sometime rival William Easterly ( tied at No. 39 ) , the financial crisis had Sachs even more worried about the poor than usual .
He had just spent the last decade trying to convince rich countries to devote a solid chunk of their GDP to bringing about The End of Poverty , as one of his recent book titles proclaims .
As special advisor to then - U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan ( No. 30 ) , Sachs was instrumental in drafting the Millennium Development Goals , the eight broad poverty - reduction targets the United Nations declared in 2000 .
In the years since , he has led the U.N. Millennium Project to develop model “ villages ” across Africa where all eight areas are addressed in tandem .
Will the downturn derail his work ?
In 2009 , Sachs fought to keep global leaders honest even in the face of fiscal hardship .
After this April ’s G - 20 summit he wrote , “ The poorest countries , by and large , were not in the room .
As usual , their plight came far behind the immediate concerns of the high - income and middle - income countries . ”
39 . William Easterly
for raising inconvenient truths about the foreign - aid business .
Economist | New York University | New York
After a half - century of what Easterly sees as a failed experiment in international aid , the world risks losing all the hard - won progress it has made in the turmoil of the financial crisis .
But not if this outspoken economist and cranky aid skeptic has anything to do with it .
After finishing a 16 - year stint at the World Bank , Easterly has made it his life ’s work to puncture holes in what he calls the “ ideology of development . ”
His voluminous commentary — including his explosive 2006 book The White Man ’s Burden , a seemingly endless spat with nemesis Jeffrey Sachs , and now a blog and prolific Twitter feed — is necessary reading for those who care about the world ’s belated and frequently disastrous efforts to help its most benighted citizens .
Reading list : No Enchanted Palace , by Mark Mazower ; Gut Feelings , by Gerd Gigerenzer ; Collected Poems , by John Keats .
Wants to visit : Antarctica
Best idea : Understanding political motivations for ideas in development economics .
Worst idea : Intensifying military and civilian intervention in Afghanistan .
Gadget : Twitter and iPhone .
PATRICK KOVARIK /AFP / Getty Images
41 . Esther Duflo
for adding quantitative rigor to assessments of foreign aid .
economist | MIT | Cambridge , Mass .
If there ’s any hope of adjudicating the Sachs - Easterly contretemps , the 36 - year - old Duflo — who has stayed neutral — might be able to provide it .
Unlike traditional economists who test new aid products under laboratory conditions , Duflo , who just won a MacArthur “ genius ” grant and has been hailed as “ the new face of French intellectualism , ” tests products in the field , with all the interference and compounding data points that go with it .
She has turned her methods on the questions of whether it ’s best to give away or sell mosquito nets , whether grandfathers or grandmothers are more likely to spend on the health of their families , and what incentives work for vaccination .
As co-founder of MIT ’s Poverty Action Lab , Duflo is imposing new rigor on everything from women ’s empowerment to computer - assisted learning : “ [ W ]e are trying to raise expectations but make them real . ”
Reading list : The Emperor , by Ryszard Kapuscinski ; The Biographer ’s Tale , by A.S. Byatt ; In Xanadu , by William Dalrymple .
Wants to visit : Brazil
Gadget : Neither Facebook nor Twitter .
BlackBerry .
42 . Jared Diamond
for helping us understand how societies not only grow , but die .
Geographer | UCLA | Los Angeles
Diamond writes about destruction .
But if his most famous book , Guns , Germs , and Steel , was about how Western civilizations destroyed their competition , his most recent book , Collapse , traces how societies , such as Greenland ’s Vikings , destroy themselves by squandering their natural resources .
Climate change may be a new concern , but the need to live sustainably is an old one , Collapse shows .
More recently , Diamond has turned his attention to modern predicaments , urging less consumption and population restraint .
The Earth today has more than enough resources to sustain its current population , Diamond thinks , but we must use them more intelligently than our ancestors did , lest we go the way of the Vikings .
Reading list : Colomba , by Dacia Maraini ; The Divine Comedy , Dante ; New Guinea : What I Did and What I Saw , Luigi D’Albertis .
Wants to visit : Uzbekistan
Best idea : Triple the price of gasoline in the United States .
Worst idea : Fertilizing the ocean , or injecting gases or particles into the atmosphere to combat climate change .
43 . Richard Posner
for his wide - ranging intellectual contributions .
Judge | University of Chicago | Chicago
Posner is considered one of the United States ’ best legal minds , using free market economics to guide his judicial decisions and academic papers , sometimes in unorthodox directions :
The contrarian jurist , who turned 70 in 2009 , wants to legalize marijuana and has agreed with the idea that infants should be bought and sold rather than adopted .
Still , Posner ’s intellectual daring and range make him a rare and essential public figure .
He co-authors a popular blog with Nobel laureate Gary Becker and churns out nearly a book per year .
In 2009 he produced A Failure of Capitalism , a bracing examination of the economic crisis that assigns blame to former President George W. Bush and ex-Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan and argues that regulatory failure allowed the crisis to happen .
44 . David Kilcullen
for writing the book on how America fights small wars .
Counterinsurgency expert | Washington
A gregarious former lieutenant colonel in the Australian Army , Kilcullen had an epiphany as a Ph.D. student in political anthropology .
At root , guerrilla movements were motivated not by radical ideals , but by mundane , everyday drives ; defeating them requires protecting the population and developing an in - depth knowledge of local social networks .
In 2007 , as the Iraqi insurgency was reaching its height , Gen. David Petraeus ( No. 8 ) brought him on as a senior advisor , and many credit Kilcullen ’s ideas with saving countless lives .
Now , the Aussie has begun applying his out - of - the - box thinking to Afghanistan , starting with his book The Accidental Guerrilla .
“ If I were a Muslim , ” Kilcullen told the New Yorker , “ I ’d probably be a jihadist . …
The thing that drives these guys — a sense of adventure , wanting to be part of the moment , wanting to be in the big movement of history that ’s happening now — that ’s the same thing that drives me , you know ? ”
Reading list : Dead Aid , by Dambisa Moyo ; Talking to Terrorists , by John Bew , et al. ; The Bottom Billion , by Paul Collier .
Wants to visit : Russia
Best idea : “ O3 b , ” Greg Wyler ’s groundbreaking enterprise to create a space - based Internet access system that will connect the “ other 3 billion ” people in the world ’s poorest and most fragile states .
Worst idea :
The notion that the West can afford to fail in Afghanistan and still have a chance of preventing the collapse and terrorist takeover of Pakistan .
Gadget : Facebook and iPhone .
Read more : “ The COINdinistas : An Insider ’s Guide , ” By Thomas E. Ricks
45 . Abdolkarim Soroush
for pitting his theological might against Iran ’s Islamist regime .
religious philosopher | Institute for Epistemological Research | Iran
A one - time philosopher at Tehran University , Soroush has perhaps done more than any other thinker to reconcile Islam with democracy .
Drawing on ideas that range from the Quran to Karl Popper , Soroush argues that no individual can ever have an infallible understanding of God ’s law .
Therefore , people should work to advance God ’s aims , which must be based on the betterment of humankind .
This philosophy is a direct challenge to the Islamic Republic , which bases its legitimacy on the God - given right of its preferred Islamic scholars to rule .
This year , Soroush sharpened his attacks on Iran ’s religious establishment in a blistering open letter to the supreme leader titled “ Religious Tyranny Is Collapsing : Rejoice ! ”
As resentment over the stolen election still simmers , Soroush ’s ideas offer Iran a way forward that establishes an Islamic foundation for a true , representative democracy .
Reading list : The Theological Aspect of Reform Judaism , by Max L. Margolis ; Zen in the Art of Archery , by Eugen Herrigel .
Wants to visit : Egypt
Best idea , worst idea : Just ( as in fair ) liberty , not just ( as in only ) liberty .
Gadget : None .
I ’m a little bit old - fashioned .
46 . Muhammad Yunus
for proving that the poor are profitable .
Economist | Grameen Bank | Bangladesh
Yunus might be the only banker to escape the financial crisis not just unscathed , but noticeably buoyant .
A quarter - century after its founding as the world ’s first microlender to the poor , Yunus ’s Grameen Bank looks the very model of modern capitalism .
The poor , Yunus has found , pay back their debts at least as well as their better - off peers , so much so that Grameen Bank now turns a profit .
Yunus , whose work on microcredit earned him a Nobel Peace Prize and a U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom , among other honors , has been an outspoken advocate of financial reform this year , calling for the global democratization of credit .
“ The real issue ” is not charity , he writes in his autobiography .
It ’s “ giving every human being a fair chance . ”
47 . Christopher Hitchens
for puncturing the received wisdom at every opportunity .
columnist | Vanity Fair , Slate | Washington
It is hard to recall a major political or cultural debate of the past few decades in which Hitchens has not taken a side — and not just taken it , but run with it , and kept on running .
The prolific “ ex - Trotskyist popinjay , ” in the words of one of his detractors , has called for Henry Kissinger to be prosecuted for war crimes , famously railed against Mother Teresa , and lampooned the left for its quiescent response to the fatwa against Salman Rushdie .
His latest book , God Is Not Great : How Religion Poisons
Everything , makes the case that religion is basically evil .
Today , as many pundits have retreated from their support of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , Hitchens remains a die - hard proponent : “ A rumor from Guantanamo will convulse Peshawar , the Muslim press preaches that the Jews brought down the Twin Towers , and a single citation in a British honors list will cause the Iranian state - run press to repeat its claim that the British government … paid Salman Rushdie to write The Satanic Verses to begin with , ” he wrote recently in Slate .
“ Exactly how is such a mentality to be placated ? ”
48 . Ayaan Hirsi Ali
for her provocative critique of Islam , the religion of her youth .
Author | American Enterprise Institute | Washington
Call her the Muslim Nietzsche .
Since renouncing her religious roots in 2002 , Hirsi Ali has become one of the world ’s most outspoken critics of Islam .
Born in Somalia and raised in Saudi Arabia , Ethiopia , and Kenya , Hirsi Ali fled to the Netherlands in 1992 and was later elected a member of the Dutch parliament .
Her 2007 autobiography , Infidel , sealed her reputation as a provocateur .
Now a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a U.S. resident , her challenge to Islam is stark :
End the repression of women , stop honor killings and forced marriages , and open up to cultural reform .
To that end , Hirsi Ali is focusing her energies on Obama , whom she hopes will “ speak truth to Islam because others can ’t . ”
Reading list : The Brothers Karamazov , by Fyodor Dostoyevsky ; War and Peace , by Leo Tolstoy ; Who Are We ?
The Challenges to America ’s National Identity , by Samuel P. Huntington .
Wants to visit : Iran , to ask Ahmadinejad what is going on in his head .
Gadget : Neither Facebook nor Twitter .
Definitely BlackBerry .
49 . Tariq Ramadan
for dedicating his life to proving that Europe and Islam are not incompatible .
Religious scholar | Switzerland
For his entire life , this grandson of Muslim Brotherhood founder Hassan al - Banna has been called a walking contradiction : an Islamic intellectual who espouses democracy but believes religious law is universal , who detests Zionism but also denounces anti-Semitism , and who supports Palestinian resistance but criticizes terrorism .
For just as long , Ramadan has been out to prove that his worldview makes perfect sense .
Ramadan wants to articulate an Islam that is compatible with the liberal democracies of Europe ( where he grew up and now lives ) , one that advocates an end to victimhood and engages with the world ’s political reality .
Not surprisingly , Ramadan has often run into controversy — and frequently has relished it .
No wonder his latest book , What I Believe , “ is a work of clarification , ” as he writes .
It is meant to spell out the “ basic ideas I have been defending for more than twenty years . ”
Reading list : The Sum of All Heresies , by Fredrick Quinn ; Angels in My Hair , by Lorna Byrne ; Contemporary Chinese Philosophy .
Wants to visit : Egypt , from which I am banned .
Best idea :
Put an end worldwide to nuclear weapons .
Worst idea : Promote an “ ethical capitalism . ”
Gadget : Facebook , BlackBerry , and iPhone .
50 . Nicholas Christakis
for explaining why it ’s our friends who define us .
medical sociologist | Harvard university | Cambridge , Mass .
It ’s not only germs that can be contagious .
Christakis , who has both a medical degree and a Ph.D. in sociology , has studied how individuals ’ social networks influence whether they are happy or sad — and even skinny or fat .
In their 2009 book Connected , Christakis and co-author James Fowler expanded the known instances of “ network contagion ” by identifying examples in everything from back pain to political beliefs .
The idea that having fat friends could be contagious made headlines for Christakis , but his longer - lasting impact will come when his revolutionary understanding about social networks starts being applied to real - world crises .
Reading list : Not by Genes Alone , by Peter Richerson and Robert Boyd ; The Mystery of Economic Growth , by Elhanan Helpman ; Stumbling on Happiness , by Daniel Gilbert .
Wants to visit : New Zealand , Australia , and Peru .
Most interesting idea :
That human culture and activities may be changing our genes .
Worst idea : That the United States needs to increase its troop strength in Afghanistan .
Gadget : Facebook and iPhone .
51 . Ahmed Rashid
for his prophetic writing about the global perils of South Asia .
Journalist | Pakistan
Rashid knows the people and conflicts of Afghanistan and Pakistan better than perhaps any living journalist .
He should : After graduating from Cambridge University in the late 1960s , he spent the next decade as a leftist guerrilla fighter in the hills of Pakistan ’s western province of Baluchistan .
No longer a participant in the region ’s struggles , he continues to cover events as a writer , publishing a number of works that have become required reading .
Rashid ’s most recent book , last year ’s Descent into Chaos , accuses George W. Bush ’s administration of “ arrogance and ignorance ” for neglecting to provide the necessary troops and development funds to rebuild Afghanistan following the 2001 U.S. invasion , but also offers a damning portrait of his old friend , Afghan President Hamid Karzai .
He advocates “ a Western - led Marshall Plan ” to revitalize the region ’s economy and undercut al Qaeda ’s ideological appeal — in short , a nation - building effort whose success could be measured in GDP growth and the expansion of political freedoms , rather than bombing runs and body counts .
Carlos Alvarez / Getty Images
52 . Helene Gayle
for putting HIV / AIDS in its big - picture context .
Physician | CARE | Presidential Advisory Council on HIV / AIDS | Atlanta , GA
Gayle has spent her career at the forefront of public health , from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and CARE to , this year , the chairmanship of the U.S. Presidential Advisory Council on HIV / AIDS .
Gayle brings to her work a strong sense of how health is intertwined with the rest of society .
At CARE , Gayle has focused the organization on broader categories of development , like microfinance , while advocating for smarter U.S. policies on foreign aid .
She has pushed for contraception as a powerful way for women to take control not just of their reproductive lives , but also their economic well - being .
“ I ’ve seen how poverty has a woman ’s face , ” she writes .
“ I ’ve seen it in the faces of her children , like a torn hand - me - down passed from generation to generation when the cycle is n’t stopped . ”
Reading list : Half the Sky , by Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn ; The Global Deal , by Nicholas Stern ; The Challenge for Africa , by Wangari Maathai .
Wants to visit : Egypt
Best idea :
The use of cell phone technology to connect poor people to banking systems .
Worst idea :
The bailout of corporations without accountability .
Gadget : Facebook and BlackBerry .
53 . Linus Torvalds
for his visionary work on open - source software .
Software engineer | Portland , Ore .
Torvalds , self - proclaimed “ benevolent dictator ” of one of the most impressive group projects in history , is important not only for what he has done , but for what he has allowed others to do .
An unassuming software engineer from Finland , Torvalds is the architect of the Linux kernel , a computer operating system built with free and open - source software .
Although Torvalds got the ball rolling with the first few lines of code , written at age 21 in his mother ’s Helsinki basement , Linux ’s development has since been fueled by thousands of programmers from across the world , each offering their contributions for free .
Today , Linux has been installed on tens of millions of computing devices and is used to run everything from university network servers to traffic lights .
And open - source culture is now a signature of the modern world , apparent everywhere from blogs and Twitter to Intellipedia , the CIA ’s internal wiki .
54 . Tim Berners - Lee
for remaining the patron saint of the Web he created .
computer scientist | World Wide Web consortium | Cambridge , Mass .
In March 1989 , Berners - Lee , then a computer scientist at the European particle physics laboratory CERN , found a way to connect html , a markup language that he had created , with the Internet .
The fusion of these two technologies , which Berners - Lee intended as a way for scientists to share information , produced the world ’s first websites .
Twenty years later , the Web is used by at least a fifth of the world , and Berners - Lee is trying to protect his creation .
He heads the World Wide Web Consortium , which develops the international standards used on the Web .
His new project is net neutrality — the principle that Internet service providers should not be allowed to discriminate between the content that users access online .
Berners - Lee contends that freedom has been the key ingredient spurring the Web ’s growth and innovation .
“ Anyone that tries to chop [ the Web ] into two will find that their piece looks very boring , ” he predicts .
55 . Henry Kissinger
for a half - century ruling the U.S. foreign - policy community .
Former secretary of state | Kissinger Associates | New York
Kissinger , whose very name is now synonymous with an explicitly realpolitik foreign policy that focuses on national interests rather than idealistic aims , has devoted his life to perfecting the application and expansion of U.S. power .
More than 30 years after leaving office , Kissinger has largely shed his Vietnam - era status as a bête noire of the left and emerged as one of Washington ’s foremost political counselors .
His influence has sometimes been a boon to Obama ’s agenda , such as when he praised the U.S. president ’s handling of negotiations with Iran .
But he is just as liable to be a thorn in the administration ’s side , intervening in the public debate at key moments .
Even now , Kissinger ’s intellectual legacy shapes and defines the views of the U.S. foreign - policy establishment .
As another former U.S. secretary of state , George Shultz , has said , “ There ’s only one Henry Kissinger .
They broke the mold after they made him . ”
56 . Niall Ferguson
for his intelligent , incessant questioning of dogma .
Historian | Harvard University | Cambridge , Mass .
Ferguson has made a career out of challenging sacred cows , both within academia and the popular imagination .
A Financial Times columnist and author of the recent The Ascent of Money , among other books , he has worried that the United States ’ massive fiscal stimulus plan will cause an inexorable rise in long - term interest rates , crushing the hoped - for economic recovery .
He has also been skeptical about the ability of government regulation to fix the economic mess , noting that the crisis began in the banking sector , the most heavily regulated area of the economy .
As he said in June , “ It took decades to get from the highly regulated economies of the 1970s to the free - wheeling , highly globalized economies of 2007 .
It takes a lot less time to destroy globalization . …
We are already moving very rapidly away from globalization . ”
Reading list : Enduring Love , by Ian McEwan ; After Tamerlane , by John Darwin ; The Honoured Society , by Norman Lewis .
Wants to visit : Brazil
Best idea : Paul Romer ’s idea for a new generation of Hong Kong - style , free market entrepôts on the coasts of poor countries .
Worst idea : British Foreign Secretary David Miliband ’s idea of negotiating with “ moderate ” elements in the Taliban .
Gadget : Facebook , Twitter , and BlackBerry .
Read more : “ Dead Men Walking , ” By Niall Ferguson
57 . Baltasar Garzón
for proving that no dictator is safe .
Judge | National Court of Spain | Spain
Since indicting Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet in 1998 during the ex-president ’s trip to London , Garzón has acquired a reputation as a legal crusader , the scourge of drug traffickers , terrorists , and corrupt government officials .
Garzón believes that laws extend beyond national boundaries — making him a hero to the human rights world , a pain to politicians , and a major intellectual force for a jurisprudence that crosses borders in a world increasingly without them .
This spring , he announced he was investigating former U.S. officials for their involvement in Bush - era detention and interrogation policies .
An embarrassed Spanish government recommended against prosecution .
Before long , Garzón had found another controversial target : abuses committed during his country ’s autocratic era under Francisco Franco .
Not for the first time , resurrecting the past has landed Garzón in political peril :
He is being sued by a right - wing group for wanting to dig up the graves ( literally in some cases ) of countless dead officials .
58 . Amartya Sen
for showing how democracy prevents famine .
Economist | Harvard University | Cambridge , Mass .
Sen is that rarest of hybrids — “ the only recent or living economist who takes philosophy seriously , ” in the words of Martha Nussbaum ( No. 93 ) .
Taking his cue from such diverse figures as Karl Marx and Adam Smith ( whom he hails as an underappreciated moral philosopher ) , Sen earned a Nobel Prize in economics in 1998 for his groundbreaking insight :
Food scarcity does n’t kill people ; bad governments do .
Central to his thinking is the concept of “ capabilities ” — the idea that it is not just the distribution of resources in a society that matters , but the ability of its members to make informed choices about the use of those resources and to punish leaders who fail them .
A decade later , Sen remains a prominent political voice .
In September he partnered with Joseph Stiglitz ( No. 25 ) to release a study urging governments to incorporate noneconomic variables into assessments of well - being , and in October his new book The Idea of Justice topped the best - seller list in his native India .
Best idea :
That global politics demands uncompromising multilateralism .
Worst idea :
That the present Afghan problems are similar to those in Vietnam .
59 . Barbara Ehrenreich
for her relentless efforts to understand the root causes of poverty and inequality .
Social commentator | Key West , Fla .
Shortly before the 2001 publication of her award - winning book Nickel and Dimed , Ehrenreich was diagnosed with breast cancer .
The experience inspired another nonfiction work , this year ’s Bright - Sided , her broadside about the myopia of American optimism .
Ehrenreich argues that Americans are plagued by their own delusions , whether it ’s the idea that cancer presents an opportunity for self - improvement , that stocks will always rise , or that the poor , sick , and socially marginalized need only to repair their own attitudes .
American Pollyannaism “ reached a manic zenith in the early years of this millennium , ” she wrote in Time .
“ Iraq would be a cakewalk !
The Dow would reach 36,000 !
Housing prices could never decline ! ”
Her chronicles of hard lives too often ignored in the mainstream press — journeying from car factories in Detroit to empty trailers in the American heartland — make her the James Agee of our time .
60 . Bruce Bueno de Mesquita
for hitting the bull ’s - eye more often than anyone .
Political scientist | New York University | San Francisco
Bueno de Mesquita should have been a professional gambler .
The New York University political scientist has devoted his uniquely creative analytical mind to , in essence , reading tea leaves — though in a very sophisticated way , drawing on interviews with specialists and complex computer models .
His algorithms are usually dead - on accurate — 90 percent correct in his hundreds of studies for the CIA , the agency says .
He called in advance , for instance , the rise of Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the 1994 Mexican peso crisis , and the second Palestinian intifada of 2000 .
This year , he peeled back the curtain and offered some new forecasts in The Predictioneer ’s Game .
For one , he suggests that the best way to contain the North Korean nuclear threat would be to provide money and security guarantees in exchange for Kim Jong
Il ’s stopping the program — but not asking him to dismantle anything already created .
Who would bet against him ?
Reading list : Constantine and the Bishops , by H.A. Drake ; Waiting , by Ha Jin ; The Elegance of the Hedgehog , by Muriel Barbery .
Wants to visit : Tanzania
Best idea : Stimulating the economy and keeping interest rates low will help speed up economic recovery .
Worst idea : Global warming can only be corrected through global , universal agreement .
Gadget : Twitter and iPhone .
RICK GERSHON / Getty Images
61 . Salam Fayyad
for showing how to govern effectively in the middle of a conflict .
Prime minister | Palestinian National Authority | West Bank
With his boss tottering and peace talks stagnating , Fayyad has emerged as the last , best hope for a permanent settlement between Israel and the Palestinians .
Fayyad , who holds a Ph.D. in economics , rose to prominence as the IMF ’s representative in the Palestinian territories , where he subsequently became finance minister .
In June 2007 , he was promoted to prime minister , finally giving him the authority to root out corruption and embark on institutional reforms , such as making the Palestinian Authority ’s notoriously opaque annual budget public .
Now , he is calling for the creation of a Palestinian state within two years — regardless of the progress of peace talks .
With the West Bank ’s economy projected to grow 7 percent in 2009 , Fayyad is building a reputation as an effective guarantor of his people ’s economic and political welfare .
In this region , that ’s no small thing .
Reading list : Palestinian Walks , by Raja Shehadeh ; The World Is Flat , by Thomas Friedman ; Freakonomics , by Steven Levitt and Stephen Dubner .
Wants to visit : South Africa
Best idea : Obama ’s “ reaching - out ” doctrine .
Worst idea :
That keeping Gaza under siege is working .
62 . Xu Zhiyong
for driving the debate in China about citizens ’ rights .
Legal activist | Gongmeng think tank | China
Xu is , in the words of the New Yorker ‘s Evan Osnos , “ as close as China gets to a public - interest icon . ”
The legal scholar and activist has emerged as a vocal champion of victims ’ rights in just about every major legal scandal of recent years , offering pro bono advice to victims of police brutality , tainted milk products , and extrajudicial detention .
Reflecting Xu’s strong belief in working for change within the system , the primary mission of Gongmeng , the legal think tank he co-founded in 2003 , is to protect the rights to which Chinese citizens are theoretically already entitled .
But though he is an independent elected legislator and has received multiple accolades in the state - run media , he found himself on the wrong side of an increasingly mistrustful Chinese administration this year .
In July , Gongmeng was shut down for alleged tax irregularities , and Xu was arrested and detained .
Following a domestic and international outcry , he was released in late August , though he remains under surveillance .
Reading list : Baha ’i Sacred Anthology ; a history of Chinese philosophy ; the Quran .
Wants to visit : Tanzania
Gadget : Twitter
63 . Mario Vargas Llosa
for challenging the fiction of socialist utopia .
Novelist | Peru
One of Latin America ’s most beloved literary treasures , Peruvian novelist Vargas Llosa has transitioned seamlessly into the public realm , where he is an outspoken advocate of democracy and civil liberties in the region .
“ The socialism of the 21st century manifests in monstrous corruption of the sort that is present in Venezuela — where all forms of communication are closed or threatened , economically blackmailed such that no one speaks the truth , and no one criticizes those in power , ” he has said .
At home , Vargas Llosa has also pushed for reform , advocating , for example , a museum to commemorate the victims of Peru ’s brutal Shining Path guerrillas .
Nor is he slacking in the literary department :
This year he was nominated for the Man Booker International Prize .
Reading list : The Black Diaries of Roger Casement ; The Reckoning , by Charles Nicholl ; Descartes ’ Bones , by Russell Shorto .
Wants to visit : Ireland , because of the book that I am writing about Roger Casement .
Best idea :
That for the first time the United States is acting with fairness and equanimity in the Israeli and Palestinian conflict .
Worst idea :
That capitalism is doomed after the economic crisis .
Gadget :
Only newspapers and books .
64 . Michael Ignatieff
for showing that not all academics are irrelevant .
Liberal Party leader | Canada
Poised to become Canadian prime minister next year , only five years after leaving Harvard University ’s Carr Center for Human Rights Policy , Ignatieff is out to prove the relevance of academia — and big ideas — in politics .
Ignatieff ’s writing on the sometime necessity of “ violence … coercion , secrecy , deception , even violation of rights ” to fight terrorism has made him a singular voice among Canadian liberals .
His 2004 book , The Lesser Evil , made the case that targeted violence was necessary to prevent the possibility of falling victim to greater violence , but stressed that democratic states should not employ torture or be motivated by national pride or revenge .
In 2006 he was elected to Canada ’s House of Commons and in 2008 became leader of the Liberal Party .
As a politician , he ’s renewed his party ’s focus on human rights , the war in Afghanistan , and more recently , global climate change , which he defines in characteristically utilitarian fashion as “ redistributing risk to the poorest and most vulnerable people in the world . ”
65 . Francis Fukuyama
for creating a foreign - policy paradigm that has defined almost two decades of argument .
Political philosopher | Johns Hopkins University | Washington
The foreign - policy world can be pretty cleanly split into two groups : those who passionately agree with “ The End of History , ” and those who passionately disagree .
Fukuyama ’s seminal work came out 20 years ago , but its central conclusion — that liberal democracy will supplant other political ideologies as the dominant paradigm of the 21st century — remains the crucial issue of the day .
With Moscow and Beijing flexing their global muscles and the recession driving Western democracies inward , Fukuyama ’s thesis might seem in doubt , but he ’s still making the case .
“ I am still fairly confident that democratic systems are the only viable ones , ” he told Newsweek .
This year , Fukuyama joined in debates about the future of Iran — arguing , against conventional wisdom , that it may be possible for the Islamic Republic to “ evolve towards a genuine rule - of - law democracy , ” even while allowing for continued strong clerical influence .
Reading list : Law , Legislation and Liberty , by Friedrich von Hayek ; The Great Transformation , by Karl Polanyi ; Capitalism , Socialism and Democracy , by Joseph Schumpeter .
Wants to visit : Ecuador
Best idea : Reforming the health - care system .
Worst idea : A tax write - off for pet care .
Gadget : Facebook and iPhone .
66 . The Kagan Family ( Donald , Robert , Frederick , and Kimberly )
for shaping the debate over Iraq and Afghanistan .
foreign - policy commentators | Yale University , Washington Post , American Enterprise Institute , Institute for the Study of War | New Haven , Conn . ; Belgium ; Washington
For the Kagans , war is a family affair .
Patriarch Donald is a Yale University historian specializing in ancient Greece and one of the leading lights of the neoconservative movement .
His sons , Robert and Frederick , played a central role in rallying support for the “ surge ” in Iraq when the war appeared at its most hopeless and served as forceful advocates for the strategy among their allies in George W. Bush ’s administration ( Frederick as a scholar at the hawkish American Enterprise Institute , Robert as a columnist for the Washington Post ) .
They were joined by Frederick ’s wife , Kimberly , who heads the Institute for the Study of War and later published an account of the war titled The Surge : A Military History .
This year , the Kagans have thrown themselves into the Afghanistan debate ; Kimberly served on Gen.
Stanley McChrystal ’s strategic assessment team , and along with Frederick , she has called repeatedly for a fully resourced counterinsurgency effort .
Robert , meanwhile , who lives in Brussels and is perhaps best known for arguing that “ Americans are from Mars and Europeans are from Venus , ” holds a big - picture view of international affairs that justifies assertive U.S. intervention abroad .
His latest book , The Return of History and the End of Dreams , calls for the creation of a “ league of democracies ” to promote political liberalization and human rights globally .
Robert Kagan :
Reading list : The Weary Titan , by Aaron Friedberg ; Over Here , by David Kennedy ; Breaking the Heart of the World , by John Milton Cooper .
Wants to visit : India , still the great , yawning gap in my travels over the past 30 years .
Best idea : Gen. McChrystal ’s counterinsurgency plan for Afghanistan .
Worst idea : The Obama administration ’s new policy toward China — “ strategic reassurance . ”
Gadget : I find Twitter the most absurd development in an absurd era .
I love my iPhone : the best communications device ever invented .
67 . C. Raja Mohan
for his forceful advocacy of India ’s rise to great - power status .
political scientist | Nanyang Technological University | Singapore
With India on the verge of achieving its potential as a regional power , Mohan is one of the leading theorists pushing the world ’s largest democracy to abandon its traditional aloofness and seek full integration with the West .
A strong U.S. - India partnership , Mohan argues in his influential columns for the Indian Express and The Hindu , will assist India in its continued economic rise — and give the United States an ally in Asia that could provide vital assistance in halting the rise of radical Islam and checking China ’s rising power .
Mohan praised George W. Bush ’s administration for its outreach to India , but urges the United States to husband its power more carefully and realize that it “ cannot play God by resolving every single problem in the world . ”
Reading list : The Arabian Frontier of the British Raj , by James Onley ; Three Kingdoms , by Luo Guanzhong ; The Hindus , by Wendy Doniger .
Wants to visit : Indonesia
Best idea :
The idea of a regional framework to stabilize Afghanistan .
Worst idea : The China - America G - 2 .
68 . James Hansen
for his pioneering research and advocacy on climate change .
director | NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies | New York
Scientists tend to view their job as simply uncovering the facts — doing something about them is the job of politicians and activists .
But after 2 ½ decades of presenting his hair - raising findings about the threat of rising sea levels and melting glaciers in congressional hearings , scientific conferences , and academic papers , Hansen has come to believe that facts do n’t speak for themselves .
When a new Bush - era policy directed him to deal with reporters only through communications staff , Hansen — who developed one of the first computer models to predict the impact of rising CO2 levels on the Earth ’s temperature — broke ranks and took his controversial story public .
These days , he divides his time between GISS and anti-coal protests across the country .
Earlier this year , he helped launch the “ 350 mission , ” a campaign to popularize the view that the best target for atmospheric carbon content is 350 parts per million — much lower than previously thought .
69 . Freeman Dyson
for bringing scientific rigor to climate - change skepticism .
Physicist | Institute for Advanced Study | Princeton , N.J.
Dyson , a physicist famous as much for his advocacy against nuclear weaponry as for his brilliance on quantum electrodynamics , dropped his own bomb in 2005 .
In a lecture at Boston University , the octogenarian Institute for Advanced Study scholar said that “ all the fuss about global warming is grossly exaggerated . ”
Since then , Dyson has provided extensive commentary expanding on his doubts about climate change against the vitriolic criticism and even disdain his views have occasioned .
Dyson is convinced that the James Hansens of the world might have the science wrong — and that even if they do have it right , climate change might not be so bad .
He argues that humanity and the Earth will be able to handle increased greenhouse gases and that lifting people in developing countries from poverty is more important than capping emissions .
Like any good scientist , Dyson admits he could be mistaken .
But no one is questioning the courage of his convictions .
70 . Esther Dyson
for accurately forecasting how the Internet will shape us .
internet Entrepreneur | Edventure holdings | New York
Dyson describes herself as a “ catalyst ” — an apt term for the ever - moving , ever - innovative high - tech guru ( she and her father , No. 69 , are the only parent - child pair on FP ‘s list ) .
She started out as a reporter , later owned her own business , and finally became an angel investor , seeding funds for everything from Eastern European philanthropy to civilian space travel .
In a 1995 Wired magazine essay , she presciently theorized that the easy replication and distribution of digital content meant that companies would ultimately give it away for free and make money off other merchandise and services .
Today , she predicts that advertisers will tailor content to individual users .
She also predicts that people will increasingly view the solar system , rather than the planet , as their home , with companies seeking out revenue and materials throughout it .
Reading list : The Paradox of Choice , by Barry Schwartz ; Cutting for Stone , by Abraham Verghese ; Making Globalization Work , by Joseph Stiglitz .
Wants to visit : Iran
Best idea : Train unemployed workers to be teachers and build retirement homes next to orphanages .
Worst idea : Airport security .
Gadget : Facebook , Twitter , and BlackBerry .
GABRIEL BOUYS / AFP / Getty Images
71 . Ray Kurzweil
for advancing the technology of eternal life .
Futurist | North Andover , Mass .
By 2045 , the differences between men and machines will be negligible , or so Kurzweil believes .
Humans will back up their memories and skill sets on hard drives , to the extent that they become virtually immortal , while robots will be endowed with consciousne
When Barack Obama came to office , it was in the middle of horrible financial turbulence , and it was his plan to continue on the bailout path started by his predecessor George W. Bush .
So he picked an uncontroversial character who knew Wall Street and the bailouts inside and out : Tim Geithner .
But less than a year later , with the crisis fading from memory , Geithner 's fog - of - war decisions have turned him into a lame - duck piñata .
Sometime before the next mid-term election , Geithner will be out , and Barack Obama will have to pick a replacement .
Qualified replacements must know international finance , be prepared to sell lots of bonds to the Chinese , and be completely untainted by Wall Street and the bailout .
In fact , there 's a good chance , Obama will select someone of the pre-Hank Paulson variety .
Remember , Treasury secretaries did n't always come from Wall Street .
Bush had both a rail and an aluminum exec in the slot prior to the former Goldman Sachs CEO .
Such a move , from someone in real industry , rather than the money industry , will go down very easily .
The State Quarters program is noteworthy for many reasons , but perhaps the most interesting to U.S. coin collectors is the number of error coins that have appeared in the State Quarter series .
The coin featured here is an example of the struck through grease or filled die error type .
Although they can be quite common , this error is particularly interesting because it changed a word another work .
In fact , the error makes it sort of funny .
Looking at the image , you can see that the first " T " in " TRUST " seems to be missing , rendering a legend that says , " In God We Rust . "
If you look real closely , though , you can see a faint outline of the T .
In the second image , I have tilted the coin a little differently to the light so you can see the T better .
The third image is of the reverse side , showing that this error occurs on the 2005 - P Kansas state quarter and can still be found in circulation .
Why is the " T " Missing ?
Like all mechanical machines , a lubricant is needed in the coin press to prevent the metal parts from causing friction to each other .
In this case , some lubricating grease escaped from the machinery onto the surface of the coin die , eventually plugging up the letter T in TRUST .
With the T being plugged , when the coin dies struck the planchet , the T was n't fully transferred to the surface of the coin .
This type of error is called a struck through grease filled die ( or just " filled die " ) error .
Sometimes , the grease can be combined with dirt and other impurities to form a hard compound .
When it gets stuck between the coin die and the planchet , it will become even harder under the pressure of the striking chamber .
In this case , the filled coin die can be used to strike thousands of coins before it falls out or a press operator cleans the coin die .
As the coin die continues to strike blanks and coins , the grease continues to be compressed and becomes thinner and thinner .
Eventually , the grease may actually fall out of the recessed area of the dies .
At this point , the die will continue to strike normal coins with the entire word .
Is the Struck Through Grease Filled Die Error Common ?
Actually , yes , this kind of thing happens fairly often .
What is n't so common is the fact that it happened in such an interesting place , actually changing the meaning of an important motto on the coin .
Sometimes , whole words get obliterated because of a filled die !
In fact , there are cases of the entire surface of the coin coming out all mushy - looking , or very lightly struck , because of excessive grease .
The most frequent occurrence , however , is that the grease does n't get anywhere interesting on the coin , and simply obscures or weakens a minor area of the surface , and nobody ever notices it .
How Much is the Struck Through Grease Filled Die Error Worth ?
As a general rule , they are not worth very much unless they are especially spectacular in some way .
Then they might be valued at $ 2 to $ 5 , perhaps , depending on condition .
Filled die errors that occur in currently circulating coinage are not usually worth anything at all unless the coin is in an extremely high grade , generally MS - 60 or better .
Filled die errors on Proof coins , however , can bring a nice premium , since it is very rare that defective coins make it through the careful Proof quality - control process .
Edited by : James Bucki
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
01/04/2010
Low Rhode from the National Organization For [ Making Bereavement Processes Exponentially More Excruciating ]
by Jeremy Hooper
Do you remember when Rhode Island governor Don Carcieri vetoed a bill that would 've done little more than ensure that same - sex couples can bury their late partners with dignity ?
And do you also remember the countless times that the National Organization For Marriage has claimed that their homo - hostile fight is solely about their desire to " preserve " the institution , not to wipe out LGBT rights in general ?
Yea , well : Take those two memories and adjust them for 2010 .
For Carcieri's veto is now coming back into light via a new legislative attempt to override it , while NOM 's supposedly limited mission is becoming more elucidated under this same restored glare .
This letter comes from NOM - Rhode Island 's Christopher Plante :
31 December 2009
Re : Domestic Partners / Funeral Arrangements ( SB 195/ HB5294 )
Dear Representative Ferri ,
It has come to the understanding of The National Organization for Marriage - Rhode Island that the House has scheduled a vote to override the Governor 's veto of SB 195 and HB 5294 .
NOM - Rhode Island urges you to vote to sustain this veto .
NOM - Rhode Island recognizes that the situation that befell Mr. Goldberg was indeed tragic .
NOM - RI also trusts that the mistakes that led to this heartbreaking story will never be repeated .
However , the proposed legislation simply is not necessary to avoid such a repetition .
The right of any person , without regard to sexual preference or relationship to the decedent , to serve as a designated funeral - planning agent is already expressly guaranteed by Rhode Island Law 5- 33.1 - 4 .
That statute only requires a simple notarized form naming an agent .
By law , that agent 's designation must be honored by medical examiners , funeral homes and presumably even the obituary page of The Providence Journal .
Rather than being compassionate , the legislation in question is actually an exploitation of Mr. Goldberg 's tragedy by the homosexual - marriage activists in Rhode Island .
Despite their claims to the contrary , these bills serve simply as " Trojan Horses " for homosexual - marriage ...
KEEP READING : NOM -RI Pressures Legislators Not To Override Carcieri's Funeral Rights Veto [ PHB ]
So NOM is claiming that this funeral bill is a secret plot to get marriage equality ?
Okay , well , that just shows us exactly why we gay folk can never work with any of these anti-marriage groups on anything LGBT related , even when they claim that " traditional marriage " is their only goal .
Because to them , our every gain is a supposed blow at " the institution™ . "
We get a protection of any sort ( from hate crimes to hangnails ) , and they immediately start working their " slippery slope " talking points .
It does n't matter how minor the victory .
Since they know that the ultimate goal of marriage equality holds a broad consensus within the LGBT community , our every creep forward is seen by them as a some sort of " attack " on heterosexuals ' ring fingers .
The truth : NOM is as much against the full spectrum of LGBT rights as is Focus on the Family , Family Research Council , or any of the other far - right outfits who hijack the very idea of kinship for their own myopic gains .
NOM may link it all back to marriage .
But at the end of the day , it 's the union of human being to LGB orientation ( or T identity ) that they truly hope to annul .
*** UPDATE : From Rhode Island State Rep. David Segal :
" NOM 's revolting stand on this issue should be broadcast far and wide , wherever they work in opposition to gay marriage . "
Rhode Island to Buck National Organization for Marriage , Override Veto of Domestic Partner Death Rights [ Huff Po ]
**SEE ALSO : A taste of Christopher Plante :
Your thoughts
I decided to spoof NOM Rhode Island 's above letter in the following parody video that switches out gay couples with couples who have sex before they 're married :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8nkCKBenfU
Posted by : Sean Chapin | Jan 4 , 2010 8:46:06 AM
Okay , WTF ?!
Allowing one 's surviving spouse to bury them is " a Trojan Horse " for marriage equality in ... RI .?!
NOM never seems to anwser , explicitly , WHY the GLBT Comm .
should be forced to jump through hoops that hets .
do not !
Why is separate - but - ( un ) equal supposed to be good enough for us ?
Despite this , NOM claims that saving " traditional ; marriage " is their only goal ; however , they have also gone after any state which has legalized second class status , such as Civil unions and Domestic Partnerships , which is strange , because ol ' mags has said that she is fine with those !
Gods , it would be great if the media actually went after NOM in the same way that our ol ' cutie and Blogger extraordinaire , Jeremey is !
The news media is allowing us to be quietly assaulted ; yet , I hold the hope that if this were common knowledge on the national state , there might be an out - cry to stop this from our het .
brothers and sisters that see it , truly , as an injustice , but maybe are unaware of it ...
I NEED to hold on to that hope !
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Jan 4 , 2010 1:44:43 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
I ’ve got something here that you seriously need to see , that will REALLY go a long ways towards helping you avoid trouble and , most importantly , avoiding jailtime .
This is n’t just something for bad guys anymore–as a cop friend of mine told me , and I ’ve heard this several times since , “ If you ’ll let me follow you around for a day I PROMISE you I can find multiple things to arrest you for , and if you ’ll let me follow you around a little longer I can probably even come up with a felony or two . ”
Holy shit , not good ! 😯 .
Right ?
Well , today we ’re going to learn how to avoid
getting arrested , why you do n’t talk to the police , plus how to deal with them ( it ’s more along the lines of saying the right things to the police + not saying stupid shit ) when you are in a situation ( traffic stop , witness / accessory to a crime , etc. ) where you have to say SOMETHING .
But first ,
here ’s an exceptionally informative Public Service Announcement Chris Rock has put together for us :
How to actually avoid getting arrested in the first place
The Flex Your Rights association has , in cooperation with the retired director of the ACLU , an outstanding 45 minute presentation on how to avoid getting arrested called “ Busted ” , have a look :
Now , here ’s why you really should n’t talk to the police and what to do when you ’re confronted by them
Ex-narc shows how not to get busted with pot
A former narcotics officer with over 800 arrests has just recently put out a DVD on how to avoid getting busted when traveling with your stash , you ’re not going to believe this , check this out : Never Get Busted Again 1 : Traffic Stops , and apparently other cops and the media are throwing a fit over it , lol : Ex -Drug Officer Shows Users How to Avoid Arrest
Additional Resources and Further Reading
Besides that DVD I mentioned above , an excellent book that I highly recommend is Arrest - Proof Yourself : An Ex -Cop Reveals How Easy It Is for Anyone to Get Arrested , How Even a Single Arrest Could Ruin Your Life , and What to Do If the Police Get in Your Face ( very succinct title , I know 🙄 ) –Dale Carson has been both a cop and a criminal defense attorney .
Here , he puts his years of experience into a “ how - not - to - fuck - up ” type of book .
He feels that most people who get arrested are n’t the worst criminals ; they are just the most “ clueless ” — small - time offenders who make bad decisions and end up in what he calls the “ electronic plantation . ”
Now that computers make it ever so easy to track people , getting arrested , even if you ’re not ultimately convicted , can and will come back to haunt you .
Carson has three golden rules : “ If cops ca n’t see you , they ca n’t arrest you , ” “ Keep your dope at home , ” and “ Give cops your name and basic info , then shut the fuck up ! ”
Sounds like good stuff .
The infamous Erowid Vault has got an excellent article on how to avoid being arrested here .
Here ’s an awesome article on how to avoid a drunk driving arrest and conviction I found you might be interested in .
The gold prices used in this table and chart are supplied by FastMarkets .
Where the gold price is presented in currencies other than the US dollar , it is converted into the local currency unit using the foreign exchange rate at the time ( or as close to as possible ) .
High - flying hero pilot Chesley Sullenberger confessed that he 's been enjoying " rock star sex " in the wake of being dubbed a national hero .
Sully , who landed a US Airways jetliner safely in New York Hudson 's River earlier this year , said in an interview for NBC's " People of the Year " TV special set to air on Thursday that the near - tragic incident has added some sizzle to his sex life .
" He does n't know I 'm going to say this , but I had joked the other day that ... the hero sex really helps a 20 - year - old marriage , " wife Laurie Sullengerger said .
" Rock star sex , " Sully said .
The 58 - year old became an overnight celebrity after his heroic efforts spared the lives of all 155 on board .
Sully was among Taylor Swift , octomom Nadya Suleman , Susan Boyle and Kobe Bryant in the hour - long special .
00:52
Kelly Skye Is Fucking A Black Guy In Her Home , Because They Like His Huge Fat Cock
Stop spending hours making an autorun CD !
With 1st AutoRun Express you will do it in a few clicks .
No programming or design required !
Create Autorun Menu for your Autorun CD with 1st AutoRun Express
Create a new autorun menu project from scratch
When you start 1st AutoRun Express , the following welcome screen is displayed .
Select Create new option then click Next button to continue .
It will open new project setup page .
Adjust new project name if required , then click Next button to continue .
Now specify that you want your autorun CD to display an autorun menu and let user choose what to open .
Select the corresponding option , then click Next button to continue .
Add documents , folders and web sites to the autorun menu .
Initially there are no items in the menu :
Click
Add documents to browse your computer for documents , or drag those documents from Explorer .
If you select / drag one file , it will be automatically added to the autorun menu .
If you select / drag more than one document , when 1st AutoRun Express will ask you , what to do with them :
If you select Add a menu item for each file then each document will have its own entry in the autorun menu .
If you select Put files into a folder , then you will choose new or existing folder to put all these documents and autorun menu will display just that folder .
If you select Just copy files , then files will be added to the autorun project , but not to the autorun menu .
This is useful for supplementary files .
For this tutorial we will click Add a menu item for each file .
Now click
Up arrow button to move January to the top and click Preview button to preview your autorun menu :
Now let 's see how you can add links and folders to the autorun menu
Click
Add link to add web site link or e-mail address to the autorun menu :
You can also drag links here from your web browser .
Click
Add folder to select a folder on your autorun CD , that will be open by a new autorun menu command :
You can also drag folder from Explorer , to add its contents to the autorun CD and add a menu command to open this folder to your autorun menu .
Organize and edit entries in the autorun menu .
Use buttons listed below to manage autorun menu entries :
Move current autorun menu item up Move current autorun menu item down
( In addition you may drag & drop autorun menu items to change their order )
Edit current autorun menu item Delete current autorun menu item Explore autorun project folder ( very useful to add documents to your autorun menu with a drag & drop ! )
When you press Edit you will get the following dialog for document entries :
In this dialog you may adjust a title displayed in the autorun menu for this item .
You can select another document or test how it will start .
You can click Options to edit advanced settings used to start this document , including command - line parameters , window state and shell open command :
For web link and folder open autorun menu commands you will use similar edit dialogs .
Once you finish with autorun menu entries , press the Next button .
Adjust advanced settings for your autorun CD
You can click Finish to complete the process or use buttons on this page to setup advanced autorun menu options .
Click Adjust menu appearance to setup autorun menu fonts , colors , pictures etc .
Click Adjust CD options to setup custom CD icon and title
Click Auto - install viewers to setup what to do if users of your CD will not have a necessary software to read your document .
By default a corresponding page in 1st AutoRun Express Viewers Library will be displayed .
Press Finish to proceed to completion
Burn your autorun menu project to CD .
Click Burn the project to CD to burn the CD using Windows XP / Vista burning capabilities .
Click Browse the folder with CD files to see a folder with project files , that you should burn to CD .
Click
Test without burning to run your autorun menu from your disk .
The idea of fanbased " Meet the " has been around pretty much and it's admirable on how many ideas it creates , and this is probably one of the better ones
The colouring is great and the perspective it good .
Some thougth love though , it seems like the tractor is only slightly touching the ground with its tiers .
I think it would be better if a small part of it were burried into the ground so it shows that the tractor is heavy .
Appart from that , nice one
Radical plan to cut CO2 argues that paying for family planning is developing world is the best bet
Consumers in the developed world are to be offered a radical method of offsetting their carbon emissions in an ambitious attempt to tackle climate change - by paying for contraception measures in poorer countries to curb the rapidly growing global population .
The scheme - set up by an organisation backed by Sir David Attenborough , the former diplomat Sir Crispin Tickell and green figureheads such as Jonathon Porritt and James Lovelock - argues that family planning is the most effective way to reduce the likelihood of catastrophic global warming .
Optimum Population Trust ( Opt ) stresses that birth control will be provided only to those who have no access to it , and only unwanted births would be avoided .
Opt estimates that 80 million pregnancies each year are unwanted .
The cost - benefit analysis commissioned by the trust claims that family planning is the cheapest way to reduce carbon emissions .
Every £ 4 spent on contraception , it says , saves one tonne of CO2 being added to global warming , but a similar reduction in emissions would require an £ 8 investment in tree planting , £ 15 in wind power , £ 31 in solar energy and £ 56 in hybrid vehicle technology .
Calculations based on the trust 's figures show the 10 tonnes emitted by a return flight from London to Sydney would be offset by enabling the avoidance of one unwanted birth in a country such as Kenya .
Such action not only cuts emissions but reduces the number of people who will fall victim to climate change , it says .
" The scheme , called PopOffsets , understands the connection [ between population increase and climate change ] , " says the trust director Roger Martin .
" It offers a practical and sensible response .
For the first time ever individuals , companies and organisations will have the opportunity to offset their carbon voluntarily by supporting projects to provide family planning services where there is currently unmet demand . "
In papers released with the launch of the offset scheme , the trust claims that reducing CO 2 by 34 gigatonnes would cost about $ 220bn with family planning , but more than $ 1tn with low carbon technologies .
The 34 gigatonnes is roughly what the world emits in a year , and would be achieved by cutting the projected global population in 2050 by 500 million .
The world 's population , presently 6.8 billion , is increasing by nearly 84 million a year .
The growth is equivalent to a new country the size of Germany each year , or a city the size of Birmingham every week .
It is expected by the UN to peak at about 9 billion people in 2050 .
By this time , UN scientists say global carbon emissions must have reduced by at least 80 % to avoid dangerous rises in temperature , meaning the carbon footprint of each citizen in 2050 will have to be very low .
" The current level of human population growth is unsustainable and places acute pressure on global resources .
Human activity is exacerbating global warming , and higher population levels inevitably mean higher emissions and more climate change victims , " said Martin .
The giant carbon footprints of developed countries mean prevented births will save far more carbon than those in developing nations .
However , some development groups opposed the plan .
" We are keen that any money raised [ from offsets ] help the poorest who are most vulnerable to climate change .
[ But ] it would be misleading if it was spent in this way .
It should go to [ immediate ] things like disaster risk reduction , food security and water , " said Paul Cook , advocacy director of Tearfund , a faith - based development group .
Population control is highly contentious in rich and poor countries alike Some , such as Jonathon Porritt , the former Sustainable Development Commission chair , have said promotion of reproductive health is one of the most progressive forms of intervention .
" Had there been no ' one child family ' policy in China there would now have been 400 million additional Chinese citizens , " he has said .
But other thinkers , such as the Guardian columnist George Monbiot , say global population increase pales into insignificance when compared with the effect of increased consumption and economic growth .
Due to a rare genetic problem with Dede 's immune system he has been unable to fight the HPV infection or Human Papilloma Virus causing his body to produce tree - like warts mostly on his arms and legs
Credit : GETTY
Some shops opened with a fanfare then quietly closed
By Lauren Hansen
BBC News Magazine
Not long ago Second Life was everywhere , with businesses opening branches and bands playing gigs in this virtual world .
Today you'd be forgiven for asking if it 's still going .
Once upon a time Second Life had a Twitter level of hype .
Even those without a cartoon version of themselves could n't plead ignorance due to blanket coverage in newspapers and magazines .
Second Life is a virtual world started by the US firm Linden Lab in 2003 , in which users design an avatar to live their " second life " online .
And everything about this world can be customised for a price - new outfits , drinks in a bar , even a luxury mansion can be bought with Linden dollars .
Mentions of Second Life first crept into the UK media mainstream in early 2006 .
The Maldives were the first to open a virtual embassy in 2007 A year later , newspapers fell over themselves to cover it , devoting many column inches in their business , technology and lifestyle sections to profiles and trend pieces .
By the end of 2007 Second Life had secured more than 600 mentions in UK newspapers and magazines , according to the media database Lexis Nexis .
IBM bought property in 2006 , American Apparel opened a shop the same summer , Reuters installed avatar journalist Adam Pasick - also known as Adam Reuters - to report on virtual happenings , and countries established virtual embassies .
The number of people joining the site jumped from 450,000 to four million in 2007 .
But just as quickly as it had flared , media interest ebbed away .
References plummeted by 40 % in 2008 and dropped further this year .
And businesses diverted their resources back to real life .
American Apparel closed its shop just one year after opening .
Reuters pulled its correspondent in October 2008 .
When asked about his virtual experience , Pasick says : " It is n't a subject we like to revisit . "
So , what happened ?
SECOND LIFE'S PRECURSOR
In Snow Crash by Neil Stephenson , a seminal sci- fi work of the 90s , one of the plots is that there was this whole metaverse exactly like Second Life , only cooler .
You had a whole generation of people who read Snow Crash and were talking about this idea of the internet as a 3D world you could immerse yourself in
Ben Hammersley
Not much , says Wired UK editor - at - large Ben Hammersley , and that was the problem .
" You could go and open these stores and no - one would turn up , " he says .
" They would have 20 to 30 people there when it opened , and after that no - one would bother going in there again .
It just was n't worth the spend . "
The " spend " varied from business to business .
A retailer like American Apparel might spend £ 10,000 on designers , as well as storage space from Linden Lab , to build a virtual store .
But at the peak of the hype , the cost of purchasing or building property was worth it .
" The first to go online would make the front page of the Guardian , " Mr Hammersley says .
" But when you 're the 15th country who goes on Second Life , no magazine , no newspaper touches it . "
Some businesses and users found it was n't quite for them .
The technology was n't easily grasped and some computers could n't handle it .
Second Life has had to temper its ambitions for the quality of graphics to extend its accessibility across varying speeds of broadband around the world , leading to complaints about the cartoony look and feel of the site .
And there is a fundamental question about whether Second Life is a game or a social networking site .
" It 's not a really good social space , " Mr Hammersley says .
" Not as good as Facebook or any general online forum .
Avatars can walk , fly and teleport Simon Gardner , a 23 - year - old freelance social media marketer , believed the hype in 2007 .
He signed on , created an avatar with a shock of red hair that vaguely resembled him , and jumped into what he found to be a lacklustre experience .
" It was a real pain .
You have to learn how to control things and read manuals on how to get to islands and get off .
Half the time you 're just wandering around talking to weirdos . "
After three months Mr Gardner became bored and left .
Mobile dilemma
And the online social network scene is a crowded one .
" The key to anything online is to get a broader reach of people , " says Jim Clark of market researchers Mintel .
The learning curve required for Second Life prevents many general users from returning regularly .
As more people turn to smart phones , sites need a mobile presence to stay relevant .
" Mobile is the future of any activity online .
This is something that Second Life will struggle to penetrate , " says Mr Clark .
This is because the graphics require more memory than current smart phones can handle .
But Linden Labs is n't worried , because the number of users continues to rise .
" Monthly repeat login - a metric we use to gauge the number of users engaged with Second Life - grew 23 % from September 2008 to September 2009 , " says Mark Kingdon , chief executive of Linden Lab .
In IBM 's Virtual Green Data Center , avatars can seek IT advice
On average , a million people log in each month , he says .
In October 2009 , 75,000 of those were in the UK .
And the site continues to evolve , Mr Kingdon says .
It launched a new product earlier this month geared towards businesses , and will soon be launching more user - friendly and intuitive software .
And many companies and organisations are still holding on to their virtual selves - 1,400 of them says Mr Kingdon .
IBM continues to be an avid supporter of Second Life .
But for many others , the jury is out .
Below is a selection of your comments .
It 's the ultimate sandbox to build whatever you can imagine .
Hospitals & universities are using it , Harvard Law School is one among many who teaches there .
Reuters missed every major story while they had a site in SL .
It 's wonderful for builders , artists , and live performers to start out , but no - one is going to login to it to buy trainers .
Pam , UK I 've just had my third " birthday " in Second Life and fully intend to have many more there .
I attribute my happiness there to four simple rules I follow , three DON'Ts and one DO :
1 ) I do n't run a business - I have enough of that in real life .
Second Life is a hobby and I 'm willing to pay for my hobby .
2 ) I do n't get into relationships - far too dangerous as I 'm a happily married family man .
My Second Life friends are not ' friends with benefits ' .
3 ) I do n't get involved in arguments and fighting - enough of that in real life .
4 ) I do have a reason to go there - like real life , Second Life is not Facebook , which is simply about keeping in touch with people in your network .
I was lost at first , but quickly found new friends and new things to do .
I help run a travelling vaudeville theatre group and write & perform comedy acts - something I 'd never have thought of doing in real life .
In fact my second life is as busy and involved as my first .
Second Life has a healthy and growing population that does n't need hype and counter - hype to continue to grow and enjoy it .
HeadBurro Antfarm , RL is Lancashire , SL is Steelhead Another of SL 's weaknesses is that events happen in real time .
Social networks such as Facebook and MySpace would not work so well if you could only communicate with your friends when you 're both online .
My experience of many events in SL is that I tend to spend more time explaining to people about Second Life , how to use it , how to set up microphones etc , than I do enjoying the event .
Perhaps if a client were available for consoles then interest could be bought back in .
Darren Wall Updates ; that was what killed it for me .
Every time you revisited you were compelled to upload more and more updates , which seemed really cool at first , until you realised that you were inflating the spec .
Eventually , the technological improvements outstripped the natural upgrading budget of the average PC owner - there were a lot of stay - at - home moms , kids and freelancers online when I was there - and the experience became like wading through buggy sludge until it crashed on you .
Not pleasant .
Jon A , Bristol , UK I joined SL but it was absolutely impossible to navigate .
I could barely get out of the intro area and once you did , there was no help or guidance left .
I wandered round and round in circles for a couple of days and then gave up .
It was a great idea but just did n't work in practice .
Shame , really .
Emma , UK
Use media as a measurement of how well an online community is surviving is much like determining the health of your car by the number of pedestrians that look at you drive past .
Secondly , the idea of the Net in Second Life 's form was from William Gibson in the 80s , not Stephenson in the 90s .
Rob Lang , Reading I do n't remember the media falling over themselves to cover Second Life .
The BBC always did though .
I could never work out why , with so many larger , more important online communities out there , the Beeb chose to focus so heavily on one that was relatively small and obscure .
Sarah , Maidstone , England Second Life ( and I 'm not a user but have / had an account ) is just as viable than it was before the hype .
It appeals to people who wish to escape reality - so anyone trying to replicate reality find there was no business case .
Unfortunately this tenancy to seek out and hype the new and quirky ( and equate numbers growth with success ) confuses and distracts people from what is important - and proven - online v what is novel and unproven .
Duane Raymond , London , UK Twitter will go the same way .
Adam , Dundee I spent two years on Second Life .
Were it not for finding good company in the trivia game community , I would never have stayed that long .
Most of the other things I found a bit pointless and superficial .
Rickson Barbosa
Do n't confuse hype with success .
I am sure you are as aware of Gartner 's Hype Cycle as I am : Second Life has been through the over - hype , where it suffered particularly from corporates completely missing the point - they could hardly do anything but fail .
Today , Second Life seems healthily on what Gartner called the Slope of Enlightenment , on the way to the Plateau of Productivity .
Where Second Life really scores today in my view is as a teaching environment , and as a venue for virtual conferences and events which are far more cost - effective and environmentally sound than flying people across the world .
As far as teaching environments are concerned , look at the Frideswide region where the University of Oxford 's WWI Poetry Digital Archive has established a stunning presentation of aspects of their collection in a simulated Western Front .
Richard E , Cambridge UK
I set up a Second Life account and spent a few hours trying to figure out how the whole thing worked - I failed and gave up and have never been back .
As with any technology or service usability is important .
Ed , London Second Life is boring !
You can't do anything without spending money , so for the person casually checking it out , there 's absolutely nothing to attract them .
And despite the comment in the article about " talking to weirdos " , it 's actually quite difficult to find anyone in there to talk to at all .
Vince , Croydon , UK I have been visiting Second Life on and off for three years and it is what you make of it , like anything else .
I do not consider myself to be a weirdo and I am certainly not looking for cheap thrills or an extra-marital affair .
I have SL friends who I regularly chat with and they range from university professors to gardeners and from teachers to artists .
A wide social mix of people visit Second Life , which is certainly the best virtual world without a shadow of a doubt .
As a building tool Second Life is terrific eg : I designed a kitchen extension online that you can walk around as opposed to paying an architect a fortune to draw it for me .
It is not for everybody but to write it off now would be incredibly premature .
RC Robjohn , London
It 's better than any social networking or chat room .
It 's more interactive .
Although there are a lot of rude people on there especially new users / avatars .
I met my wife on there .
However you can grow bored of it and its speed sometimes is slow .
I now go on it once every couple of weeks .
Rob H , Wolves , UK Second Life is STILL huge ... any search on the web will prove that due to the reams of blogs , articles and content generated by the metaverse .
The problem is it faced a lot of negative press , which detracted from the actual user experience .
It 's not all about geeks and perverts - many people use Second life as a way to perform their music in a live environment .
It 's also a great outlet for creators , I know of many people who make living wages from the items they sell in - world .
That said , it 's not all about money , it 's all about user experience .
I 've made lots of new friends and learned new technical skills from my time in world .
People who want to try it should research it first and assess their expectations - sure you can use it as a social networking tool , but you have to build up that network first of all unless you already have friends in world .
Basically , if you go into the metaverse with no clear ambitions then you are going to struggle , but if you want to use Second Life as a creative outlet then you 'll find it a very rewarding one indeed .
Kitty O'Toole ( Lisa Millar ) , Jasper Islands , Second Life ( Chesterfield , UK )
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fluid
Designed by Melbourne - based Peddle Thorpe Architects , Fluid is a whale - inspired pavilion that is sure to be a showstopper at the much - anticipated 2012 World Expo in Yeosu , South Korea .
( Pics )
The floating exhibition space is designed around the concept of adaptability , making the structure useful for many different scenarios .
The interior of the pavilion is open , capable of hosting various types of events during the Expo .
Once its work at the Expo is complete , the structure can simply be unlatched from the site and sail away to other Asian cities .
As a metaphor of change for the emerging city of Yeosu , Fluid will be anchored to a harbor and has the ability to rise and fall with the tides .
Extremely organic in form , Fluid appears as an aquatic animal with it ’s flowing lines and smooth facade .
The architects hope that the awesome structure will encourage collaboration between the Asian and Pacific countries , especially with regards to the preservation of oceans and ecosystems .
Via My Modern Met
Golda Meir sought to prevent handicapped and sick Jews in Poland from immigrating to Israel when she served as foreign minister , according to a letter written in 1958 .
The letter from Meir to Israel ’s ambassador to Poland , Katriel Katz , was discovered recently by Szymon Rudnicki , a University of Warsaw historian , the Israeli daily Ha’aretz reported .
It was marked top secret .
Meir wrote of an Israeli proposal “ to inform the Polish government that we want to institute selection in aliyah , because we cannot continue accepting sick and handicapped people .
Please give your opinion as to whether this can be explained to the Poles without hurting immigration . ”
Some 40,000 Polish Jews immigrated to Israel between 1956 and 1958 following the lifting of restrictions on Jews leaving Poland that were imposed after World War II . — jta
Arguments are under way today in the First District Court of Appeals in Tallahassee , Fla. , in the case of Samantha Burton , who was confined to her bed by a judge earlier this year because she was at risk for a miscarriage .
Burton was in her 25th week of pregnancy in March 2009 when she started showing signs of miscarrying .
Her doctor advised her to go on bed rest , possibly for as long as 15 weeks , but she told him that she had two toddlers to care for and a job to keep .
She planned on getting a second opinion , but the doctor alerted the state , which then asked the Circuit Court of Leon County to step in .
She was ordered to stay in bed at Tallahassee Memorial Hospital and to undergo “ any and all medical treatments ” her doctor , acting in the interests of the fetus , decided were necessary .
Burton asked to switch hospitals and the request was denied by the court , which said “ such a change is not in the child ’s best interest at this time . ”
After three days of hospitalization , she had to undergo an emergency C-section and the fetus was found dead .
Burton ’s pro bono attorney , David H. Abrams , with a lot of help from the American Civil Liberties Union took the case to a higher court , charging that a dangerous precedent had been set .
In a brief filed in the case , A.C.L.U. lawyers argue that the original decision unlawfully expanded the court ’s right “ to order medical treatment for a child over a parent ’s ” objections and applied it to an unborn fetus .
“ To ignore this fundamental constitutional distinction between the state interest in protecting fetal life and its interest in the protecting the lives and health of people is to risk virtually unfettered intrusion into the lives of pregnant women . ”
The lower court based its decision on the fact that medical intervention is justified in “ extraordinary ” circumstances .
The A.C.L.U. responded that the circumstances Burton found herself in were very ordinary .
“ It is hard to imagine anything more commonplace than the inability of a mother of two to remain on continuous bed rest , ” the brief says , “ or the well - documented difficulty in quitting smoking , ” which Burton was also ordered to do .
Where then , to draw the line ?
If a court can confine a pregnant woman to a hospital because she refuses ( or is unable ) to stay in bed and quit smoking , what about the women who does n’t eat healthfully ?
Or who drives above the speed limit ?
Dahlia Ward , state strategist for the A.C.L.U. ’s Reproductive Freedom Project , wrote the following in the Daily Kos a few months ago , when the case was first reported :
1 - ATtiny 2313 programmed with custom twinkle code .
I used a MiniPOV3 to program the ATtiny .
Porting this to another controller , like the Arduino , would be trivial .
1 - 7805 linear voltage regulator
1 - 1N4002 diode to protect from reverse polarity on the power supply ( optional )
1 - 10μF electrolytic capacitor to filter the 5V from the 7805
1 - 10 kΩ pull - up resistor connected to the reset pin in the ATtiny ( did n't actually bother to check if this is actually needed .
Saw no reason not to just stick it in ) .
5 - Bright white LEDs
5 - 330Ω current limiting resistors .
These are a little big for a 5V and bright whites , but the result was still a little too bright , so pick some value you 're happy with .
Lots of wire and beads .
Around the beginning of December , my sister , Kristina , sent me a link to snowflake ornaments with a white LED in them Needless to say , she thought they were pretty cool , and that we should make some .
Needless to say , I thought they were a good idea , but were n't over - engineered enough .
Two hours of hacking source code later , I had an ATtiny 2313 programmed to twinkle 8 LEDs .
The eventual result only used 5 of the channels , due to space limitations .
Parts list :
We split the work of building the hardware into two parts .
Kristina built the snowflakes ( including soldering the LEDs to the wire ! ) , and I build the wiring harness and put together the controller .
Kristina building the snowflakes .
One of the completed snowflakes .
Our beads are n't as fancy as the ones in the original tutorial , but that was mainly because our options were so limited by the fact that we were using twisted pair instead of wire wrap wire .
Most of the nice beads had holes that were too small for us to use .
The control board , fully assembled .
On the left is the power supply , with a reverse protection diode and a filtering capacitor , with power in being the two far left screws on the terminal block .
On the right is the ATtiny connected to the five sets of twisted pair running out to the snowflakes .
I just arbitrarily connected the snowflakes to five of the eight pins on PORTB of the controller , since all eight pins twinkle differently .
One of the snowflakes hanging from our fireplace .
All five snowflakes hanging between our stockings .
Finally , a very dark video of the five of them to give you an idea of what my twinkle algorithm looks like :
Any questions , or ideas on how to improve this , aesthetically or functionally , are certainly welcome in the comments .
Merry Christmas !
We had a situation where my mother had been neglected in a nursing home and the injuries were appalling .
The Orlow Firm comforted us , knew what steps to take and got us the justice we deserved for our mother .
I will be forever grateful to them for their compassion and hard work .
- Very happy with the results !
Untold Arsenal : Supporting the club , the manager and the team " I believe the target of anything in life should be to do it so well that it becomes an art . "
A Wenger
If an iPhone app designed solely to report crappy coverage does n't say it loudly enough , AT&T Mobility CEO Ralph de la Vega admitted today that AT&T sucks in NY and SF , saying they 're " performing at levels below our standards . "
Advertisement
But !
It 's " going to get fixed . "
He promises .
( As AT&T has for over a year . )
Besides , part of it's in your head — AT&T says they have a national dropped call rate of 1.32 percent , which is within two - tenths of one percent below the " highest - scoring provider . "
( Though it 's , um , higher in NY on some phones , according to some people . )
Advertisement
AT&T's Internal Plans To Fix Their Network AT&T was calling me to set up an interview with their CTO , but all I could hear was garbled noise Read more
Disconcertingly , he made reference to AT&T 's favorite stat , that 3 percent of smartphone customers push 40 percent of data , and that they 're looking at incentives — as the WSJ put it — that 'll get those people to cut back , " in a way that 's consistent with net - neutrality and FCC regulations . "
These FCC regulations .
Meaning pay - per - byte data .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But you know what ?
If I could get data 100 percent of the time , sure , I 'll pay more for it , Ralphie . [ WSJ ]
by Robert Anthony Ruzzo length 4:34 Recommends Recommends ( 18 )
Play Memory foam duck
This is a song inspired by a walk around a local pond near our house .
I recorded bass guitar , keyboards and electric guitar with the drum track
Well Jim , looks like you should n't have told her " it 's the cat or me . "
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
" One of the unexpected bonuses is that the sharks and other fish are extremely curious and tend to follow him around the display which makes for some spectacularly close encounters for Santa . "
A Chinese student who said his studies suffered after he discovered internet porn has been awarded $ 1,575 for helping the Government crack down on online sexual content .
The unidentified student from a college in northern Shanxi province reported 32 websites that contained pornography , winning a nationwide contest that encouraged web - surfers to hunt down porn , state media said .
In the first month of the effort nearly 62,000 websites were reported .
" In the past , when I was in middle school , I used to get grades that were good enough to enter a really good university , " the Beijing News quoted the young man as saying .
" It is because of the influence of pornography on the internet that I was only able to go to junior college . "
The winning student 's porn-spotting ability had also won him monetary awards from local internet censors in the cities of Beijing and Tianjin , as well as Hebei and Hainan provinces .
China maintains strict censorship of the internet to curb what the Government deems to be unhealthy content including porn and violence .
Chinese authorities arrested more than 5,000 people in a crackdown on internet pornography in 2009 .
-AFP
Not many know her as Mwanaisha Abdalla but Nyota Ndogo ( Kiswahili for Small Star ) , is a household name in East Africa .
She has been collecting fans of her eclectic East African sound for over 4 years now .
Her blog on the other hand has been running for 3 years .
There is no doubt that the blog has contributed the growth of her online fan base .
Born in 1981 in the Kenyan Coastal province of Mombasa , Nyota Ndogo has come from a very humble background .
She dropped out of school at a young age and for quite some time , worked as a house help until she was discovered by Andrew Burchell as a talented singer .
Now she has 3 cd's released under her name , CHEREKO , NATOKA MBALI NA WEWE and MPENZI .
She has also featured on 3 international compilations WORLD 2003 , THE ROUGH GUIDE TO KENYA and OFF THE BEATEN TRACK .
She is also holder of two Kenya Kisima Music Awards : Best Taraab Singer 2003 and Best Female Singer 2005 .
Her songs which are mostly in Kiswahili with a few in English are sang in the Taarab genre heard mostly in the East African Coast as well as in Kapuka and Genge , music genres heard mainly within the Kenyan mainland .
So how does one with such a background learn to harness the internet to her advantage as a growing Kenyan based Artist ?
This is the question that comes to mind when you visit her blog .
In it , she shares everything about herself as an artist from a personal perspective as opposed to the edited media stories and information that one will find in the entertainment section of a newspaper or magazine .
From music videos of her songs to lyrics to photos of her performing with fellow artists and fans , one can feel a more intimate connection with Nyota Ndogo through her blog .
Blogging has not been an easy experience for her as she confessed in her blog post on 27th July , 2006 at 1.43 pm
wow I ’d nearly given up with the blog as it was proving difficult to get a new post up .it turned out to be me using an incompatible browser .
So am back with good old internet explorer .
If this works expect some pix up soon so much has happend .x
Looking at her current blog posts , one can indeed see that Nyota has known quite well how to use the blogging tool .
This unfortunately cannot be said of many other East African Artists as I could not find any other artist blog .
It seems , one need not be learned to know how to blog , it is after all , a tool .
Comic book artists pay homage to their favorite sci- fi writers and other literary greats on a website with a sleek design and an extremely unwieldy name .
Hey Oscar Wilde ! It 's Clobberin ' Time !!
is run by Steve Gettis , who got the project off the ground in 1998 by firing off 10 letters to illustrators whose work he enjoyed , asking if they might pass along sketches of their literary favorites .
See also : Eye - Popping Blog Remixes Memorable Comic Book Covers
" I 've always had a huge passion for books and comics , and asking artists to interpret a literary character or author they loved seemed to be a pretty interesting fit , " Gettis said in an e-mail interview with Wired.com .
He got an all - star response .
" It was received amazingly well , " said Gettis .
" After getting a few back , including an illustration of Don Quixote by Will Eisner , I set up the website to share them .
Since then , it 's taken on a life of its own . "
Now the site brims with portraits of literary lions and sci-fi influencers like Arthur C. Clarke , Neil Gaiman and Orson Welles ( pictured above ) .
A few years ago , Gettis jettisoned the site 's original name – the dryly scholastic Artistic Interpretation of Literary Figures – in favor of something a bit more kinetic .
Inspiration soon hit him with force .
" I heard my 4 - year - old son using the Fantastic Four 's Thing to beat the snot out of the Irish playwright , yelling ' Hey Oscar Wilde ! It 's Clobberin ' Time ! ' "
Gettis recalled .
" Finding it hilarious , I changed the name .
At first , I thought I would rotate it sporadically to ' Hey Tom Bombadil ! ' or ' Hey Bertie Wooster ! '
But it never happened . "
We asked Gettis to show off a gallery 's worth of his site 's coolest portraits of speculative brainiacs like William Gibson , George Orwell and more , then asked the artists to opine on their heroes .
Above : Orson Welles , by Ethan Van Sciver
" Although Orson Welles wrote very little in terms of print media , his interpretation of so many classic books via radio and film make him a giant in the literary world nonetheless , " said said Van Sciver , who 's worked on Green Lantern and The Flash : Rebirth .
" At least to me !
Any excuse to draw Mr. Welles , frankly , as he 's one of my favorites . "
Alan Moore , by Frazer Irving
" I drew Alan because I 'm a fan of his work and musings , " said Irving , best known for his work on Necronauts .
" I always admire folks who can communicate their everyday thoughts in a colorful and compelling manner .
Plus , he seems to have an excellent sense of humor so I figured he would n't be offended if he ever saw this image .
" As to why he is flowing from the ink bottle , well it started out as a simple portrait .
And then I got the idea to make him a wizard , and then that just turned into a genie , which was enhanced by the ink bottle .
It ties it all in with the printed matter / comic book inking thang . "
Neil Gaiman , by Leigh Gallagher
" It 's actually a well - known fact that Gaiman does all his writing in a graveyard at night , " joked Gallagher , whose work has appeared in DC Comics and 2000 AD .
" However , if this is not true , then I may have been slightly influenced by the fact that my girlfriend had read The Graveyard Book and recommended it to me .
" I love dark , black - and - white imagery , and I immediately had a clear vision in my mind of what I wanted to achieve .
However , I have no explanation whatsoever why I decided to give him a huge bobblehead . "
The Little Prince , by Gene Ha
" I read The Little Prince when I was maybe 6 years old .
It 's a unique book , oddly poetic and surreal , " said Ha , who collaborated with Alan Moore on Top 10 .
" The prince lives on a lonely little planet , no bigger than a house and always under threat of crumbling if he is n't careful , " Ha said .
" Eventually , he decides to leave his world and check out some others .
He does n't use a spaceship – he merely leaps off into the void .
It 's a meditation on different forms of being alone , and then looks at friendship only after it 's examined isolation .
This was heady stuff for someone just learning to read . "
Hunter S. Thompson , by Ben Templesmith
" I did Hunter S. Thompson because he was modern icon , an insane blaze of creativity with a tremendous dark side who saw the world in a different way , " said Templesmith , who worked on Fell and 30 Days of Night .
" He was also basically just bonkers and really cool .
His writings , along with his cohort Ralph Steadman 's art , are artistic influences of mine .
Would n't we all like our ashes to be shot out of a cannon ? "
Arthur C. Clarke , by Jeff Lemire
" 2001 : A Space Odyssey is not only my favorite movie , but one of my favorite novels as well , " said Lemire , who spoke with Wired.com earlier this year about his new graphic novel The Nobody .
Arthur C. Clarke 's classic sci - fi novel " has its own strengths , " Lemire said .
" I become astronaut Dave Bowman when I read it .
Tethered to the Earth , and his humanity , by only the thinnest amount of technology , Clarke paints a picture of unbelievable loneliness , solitude and anticipation .
It is a major influence on my next graphic novel . "
William Gibson , by Julien Alday
" William Gibson is , without a doubt , the writer who has had the deepest impact on me , " said Alday .
" Neuromancer gave me a new way to look at bridging the gaps of geography , languages and cultures with the help of computers and communications .
" Now a few years later , it has become real !
I 'm always seeing parallels between his worlds and my process when I 'm using digital tools to mix painting , collages and photographs .
Though my illustrations may not have an obvious connection to cyberpunk , I feel there is always an echo of William Gibson . "
George Orwell , by Kevin Nowlan
" I chose Orwell because of two books : Keep the Aspidistra Flying and A Clergyman 's Daughter , " said Nowlan .
" They made a big impression on me when I read them in my 20s .
Ironically , Orwell was ashamed of both books and regretted writing them .
Also , Animal Farm and 1984 , two books we all enjoyed reading as English assignments in high school .
His unusual , lean features and that cool haircut made the choice even easier . "
Jorge Luis Borges , by Cameron Stewart
" I first discovered Jorge Luis Borges at age 15 or so when my favorite comics writer ( and now frequent collaborator ) Grant Morrison named him as an influence in the back of an issue of Doom Patrol , " said Stewart , who has worked for DC , Marvel and Dark Horse Comics .
" I picked up a copy of Labyrinths and was immediately fascinated .
He 's been a favorite ever since . "
Slaughterhouse Five 's Billy Pilgrim , by Ken Steacy
" In high school , everyone either read Tolkien or Vonnegut , and I fell squarely into the latter camp , " said Steacy .
" Along with Harlan Ellison and J.G. Ballard , Kurt Vonnegut formed the trinity of authors I devoured back in the day , and still reread constantly .
I 've never had much difficulty visualizing the printed word , but those guys activate my mind 's eye with a ferocity that 's a wonder to behold ! "
Steacy , who worked with Ellison on 1987 graphic novel Night and the Enemy , said picking a literary scene proved challenging .
" The tough part was choosing one writer , and then deciding on which novel , and finally which scene to illustrate , " he said .
" I narrowed the choices down to the gentle Tralfamadorian 's horror at the limited perceptions with which humans must cope with existence .
An absurd image , no question , but still a reminder of how limited our awareness can be ! "
Osamu Tezuka , by Pop Mhan
" I was given a few choices , " said Mhan , who has worked for Tokyopop , Wildstorm , DC , Marvel , Top Cow and Dark Horse .
" But I really honed in on Tezuka because , being a student of sequential illustration , Tezuka has really made a big impact on graphical storytelling , especially in Japan , where he 's dubbed the ' The Godfather of Manga . '
His talent , insight and abilities inspired future generations to achieve the same high standards his legendary body of work set forth . "
See Also :
So Time magazine has named Ben Bernanke Person of the Year .
Be afraid , be very afraid .
The magazine cover curse is a well - known phenomenon : you should always short the stock of a company whose CEO is the subject of a glowing cover story in a major magazine .
Plus there ’s the specific Time effect .
Let ’s not forget the 1985 joint portrait of Madonna and Cyndi Lauper , which concluded that Ms. Lauper was the one who ’d remain a star .
And above all , let ’s not forget this :
During the student 's day demonstrations last week an Iranian student named Majid Tavakoli was arrested by the authorities after giving a rousing pro-democracy speech .
The next day , government newspapers published photographs of him dressed in a full hijab – with chador and headscarves , as typically worn by more devout adherents to the Islamic dress code that is mandatory for women Iran .
There is a dispute about the authenticity of the image ; whether it was photoshopped or whether he was forced to wear women 's clothes by his captors .
Either way the pictures were meant to humiliate Tavakoli , and by extension the green movement .
The publication of such pictures has a specific meaning in the vernacular of Iranian politics , drawn from historic precedence .
In July 1981 , the then disgraced president , Banisadr , was alleged to have escaped from the country dressed as a woman .
Whether true or not , he was certainly photographed on his arrival in Paris minus his signature moustache .
In street slang the image of a man dressed as woman is a slanderous of his sexuality and essential manhood .
In political terms , evoking Banisadr represents a sort of political red card .
The conservative and pro-government press has in recent weeks threatened the leaders of the green movement several times with the same fate as the deposed first president of the state .
Banisadr , once a trusted lieutenant of Ayatollah Khomeini , swept to power in the first elections with a massive popular mandate .
He seriously overestimated his support base by engaging in a power struggle with the Ayatollah and went from being at the heart of the system to pariah status .
The message to messrs Mousavi , Khatami and Karroubi ( the steadfast and so - far united leaders of the green movement ) is clear ; do not confuse popularity with power – it is the system that has bestowed power upon you and in defying it you are close to being beyond the pale .
So , the gentlemen in charge of the propaganda war against the opposition know their history well .
But they are no good at sociology .
Within hours of Tavakoli's photograph being published in the newspapers , hundreds of young Iranian men posted photographs of themselves dressed in headscarves , bed sheets and other forms of improvised hijab .
This has spread online in chat rooms and websites and soon enough to the meetings of the opposition .
The message sent back to the men in charge in Iran is an invitation to wake up and smell the coffee .
The contemporary opponents of the regime are not hampered by the symbolic language of oppression .
They are taking ownership of it as a step towards dismantling the very architecture of the system of oppression .
The green movement is a post - modern , post - ideological civic movement .
It also points to how far the notion of women as a political force has travelled in the 30 years since the revolution .
Women are at the forefront of this movement and its badge of honour – they are not an accessory .
Zahra Rahnavard and Shirin Ebadi are key leaders and spokeswomen of the movement and Neda its most famous martyr .
The green movement is helping to redefine the idea of womanhood in the language of a contemporary Iran .
As a leading Iranian website and chat room exhorts , " Be a man .
Send us your picture as a woman " .
Illustration by W. Vasconcelos
A CERTAIN genre of books about English extols the language 's supposed difficulty and idiosyncrasy .
“ Crazy English ” , by an American folk - linguist , Richard Lederer , asks “ how is it that your nose can run and your feet can smell ? ” .
Bill Bryson 's “ Mother Tongue : English and How It Got That Way ” says that “ English is full of booby traps for the unwary foreigner … Imagine being a foreigner and having to learn that in English one tells a lie but the truth . ”
Such books are usually harmless , if slightly fact - challenged .
You tell “ a ” lie but “ the ” truth in many languages , partly because many lies exist but truth is rather more definite .
It may be natural to think that your own tongue is complex and mysterious .
But English is pretty simple : verbs hardly conjugate ; nouns pluralise easily ( just add “ s ” , mostly ) and there are no genders to remember .
English - speakers appreciate this when they try to learn other languages .
A Spanish verb has six present - tense forms , and six each in the preterite , imperfect , future , conditional , subjunctive and two different past subjunctives , for a total of 48 forms .
German has three genders , seemingly so random that Mark Twain wondered why “ a young lady has no sex , but a turnip has ” .
( Mädchen is neuter , whereas Steckrübe is feminine . )
English spelling may be the most idiosyncratic , although French gives it a run for the money with 13 ways to spell the sound “ o ” : o , ot , ots , os , ocs , au , aux , aud , auds , eau , eaux , ho and ö .
“ Ghoti , ” as wordsmiths have noted , could be pronounced “ fish ” : gh as in “ cough ” , o as in “ women ” and ti as in “ motion ” .
But spelling is ancillary to a language 's real complexity ; English is a relatively simple language , absurdly spelled .
Perhaps the “ hardest ” language studied by many Anglophones is Latin .
In it , all nouns are marked for case , an ending that tells what function the word has in a sentence ( subject , direct object , possessive and so on ) .
There are six cases , and five different patterns for declining verbs into them .
This system , and its many exceptions , made for years of classroom torture for many children .
But it also gives Latin a flexibility of word order .
If the subject is marked as a subject with an ending , it need not come at the beginning of a sentence .
This ability made many scholars of bygone days admire Latin 's majesty — and admire themselves for mastering it .
Knowing Latin ( and Greek , which presents similar problems ) was long the sign of an educated person .
Yet are Latin and Greek truly hard ?
These two genetic cousins of English , in the Indo - European language family , are child 's play compared with some .
Languages tend to get “ harder ” the farther one moves from English and its relatives .
Assessing how languages are tricky for English - speakers gives a guide to how the world 's languages differ overall .
Even before learning a word , the foreigner is struck by how differently languages can sound .
The uvular r's of French and the fricative , glottal ch's of German ( and Scots ) are essential to one 's imagination of these languages and their speakers .
But sound systems get a lot more difficult than that .
Vowels , for example , go far beyond a , e , i , o and u , and sometimes y .
Those represent more than five or six sounds in English ( consider the a's in father , fate and fat . )
And vowels of European languages vary more widely ; think of the umlauted ones of German , or the nasal ones of French , Portuguese and Polish .
Yet much more exotic vowels exist , for example that carry tones : pitch that rises , falls , dips , stays low or high , and so on .
Mandarin , the biggest language in the Chinese family , has four tones , so that what sounds just like “ ma ” in English has four distinct sounds , and meanings .
That is relatively simple compared with other Chinese varieties .
Cantonese has six tones , and Min Chinese dialects seven or eight .
One tone can also affect neighbouring tones ' pronunciation through a series of complex rules .
Consonants are more complex .
Some ( p , t , k , m and n are common ) appear in most languages , but consonants can come in a blizzard of varieties known as egressive ( air coming from the nose or mouth ) , ingressive ( air coming back in the nose and mouth ) , ejective ( air expelled from the mouth while the breath is blocked by the glottis ) , pharyngealised ( the pharynx constricted ) , palatised ( the tongue raised toward the palate ) and more .
And languages with hard - to - pronounce consonants cluster in families .
Languages in East Asia tend to have tonal vowels , those of the north - eastern Caucasus are known for consonantal complexity : Ubykh has 78 consonant sounds .
Austronesian languages , by contrast , may have the simplest sounds of any language family .
Perhaps the most exotic sounds are clicks — technically “ non-pulmonic ” consonants that do not use the airstream from the lungs for their articulation .
The best - known click languages are in southern Africa .
Xhosa , widely spoken in South Africa , is known for its clicks .
The first sound of the language 's name is similar to the click that English - speakers use to urge on a horse .
For sound complexity , one language stands out .
! Xóõ , spoken by just a few thousand , mostly in Botswana , has a blistering array of unusual sounds .
Its vowels include plain , pharyngealised , strident and breathy , and they carry four tones .
It has five basic clicks and 17 accompanying ones .
The leading expert on the ! Xóõ , Tony Traill , developed a lump on his larynx from learning to make their sounds .
Further research showed that adult !
Xóõ- speakers had the same lump ( children had not developed it yet ) .
Beyond sound comes the problem of grammar .
On this score , some European languages are far harder than are , say , Latin or Greek .
Latin 's six cases cower in comparison with Estonian 's 14 , which include inessive , elative , adessive , abessive , and the system is riddled with irregularities and exceptions .
Estonian 's cousins in the Finno - Ugric language group do much the same .
Slavic languages force speakers , when talking about the past , to say whether an action was completed or not .
Linguists call this “ aspect ” , and English has it too , for example in the distinction between “ I go ” and “ I am going . ”
And to say “ go ” requires different Slavic verbs for going by foot , car , plane , boat or other conveyance .
For Russians or Poles , the journey does matter more than the destination .
Beyond Europe things grow more complicated .
Take gender .
Twain 's joke about German gender shows that in most languages it often has little to do with physical sex .
“ Gender ” is related to “ genre ” , and means merely a group of nouns lumped together for grammatical purposes .
Linguists talk instead of “ noun classes ” , which may have to do with shape or size , or whether the noun is animate , but often rules are hard to see .
George Lakoff , a linguist , memorably described a noun class of Dyirbal ( spoken in north - eastern Australia ) as including “ women , fire and dangerous things ” .
To the extent that genders are idiosyncratic , they are hard to learn .
Bora , spoken in Peru , has more than 350 of them .
Agglutinating languages — that pack many bits of meaning into single words — are a source of fascination for those who do not speak them .
Linguists call a single unit of meaning , whether “ tree ” or “ un - ” , a morpheme , and some languages bind them together obligatorily .
The English curiosity “ antidisestablishmentarianism ” has seven morphemes ( “ anti ” , “ dis ” , “ establish ” , “ - ment ” , “ - ari " " - an ” and “ - ism ” ) .
This is unusual in English , whereas it is common in languages such as Turkish .
Turks coin fanciful phrases such as “ Çekoslovakyalilastiramadiklarimizdanmissiniz ? ” , meaning “ Were you one of those people whom we could not make into a Czechoslovakian ? ”
But Ilker Aytürk , a linguist , offers a real - life example : “ Evlerindemisçesine rahattilar ” .
Assuming you have just had guests who made a mess , these two words mean “ They were as carefree as if they were in their own house . ”
Yes we ( but not you ) can
This proliferation of cases , genders and agglutination , however , represents a multiplication of phenomena that are known in European languages .
A truly boggling language is one that requires English speakers to think about things they otherwise ignore entirely .
Take “ we ” .
In Kwaio , spoken in the Solomon Islands , “ we ” has two forms : “ me and you ” and “ me and someone else ( but not you ) ” .
And Kwaio has not just singular and plural , but dual and paucal too .
While English gets by with just “ we ” , Kwaio has “ we two ” , “ we few ” and “ we many ” .
Each of these has two forms , one inclusive ( “ we including you ” ) and one exclusive .
It is not hard to imagine social situations that would be more awkward if you were forced to make this distinction explicit .
Berik , a language of New Guinea , also requires words to encode information that no English speaker considers .
Verbs have endings , often obligatory , that tell what time of day something happened ; telbener means “ [ he ] drinks in the evening ” .
Where verbs take objects , an ending will tell their size : kitobana means “ gives three large objects to a man in the sunlight . ”
Some verb -endings even say where the action of the verb takes place relative to the speaker : gwerantena means “ to place a large object in a low place nearby ” .
Chindali , a Bantu language , has a similar feature .
One cannot say simply that something happened ; the verb ending shows whether it happened just now , earlier today , yesterday or before yesterday .
The future tense works in the same way .
A fierce debate exists in linguistics between those , such as Noam Chomsky , who think that all languages function roughly the same way in the brain and those who do not .
The latter view was propounded by Benjamin Lee Whorf , an American linguist of the early 20th century , who argued that different languages condition or constrain the mind 's habits of thought .
German has three genders .
Mark
Twain wondered why “ a young lady has no sex , but a turnip has ”
Whorfianism has been criticised for years , but it has been making a comeback .
Lera Boroditsky of Stanford University , for example , points to the Kuuk Thaayorre , aboriginals of northern Australia who have no words for “ left ” or “ right ” , using instead absolute directions such as “ north ” and “ south - east ” ( as in “ You have an ant on your south - west leg ” ) .
Ms Boroditsky says that any Kuuk Thaayorre child knows which way is south - east at any given time , whereas a roomful of Stanford professors , if asked to point south - east quickly , do little better than chance .
The standard Kuuk Thayoorre greeting is “ where are you going ? ” , with an answer being something like “ north - north - east , in the middle distance . ”
Not knowing which direction is which , Ms Boroditsky notes , a Westerner could not get past “ hello ” .
Universalists retort that such neo-Whorfians are finding trivial surface features of language : the claim that language truly constricts thinking is still not proven .
With all that in mind , which is the hardest language ?
On balance The Economist would go for Tuyuca , of the eastern Amazon .
It has a sound system with simple consonants and a few nasal vowels , so is not as hard to speak as Ubykh or !
Xóõ .
Like Turkish , it is heavily agglutinating , so that one word , hóab ãsiriga means “ I do not know how to write . ”
Like Kwaio , it has two words for “ we ” , inclusive and exclusive .
The noun classes ( genders ) in Tuyuca 's language family ( including close relatives ) have been estimated at between 50 and 140 .
Some are rare , such as “ bark that does not cling closely to a tree ” , which can be extended to things such as baggy trousers , or wet plywood that has begun to peel apart .
Most fascinating is a feature that would make any journalist tremble .
Tuyuca requires verb -endings on statements to show how the speaker knows something .
Diga ape - wi means that “ the boy played soccer ( I know because I saw him ) ” , while diga ape - hiyi means “ the boy played soccer ( I assume ) ” .
English can provide such information , but for Tuyuca that is an obligatory ending on the verb .
Evidential languages force speakers to think hard about how they learned what they say they know .
Linguists ask precisely how language works in the brain , and examples such as Tuyuca 's evidentiality are their raw material .
More may be found , as only a few hundred of the world 's 6,000 languages have been extensively mapped , and new ways will appear for them to be difficult .
Yet many are spoken by mere hundreds of people .
Fewer than 1,000 people speak Tuyuca .
Ubykh died in 1992 .
Half of today 's languages may be gone in a century .
Linguists are racing to learn what they can before the forces of modernisation and globalisation quieten the strangest tongues .
Using this rent calculator is really as straight forward as it gets .
Enter the amount you ’d typically see on a paycheck i.e. what you get paid after taxes and other deductions , select how often you get paid , choose how many roommates you ’re going to have , and finally at the bottom of that first little brown box hit the ‘ calculate rent ’ button .
If your deductions all pile up on one paycheck than just enter what you ’d typically see in any given month instead .
For best results :
Use this rent calculator multiple times to find a range of what you can afford .
Typical Paycheck Amount : $ Weekly Biweekly Monthly Number of Roommates ?
None One Two Three Four
To live fairly comfortably you could afford $ 0 a month for rent .
Section 8 of the Housing
Act of 1937 offers low - income households up to $ 2,200 in rent vouchers .
Some in college take out the maximum in student loans to live , but since landing a job afterwards is n't a slam - dunk they pay dearly .
Unlike other more Italian long noodle - based dishes it is polite to slurp Ramen .
Now that you know how much can afford on rent let us save you a little money on your Internet plan .
Apartment Checklist Progress : 0 / 18 Bathroom 0 / 16 Furniture Grocery 0 / 32 Kitchen 0 / 20 Misc. 0 / 14 Bedroom
A deceased professional hockey player has been found to have had brain damage associated with repeated head trauma , connecting hockey for the first time to health risks linked to boxers and , most recently , football players .
Reggie Fleming , a defenseman and left wing known for fighting as much as scoring in a long career from 1959 to 1974 , was found by Boston University researchers to have chronic traumatic encephalopathy , a neurodegenerative disease known to cause cognitive decline , behavioral abnormalities and ultimately dementia .
Fleming died in July at age 73 and was the first hockey player known to have been tested for the disease , known as C.T.E .
Fleming ’s having had C.T.E. will stoke further debate in the National Hockey League this season over rules to decrease player concussions .
Eleven former National Football League players have been found to have the same disease , catalyzing questions of football ’s long - term health risks and miring the N.F.L. in three years of controversy over its handling of brain injuries .
“ Boxing we ’ve known for a long time , football we ’ve recently become aware of  now hockey , ” said Dr. Ann McKee , a neuropathologist at Boston University and the Bedford Veterans Administration Medical Center , who similarly diagnosed C.T.E. in several former N.F.L. players .
“ Repetitive head injuries can have very serious long - term consequences , regardless of how you get them . ”
A man believed to be the world 's most prolific bike thief has been sentenced to 30 months imprisonment in Canada – about one day in jail for every three bikes he is alleged to have stolen .
Igor Kenk , a 50 - year - old former police officer from Slovenia , ran a secondhand bike shop in Toronto until his arrest last year , after police recovered 2,865 bikes he had squirrelled away in garages and warehouses throughout the city .
Kenk initially faced 58 charges relating to bike theft and 22 drugs charges , but this week struck a plea deal admitting to 16 charges , 10 for stealing bikes .
He is likely to be released within four months , having spent much of the past 18 months in custody .
" It was the appropriate resolution under the circumstances , " said the prosecutor Ruth Kleinhenz .
It would have been " quite a feat " to prove all the charges against him , she said .
While Kenk was in prison in June Toronto police reported that bike thefts in the city were down 17 % compared with the previous year .
Kenk was arrested in July 2008 when Toronto police planted bicycles on the streets and watched to see who stole them .
As officers hid in wait , Kenk and another man walked past .
Kenk seemed to tell his companion to cut the locks on two bikes , which the man did , before the pair attempted to pedal away .
When police raided Kenk 's shop , the Bicycle Clinic , the space was so packed that the fire service had to remove the upper - floor windows and lower the bikes out by rope .
Police rounded up the stolen bikes and put them on display in a warehouse .
Almost 600 bicycles were returned to their owners .
Mention the term street photography to a group of photographers and inevitably the talk switches to the current debate around the right to take pictures in public , and the continuing friction between the police and photographers which I wrote about last week .
But stepping back a minute , let 's consider who takes pictures in public places , the press and tourists are the obvious ones , yet there 's a growing band of photographers who roam the streets with their camera making pictures , the street photographer .
For many it 's a natural extension of something we all do , people watching , yet for the street photographer it's an activity that 's carried out through the viewfinder of the camera .
The aim is to order the chaos of everyday situations in the frame , to create juxtapositions of objects that delight the eye , make us laugh , stop us in our tracks and make us ask is that for real ?
One of the great street photographers , American Joel Meyerowitz , described the feeling of being on the street as a photographer in the book Bystander : A History of Street Photography that he co-authored with Colin Westerbeck :
" There is something exciting about being in the crowd , in all that chance and change - it 's tough out there - but if you keep paying attention something will reveal itself - just a split second - and then there 's a crazy cockeyed picture . "
The great thing about street photography is that all you have to do is step out of your front door with camera in hand and you are up and running .
Who knows what you might find around the next corner .
Despite potential pictures being all around us those moments described by Joel do n't come along that often , maybe only a few times a year , and it takes a better photographer than me to do them justice .
One of the best is Nick Turpin , who , having worked as a staff photographer at The Independent newspaper in London for seven years left in 1997 to pursue his first love , street photography .
A crazy dream some would say , and even Nick will readily admit that it 's probably the least commercial of all photographic genres and is financed by his work as a design and advertising photographer .
Recently he launched a new magazine , Publication , for street photographers by street photographers , bucking the trend as many magazines slip from the printed page to the world of online , but as he explains there are reasons why he feels the time is right .
Nick told me :
" It is called Publication as everything street photographers do is in a public place .
Ten years ago you had to be in to the genre to even have heard of it , today technology has made a huge difference ; and everyone has a camera in their mobile phone , and that 's partly why the time for this magazine is now .
There is a large community of people interested in this form of photography . "
Intrigued , I ordered a copy and it arrived neatly packaged in a white box .
Publication is in the form of a booklet that contains a series of essays by street photographers talking about their work and for the first issue , where they get their inspiration .
It also contains 22 prints , each one by a different photographer with details of the picture and their biographies on the reverse .
There 's work from well known street photographers such as Matt Stuart , David Solomons and Stephen McLaren alongside relative newcomers , like Jack Simon and Luca De Marchi .
That 's the beauty of the genre , there 's no hierarchy , only a handful of photographers make a living from this type of work , in some ways it 's the perfect photographic genre offering a level playing field .
You just need to open your eyes and really see , peel away the layers to reveal the absurdities of the everyday .
The prints in Publication are an ideal way to mix photographic styles , as although all the featured photographers work on the street their approach varies .
Nick explained :
" It 's about giving people photos they can hold in their hands , an exhibition they can curate themselves .
They can keep the shots they like and put the others back in the box .
One person described it as a gallery exhibition delivered , and I wish I 'd thought of that first . "
The magazine is self produced and self financed , and initially targeted at the street photography community on the internet , but the aim is to open up the genre to a wider audience .
Each issue is a limited edition of 2000 , each numbered individually , and mine turns out to be number 828 .
Just over the magic number apparently , as Nick needed to sell at least 800 to make the next issue a possibility .
So what about the future , will it require revenue from advertising to pay the way ?
Nick says no :
" I want Publication to be something timeless that you can collect and keep , I think advertising would distract from the words and pictures and make it look dated in years to come .
This of course puts the pressure on us because it means we have to completely fund each edition from sales of the last one but the magazine would be better for it . "
As I mentioned at the start of this post photography in the public arena is also in the news at present , with a series of stories about photographers being stopped by police in the UK
Nick told me he was :
" A bit nervous about the press coverage of people being stopped , I felt that while it was n't being discussed then the government would n't make any change to the law .
I feared when it was in public eye they may look at it and maybe make the wrong decision , perhaps bringing in a privacy law like the one in France . "
Nick spends much of his time living in France , near Lyon where he occasionally takes to the streets with his camera .
In France Nick tells me " there is a real belief by the public that you are not allowed to take pictures of them and in the UK there is a similar feeling , it a misunderstanding and a big challenge " .
It 's certainly true to say people are far more aware of the camera and their image now than they ever have been .
A recent report by the Manifesto club which describes itself as campaigning " against the hyper regulation of everyday life " talks about a growing a suspicion of photographers and puts it down to the drip drip effect of negative stories , not just those in recent weeks involving the police .
Indeed if you have a view you might like to take part in a poll on Nick 's website .
But let 's not dwell on these issues , as Nick mentions :
" While there is some moral and political debate to be had around street photography on the whole I think it 's a force for good , one of the few uncensored ways we have of seeing our own society and the decisions we have made within that society . "
Indeed photographers are as likely to appear in someone else 's pictures as anyone and they 're also well aware of the issues .
And there you have it .
Flicking through the 22 prints in Publication I 'm left with the urge to go out and take pictures to add to my own street photos , to improve , to see those moments , and indeed capture them forever through that little hole in the front of my camera .
It 's one of the most accessible forms of photography , at times frustrating , but all you need is a camera and the desire .
If you need further inspiration then take a look at In- public , a site for street photographers founded by Nick nearly 10 years ago .
You can see more of Nick Turpin 's work on his website and blog sevensevennine .
Mrs Thatcher was upset she was unable to help the Shah of Iran Britain despatched an undercover diplomat on a covert mission to the Bahamas to convince the deposed Shah of Iran not to seek to settle in the UK .
The revelation comes in official archive documents made public 30 years after they were written .
The 1979 papers reveal that the British government was very concerned that Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi , then in exile , would seek to live in England .
But Prime Minister Margaret
Thatcher was upset she could not help the Shah .
Mrs
Thatcher told her foreign minister she was " deeply unhappy " not to be able to offer refuge to the Shah whom she said had been a " firm and helpful friend to the UK " .
She somewhat unwillingly accepted the advice of the foreign office that to allow the Shah to settle on his estate in the countryside just outside London would generate security problems and put the staff at the British embassy in Tehran at risk .
Prime Minister James Callaghan and officials had already made the decision not to welcome the Shah before Mrs Thatcher won the 1979 election .
Disguised diplomat
The archives reveal that Mr Callaghan wrote : " He is an immensely controversial figure in Iran and we must consider our future with that country .
He will need to make interim arrangements " .
A retired former ambassador to Iran was chosen to travel to the Bahamas , where the Shah had taken up residence at the Ocean Club to pass on the message .
Sir Denis Wright travelled to Paradise Island and , disguised as an old friend , succeeded in passing on the British government 's message , though the details of the meeting itself are considered too sensitive to be made public .
Several months after the Shah arrived in the US for cancer treatment in late 1979 , students took 63 hostages at the US embassy demanding that he be returned to the country to stand trial .
The Shah never returned to Iran .
He died in exile in Egypt in 1980 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As far as online adult entertainment is concerned , the Red states are also the red light states .
Eight of the top ten consuming states went for McCain in the presidential election ( the two exceptions , Florida and Hawaii went democratic ) .
The biggest consumer of Internet pornography was Utah with 5.47 subscriptions per thousand home broadband users compared to Montana the lowest state with 1.92 subscribers per thousand ( 1 ) .
Study author , Benjamin Edelman of Harvard Business School focused on broadband users because pornography is a bandwidth hog .
Edelman was also careful to rule out the age distribution of the population , income , , population density , rates and other characteristics that might make state comparisons unfair .
Utah still wound up at the top of the heap .
Utah 's top ranking surprises many .
One can think of many adjectives to describe the state : religious , conservative , family - oriented , outdoorsy , clean - living , but few would have guessed top - pornography - consuming .
Many would find it easier to attribute such interests to western neighbor Nevada , a center for gambling and prostitution .
Ironically , Nevada does n't even make it to the top ten .
States that banned gay marriage had 11 percent more porn subscribers .
The level of agreement in a state with the statement that " Even today miracles are performed by the power of God " predicted higher pornography consumption .
States claiming to have old - fashioned values about family and marriage purchased substantially more adult - content subscriptions .
In addition to the conservative states ' avid consumption of Internet pornography , there have been numerous examples of prominent conservative politicians and public figures whose lofty statement of values in sexual matters was cruelly undercut by their own actions : Larry Craig ; Newt Gingrich ; Mark Foley , Jimmy Swaggart ; Bob Livingston , Henry Hyde , Ted Haggard , and Bob Packwood , among scores of less recognizable names .
Many words have been used to explain the apparent contradiction between ideals and practices .
Hypocrisy is the obvious one .
Edelman cites repression , pointing out that if people are told they can't have something they want it more .
Although his findings might appear new and shocking , not much is genuinely new under the sun .
Many decades ago , sociologist Laud Humphreys ( 2,3 ) wondered what kind of men would stop off in a public restroom for a few minutes of oral with other men , on the way home from work .
He jotted down their car license numbers and tricked the local motor vehicles department into divulging the men's addresses .
Without mentioning the true intent of his study , Humphreys interviewed the men in their homes .
Most seemed happily married .
Their homes often had the U.S. flag on the wall and a Bible on the mantelpiece .
Humphreys had the impression that their aura of respectability was overdone .
He referred to this as the " breastplate of righteousness , " or a defense against accusations of sexual deviancy by seeming super normal .
Really cracking down on sexual nonconformity is remarkably tough .
The early Christian monks who were constantly on their guard against sexual thoughts ended up being obsessed with it .
Pachomius of Tabennisi , Egypt , prepared a system of rules to maintain fourth - century monastic chastity that has an almost pornographic specificity in its details explicitly designed to prevent encounters ( 4 ) .
Monks had to be careful to cover their knees when they sat down together .
Never hold hands .
Never lend a book .
Never pull a thorn from another 's foot .
Never help him to oil his body .
Reporting on Iraq , in 2006 , John Hendren of NPR related the problems of some unfortunate people who were subject to the sexual of religious conservatives ( listen ) .
Shepherds outside Baghdad had been killed by Islamic militants for failing to diaper their goats .
This was felt to be too great a sexual temptation for local men .
The militants also slaughtered some grocers because the arrangement of their vegetables was considered too provocative .
Evidently the celery was getting too familiar with the tomatoes contrary to their explicit guidelines for vegetable modesty .
1. Edelman , Benjamin ( 2009 ) .
Red light states :
Who buys online adult entertainment ?
Journal of Economic Perspectives , 23 , 209-220 .
2. Humphreys , Laud ( 1970 ) .
Tearoom trade : Impersonal sex in public places .
Chicago , Aldine .
3. Barber , N , ( 2002 ) .
Encyclopedia of in science and technology .
New York : Facts on File .
4. Barber , N. ( 2004 ) .
Kindness n a cruel world .
Amherst , NY : Prometheus .
Images of the new Google phone surfaced this week after months of rumors .
It appears the phone is manufactured under the Google brand , will use an even newer version of Android than that of the Droid −the only Android phone running 2.0 , and most important , may use VoiP service , which uses a wireless connection to the Internet for calls rather than a cellular network .
This could mean lower cell phone bills , and for some , no bill at all .
VoiP or Voice Over Internet Protocol service , uses an Internet connection to transmit voice signals the same way emails and text messages are transmitted , and is far cheaper than using a cell phone network .
With pressure from budget - conscious consumers , VoiP services like Skype are becoming more attractive , offering free domestic calls , no minutes to count , no roaming , and international calls at a fraction of the cost of cell phone rates , but even Skype has not been convenient enough for consumers to abandon their familiar phone service providers .
Computers have long been the only hardware for VoiP calls , and required the caller to use a headset to both send and receive messages .
Newer computers , including netbooks , with their built - in webcams and microphones , can be used for VoiP calls with a simple software download , eliminating the need for a headset .
Smartphones were the next devices to get VoiP , and like computers require the user to download an app and secure a wireless connection .
The Google phone may be the first smartphone designed specifically for VoiP service , and will come with all of the goodies Google has introduced this year :
The Android operating system in a newer version than what is currently offered on the Droid , on schedule to sell a million units before the end of the year , far ahead of analysts ’ expectations .
Google Voice , Google ’s free multi-phone number and message management application , currently available by invitation only and only in the US .
Google Latitude , the free app that lets friends share their locations with one another .
Google Maps , the free GPS app for mobile phones offering voice guided , turn - by - turn directions that could replace not only the pricier phone apps , but stand - alone GPS systems altogether .
The last piece of the puzzle is WiFi connections or hotspots .
Lucky residents of Seattle , Austin , San Francisco and Atlanta have fairly reliable , complimentary WiFi coverage .
And of course , if you find yourself in Beijing , the city was fully covered prior to the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Corporate sponsored WiFi is growing : Google paid for WiFi in 45 US airports over this holiday season , offering the service free to travelers , and bit by bit companies are seeing WiFi installations as effective branding strategies .
But for now , WiFi hotspots and connections are spotty at best .
Even hands - free calling on the road becomes impossible without a connection , and we can only wait for more auto manufacturers to follow General Motors who began offering the Autonet WiFi router in GM SUVs and trucks in November .
At $ 500 for the device plus $ 59 a month for 5 GB data service , it ’s a pricy and limited solution .
Verizon offers a pocket - sized solution with MiFi , providing a wireless connection for up to five devices virtually anywhere for $ 60 a month with two year contract .
Alternately , Google phone users may be able to purchase just a data plan from a cell phone provider , assuming providers cooperate .
The best solution would be an integrated mobile hotspot in the Google phone , activated only when an external hotspot was not detected .
The Google phone is expected as early as January 2010 .
This article was provided by TopTenREVIEWS .
Slide 1 of 9 ,
Sixteen years ago the Museum of Modern Art granted Gabriel Orozco , a little - known Mexican artist , his first solo show in the United States .
Rejecting the pristine gallery used by MoMA's Project Series for emerging artists , Mr. Orozco chose instead the museum 's nooks and crannies .
What many remember best about that small show was a whimsical piece not even in the museum itself : " Home Run , " an arrangement of fresh oranges in the apartment and office windows across 54th Street .
Courtesy of the artist
This article is from the archive of our partner .
In 1995 , O.J. Simpson was acquitted of the murder of Ronald Goldman and Nicole Simpson .
In 2009 , Tiger Woods got caught cheating on his wife with several blond women .
Do n't see the connection ?
Glenn Beck does .
Here 's what the Fox News anchor and radio host posed as his " Christmas question " for listeners to chew on :
Beck :
Do you believe Tiger Woods may actually be O.J. Simpson ?
Guest :
Is it 12 now , is it a dozen women ?
Beck :
Is this guy turning into O.J. Simpson ?
Guest : I think the thing with O.J. was the murder , was n't it ?
I mean ...
Beck :
Well there was a woman taken to the hospital last night at O.J's , er I mean , I 'm sorry , Tiger 's house .
Guest : Nobody believes it was an assault .
Beck : I 'm not saying it was an assault or anything else , I 'm just . , you know , Tiger , it 's losing control here .
Beck 's musings quickly became the topic of liberal and conservative comment boards .
A slew of commenters called into question Beck 's racial outlook :
Hannity.com :
It 's precisely because the comparison makes absolutely ZERO sense , that we can draw from it that the connection Beck makes is simply based on race .
And when you add to the fact that Beck has never compared white adulterers to OJ Simpson , how are we supposed ot think Beck came to his conclusion ?
Althouse : My , what an interesting question .
Tiger Woods and OJ Simpson .
What do they have in common ?
Not that Glenn Beck is a racist or anything , there must be some other link .
Fire Dog Lake :
Beck probably thinks his remark is humor and not racist ….as if OJ is the only reference he could recall .
Beck is crazy , as we all know .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The 2 Kanyes
" Fake " " News "
Jizzem , Idahomaha - - At first glance , the two babies would appear to have strictly physical differences , because you 'd only be glancing at them .
Â
" That baby has gray hair , " you might say , or " The pale baby is taller than the baby with the chin . " Â
However , one of the babies is clearly funnier than the other .
Â
The problem is it 's different for whomever you might ask .
Recently , the gray - haired baby gave the really tall baby the best toy in the word because he promised he would four years earlier .
Â
Or , like , his soul did or something .
Â Yeah .Â
Four years before he was a baby , the gray - haired baby 's soul promised to give the really tall baby the best toy in the world .
The really tall baby graciously accepted and received the best toy in the world several months ago .
" I regretted it immediately , " said the gray - haired baby .
Â
" But I promised , and a promise is a promise is a Buttafuoco Buttafuoco Lewinsky Lewinsky Lewinsky .
Â
Sorry , what were we talking about ? "
The gray - haired baby demanded he still get a toy to play with , though , so he was given a pity toy by the principal of the nursery , Commander Jane Wickles .
Â
" Well , he was crying so goddamned much , " complained Jane .
Â
" What do you do when that happens ? Â
I 'll tell you what : Â Give the fucking baby a stupid toy to play with . "
Unfortunately , the gray - haired baby did n't play with the toy very well and pretty much broke it .
Â
The nursery immediately panicked and scrambled to save the toy .
Â
" We wanted to keep that toy for a long time , so we had to take it away before he did any permanent damage , " explained Wickles .
Â
" The problem is , the really tall baby was doing fine with the toy he was given .
Â
Sure , he was still trying to figure out how to play with it correctly , but at least he did n't
New FTC Guidelines
Some items on this site may be affiliate items .
Be aware that the author of this blog may receive commissions on some of the products and links appearing in this blog .
The holiday season has arrived , and with the help of the illustrious Periscope Studios , we 're launching a very special project today : The 12 Days of ComicsAlliance Christmas .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2009/12/14/comicsalliance-12-days-of-christmas/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ;
Each day from now until the 25th , we 'll be posting original art from incredible creators like Steve Lieber ( " Whiteout " ) , Jeff Parker ( " Agents of Atlas " ) , and Colleen Coover ( " X - Men : First Class " ) that takes us on a trip through the traditional carol with a twist of comics parody !
Naturally , we 're beginning at the beginning , with the 1st day of Christmas : a partridge in a pear tree , as interpreted by artist Ben Bates .
Ben points out that not only is Scrooge McDuck based on the infamous holiday miser from " A Christmas Carol , " but he first appeared in a holiday comic called " Christmas on Bear Mountain , " where he invites Huey , Dewey , and Louie to his mansion and then sets wild bears loose on them .
Really , that 's almost true .
Keep an eye out for Ben on Dark Horse Presents , where his work will appear in a paranormal comic called " S.H.O.O.T .
First , " and come back tomorrow for Day 2 , and turtledoves like you 've never seen them before .
( click to embiggen )
On the first day of Christmas , my true love gave to me ... a " partridge " in a pear tree .
[ / caption ]
The booster rocket used in the Ares I - X test flight was found to be badly dented when divers located it in the Atlantic Ocean .
The damage could have occurred as the booster hit the water .
UPDATE ( 7:30 pm CDT ) : Bill Harwood from CBS news is reporting that according to NASA officials , one of the three 150 - foot - wide parachutes designed to gently lower NASA ’s Ares I - X first stage booster to the Atlantic Ocean deflated after deployment , resulting in a harder splashdown than expected .
All three main chutes deployed , but while two inflated fully , the third collapsed .
“ A source said the deflated parachute contacted one of the others as it whipped about in the wind , causing a partial deflation .
That could not be immediately confirmed , although a splashdown in that condition might explain the buckling seen in the lower segment of the rocket ’s case , ” Harwood wrote .
( end of update ) .
Spaceflightnow.com reported that engineers have said shuttle boosters can be damaged depending on the impact angle and how rough the ocean is .
But it ’s not yet known whether such a “ slap down ” or some other issue might have caused the damage noted in the Ares I - X booster .
Parachute deploy was one of the major test objectives for the flight .
The 327 - foot - tall I - X rocket was equipped with a four - segment shuttle booster , a fifth segment loaded with avionics gear , a dummy upper stage and Orion crew module mockup .
The booster is being towed back to Kennedy Space Center , and should arrive late Thursday , where engineers will be able to look more closely at the damage .
Additionally , NASA is saying there was more damage to the launchpad following the Ares I - X launch than what is customarily seen after a shuttle launch .
Leaks of toxic propellant at launch pad 39B forced NASA to evacuate the pad .
Two separate leaks occurred at the 95 - foot - level where the pad ’s fixed service structure and gantry - like rotating service structure meet .
Meanwhile , on the shuttle side of the program , after a Flight Readiness Review , mission managers for the STS - 129 mission have cleared space shuttle Atlantis to launch on Nov. 16 at 2:28 p.m. EST .
The target date depends on the planned Nov. 14 launch of an Atlas V rocket from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
The Atlas has reserved the Eastern Range on Nov. 14 and 15 .
If the Atlas launch is delayed to Nov. 15 , the shuttle ’s liftoff will move to no earlier than 2:02 p.m. on Nov. 17 .
The STS - 129 mission will focus on storing spare hardware on the exterior of the space station .
The flight will include three spacewalks and install two platforms on the station ’s truss , or backbone .
The platforms will hold spare parts to sustain station operations after the shuttle fleet is retired .
Also , the mission will bring up communications equipment for the SpaceX Dragon capsule and future commercial cargo missions to the ISS .
Sources : Spaceflightnow.com , NASA
Is there a reason to be alarmed by the prospect of global warming ?
Consider that the measurement used , the globally averaged temperature anomaly ( GATA ) , is always changing .
Sometimes it goes up , sometimes down , and occasionally — such as for the last dozen years or so — it does little that can be discerned .
Claims that climate change is accelerating are bizarre .
There is general support for the assertion that GATA has increased about 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit since the middle of the ...
Inventor spends Christmas with his perfect woman - a £ 30,000 custom - made fembot
Inventor Le Trung spent Christmas
Day with the most important woman in his life - his robot Aiko .
The science genius enjoyed a festive dinner with his mum , dad and his £ 30,000 fembot which he designed and built by hand .
Le , 34 , from Brampton , Ontario , Canada , even bought gifts for his dream girl , who is so lifelike she speaks fluent English and Japanese , helped cook the turkey and hang up decorations .
' Aiko is like any woman , she enjoys getting new clothes , ' he said .
' I loved buying them for her too . '
I , Robot : Le Trung celebrates Christmas with his robot Aiko , who is so lifelike she speaks fluent English and Japanese
Le , who built his first robot when he was four , has dedicated his life to creating the perfect humanoid and his success so far with Aiko has won him worldwide attention .
Aiko , whose name is Japanese for ' love - child ' has an amazing artificial intelligence and can speak 13,000 different sentences in two languages
' Aiko can recognise faces and says hello to anyone she has met , ' he said .
' She helps me pick what to have for dinner and knows what drinks I like . '
After Christmas dinner and opening her presents , Aiko joined in the festive tradition of quizzes and board games with the family .
But Le still has one thing on his Christmas wish list for Aiko - mastering the problem of how to make her walk .
He said : ' It is the most difficult thing for any inventor to do .
' The problem is finding a way for Aiko to walk that looks human - like without impacting on any of her other abilities .
' I have spent the last six months taking her apart and trying out lots of different systems , but I have n't been able to get it right yet .
' I 'm working on some new software at the moment .
It will be my New Year 's resolution to do this for Aiko . '
Love machine : Trung is so serious about Aiko he bought her Christmas presents
Le has built up huge debts working on his fembot and is still trying to find a technology company to sponsor his research .
But in the meantime he has had to move back in with his parents and they will all be spending the festive period and New Year together .
' My family found it a bit odd at first , but now they all love Aiko , ' said Le .
' My mum and dad chat away to her .
It helps by talking to her , as it improves her vocabulary . '
Le suffered a heart attack two years ago caused by stress after working long hours on Aiko .
As he recovered he vowed to complete her so he could market the prototype as a home - help for the elderly or people recovering from hospital treatment .
Le has made his fembot as womanly as possible , in order to make a human - like companion .
Aiko , whose age is ' in her early 20's ' , is 5ft tall and has a perfect 32 , 23 , 33 figure .
She has real silicone skin and a real - hair wig made by a Japanese doll company .
Her touch sensitive body knows the difference between being stroked gently or tickled .
' Like a real female she will react to being touched in certain ways , 'said Le .
' If you grab or squeeze too hard she will try to slap you .
She has all senses except for smell .
Dear Colleagues :
In this , Commentary # 11 , I have a discussion with Gary Steiner , Professor of Philosophy and Chair of the Philosophy Department at Bucknell University .
Gary recently had an editorial in the New York Times about veganism and we talk about the reactions that he got to his editorial , including the criticisms from welfarists , many of whom praise slaughterhouse designer Temple Grandin and other supporters of speciesist exploitation .
We also discuss how welfarists refuse to engage abolitionists in debate because they have nothing to say in response to the argument that welfare reform merely increases the production efficiency of animal exploitation .
Gary L. Francione
©2009 Gary L. Francione
I can has sing .
via | buy on eBay
Xmas with R2D2
via | buy on eBay
Feliz Navidad
via | buy on eBay
Christmas on Death Row ?
via | buy on eBay
Wishing your a merry redneck Christmas
via | buy on eBay
Gisele
via | buy on eBay
The Mom and Dads
via | buy on eBay
A Romantic Christmas
via | buy on eBay
Every darn year .
via | buy on eBay
Ho ho ho !
via | buy on eBay
A singer Christmas for the family
via | buy on eBay
William Hung -
Hung for the holidays
via | buy on eBay
Jim Nabor's Christmas
via | buy on eBay
Hey , you !
via | buy on eBay
All I Want For Christmas Is My Two Front Teeth
via | buy on eBay
Merry Xmas , Korla Pandit
via | buy on eBay
Christmas ... at the devil 's house ?
via | buy on eBay
18 Scary Seasonal Songs
via | buy on eBay
Let 's have a Polka Party tonight
via | buy on eBay
Daddy , Santa scares me !
via | buy on eBay
Christmas in Zitherland anyone ?
via | buy on eBay
Merry Christmas with Raymond Lefevre
via | buy on eBay
Neighbors later said they were just normal people
via | buy on eBay
Bigger is better
via | buy on eBay
Finger lickin ' good .
via | buy on eBay
Bette Midler 's Cool Yule
via | buy on eBay
Happy Holidee , Lenny Dee !
via | buy on eBay
A blue Santa
via | buy on eBay
Silent Butt Deadly Night .
Instant classic .
via | buy on eBay
I got the feeling someone 's staring at me
via | buy on eBay
Rusty Diamond Vol. 4
via | buy on eBay
German christmas
via | buy on eBay
D.I.S.C.O .
via | buy on eBay
Ringo Starr wants to be Santa Claus
via | buy on eBay
Stand and Doug rip apart a doll for christmas
via | buy on eBay
Charo 's giant single
via | buy on eBay
Rock on with the Rhodes Kids !
via | buy on eBay
As a matter of fact the artist WAS fired immediately
via | buy on eBay
Is dandruff ruining your life too ?
via | buy on eBay
Captain & Jenille rock the boat
via | buy on eBay
Next Misc. : Yes
“ I like how it gives you contextual examples of how the words work and what other words are similar to it . …
All of the information at the start of the book , like how to conjugate verbs , was a nice surprise and a huge Read more about review stating Great way to learn vocabbonus as well .
감사합니다 . TTMIK ! ”
Eklat im Niedersächsischen Landtag aufgrund eines Twitter - Beitrages : Die Generaldebatte zum Landeshaushalt 2010 im Landtag in Hannover musste am Montag nach Tumulten im Plenum für rund 45 Minuten unterbrochen werden .
Für Wirbel hatte zuvor ein Twitter - Beitrag des grünen Abgeordneten Helge Limburg gesorgt .
Aus einer Debatte zum Bleiberecht für Flüchtlinge hatte Limburg Landes - Innenminister Uwe Schünemann ( CDU ) auf der Online - Plattform für Kurznachrichten als " unerträglichen Hetzer " und " unverschämten Rechtsausleger " bezeichnet .
Als FDP - Fraktionschef Christian Dürr dies im Plenum während der Haushaltdebatte öffentlich machte , kam es zu Tumulten .
CDU - Fraktionschef David McAllister las kurze Zeit später die kompletten Twitter - Kurzmeldungen Limburgs vor , in denen er Schünemann auch mit dem Chef der österreichischen Rechtspartei FPÖ , Heinz - Christian Strache , und dem niederländischen Rechtspopulisten Geert Wilders verglich .
McAllister forderte die Grünen - Fraktion zu einer Distanzierung von diesen Äußerungen auf .
Als die Parlamentarische Geschäftsführerin der Landtagsgrünen , Ursula Helmhold , eine Entschuldigung ablehnte und den Vorwurf Limburgs verteidigte , eskalierte der Streit .
Zahlreiche Abgeordnete aller Fraktionen sprangen erbost von ihren Stühlen auf und lieferten sich hitzige Wortgefechte .
Landtagspräsident Hermann Dinkla kam schließlich der Aufforderung von Ministerpräsident Christian Wulff ( CDU ) nach , die Landtagssitzung zu unterbrechen .
" Auch die Landesregierung muss sich fragen , ob sie an dieser Sitzung teilnehmen kann , wenn man so mit der Landesregierung umgeht " , sagte Wulff .
Nach etwa 45 Minuten wurde die Debatte zum Haushalt fortgesetzt , nachdem sich Limburg zuvor entschuldigt hatte .
" Die Kritik in der Sache halte ich aufrecht , die Wortwahl ausdrücklich nicht " , sagte er .
Bereits im November war im Landtag eine Debatte eskaliert .
Im Rahmen einer Diskussion über ein erneutes NPD - Verbotsverfahren hatte es wüste Beschimpfungen gegeben .
Landtagspräsident Dinkla hatte damals mehrere Ordnungsrufe erteilt , unter anderem an den ehemaligen niedersächsischen Innenminister Heiner Bartling ( SPD ) , der " Pack " und " übles Volk " in Richtung der CDU - Fraktion gerufen hatte .
( pmz )
In my Power and Sexuality class , I sometimes assign articles from a book called Whores and Other Feminists .
All of the essays are written by current and former sex workers who identify as feminist .
It ’s pretty fascinating .
Some of the phone sex operators talk about what they do while having “ phone sex , ” like chores and booking airline tickets and whathaveyou .
It really demystifies the industry .
As do the photographs by Phillip Toledano , sent in by Phillip B .
Time to make noise !
They allowed a cap to go through to get a lower CBO score , but how do we know what we 'll get instead ?
Let your congress critter know they do n't have their priorities straight .
If you get cancer , you should n't have to lose your house to pay for it .
WASHINGTON — A loophole in the Senate health care bill would let insurers place annual dollar limits on medical care for people struggling with costly illnesses such as cancer , prompting a rebuke from patient advocates .
The legislation that originally passed the Senate health committee last summer would have banned such limits , but a tweak to that provision weakened it in the bill now moving toward a Senate vote .
As currently written , the Senate Democratic health care bill would permit insurance companies to place annual limits on the dollar value of medical care , as long as those limits are not " unreasonable . "
The bill does not define what level of limits would be allowable , delegating that task to administration officials .
Adding to the puzzle , the new language was quietly tucked away in a clause in the bill still captioned " No lifetime or annual limits . "
As Marcy points out , this is another cute deal :
Michigan Senate Passes Anti-Smoking Bill
Michigan is posed to become the 38th state that will ban smoking in public spaces after the state senate voted 24 - 13 ending a long battle between anti-smoking enthusiasts and a group of bar and restaurant owners .
The ban will take effect on May 1 , 2010 and will cover bars , restaurants and other workplaces .
The gaming floors of Detroit ’s three casinos are exempted so it would still be a fair competition to the Indian tribal casinos that are also not part of the ban .
The bars and restaurants of those casinos are covered by the ban .
The state House has concurred with the state senate with the vote 75 - 30 .
The new law should have been enacted last year but the bill , which back then did not include any exemptions for casinos , did not pass the floor .
Casino owners argued that since Indian run casinos are exempted , customers would flock those areas and they would lose revenue .
Hence , the gaming floor exemption was introduced to the bill this year .
The bill is now for signing with Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm .
She is expected to sign it .
NEVADA CITY , CA – A driver thought he had hit and killed a coyote , only to find it alive and stuck in his car grill eight hours later !
Brother and sister Daniel and Tevyn East took a long road trip from Boulder to move into an artists community in California .
On the Utah - Nevada border , Daniel noticed some coyotes running alongside the road .
Suddenly , one darted out and the car hit it .
“ It was a big thud , ” Tevyn said .
“ We were trying to figure out what we should do , stop and look for it or — Daniel assumed we had done some real damage and it was instantly killed . ”
The two decided to to keep driving .
After about eight hours , they finally pulled into North San Juan , to find fur coming out of the front of the car .
Tevyn explained , “ I was trying to keep some distance .
Our assumption was it was part of the coyote — it did n’t register it was the whole animal . ”
As Daniel tried to remove it , it flinched !
Take a look at what they found :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsABwU6XdVc]
The coyote had only two minor scrapes .
The plans were to return it to the wild in Utah , however , it managed to bend part of its cage back and escape !
Related
Tags
" The alleged right to freedom from discrimination is , on close examination , merely a means to allow the use of force to prevent people from using all available information in their judgments of others . "
One of the most effective ways to destroy a concept is through the process of conceptual inflation : First , expand the ambit of the concept to include contradictory elements .
Then resolve the contradictions you have created through insistence that none of the elements is absolute and each element must be weighed off against the others .
Finally , systematically and incrementally work to favor the bogus elements of the concept until the original meaning is totally lost .
This is what has been happening to the concept of " human rights " under the regime of antidiscrimination laws .
By asserting a right to be free from discrimination , various government commissions and associated lobby groups have — for a long while — gradually undermined private property rights , which underlie our freedom to trade and our freedom of association .
By doing so , these groups now claim extensive power to ride roughshod over private decisions .
Their abuses of the term " human rights " are well known , and so usually this process is done without people taking much notice .
But every now and then it breaks into the public eye when the arbiters of our " rights " stretch the concept beyond all recognition .
This process of the conceptual inflation of human rights was demonstrated in a recent antidiscrimination case .
A tour guide from Melbourne , Australia , attempted to create a small travel business operating women - only tours .
Ms. Erin Maitland created the business to cater to the niche market of women looking for a " girls - only " holiday involving activities such as cooking , shopping , personal care , and crafts .
She reportedly obtained the idea from her discussions with female friends after hearing of their aversion to mixed - sex holiday tours filled with sexual conquests and partying . [ 1 ]
As a legal requirement to operate her business venture , Ms. Maitland applied to the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal for an exemption to antidiscrimination laws that prevent the offering or advertising of such a service .
[ 2 ]
Her case was an important one for the hawks of the antidiscrimination profession , in that it tested the legal effect of the Victorian Government 's recently adopted Charter of Human Rights and Responsibilities and provided an important precedent for the application of antidiscrimination laws in that state .
No doubt eager to strengthen their legal turf and establish a strong precedent in support of their powers , the Victorian Equal Opportunity and Human Rights Commission appeared at the hearing to argue — with a straight face — that Ms. Maitland 's humble tour business would violate the human rights of men .
In what became a comical demonstration of the process of conceptual inflation , the commission pulled out all the stops to ensure that oppressed men everywhere could breathe a sigh of relief at the protection provided by their benevolent overlords .
As part of their case , the commission contended that Ms. Maitland should be required to convince the tribunal of a " demonstrable need " for female - only services , based on safety , security , or other compelling considerations .
However , they were also adamant that the desire of actual female customers to use the service would not suffice — that accommodating a " mere preference " by a section of the female community would be insufficient reason for an exemption .
[ 3 ]
The commissioner , Dr. Helen Szoke , explained her opposition to the business proposal :
What needs to be understood is that exceptions and exemptions under [ the applicable antidiscrimination laws ] exist to try to promote equality .
So where it 's felt that groups who are disadvantaged or marginalised , that need a special measure to help them achieve equality , that 's when the equality should take place .
This whole issue is not about targeting this particular application .
It 's really saying : " let 's not misuse the exemptions just to build a business or develop a market share , or a niche market . " [ 4 ]
In attempting to meet the requirement to demonstrate a " need " for her services , Ms. Maitland put forward several potential reasons why women might be attracted to a female - only holiday service .
She contended that a no - men - allowed policy would put the women on her tours at ease , and provide a holidaying opportunity for women who , for religious or cultural reasons , would not feel comfortable traveling in the company of men .
To the chagrin of some feminists , [ 5 ] she also argued that the no-males policy would provide reassurance to any male partners of the female travelers , and make them more supportive of the women 's holiday plans .
While these are all plausible ideas , Ms. Maitland could be right or she could be wrong .
In a free society , she would be free to pursue her proposed business and test her entrepreneurial talents .
Her ideas would be tested on the market , and she would bear the risk that she had misjudged the wants of her potential customers .
If she misjudged the situation , then her female - only policy would drive away potential customers , putting her at a competitive disadvantage .
Rather than being at the mercy of a government tribunal , she would be at the mercy of the decisions of thousands of potential customers , who , as Ludwig von Mises has stressed , are the real bosses in a free - market economy , and the ones who ultimately determine what goods and services are produced .
[ 6 ]
Any men who took offence to her female - only policy would be free to seek travel services elsewhere , [ 7 ] start up their own travel companies in competition , or even condemn her policy and peacefully lobby for it to be changed .
Unfortunately , rather than having her judgment tested on the market by the many potential customers who actually stand to benefit from her services , antidiscrimination laws and associated " human rights " legislation required Ms. Maitland to justify her proposal to only one woman , Judge Marilyn Harbison , the government functionary who heard her application .
In what became fodder for the ridicule of media commentators , [ 8 ] Judge Harbison accepted the commission 's claim that Ms. Maitland 's policy would violate the human rights of men .
She ruled that the policy would breach the right to " equal recognition before the law " under the Charter of Human Rights and Responsibilities , a provision that entitles people to " equal and effective protection against discrimination . " [ 9 ]
In explaining her reasoning , the judge soberly explained that Ms. Maitland 's humble , female - only tours could not be " demonstrably justified in a free and democratic society based on human dignity , equality , and freedom . " [ 10 ]
" Similar tribunals in other Australian states and around the world hear thousands more of these cases every year , and their judgments routinely violate rights of free trade and free association . "
Of course , the alleged " right " accruing to men in this case consists of the entitlement to have Ms. Maitland offer them a service that she does not wish to offer them .
It is the right to force her to organize holiday tours that include men , whether she wants to or not .
This compulsory imposition is what is done in the name of " freedom " and " human dignity " by government agencies that refer to themselves in lofty terms as " human rights " organizations .
These bogus " human rights " are not just the products of a misunderstanding of the nature of rights ; they are actually a means for subverting genuine rights .
The alleged right to freedom from discrimination is , on close examination , merely a means to allow the use of force to prevent people from using all available information in their judgments of others .
It is a " right " that compels them to act against their own wishes , and in many cases , compels them to act irrationally .
In fact , its purpose is to undermine the very concept of " human rights " through conceptual inflation , with the ultimate goal of annihilating freedom of association and imposing egalitarian outcomes on all human social processes .
As Ayn Rand has explained ,
A collectivist tyranny dare not enslave a country by an outright confiscation of its values . …
It has to be done by a process of internal corruption .
Just as in the material realm the plundering of a country 's wealth is accomplished by inflating the currency — so today one may witness the process of inflation being applied to the realm of rights .
The process entails such a growth of newly promulgated " rights " that people do not notice the fact that the meaning of the concept is being reversed .
Just as bad money drives out good money , so these " printing - press rights " negate authentic rights . [ 11 ]
To see exactly how this conceptual inflation undermines the concept of rights , observe that the alleged human rights of men in this case have been used to drive out Ms. Maitland 's actual rights .
She has not been entitled to use her property as she sees fit , or to trade and associate freely with others in her business activities .
Instead she is forced to cater to anyone that her political masters deem worthy of her services , whether it is her desire to serve them or not .
Such an assertion of human rights is obviously ridiculous .
But it is a predictable consequence of the conceptual inflation that comes with the widespread acceptance of the antidiscrimination paradigm .
Once people accept that they are entitled by right to freedom from discrimination , there is no end to the level of interference with genuine rights that they must tolerate .
The sole point about this case that makes it remarkable is that it obtained coverage from the media and was put into the public eye .
But for each case that is reported by the press , there are many more that go unnoticed in antidiscrimination tribunals all over the world .
In this year alone , the Victorian Tribunal has heard 26 cases that were either antidiscrimination lawsuits or applications for exemptions from antidiscrimination laws .
In each case , the defendants and exemption applicants were forced to go to the expense and stress of court proceedings merely to defend their property rights — often unsuccessfully .
Similar tribunals in other Australian states and around the world hear thousands more of these cases every year , and their judgments routinely violate rights of free trade and free association .
It is highly doubtful that men will feel much " dignity " at having been used by government agencies as a pretext to micromanage the business decisions of a budding female entrepreneur .
In generations gone by , the " human dignity " of a man was expressed , in part , through his own chivalry toward females — through such friendly gestures as holding the door open for a woman , or offering her his coat on a cold day .
Now , under the influence of the antidiscrimination paradigm and " human rights " law , men are being told that their human dignity requires the enslavement of a woman who does not wish to provide them with a holiday tour .
How very dignified !
Title
List Library
Author
Status
This SRFI is currently in final status .
Here is an explanation of each status that a SRFI can hold .
To provide input on this SRFI , please send email to srfi-1 @nospamsrfi.schemers.org .
To subscribe to the list , follow these instructions .
You can access previous messages via the mailing list archive .
Received : 1998-11-08
Draft : 1998-12-22--1999-03-09
Revised : several times
Final : 1999 -10-09
Revised to fix errata : 2016 -08 - 27 ( Clarify Booleans . ) 2018 -10-08 ( Remove extra parenthesis . )
2019 -10 -25 ( Fix broken links . )
2020-06-02
( Add note about order of arguments to lset= . )
Table of contents
R5RS Scheme has an impoverished set of list - processing utilities , which is a problem for authors of portable code .
This SRFI proposes a coherent and comprehensive set of list - processing procedures ; it is accompanied by a reference implementation of the spec .
The reference implementation is
portable
efficient
completely open , public - domain source
The set of basic list and pair operations provided by R4RS / R5RS Scheme is far from satisfactory .
Because this set is so small and basic , most implementations provide additional utilities , such as a list - filtering function , or a " left fold " operator , and so forth .
But , of course , this introduces incompatibilities -- different Scheme implementations provide different sets of procedures .
I have designed a full - featured library of procedures for list processing .
While putting this library together , I checked as many Schemes as I could get my hands on .
( I have a fair amount of experience with several of these already . )
I missed Chez -- no on - line manual that I can find -- but I hit most of the other big , full - featured Schemes .
The complete list of list - processing systems I checked is :
R4RS / R5RS Scheme , MIT Scheme , Gambit , RScheme , MzScheme , slib , Scheme , MIT Scheme , Gambit , RScheme , MzScheme , slib , Common Lisp , Bigloo , guile , T , APL and the SML standard basis
As a result , the library I am proposing is fairly rich .
Following this initial design phase , this library went through several months of discussion on the SRFI mailing lists , and was altered in light of the ideas and suggestions put forth during this discussion .
In parallel with designing this API , I have also written a reference implementation .
I have placed this source on the Net with an unencumbered , " open " copyright .
A few notes about the reference implementation :
Although I got procedure names and specs from many Schemes , I wrote this code myself .
Thus , there are no entanglements .
Any Scheme implementor can pick this library up with no worries about copyright problems -- both commercial and non-commercial systems .
The code is written for portability and should be trivial to port to any Scheme .
It has only four deviations from R4RS , clearly discussed in the comments :
Use of an error procedure ;
Use of the R5RS values and a simple receive macro for producing and consuming multiple return values ;
Use of simple : optional and let - optionals macros for optional argument parsing and defaulting ;
Use of a simple check - arg procedure for argument checking .
, clearly discussed in the comments :
It is written for clarity and well - commented .
The current source is 768 lines of source code and 826 lines of comments and white space .
It is written for efficiency .
Fast paths are provided for common cases .
Side - effecting procedures such as filter !
avoid unnecessary , redundant set-cdr !
s which would thrash a generational GC 's write barrier and the store buffers of fast processors .
Functions reuse longest common tails from input parameters to construct their results where possible .
Constant - space iterations are used in preference to recursions ; local recursions are used in preference to consing temporary intermediate data structures .
This is not to say that the implementation can't be tuned up for a specific Scheme implementation .
There are notes in comments addressing ways implementors can tune the reference implementation for performance .
In short , I 've written the reference implementation to make it as painless as possible for an implementor -- or a regular programmer -- to adopt this library and get good results with it .
Here is a short list of the procedures provided by the list - lib package .
R5RS procedures are shown in bold ; extended R5RS procedures , in bold italic .
Four R4RS / R5RS list - processing procedures are extended by this library in backwards - compatible ways :
map for - each ( Extended to take lists of unequal length ) member assoc ( Extended to take an optional comparison procedure . )
The following R4RS / R5RS list - and pair - processing procedures are also part of list - lib 's exports , as defined by the R5RS :
cons pair ?
null ?
car cdr ... cdddar cddddr set -car !
set -cdr !
list append reverse length list - ref memq memv assq assv
The remaining two R4RS / R5RS list - processing procedures are not part of this library :
list - tail ( renamed drop ) list ?
( see proper - list ? , circular - list ? and dotted - list ? )
A set of general criteria guided the design of this library .
I do n't require " destructive " ( what I call " linear update " ) procedures to alter and recycle cons cells from the argument lists .
They are allowed to , but not required to .
( And the reference implementations I have written do recycle the argument lists . )
List - filtering procedures such as filter or delete do not disorder lists .
Elements appear in the answer list in the same order as they appear in the argument list .
This constrains implementation , but seems like a desirable feature , since in many uses of lists , order matters .
( In particular , disordering an alist is definitely a bad idea . )
Contrariwise , although the reference implementations of the list - filtering procedures share longest common tails between argument and answer lists , it not is part of the spec .
Because lists are an inherently sequential data structure ( unlike , say , vectors ) , list - inspection functions such as find , find - tail , for - each , any and every commit to a left - to - right traversal order of their argument list .
However , constructor functions , such as list - tabulate and the mapping procedures ( append - map , append - map ! , map ! , pair - for - each , filter - map , map - in - order ) , do not specify the dynamic order in which their procedural argument is applied to its various values .
Predicates return useful true values wherever possible .
Thus any must return the true value produced by its predicate , and every returns the final true value produced by applying its predicate argument to the last element of its argument list .
Functionality is provided both in pure and linear - update ( potentially destructive ) forms wherever this makes sense .
No special status accorded Scheme 's built - in equality functions .
Any functionality provided in terms of eq ? , eqv? , equal ?
is also available using a client - provided equality function .
Proper design counts for more than backwards compatibility , but I have tried , ceteris paribus , to be as backwards - compatible as possible with existing list - processing libraries , in order to facilitate porting old code to run as a client of the procedures in this library .
Name choices and semantics are , for the most part , in agreement with existing practice in many current Scheme systems .
I have indicated some incompatibilities in the following text .
These procedures are not " sequence generic " -- i.e. , procedures that operate on either vectors and lists .
They are list - specific .
I prefer to keep the library simple and focussed .
I have named these procedures without a qualifying initial " list - " lexeme , which is in keeping with the existing set of list - processing utilities in Scheme .
I follow the general Scheme convention ( vector - length , string - ref ) of placing the type - name before the action when naming procedures -- so we have list - copy and pair - for - each rather than the perhaps more fluid , but less consistent , copy - list or for - each - pair .
I have generally followed a regular and consistent naming scheme , composing procedure names from a set of basic lexemes .
Many procedures in this library have " pure " and " linear update " variants .
A " pure " procedure has no side - effects , and in particular does not alter its arguments in any way .
A " linear update " procedure is allowed -- but not required -- to side - effect its arguments in order to construct its result .
" Linear update " procedures are typically given names ending with an exclamation point .
So , for example , ( append ! list1 list2 ) is allowed to construct its result by simply using set - cdr !
to set the cdr of the last pair of list 1 to point to list 2 , and then returning list 1 ( unless list 1 is the empty list , in which case it would simply return list 2 ) .
However , append ! may also elect to perform a pure append operation -- this is a legal definition of append ! :
( define append ! append )
This is why we do not call these procedures " destructive " -- because they are n't required to be destructive .
They are potentially destructive .
What this means is that you may only apply linear - update procedures to values that you know are " dead " -- values that will never be used again in your program .
This must be so , since you can't rely on the value passed to a linear - update procedure after that procedure has been called .
It might be unchanged ; it might be altered .
The " linear " in " linear update " does n't mean " linear time " or " linear space " or any sort of multiple - of - n kind of meaning .
It 's a fancy term that type theorists and pure functional programmers use to describe systems where you are only allowed to have exactly one reference to each variable .
This provides a guarantee that the value bound to a variable is bound to no other variable .
So when you use a variable in a variable reference , you " use it up . "
Knowing that no one else has a pointer to that value means the a system primitive is free to side - effect its arguments to produce what is , observationally , a pure - functional result .
In the context of this library , " linear update " means you , the programmer , know there are no other live references to the value passed to the procedure -- after passing the value to one of these procedures , the value of the old pointer is indeterminate .
Basically , you are licensing the Scheme implementation to alter the data structure if it feels like it -- you have declared you do n't care either way .
You get no help from Scheme in checking that the values you claim are " linear " really are .
So you better get it right .
Or play it safe and use the non -!
procedures -- it does n't do any good to compute quickly if you get the wrong answer .
Why go to all this trouble to define the notion of " linear update " and use it in a procedure spec , instead of the more common notion of a " destructive " operation ?
First , note that destructive list - processing procedures are almost always used in a linear - update fashion .
This is in part required by the special case of operating upon the empty list , which can't be side - effected .
This means that destructive operators are not pure side - effects -- they have to return a result .
Second , note that code written using linear - update operators can be trivially ported to a pure , functional subset of Scheme by simply providing pure implementations of the linear - update operators .
Finally , requiring destructive side - effects ruins opportunities to parallelise these operations -- and the places where one has taken the trouble to spell out destructive operations are usually exactly the code one would want a parallelising compiler to parallelise : the efficiency - critical kernels of the algorithm .
Linear - update operations are easily parallelised .
Going with a linear - update spec does n't close off these valuable alternative implementation techniques .
This list library is intended as a set of low - level , basic operators , so we do n't want to exclude these possible implementations .
The linear - update procedures in this library are
take !
drop -right !
split - at ! append !
concatenate !
reverse !
append - reverse ! append - map ! map ! filter !
partition !
remove !
take - while !
span ! break !
delete !
alist - delete !
delete - duplicates !
lset -adjoin !
lset-union !
lset - intersection !
lset - difference !
lset -xor !
lset -diff +intersection !
Scheme does not properly have a list type , just as C does not have a string type .
Rather , Scheme has a binary - tuple type , from which one can build binary trees .
There is an interpretation of Scheme values that allows one to treat these trees as lists .
Further complications ensue from the fact that Scheme allows side - effects to these tuples , raising the possibility of lists of unbounded length , and trees of unbounded depth ( that is , circular data structures ) .
However , there is a simple view of the world of Scheme values that considers every value to be a list of some sort .
that is , every value is either
a " proper list " -- a finite , nil - terminated list , such as :
( a b c )
()
( 32 )
a " dotted list " -- a finite , non-nil terminated list , such as :
( a b c . d)
( x . y )
42
george
or a " circular list " -- an infinite , unterminated list .
Note that the zero - length dotted lists are simply all the non-null , non-pair values .
This view is captured by the predicates proper - list ? , dotted - list ? , and circular - list ? .
List - lib users should note that dotted lists are not commonly used , and are considered by many Scheme programmers to be an ugly artifact of Scheme 's lack of a true list type .
However , dotted lists do play a noticeable role in the syntax of Scheme , in the " rest " parameters used by n-ary lambdas : ( lambda ( x y . rest ) ... ) .
Dotted lists are not fully supported by list - lib .
Most procedures are defined only on proper lists -- that is , finite , nil - terminated lists .
The procedures that will also handle circular or dotted lists are specifically marked .
While this design decision restricts the domain of possible arguments one can pass to these procedures , it has the benefit of allowing the procedures to catch the error cases where programmers inadvertently pass scalar values to a list procedure by accident , e.g. , by switching the arguments to a procedure call .
Note that statements of the form " it is an error " merely mean " do n't do that . "
They are not a guarantee that a conforming implementation will " catch " such improper use by , for example , raising some kind of exception .
Regrettably , R5RS
Scheme requires no firmer guarantee even for basic operators such as car and cdr , so there 's little point in requiring these procedures to do more .
Here is the relevant section of the R5RS :
When speaking of an error situation , this report uses the phrase " an error is signalled " to indicate that implementations must detect and report the error .
If such wording does not appear in the discussion of an error , then implementations are not required to detect or report the error , though they are encouraged to do so .
An error situation that implementations are not required to detect is usually referred to simply as " an error . "
For example , it is an error for a procedure to be passed an argument that the procedure is not explicitly specified to handle , even though such domain errors are seldom mentioned in this report .
Implementations may extend a procedure 's domain of definition to include such arguments .
The following items are not in this library :
Sort routines
Destructuring / pattern - matching macro
Tree - processing routines
They should have their own SRFI specs .
In a Scheme system that has a module or package system , these procedures should be contained in a module named " list - lib " .
The templates given below obey the following conventions for procedure formals :
list A proper ( finite , nil - terminated ) list clist A proper or circular list flist A finite ( proper or dotted ) list pair A pair x , y , d , a Any value object , value Any value n , i A natural number ( an integer >= 0 ) proc A procedure pred A procedure whose return value is treated as a boolean =
A boolean procedure taking two arguments
It is an error to pass a circular or dotted list to a procedure not defined to accept such an argument .
cons a d -> pair [ R5RS ]
The primitive constructor .
Returns a newly allocated pair whose car is a and whose cdr is d .
The pair is guaranteed to be different ( in the sense of eqv? ) from every existing object .
( cons 'a '( ) ) => ( a ) ( cons ' ( a ) ' ( b c d ) ) => ( ( a ) b c d ) ( cons " a " ' ( b c ) ) => ( " a " b c ) ( cons 'a 3 ) => ( a . 3 ) ( cons ' ( a b ) ' c ) => ( ( a b ) . c ) list object ... -> list [ R5RS ]
Returns a newly allocated list of its arguments .
( list 'a (+ 3 4 ) ' c ) => ( a 7 c ) ( list ) => ( ) xcons d a -> pair ( lambda ( d a ) ( cons a d ) )
Of utility only as a value to be conveniently passed to higher - order procedures .
( xcons '( b c ) ' a ) => ( a b c )
The name stands for " eXchanged CONS . " cons* elt 1 elt 2 ... -> object Like list , but the last argument provides the tail of the constructed list , returning ( cons elt 1 ( cons elt 2 ( cons ... elt n ) ) )
This function is called list * in Common Lisp and about half of the Schemes that provide it , and cons * in the other half .
( cons * 1 2 3 4 ) => ( 1 2 3 . 4 ) ( cons * 1 ) => 1 make - list n [ fill ] -> list Returns an n - element list , whose elements are all the value fill .
If the fill argument is not given , the elements of the list may be arbitrary values .
( make - list 4 ' c ) => ( c c c c ) list - tabulate n init - proc -> list Returns an n - element list .
Element i of the list , where 0 <= i < n , is produced by ( init - proc i ) .
No guarantee is made about the dynamic order in which init - proc is applied to these indices .
( list - tabulate 4 values ) => ( 0 1 2 3 ) list - copy flist -> flist Copies the spine of the argument .
circular - list elt 1 elt 2 ... -> list Constructs a circular list of the elements .
( circular - list 'z ' q ) => ( z q z q z q ... ) iota count [ start step ] -> list Returns a list containing the elements ( start start + step ... start +( count - 1 ) * step )
The start and step parameters default to 0 and 1 , respectively .
This procedure takes its name from the APL primitive .
( iota 5 ) => ( 0 1 2 3 4 ) ( iota 5 0 - 0.1 ) => ( 0 - 0.1 - 0.2 - 0.3 - 0.4 )
Note : the predicates proper - list ? , circular - list ? , and dotted - list ? partition the entire universe of Scheme values .
proper -list ? x -> boolean
Returns true iff x is a proper list -- a finite , nil - terminated list .
More carefully :
The empty list is a proper list .
A pair whose cdr is a proper list is also a proper list : < proper- list > ::= () ( Empty proper list ) | ( cons < x > < proper- list > ) ( Proper - list pair )
Note that this definition rules out circular lists .
This function is required to detect this case and return false .
Nil - terminated lists are called " proper " lists by R5RS and Common Lisp .
The opposite of proper is improper .
R5RS binds this function to the variable list ? . ( not ( proper- list ? x ) ) = ( or ( dotted - list ? x ) ( circular - list ? x ) ) circular - list ? x -> boolean
True if x is a circular list .
A circular list is a value such that for every n >= 0 , cdr n ( x ) is a pair .
Terminology :
The opposite of circular is finite .
( not ( circular - list ? x ) ) = ( or ( proper- list ? x ) ( dotted - list ? x ) ) dotted - list ? x -> boolean
True if x is a finite , non -nil - terminated list .
That is , there exists an n >= 0 such that cdr n ( x ) is neither a pair nor ( ) .
This includes non-pair , non -( ) values ( e.g. symbols , numbers ) , which are considered to be dotted lists of length 0 . ( not ( dotted - list ? x ) ) = ( or ( proper- list ? x ) ( circular - list ? x ) ) pair ?
object -> boolean [ R5RS ]
Returns #t if object is a pair ; otherwise , # f. ( pair ? '( a . b ) ) => #t ( pair ? '( a b c ) ) => #t ( pair ? '( ) ) => #f ( pair ? '# ( a b ) ) => #f ( pair ?
7 ) => #f ( pair ? ' a ) => #f null ?
object -> boolean [ R5RS ]
Returns #t if object is the empty list ; otherwise , # f. null - list ?
list -> boolean
List is a proper or circular list .
This procedure returns true if the argument is the empty list ( ) , and false otherwise .
It is an error to pass this procedure a value which is not a proper or circular list .
This procedure is recommended as the termination condition for list - processing procedures that are not defined on dotted lists .
not - pair ? x -> boolean ( lambda ( x ) ( not ( pair ? x ) ) )
Provided as a procedure as it can be useful as the termination condition for list - processing procedures that wish to handle all finite lists , both proper and dotted .
list= elt= list 1 ... -> boolean Determines list equality , given an element - equality procedure .
Proper list A equals proper list B if they are of the same length , and their corresponding elements are equal , as determined by elt= .
If the element - comparison procedure 's first argument is from list i , then its second argument is from list i+1 , i.e. it is always called as ( elt= a b ) for a an element of list A , and b an element of list B .
In the n - ary case , every list i is compared to list i+1 ( as opposed , for example , to comparing list 1 to every list i , for i > 1 ) .
If there are no list arguments at all , list= simply returns true .
It is an error to apply list= to anything except proper lists .
While implementations may choose to extend it to circular lists , note that it cannot reasonably be extended to dotted lists , as it provides no way to specify an equality procedure for comparing the list terminators .
Note that the dynamic order in which the elt= procedure is applied to pairs of elements is not specified .
For example , if list= is applied to three lists , A , B , and C , it may first completely compare A to B , then compare B to C , or it may compare the first elements of A and B , then the first elements of B and C , then the second elements of A and B , and so forth .
The equality procedure must be consistent with eq ? .
That is , it must be the case that ( eq ? x y ) => ( elt= x y ) .
Note that this implies that two lists which are eq ?
are always list= , as well ; implementations may exploit this fact to " short - cut " the element - by - element comparisons .
( list= eq ? ) =>
#t ; Trivial cases ( list= eq ? '( a ) ) => #t
car pair -> value cdr pair -> value [ R5RS ]
These functions return the contents of the car and cdr field of their argument , respectively .
Note that it is an error to apply them to the empty list .
( car '( a b c ) ) => a ( cdr '( a b c ) ) => ( b c ) ( car '( ( a ) b c d ) ) => ( a ) ( cdr '( ( a ) b c d ) ) => ( b c d ) ( car ' ( 1 . 2 ) ) => 1 ( cdr ' ( 1 . 2 ) ) => 2 ( car '( ) ) => * error* ( cdr '( ) ) => * error * caar pair -> value cadr pair -> value : cddadr pair -> value cdddar pair -> value cddddr pair -> value [ R5RS ]
These procedures are compositions of car and cdr , where for example caddr could be defined by ( define caddr ( lambda ( x ) ( car ( cdr ( cdr x ) ) ) ) ) .
Arbitrary compositions , up to four deep , are provided .
There are twenty - eight of these procedures in all .
list - ref clist i -> value [ R5RS ]
Returns the i th element of clist .
( This is the same as the car of ( drop clist i ) .)
It is an error if i >= n , where n is the length of clist .
( list - ref '( a b c d ) 2 ) => c first pair -> object second pair -> object third pair -> object fourth pair -> object fifth pair -> object sixth pair -> object seventh pair -> object eighth pair -> object ninth pair -> object tenth pair -> object Synonyms for car , cadr , caddr , ... ( third '( a b c d e ) ) => c car+cdr pair -> [ x y ]
The fundamental pair deconstructor : ( lambda ( p ) ( values ( car p ) ( cdr p ) ) )
This can , of course , be implemented more efficiently by a compiler .
take x i -> list drop x i -> object take returns the first i elements of list x .
drop returns all but the first i elements of list x .
( take '( a b c d e ) 2 ) => ( a b ) ( drop '( a b c d e ) 2 ) => ( c d e ) x may be any value -- a proper , circular , or dotted list : ( take ' ( 1 2 3 . d) 2 ) => ( 1 2 ) ( drop ' ( 1 2 3 . d) 2 ) => ( 3 . d ) ( take ' ( 1 2 3 . d) 3 ) => ( 1 2 3 ) ( drop ' ( 1 2 3 . d)
3 ) => d
For a legal i , take and drop partition the list in a manner which can be inverted with append : ( append ( take x i ) ( drop x i ) ) = x drop is exactly equivalent to performing i cdr operations on x ; the returned value shares a common tail with x .
If the argument is a list of non -zero length , take is guaranteed to return a freshly - allocated list , even in the case where the entire list is taken , e.g. ( take lis ( length lis ) ) .
take - right flist i -> object drop - right flist i -> list take - right returns the last i elements of flist .
drop - right returns all but the last i elements of flist .
( take - right ' ( a b c d e ) 2 ) => ( d e ) ( drop - right ' ( a b c d e ) 2 ) => ( a b c )
The returned list may share a common tail with the argument list .
flist may be any finite list , either proper or dotted : ( take - right ' ( 1 2 3 . d) 2 ) => ( 2 3 . d ) ( drop - right ' ( 1 2 3 . d)
2 ) => ( 1 ) ( take - right ' ( 1 2 3 . d)
0 ) => d ( drop - right ' ( 1 2 3 . d) 0 ) => ( 1 2 3 ) For a legal i , take - right and drop - right partition the list in a manner which can be inverted with append : ( append ( take flist i ) ( drop flist i ) ) = flist take - right 's return value is guaranteed to share a common tail with flist .
If the argument is a list of non -zero length , drop - right is guaranteed to return a freshly - allocated list , even in the case where nothing is dropped , e.g. ( drop - right lis 0 ) . take ! x i -> list drop - right !
flist i -> list take !
and drop - right ! are " linear - update " variants of take and drop - right : the procedure is allowed , but not required , to alter the argument list to produce the result .
If x is circular , take !
may return a shorter - than - expected list : ( take ! ( circular - list 1 3 5 ) 8 ) => ( 1 3 ) ( take ! ( circular - list 1 3 5 ) 8 ) => ( 1 3 5 1 3 5 1 3 ) split - at x i -> [ list object ] split - at ! x i -> [ list object ] split - at splits the list x at index i , returning a list of the first i elements , and the remaining tail .
It is equivalent to ( values ( take x i ) ( drop x i ) ) split - at ! is the linear - update variant .
It is allowed , but not required , to alter the argument list to produce the result .
( split - at '( a b c d e f g h ) 3 ) => ( a b c ) ( d e f g h ) last pair -> object last - pair pair -> pair last returns the last element of the non-empty , finite list pair .
last - pair returns the last pair in the non-empty , finite list pair .
( last '( a b c ) ) => c ( last - pair '( a b c ) ) => ( c )
length list -> integer length + clist -> integer or #f Both length and length + return the length of the argument .
It is an error to pass a value to length which is not a proper list ( finite and nil - terminated ) .
In particular , this means an implementation may diverge or signal an error when length is applied to a circular list .
length + , on the other hand , returns #F when applied to a circular list .
The length of a proper list is a non-negative integer n such that cdr applied n times to the list produces the empty list .
append list 1 ... -> list append !
list 1 ... -> list [ R5RS ] append returns a list consisting of the elements of list 1 followed by the elements of the other list parameters .
( append '( x ) '( y ) ) => ( x y ) ( append ' ( a ) ' ( b c d ) ) => ( a b c d ) ( append '( a ( b ) ) '( ( c ) ) ) => ( a ( b ) ( c ) )
The resulting list is always newly allocated , except that it shares structure with the final list i argument .
This last argument may be any value at all ; an improper list results if it is not a proper list .
All other arguments must be proper lists .
( append ' ( a b ) '( c . d ) ) => ( a b c . d ) ( append '( ) ' a ) => a ( append '( x y ) ) => ( x y ) ( append ) => ( ) append ! is the " linear - update " variant of append -- it is allowed , but not required , to alter cons cells in the argument lists to construct the result list .
The last argument is never altered ; the result list shares structure with this parameter .
concatenate list - of - lists -> value concatenate !
list - of - lists -> value
These functions append the elements of their argument together .
That is , concatenate returns ( apply append list - of - lists ) or , equivalently , ( reduce - right append '( ) list - of - lists ) concatenate !
is the linear - update variant , defined in terms of append !
instead of append .
Note that some Scheme implementations do not support passing more than a certain number ( e.g. , 64 ) of arguments to an n-ary procedure .
In these implementations , the ( apply append ... ) idiom would fail when applied to long lists , but concatenate would continue to function properly .
As with append and append ! , the last element of the input list may be any value at all .
reverse list -> list reverse !
list -> list [ R5RS ] reverse returns a newly allocated list consisting of the elements of list in reverse order .
( reverse '( a b c ) ) => ( c b a ) ( reverse '( a ( b c ) d ( e ( f ) ) ) ) => ( (e ( f ) ) d ( b c ) a ) reverse ! is the linear - update variant of reverse .
It is permitted , but not required , to alter the argument 's cons cells to produce the reversed list .
append - reverse rev-head tail -> list append - reverse !
rev-head tail -> list append - reverse returns ( append ( reverse rev-head ) tail ) .
It is provided because it is a common operation -- a common list - processing style calls for this exact operation to transfer values accumulated in reverse order onto the front of another list , and because the implementation is significantly more efficient than the simple composition it replaces .
( But note that this pattern of iterative computation followed by a reverse can frequently be rewritten as a recursion , dispensing with the reverse and append - reverse steps , and shifting temporary , intermediate storage from the heap to the stack , which is typically a win for reasons of cache locality and eager storage reclamation . ) append - reverse ! is just the linear - update variant -- it is allowed , but not required , to alter rev-head 's cons cells to construct the result .
zip clist 1 clist 2 ... -> list ( lambda lists ( apply map list lists ) )
If zip is passed n lists , it returns a list as long as the shortest of these lists , each element of which is an n - element list comprised of the corresponding elements from the parameter lists .
( zip '( one two three ) ' ( 1 2 3 ) '( odd even odd even odd even odd even ) ) => ( ( one 1 odd ) ( two 2 even ) ( three 3 odd ) ) ( zip ' ( 1 2 3 ) ) => ( ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) )
At least one of the argument lists must be finite : ( zip ' ( 3 1 4 1 ) ( circular - list #f # t ) ) => ( ( 3 # f ) ( 1 # t ) ( 4 # f ) ( 1 # t ) ) unzip1 list -> list unzip2 list -> [ list list ] unzip3 list -> [ list list list ] unzip4 list -> [ list list list list ] unzip5 list -> [ list list list list list ] unzip1 takes a list of lists , where every list must contain at least one element , and returns a list containing the initial element of each such list .
That is , it returns ( map car lists ) .
unzip2 takes a list of lists , where every list must contain at least two elements , and returns two values : a list of the first elements , and a list of the second elements .
unzip3 does the same for the first three elements of the lists , and so forth .
( unzip2 '( ( 1 one ) ( 2 two ) ( 3 three ) ) ) => ( 1 2 3 ) ( one two three ) count pred clist 1 clist 2 -> integer pred is a procedure taking as many arguments as there are lists and returning a single value .
It is applied element - wise to the elements of the list s , and a count is tallied of the number of elements that produce a true value .
This count is returned .
count is " iterative " in that it is guaranteed to apply pred to the list elements in a left - to - right order .
The counting stops when the shortest list expires .
( count even ? '( 3 1 4 1 5 9 2 5 6 ) ) => 3 ( count < ' ( 1 2 4 8 ) '( 2 4 6 8 10 12 14 16 ) ) => 3
At least one of the argument lists must be finite : ( count < ' ( 3 1 4 1 ) ( circular - list 1 10 ) ) => 2
fold kons knil clist 1 clist 2 ... -> value
The fundamental list iterator .
First , consider the single list - parameter case .
If clist 1 = ( e 1 e 2 ... e n ) , then this procedure returns ( kons e n ... ( kons e 2 ( kons e 1 knil ) ) ... )
That is , it obeys the ( tail ) recursion ( fold kons knil lis ) = ( fold kons ( kons ( car lis ) knil ) ( cdr lis ) ) ( fold kons knil '( ) ) = knil Examples : ( fold + 0 lis ) ; Add up the elements of LIS .
( fold cons '( ) lis ) ; Reverse LIS . ( fold cons tail rev-head ) ; See APPEND -REVERSE . ;;
How many symbols in LIS ?
( fold ( lambda ( x count ) ( if ( symbol ? x ) (+ count 1 ) count ) ) 0 lis ) ;;
Length of the longest string in LIS : ( fold ( lambda ( s max - len ) ( max max - len ( string - length s ) ) ) 0 lis )
If n list arguments are provided , then the kons function must take n +1 parameters : one element from each list , and the " seed " or fold state , which is initially knil .
The fold operation terminates when the shortest list runs out of values : ( fold cons * '( ) '( a b c ) ' ( 1 2 3 4 5 ) ) => ( c 3 b 2 a 1 ) At least one of the list arguments must be finite .
fold - right kons knil clist 1 clist 2 ... -> value
The fundamental list recursion operator .
First , consider the single list - parameter case .
If clist 1 = ( e 1 e 2 ... e n ) , then this procedure returns ( kons e 1 ( kons e 2 ... ( kons e n knil ) ) )
That is , it obeys the recursion ( fold - right kons knil lis ) = ( kons ( car lis ) ( fold - right kons knil ( cdr lis ) ) ) ( fold - right kons knil '( ) ) = knil Examples : ( fold - right cons '( ) lis ) ; Copy LIS . ;;
Filter the even numbers out of LIS .
( fold - right ( lambda ( x l ) ( if ( even ? x ) ( cons x l ) l ) ) '( ) lis ) )
If n list arguments are provided , then the kons function must take n +1 parameters : one element from each list , and the " seed " or fold state , which is initially knil .
The fold operation terminates when the shortest list runs out of values : ( fold - right cons * '( ) '( a b c ) ' ( 1 2 3 4 5 ) ) => ( a 1 b 2 c 3 ) At least one of the list arguments must be finite .
pair - fold kons knil clist 1 clist 2 ... -> value Analogous to fold , but kons is applied to successive sublists of the lists , rather than successive elements -- that is , kons is applied to the pairs making up the lists , giving this ( tail ) recursion : ( pair - fold kons knil lis ) = ( let ( ( tail ( cdr lis ) ) ) ( pair - fold kons ( kons lis knil ) tail ) ) ( pair - fold kons knil '( ) ) = knil
For finite lists , the kons function may reliably apply set -cdr ! to the pairs it is given without altering the sequence of execution .
Example : ;;; Destructively reverse a list .
( pair - fold ( lambda ( pair tail ) ( set-cdr ! pair tail ) pair ) '( ) lis )
At least one of the list arguments must be finite .
pair - fold - right kons knil clist 1 clist 2 ... -> value
Holds the same relationship with fold - right that pair - fold holds with fold .
Obeys the recursion ( pair - fold - right kons knil lis ) = ( kons lis ( pair - fold - right kons knil ( cdr lis ) ) ) ( pair - fold - right kons knil '( ) ) = knil Example : ( pair - fold - right cons '( ) '( a b c ) ) => ( ( a b c ) ( b c ) ( c ) )
At least one of the list arguments must be finite .
reduce f ridentity list -> value reduce is a variant of fold .
ridentity should be a " right identity " of the procedure f -- that is , for any value x acceptable to f , ( f x ridentity ) = x reduce has the following definition :
If list = ( ) , return ridentity ;
Otherwise , return ( fold f ( car list ) ( cdr list ) ) . ... in other words , we compute ( fold f ridentity list ) .
Note that ridentity is used only in the empty - list case .
You typically use reduce when applying f is expensive and you 'd like to avoid the extra application incurred when fold applies f to the head of list and the identity value , redundantly producing the same value passed in to f .
For example , if f involves searching a file directory or performing a database query , this can be significant .
In general , however , fold is useful in many contexts where reduce is not ( consider the examples given in the fold definition -- only one of the five folds uses a function with a right identity .
The other four may not be performed with reduce ) .
Note : MIT Scheme and Haskell flip F's arg order for their reduce and fold functions . ;;
Take the max of a list of non-negative integers .
( reduce max 0 nums ) ; i.e. , ( apply max 0 nums ) reduce - right f ridentity list -> value reduce - right is the fold - right variant of reduce .
It obeys the following definition : ( reduce - right f ridentity '( ) ) = ridentity ( reduce - right f ridentity '( e 1 ) ) = ( f e 1 ridentity ) = e 1 ( reduce - right f ridentity '( e 1 e 2 ... ) ) = ( f e 1 ( reduce f ridentity ( e 2 ... ) ) ) ... in other words , we compute ( fold - right f ridentity list ) . ;;
Append a bunch of lists together .
;; I.e. , ( apply append list - of - lists ) ( reduce - right append '() list - of - lists ) unfold p f g seed [ tail - gen ] -> list unfold is best described by its basic recursion : ( unfold p f g seed ) = ( if ( p seed ) ( tail - gen seed ) ( cons ( f seed ) ( unfold p f g ( g seed ) ) ) ) p Determines when to stop unfolding .
f
Maps each seed value to the corresponding list element .
g Maps each seed value to next seed value .
seed
The " state " value for the unfold .
tail - gen Creates the tail of the list ; defaults to ( lambda ( x ) '( ) )
In other words , we use g to generate a sequence of seed values seed , g ( seed ) , g2 ( seed ) , g3 ( seed ) , ...
These seed values are mapped to list elements by f , producing the elements of the result list in a left - to - right order .
P says when to stop .
unfold is the fundamental recursive list constructor , just as fold - right is the fundamental recursive list consumer .
While unfold may seem a bit abstract to novice functional programmers , it can be used in a number of ways : ;;
List of squares : 1^2 ... 10^2 ( unfold ( lambda ( x ) (> x 10 ) ) ( lambda ( x ) (* x x ) ) ( lambda ( x ) (+ x 1 ) ) 1 ) ( unfold null - list ? car cdr lis ) ;
Copy a proper list .
;;
Read current input port into a list of values .
( unfold eof - object ?
values ( lambda ( x ) ( read ) ) ( read ) ) ;;
Copy a possibly non-proper list : ( unfold not - pair ? car cdr lis values ) ;;
Append HEAD onto TAIL : ( unfold null - list ? car cdr head ( lambda ( x ) tail ) )
Interested functional programmers may enjoy noting that fold - right and unfold are in some sense inverses .
That is , given operations knull ? , kar , kdr , kons , and knil satisfying ( kons ( kar x ) ( kdr x ) ) = x and ( knull ?
knil ) = #t then ( fold - right kons knil ( unfold knull ? kar kdr x ) ) = x and ( unfold knull ?
kar kdr ( fold - right kons knil x ) ) = x .
This combinator sometimes is called an " anamorphism ; " when an explicit tail - gen procedure is supplied , it is called an " apomorphism . " unfold - right p f g seed [ tail ] -> list unfold - right constructs a list with the following loop : ( let lp ( ( seed seed ) ( lis tail ) ) ( if ( p seed ) lis ( lp ( g seed ) ( cons ( f seed ) lis ) ) ) ) p Determines when to stop unfolding .
f
Maps each seed value to the corresponding list element .
g Maps each seed value to next seed value .
seed
The " state " value for the unfold .
tail list terminator ; defaults to '( ) .
In other words , we use g to generate a sequence of seed values seed , g ( seed ) , g2 ( seed ) , g3 ( seed ) , ...
These seed values are mapped to list elements by f , producing the elements of the result list in a right - to - left order .
P says when to stop .
unfold - right is the fundamental iterative list constructor , just as fold is the fundamental iterative list consumer .
While unfold - right may seem a bit abstract to novice functional programmers , it can be used in a number of ways : ;;
List of squares : 1^2 ... 10^2 ( unfold - right zero ? ( lambda ( x ) (* x x ) ) ( lambda ( x ) (- x 1 ) ) 10 ) ;; Reverse a proper list .
( unfold - right null - list ? car cdr lis ) ;;
Read current input port into a list of values .
( unfold - right eof - object ?
values ( lambda ( x ) ( read ) ) ( read ) ) ;; ( append - reverse rev-head tail ) ( unfold - right null - list ? car cdr rev-head tail )
Interested functional programmers may enjoy noting that fold and unfold - right are in some sense inverses .
That is , given operations knull ? , kar , kdr , kons , and knil satisfying ( kons ( kar x ) ( kdr x ) ) = x and ( knull ?
knil ) = #t then ( fold kons knil ( unfold - right knull ? kar kdr x ) ) = x and ( unfold - right knull ?
kar kdr ( fold kons knil x ) ) = x .
This combinator presumably has some pretentious mathematical name ; interested readers are invited to communicate it to the author .
map proc clist 1 clist 2 ... -> list [ R5RS +] proc is a procedure taking as many arguments as there are list arguments and returning a single value .
map applies proc element - wise to the elements of the lists and returns a list of the results , in order .
The dynamic order in which proc is applied to the elements of the lists is unspecified .
( map cadr '( ( a b ) ( d e ) ( g h ) ) ) => ( b e h ) ( map ( lambda ( n ) ( expt n n ) ) ' ( 1 2 3 4 5 ) ) => ( 1 4 27 256 3125 ) ( map + ' ( 1 2 3 ) ' ( 4 5 6 ) ) => ( 5 7 9 ) ( let ( ( count 0 ) ) ( map ( lambda ( ignored ) ( set ! count (+ count 1 ) ) count ) '( a b ) ) ) => ( 1 2 ) or ( 2 1 ) This procedure is extended from its R5RS specification to allow the arguments to be of unequal length ; it terminates when the shortest list runs out .
At least one of the argument lists must be finite : ( map + ' ( 3 1 4 1 ) ( circular - list 1 0 ) ) => ( 4 1 5 1 ) for - each proc clist 1 clist 2 ... -> unspecified [ R5RS +]
The arguments to for - each are like the arguments to map , but for - each calls proc for its side effects rather than for its values .
Unlike map , for - each is guaranteed to call proc on the elements of the lists in order from the first element ( s ) to the last , and the value returned by for - each is unspecified .
( let ( ( v ( make - vector 5 ) ) ) ( for -each ( lambda ( i ) ( vector - set ! v i (* i i ) ) ) ' ( 0 1 2 3 4 ) ) v ) => #( 0 1 4 9 16 ) This procedure is extended from its R5RS specification to allow the arguments to be of unequal length ; it terminates when the shortest list runs out .
At least one of the argument lists must be finite .
append - map f clist 1 clist 2 ... -> value append -map !
f clist 1 clist 2 ... -> value Equivalent to ( apply append ( map f clist 1 clist 2 ... ) ) and ( apply append !
( map f clist 1 clist 2 ... ) )
Map f over the elements of the lists , just as in the map function .
However , the results of the applications are appended together to make the final result .
append - map uses append to append the results together ; append - map !
uses append ! .
The dynamic order in which the various applications of f are made is not specified .
Example : ( append - map ! ( lambda ( x ) ( list x (- x ) ) ) ' ( 1 3 8 ) ) => ( 1 - 1 3 - 3 8 - 8 ) At least one of the list arguments must be finite .
map !
f list 1 clist 2 ... -> list Linear - update variant of map -- map !
is allowed , but not required , to alter the cons cells of list 1 to construct the result list .
The dynamic order in which the various applications of f are made is not specified .
In the n-ary case , clist 2 , clist 3 , ... must have at least as many elements as list 1 . map - in - order f clist 1 clist 2 ... -> list A variant of the map procedure that guarantees to apply f across the elements of the list i arguments in a left - to - right order .
This is useful for mapping procedures that both have side effects and return useful values .
At least one of the list arguments must be finite .
pair - for - each f clist 1 clist 2 ... -> unspecific
Like for - each , but f is applied to successive sublists of the argument lists .
That is , f is applied to the cons cells of the lists , rather than the lists ' elements .
These applications occur in left - to - right order .
The f procedure may reliably apply set -cdr ! to the pairs it is given without altering the sequence of execution .
( pair - for - each ( lambda ( pair ) ( display pair ) ( newline ) ) '( a b c ) ) ==> ( a b c ) ( b c ) ( c )
At least one of the list arguments must be finite .
filter - map f clist 1 clist 2 ... -> list Like map , but only true values are saved .
( filter - map ( lambda ( x ) ( and ( number ? x ) (* x x ) ) ) '( a 1 b 3 c 7 ) ) => ( 1 9 49 ) The dynamic order in which the various applications of f are made is not specified .
At least one of the list arguments must be finite .
filter pred list -> list Return all the elements of list that satisfy predicate pred .
The list is not disordered -- elements that appear in the result list occur in the same order as they occur in the argument list .
The returned list may share a common tail with the argument list .
The dynamic order in which the various applications of pred are made is not specified .
( filter even ? '( 0 7 8 8 43 - 4 ) ) => ( 0 8 8 - 4 ) partition pred list -> [ list list ]
Partitions the elements of list with predicate pred , and returns two values : the list of in - elements and the list of out - elements .
The list is not disordered -- elements occur in the result lists in the same order as they occur in the argument list .
The dynamic order in which the various applications of pred are made is not specified .
One of the returned lists may share a common tail with the argument list .
( partition symbol ? '( one 2 3 four five 6 ) ) => ( one four five ) ( 2 3 6 ) remove pred list -> list Returns list without the elements that satisfy predicate pred : ( lambda ( pred list ) ( filter ( lambda ( x ) ( not ( pred x ) ) ) list ) )
The list is not disordered -- elements that appear in the result list occur in the same order as they occur in the argument list .
The returned list may share a common tail with the argument list .
The dynamic order in which the various applications of pred are made is not specified .
( remove even ? '( 0 7 8 8 43 - 4 ) ) => ( 7 43 ) filter !
pred list -> list partition !
pred list -> [ list list ] remove !
pred list -> list Linear - update variants of filter , partition and remove .
These procedures are allowed , but not required , to alter the cons cells in the argument list to construct the result lists .
The following procedures all search lists for a leftmost element satisfying some criteria .
This means they do not always examine the entire list ; thus , there is no efficient way for them to reliably detect and signal an error when passed a dotted or circular list .
Here are the general rules describing how these procedures work when applied to different kinds of lists :
Proper lists :
The standard , canonical behavior happens in this case .
Dotted lists :
It is an error to pass these procedures a dotted list that does not contain an element satisfying the search criteria .
That is , it is an error if the procedure has to search all the way to the end of the dotted list .
However , this SRFI does not specify anything at all about the behavior of these procedures when passed a dotted list containing an element satisfying the search criteria .
It may finish successfully , signal an error , or perform some third action .
Different implementations may provide different functionality in this case ; code which is compliant with this SRFI may not rely on any particular behavior .
Future SRFI 's may refine SRFI - 1 to define specific behavior in this case .
In brief , SRFI - 1 compliant code may not pass a dotted list argument to these procedures .
Circular lists :
It is an error to pass these procedures a circular list that does not contain an element satisfying the search criteria .
Note that the procedure is not required to detect this case ; it may simply diverge .
It is , however , acceptable to search a circular list if the search is successful -- that is , if the list contains an element satisfying the search criteria .
Here are some examples , using the find and any procedures as canonical representatives :
;; Proper list -- success ( find even ? ' ( 1 2 3 ) ) => 2 ( any even ? ' ( 1 2 3 ) ) =>
#t ;; proper list -- failure ( find even ? ' ( 1 7 3 ) ) => #f ( any even ? ' ( 1 7 3 ) ) => #f ;;
Failure is error on a dotted list .
( find even ? ' ( 1 3 . x ) ) => error ( any even ? ' ( 1 3 . x ) ) => error ;;
The dotted list contains an element satisfying the search . ;;
This case is not specified -- it could be success , an error , ; ; or some third possibility .
( find even ? ' ( 1 2 . x ) ) => error / undefined ( any even ? ' ( 1 2 . x ) ) => error / undefined ; success , error or other . ;; circular list -- success ( find even ? ( circular - list 1 6 3 ) ) => 6 ( any even ? ( circular - list 1 6 3 ) ) =>
#t ;; circular list -- failure is error .
Procedure may diverge .
( find even ? ( circular - list 1 3 ) ) => error ( any even ? ( circular - list 1 3 ) ) => error
find pred clist -> value
Return the first element of clist that satisfies predicate pred ; false if no element does .
( find even ? ' ( 3 1 4 1 5 9 ) ) => 4
Note that find has an ambiguity in its lookup semantics -- if find returns #f , you cannot tell ( in general ) if it found a #f element that satisfied pred , or if it did not find any element at all .
In many situations , this ambiguity cannot arise -- either the list being searched is known not to contain any #f elements , or the list is guaranteed to have an element satisfying pred .
However , in cases where this ambiguity can arise , you should use find - tail instead of find -- find - tail has no such ambiguity : ( cond ( ( find - tail pred lis ) => ( lambda ( pair ) ... ) ) ; Handle ( CAR PAIR ) ( else ... ) ) ;
Search failed .
find - tail pred clist -> pair or false Return the first pair of clist whose car satisfies pred .
If no pair does , return false .
find - tail can be viewed as a general - predicate variant of the member function .
Examples : ( find - tail even ? ' ( 3 1 37 - 8 - 5 0 0 ) ) => ( - 8 - 5 0 0 ) ( find - tail even ? '( 3 1 37 - 5 ) ) =>
#f ;; MEMBER X LIS : ( find - tail ( lambda ( elt ) ( equal ? x elt ) ) lis )
In the circular - list case , this procedure " rotates " the list .
Find - tail is essentially drop - while , where the sense of the predicate is inverted : Find - tail searches until it finds an element satisfying the predicate ; drop - while searches until it finds an element that does n't satisfy the predicate .
take - while pred clist -> list take - while !
pred clist -> list Returns the longest initial prefix of clist whose elements all satisfy the predicate pred .
Take - while ! is the linear - update variant .
It is allowed , but not required , to alter the argument list to produce the result .
( take - while even ? ' ( 2 18 3 10 22 9 ) ) => ( 2 18 ) drop - while pred clist -> list Drops the longest initial prefix of clist whose elements all satisfy the predicate pred , and returns the rest of the list .
( drop - while even ? ' ( 2 18 3 10 22 9 ) ) => ( 3 10 22 9 ) The circular - list case may be viewed as " rotating " the list .
span pred clist -> [ list clist ] span !
pred list -> [ list list ] break pred clist -> [ list clist ] break !
pred list -> [ list list ]
Span splits the list into the longest initial prefix whose elements all satisfy pred , and the remaining tail .
Break inverts the sense of the predicate : the tail commences with the first element of the input list that satisfies the predicate .
In other words : span finds the intial span of elements satisfying pred , and break breaks the list at the first element satisfying pred .
Span is equivalent to ( values ( take - while pred clist ) ( drop - while pred clist ) )
Span ! and break ! are the linear - update variants .
They are allowed , but not required , to alter the argument list to produce the result .
( span even ? '( 2 18 3 10 22 9 ) ) => ( 2 18 ) ( 3 10 22 9 ) ( break even ? ' ( 3 1 4 1 5 9 ) ) => ( 3 1 ) ( 4 1 5 9 ) any pred clist 1 clist 2 ... -> value Applies the predicate across the lists , returning true if the predicate returns true on any application .
If there are n list arguments clist 1 ... clist n , then pred must be a procedure taking n arguments and returning a single value , interpreted as a boolean ( that is , #f means false , and any other value means true ) .
any applies pred to the first elements of the clist i parameters .
If this application returns a true value , any immediately returns that value .
Otherwise , it iterates , applying pred to the second elements of the clist i parameters , then the third , and so forth .
The iteration stops when a true value is produced or one of the lists runs out of values ; in the latter case , any returns #f .
The application of pred to the last element of the lists is a tail call .
Note the difference between find and any -- find returns the element that satisfied the predicate ; any returns the true value that the predicate produced .
Like every , any 's name does not end with a question mark -- this is to indicate that it does not return a simple boolean ( #t or #f ) , but a general value .
( any integer ? '( a 3 b 2.7 ) ) => #t ( any integer ? '( a 3.1 b 2.7 ) ) => #f ( any < ' ( 3 1 4 1 5 ) ' ( 2 7 1 8 2 ) ) => #t every pred clist 1 clist 2 ... -> value Applies the predicate across the lists , returning true if the predicate returns true on every application .
If there are n list arguments clist 1 ... clist n , then pred must be a procedure taking n arguments and returning a single value , interpreted as a boolean ( that is , #f means false , and any other value means true ) .
every applies pred to the first elements of the clist i parameters .
If this application returns false , every immediately returns false .
Otherwise , it iterates , applying pred to the second elements of the clist i parameters , then the third , and so forth .
The iteration stops when a false value is produced or one of the lists runs out of values .
In the latter case , every returns the true value produced by its final application of pred .
The application of pred to the last element of the lists is a tail call .
If one of the clist i has no elements , every simply returns #t .
Like any , every 's name does not end with a question mark -- this is to indicate that it does not return a simple boolean ( #t or #f ) , but a general value .
list - index pred clist 1 clist 2 ... -> integer or false Return the index of the leftmost element that satisfies pred .
If there are n list arguments clist 1 ... clist n , then pred must be a function taking n arguments and returning a single value , interpreted as a boolean ( that is , #f means false , and any other value means true ) .
list - index applies pred to the first elements of the clist i parameters .
If this application returns true , list - index immediately returns zero .
Otherwise , it iterates , applying pred to the second elements of the clist i parameters , then the third , and so forth .
When it finds a tuple of list elements that cause pred to return true , it stops and returns the zero - based index of that position in the lists .
The iteration stops when one of the lists runs out of values ; in this case , list - index returns #f .
( list - index even ? ' ( 3 1 4 1 5 9 ) ) => 2 ( list - index < ' ( 3 1 4 1 5 9 2 5 6 ) '( 2 7 1 8 2 ) ) => 1 ( list - index = ' ( 3 1 4 1 5 9 2 5 6 ) ' ( 2 7 1 8 2 ) ) => #f member x list [ = ] -> list memq x list -> list memv x list -> list [ R5RS +]
These procedures return the first sublist of list whose car is x , where the sublists of list are the non-empty lists returned by ( drop list i ) for i less than the length of list .
If x does not occur in list , then #f is returned .
memq uses eq ? to compare x with the elements of list , while memv uses eqv? , and member uses equal ? . ( memq ' a ' ( a b c ) ) => ( a b c ) ( memq 'b ' ( a b c ) ) => ( b c ) ( memq ' a ' ( b c d ) ) => #f ( memq ( list ' a ) '( b ( a ) c ) ) => #f ( member ( list ' a ) '( b ( a ) c ) ) => ( ( a ) c ) ( memq 101 ' ( 100 101 102 ) ) => * unspecified * ( memv 101 '( 100 101 102 ) ) => ( 101 102 ) member is extended from its R5RS definition to allow the client to pass in an optional equality procedure = used to compare keys .
The comparison procedure is used to compare the elements e i of list to the key x in this way : ( = x e i ) ; list is ( E1 ... En )
That is , the first argument is always x , and the second argument is one of the list elements .
Thus one can reliably find the first element of list that is greater than five with ( member 5 list <)
Note that fully general list searching may be performed with the find - tail and find procedures , e.g. ( find - tail even ? list ) ;
Find the first elt with an even key .
delete x list [ = ] -> list delete !
x list [ = ] -> list delete uses the comparison procedure = , which defaults to equal ? , to find all elements of list that are equal to x , and deletes them from list .
The dynamic order in which the various applications of = are made is not specified .
The list is not disordered -- elements that appear in the result list occur in the same order as they occur in the argument list .
The result may share a common tail with the argument list .
Note that fully general element deletion can be performed with the remove and remove !
procedures , e.g. : ;;
Delete all the even elements from LIS : ( remove even ? lis )
The comparison procedure is used in this way : ( = x e i ) .
That is , x is always the first argument , and a list element is always the second argument .
The comparison procedure will be used to compare each element of list exactly once ; the order in which it is applied to the various e i is not specified .
Thus , one can reliably remove all the numbers greater than five from a list with ( delete 5 list <) delete ! is the linear - update variant of delete .
It is allowed , but not required , to alter the cons cells in its argument list to construct the result .
delete - duplicates list [ = ] -> list delete - duplicates !
list [ = ] -> list delete - duplicates removes duplicate elements from the list argument .
If there are multiple equal elements in the argument list , the result list only contains the first or leftmost of these elements in the result .
The order of these surviving elements is the same as in the original list -- delete - duplicates does not disorder the list ( hence it is useful for " cleaning up " association lists ) .
The = parameter is used to compare the elements of the list ; it defaults to equal ? .
If x comes before y in list , then the comparison is performed ( = x y ) .
The comparison procedure will be used to compare each pair of elements in list no more than once ; the order in which it is applied to the various pairs is not specified .
Implementations of delete - duplicates are allowed to share common tails between argument and result lists -- for example , if the list argument contains only unique elements , it may simply return exactly this list .
Be aware that , in general , delete - duplicates runs in time O ( n2 ) for n - element lists .
Uniquifying long lists can be accomplished in O( n lg n ) time by sorting the list to bring equal elements together , then using a linear - time algorithm to remove equal elements .
Alternatively , one can use algorithms based on element - marking , with linear - time results .
delete - duplicates !
is the linear - update variant of delete - duplicates ; it is allowed , but not required , to alter the cons cells in its argument list to construct the result .
( delete - duplicates '( a b a c a b c z ) ) => ( a b c z ) ;;
Clean up an alist : ( delete - duplicates '( ( a .
3 ) ( b . 7 ) ( a . 9 ) ( c . 1 ) ) ( lambda ( x y ) ( eq ? ( car x ) ( car y ) ) ) ) => ( ( a . 3 ) ( b . 7 ) ( c . 1 ) )
An " association list " ( or " alist " ) is a list of pairs .
The car of each pair contains a key value , and the cdr contains the associated data value .
They can be used to construct simple look - up tables in Scheme .
Note that association lists are probably inappropriate for performance - critical use on large data ; in these cases , hash tables or some other alternative should be employed .
assoc key alist [ = ] -> pair or #f assq key alist -> pair or #f assv key alist -> pair or #f [ R5 RS +] alist must be an association list -- a list of pairs .
These procedures find the first pair in alist whose car field is key , and returns that pair .
If no pair in alist has key as its car , then #f is returned .
assq uses eq ? to compare key with the car fields of the pairs in alist , while assv uses eqv? and assoc uses equal ? . ( define e '( (a 1 ) ( b 2 ) ( c 3 ) ) ) ( assq 'a e ) => ( a 1 ) ( assq 'b e ) => ( b 2 ) ( assq 'd e ) => #f ( assq ( list ' a ) '( ( ( a ) ) ( ( b ) ) ( ( c ) ) ) ) => #f ( assoc ( list ' a ) '( ( ( a ) ) ( ( b ) ) ( ( c ) ) ) ) => ( ( a ) ) ( assq 5 ' ( ( 2 3 ) ( 5 7 ) ( 11 13 ) ) ) => * unspecified * ( assv 5 '( ( 2 3 ) ( 5 7 ) ( 11 13 ) ) ) => ( 5 7 ) assoc is extended from its R5RS definition to allow the client to pass in an optional equality procedure = used to compare keys .
The comparison procedure is used to compare the elements e i of list to the key parameter in this way : ( = key ( car e i ) ) ; list is ( E1 ... En )
That is , the first argument is always key , and the second argument is one of the list elements .
Thus one can reliably find the first entry of alist whose key is greater than five with ( assoc 5 alist <)
Note that fully general alist searching may be performed with the find - tail and find procedures , e.g. ;;
Look up the first association in alist with an even key : ( find ( lambda ( a ) ( even ? ( car a ) ) ) alist ) alist - cons key datum alist -> alist ( lambda ( key datum alist ) ( cons ( cons key datum ) alist ) )
Cons a new alist entry mapping key -> datum onto alist .
alist - copy alist -> alist
Make a fresh copy of alist .
This means copying each pair that forms an association as well as the spine of the list , i.e. ( lambda ( a ) ( map ( lambda ( elt ) ( cons ( car elt ) ( cdr elt ) ) ) a ) ) alist - delete key alist [ = ] -> alist alist - delete ! key alist [ = ] -> alist alist - delete deletes all associations from alist with the given key , using key - comparison procedure = , which defaults to equal ? .
The dynamic order in which the various applications of = are made is not specified .
Return values may share common tails with the alist argument .
The alist is not disordered -- elements that appear in the result alist occur in the same order as they occur in the argument alist .
The comparison procedure is used to compare the element keys k i of alist 's entries to the key parameter in this way : ( = key k i ) .
Thus , one can reliably remove all entries of alist whose key is greater than five with ( alist - delete 5 alist <) alist - delete ! is the linear - update variant of alist - delete .
It is allowed , but not required , to alter cons cells from the alist parameter to construct the result .
These procedures implement operations on sets represented as lists of elements .
They all take an = argument used to compare elements of lists .
This equality procedure is required to be consistent with eq ? .
That is , it must be the case that
( eq ? x y ) => ( = x y ) .
eq ?
eq ?
Be aware that these procedures typically run in time O( n * m ) for n - and m - element list arguments .
Performance - critical applications operating upon large sets will probably wish to use other data structures and algorithms .
lset <= = list 1 ... -> boolean Returns true iff every list i is a subset of list i+1 , using = for the element - equality procedure .
List A is a subset of list B if every element in A is equal to some element of B .
When performing an element comparison , the = procedure 's first argument is an element of A ; its second , an element of B . ( lset < = eq ? ' ( a ) '( a b a ) ' ( a b c c ) ) => #t ( lset < = eq ? ) =>
#t ; Trivial cases ( lset < = eq ? '( a ) ) => #t lset= = list 1 list 2 ... -> boolean Returns true iff every list i is set - equal to list i+1 , using = for the element - equality procedure .
" Set - equal " simply means that list i is a subset of list i+1 , and list i+1 is a subset of list i .
The = procedure 's first argument is an element of list i ; its second is an element of list i+1 .
( lset= eq ? ' ( b e a ) ' ( a e b ) ' ( e e b a ) ) => #t ( lset= eq ? ) =>
#t ; Trivial cases ( lset= eq ? '( a ) ) =>
#t Note added on 2020 - 06 - 02 :
The reference ( sample ) implementation had a bug that reversed the arguments to = .
The implementation has been corrected to match the text above .
lset - adjoin = list elt 1 ... -> list
Adds the elt i elements not already in the list parameter to the result list .
The result shares a common tail with the list parameter .
The new elements are added to the front of the list , but no guarantees are made about their order .
The = parameter is an equality procedure used to determine if an elt i is already a member of list .
Its first argument is an element of list ; its second is one of the elt i .
The list parameter is always a suffix of the result -- even if the list parameter contains repeated elements , these are not reduced .
( lset - adjoin eq ? '( a b c d c e ) ' a 'e ' i 'o 'u ) => ( u o i a b c d c e ) lset - union = list 1 ... -> list Returns the union of the lists , using = for the element - equality procedure .
The union of lists A and B is constructed as follows :
If A is the empty list , the answer is B ( or a copy of B ) .
is the empty list , the answer is ( or a copy of ) .
Otherwise , the result is initialised to be list A ( or a copy of A ) .
( or a copy of ) .
Proceed through the elements of list B in a left - to - right order .
If b is such an element of B , compare every element r of the current result list to b : ( = r b ) .
If all comparisons fail , b is consed onto the front of the result .
However , there is no guarantee that = will be applied to every pair of arguments from A and B .
In particular , if A is eq ? to B , the operation may immediately terminate .
In the n-ary case , the two - argument list - union operation is simply folded across the argument lists .
( lset - union eq ? '( a b c d e ) ' ( a e i o u ) ) => ( u o i a b c d e ) ;; Repeated elements in LIST1 are preserved .
( lset - union eq ? ' ( a a c ) ' ( x a x ) ) => ( x a a c ) ;;
Trivial cases ( lset-union eq ? ) => () ( lset-union eq ? '( a b c ) ) => ( a b c ) lset - intersection = list 1 list 2 ... -> list Returns the intersection of the lists , using = for the element - equality procedure .
The intersection of lists A and B is comprised of every element of A that is = to some element of B : ( = a b ) , for a in A , and b in B .
Note this implies that an element which appears in B and multiple times in list A will also appear multiple times in the result .
The order in which elements appear in the result is the same as they appear in list 1 -- that is , lset - intersection essentially filters list 1 , without disarranging element order .
The result may share a common tail with list 1 .
In the n-ary case , the two - argument list - intersection operation is simply folded across the argument lists .
However , the dynamic order in which the applications of = are made is not specified .
The procedure may check an element of list 1 for membership in every other list before proceeding to consider the next element of list 1 , or it may completely intersect list 1 and list 2 before proceeding to list 3 , or it may go about its work in some third order .
( lset - intersection eq ? ' ( a b c d e ) ' ( a e i o u ) ) => ( a e ) ;;
Repeated elements in LIST1 are preserved .
( lset - intersection eq ? ' ( a x y a ) ' ( x a x z ) ) => ' ( a x a ) ( lset - intersection eq ? '( a b c ) ) => ( a b c ) ;
Trivial case lset - difference = list 1 list 2 ... -> list Returns the difference of the lists , using = for the element - equality procedure -- all the elements of list 1 that are not = to any element from one of the other list i parameters .
The = procedure 's first argument is always an element of list 1 ; its second is an element of one of the other list i .
Elements that are repeated multiple times in the list 1 parameter will occur multiple times in the result .
The order in which elements appear in the result is the same as they appear in list 1 -- that is , lset - difference essentially filters list 1 , without disarranging element order .
The result may share a common tail with list 1 .
The dynamic order in which the applications of = are made is not specified .
The procedure may check an element of list 1 for membership in every other list before proceeding to consider the next element of list 1 , or it may completely compute the difference of list 1 and list 2 before proceeding to list 3 , or it may go about its work in some third order .
( lset - difference eq ? '( a b c d e ) ' ( a e i o u ) ) => ( b c d ) ( lset - difference eq ? '( a b c ) ) => ( a b c ) ; Trivial case lset - xor = list 1 ... -> list Returns the exclusive - or of the sets , using = for the element - equality procedure .
If there are exactly two lists , this is all the elements that appear in exactly one of the two lists .
The operation is associative , and thus extends to the n-ary case -- the elements that appear in an odd number of the lists .
The result may share a common tail with any of the list i parameters .
More precisely , for two lists A and B , A xor B is a list of every element a of A such that there is no element b of B such that ( = a b ) , and
of such that there is no element of such that , and every element b of B such that there is no element a of A such that ( = b a ) .
However , an implementation is allowed to assume that = is symmetric -- that is , that ( = a b ) => ( = b a ) .
This means , for example , that if a comparison ( = a b ) produces true for some a in A and b in B , both a and b may be removed from inclusion in the result .
In the n-ary case , the binary - xor operation is simply folded across the lists .
( lset - xor eq ? '( a b c d e ) ' ( a e i o u ) ) => ( d c b i o u ) ;; Trivial cases .
( lset - xor eq ? ) => ( ) ( lset - xor eq ? ' ( a b c d e ) ) => ( a b c d e ) lset - diff + intersection = list 1 list 2 ... -> [ list list ]
Returns two values -- the difference and the intersection of the lists .
Is equivalent to ( values ( lset - difference = list 1 list 2 ... ) ( lset - intersection = list 1 ( lset- union = list 2 ... ) ) ) but can be implemented more efficiently .
The = procedure 's first argument is an element of list 1 ; its second is an element of one of the other list i .
Either of the answer lists may share a common tail with list 1 .
This operation essentially partitions list 1 . lset - union !
= list 1 ... -> list lset - intersection !
= list 1 list 2 ... -> list lset - difference !
= list 1 list 2 ... -> list lset - xor !
= list 1 ... -> list lset - diff + intersection !
= list 1 list 2 ... -> [ list list ]
These are linear - update variants .
They are allowed , but not required , to use the cons cells in their first list parameter to construct their answer .
lset -union !
is permitted to recycle cons cells from any of its list arguments .
These two procedures are the primitive , R5RS side - effect operations on pairs .
set - car ! pair object -> unspecified set-cdr ! pair object -> unspecified [ R5RS ]
These procedures store object in the car and cdr field of pair , respectively .
The value returned is unspecified .
( define ( f ) ( list ' not-a- constant - list ) ) ( define ( g ) '( constant - list ) ) ( set-car ! ( f ) 3 ) => * unspecified * ( set-car ! ( g ) 3 ) => * error *
The design of this library benefited greatly from the feedback provided during the SRFI discussion phase .
Among those contributing thoughtful commentary and suggestions , both on the mailing list and by private discussion , were Mike Ashley , Darius Bacon , Alan Bawden , Phil Bewig , Jim Blandy , Dan Bornstein , Per Bothner , Anthony Carrico , Doug Currie , Kent Dybvig , Sergei Egorov , Doug Evans , Marc Feeley , Matthias Felleisen , Will Fitzgerald , Matthew Flatt , Dan Friedman , Lars Thomas Hansen , Brian Harvey , Erik Hilsdale , Wolfgang Hukriede , Richard Kelsey , Donovan Kolbly , Shriram Krishnamurthi , Dave Mason , Jussi Piitulainen , David Pokorny , Duncan Smith , Mike Sperber , Maciej Stachowiak , Harvey J. Stein , John David Stone , and Joerg F. Wittenberger .
I am grateful to them for their assistance .
I am also grateful the authors , implementors and documentors of all the systems mentioned in the rationale .
Aubrey Jaffer and Kent Pitman should be noted for their work in producing Web- accessible versions of the R5RS and Common Lisp spec , which was a tremendous aid .
This is not to imply that these individuals necessarily endorse the final results , of course .
This document , in HTML : https://srfi.schemers.org/srfi-1/srfi-1.html
Source code for the reference implementation : https://srfi.schemers.org/srfi-1/srfi-1-reference.scm
Archive of SRFI - 1 discussion - list email : https://srfi-email.schemers.org/srfi-1
SRFI web site : https://srfi.schemers.org/
[ CommonLisp ] Common Lisp : the Language
Guy L. Steele Jr. ( editor ) .
Digital Press , Maynard , Mass. , second edition 1990 .
( Wikipedia entry ) The Common Lisp " HyperSpec , " produced by Kent Pitman , is essentially the ANSI spec for Common Lisp : http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/HyperSpec/Front/index.htm
[ R5RS ] Revised5 report on the algorithmic language Scheme .
R. Kelsey , W. Clinger , J. Rees ( editors ) .
Higher - Order and Symbolic Computation , Vol. 11 , No. 1 , September , 1998 .
and ACM SIGPLAN Notices , Vol. 33 , No. 9 , October , 1998 .
Available at http://www.schemers.org/Documents/Standards/.
Certain portions of this document -- the specific , marked segments of text describing the R5RS procedures -- were adapted with permission from the R5RS report .
All other text is copyright ( C ) Olin Shivers ( 1998 , 1999 ) .
All Rights Reserved .
Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sublicense , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions :
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
Yahoo Sports
Multiple Galaxy players have alluded to being better as a unit this season , especially since the restart .
How will Chicharito fit into that puzzle when he returns ?
Published online 16 November 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.1089
News
A new species of finch may have arisen in the Galapagos .
This finch 's odd beak and song make it unpopular with the locals .
Grant , P./ PNAS
A husband and wife team has spotted what could be the beginning of a new species of finch on one of the Galapagos Islands , where Charles Darwin developed his ideas about evolution .
Peter and Rosemary Grant , evolutionary biologists at Princeton University in New Jersey , have spent nearly four decades watching finches on Daphne Major , in the Galapagos archipelago where Darwin , too , studied finches .
The birds later figured prominently in his discussions of variation and natural selection .
Over the decades , the Grants have measured and tagged the vast majority of the finches that inhabit Daphne Major , and as a result have been able to observe evolution in real time ( see ' Evolution caught in the act ' ) .
It was in 1981 , that the Grants spotted an unusually heavy medium ground - finch ( Geospiza fortis ) .
At 29.7 grams , the male was more than 5 grams heavier than any they had seen on Daphne Major before .
Genetic analysis showed that it probably came from the neighbouring island of Santa Cruz .
The Grants numbered the bird 5110 and followed it and all its known descendants over seven generations .
Many of its descendants stuck out from the other G. fortis on Daphne Major : they had unusually shaped beaks and their songs differed from those of the other finches .
All in the family
In the fourth generation , a severe drought hit the island and 5110 's descendants were reduced to one male and one female — a brother and sister .
From then on the immigrant lineage isolated itself , breeding with no other G. fortis on the island , they report in an article in this week 's Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences1 .
" No study of this sort has been done before , and it shows one way in which speciation can get started , " say the Grants from Japan , where they are receiving the Kyoto Prize for basic science for their life work ( see ' Kyoto prize for evolution while you watch ' ) .
The distance between Daphne Major and Santa Cruz had made contact between finches on the two islands a rare event .
5110 's arrival is an example of a phenomenon called ' secondary contact ' , when separated populations of the same species meet after a period of time , during which they may have evolved .
" The secondary contact phase is typically discussed as a thought experiment , " says Jeff Podos , a biologist at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst who has worked extensively with Darwin 's finches .
" The real strength of the paper is that it documents , in natural field circumstances , the arrival and fate in secondary contact of a previously separated lineage . "
He adds that " the authors ' ability to document the reproductive fate of the immigrant bird is nothing short of remarkable . "
Second coming
The fact that 5110 's descendants have n't mixed could be because they differ from the natives .
The Grants note that the descendants have a differently shaped beak from those native to Daphne Major .
As finch beaks are vital in identifying potential mates , this could serve to keep them reproductively isolated .
5110 's offspring also have the avian equivalent of a strange accent .
These finches learn their songs from their father , and the Grants suggest that 5110 sang the songs from his birth home of Santa Cruz then modified his come - hither ballad by roughly copying the Daphne Major birds ' .
This imperfect copying , they suggest , has over time acted as a barrier to interbreeding .
ADVERTISEMENT
Lukas Keller of the Zoological Museum at the University of Zurich , Switzerland , agrees that 5110 's case is special .
However , he thinks it may be possible to generalize to other species who learn behaviours such as singing in a similar way .
" For me it 's a very exciting paper , " he says .
Whereas Darwin thought that a new species would take a considerable amount of time to appear , Keller says that this paper " shows how rapidly reproductive isolation can develop " .
The Grant 's are n't yet ready to call 5110 's lineage a new species , a term fraught with difficulty for evolutionary biologists .
" There is no non-arbitrary answer to the question of how many generations should elapse before we declare the reproductively isolated lineage to be a new species , " they say .
" For the present it is functioning as a [ separate ] species because its members are breeding only with each other . "
The Grants think there is only a small chance that 5110 's descendants will remain isolated long enough to speciate .
If they do , the new species will have to be named : " When discussing these birds we call them ' big birds ' , " the Grants say .
" That could be translated into Latin . "
received a box containing the following :
The book : Non Campus Menitis , a Pokemon figurine , a boondoggle keychain of a cobra , and a tin that said " open in case of future " .
the tin was really cool , like a transformer or GIjoe cobra logo type of insignia on the outside .
a small magnet holding a small key ( for which there was no lock ) was held on the outside .
the tin contained a rubber gasket , a small lens , some sand / rocks , and a paperclip .
Cool beans methinks
A decent video editing tool that 's not exclusive to Macs — it 's something a lot of us have been asking and hoping for .
The team behind Lifehacker favorite VLC Media Player is working on one , and it's a promising prospect .
Advertisement
At the moment , the software exists only as a working github repository , but the official announcement page describes VideoLAN Movie Creator ( VLMC ) as " a free video editing software , offering features to realize semi-professional quality movies , but with the aim to [ stay ] simple and user - friendly . "
The page also notes that VLMC is being developed " with the support of the VideoLAN organization , " so whether it 's a direct product of the VLC team remains to be seen .
A helpful Reddit user compiled the Linux version and provided the early screenshot seen above , while the site promises a pre-release alpha for Windows , Mac , and Linux " very soon . "
We are , to put it mildly , intrigued and excited to see what comes out of this open source project .
Thanks chappell101 !
Advertisement
VideoLAN Movie Creator - Overview [ VideoLAN Movie Creator via Web Upd8 ]
This is not exactly news to anyone , but I feel like writing it down anyways : Solaris is not open source , and this matters in practice .
You might well ask , ' but what about OpenSolaris ? '
As a sysadmin , the two open source freedoms that I really care about are the freedom to inspect the actual code you are running and the freedom to fix the actual code that you are running .
OpenSolaris does not deliver either of those freedoms , as the OpenSolaris codebase is not the same as the Solaris codebase ( and I 'm not sure if the two were ever the same ) .
In fact , you may well not even be able to replace Solaris things with bits from OpenSolaris without a lot of work .
( That was our experience when we ran into mountd issues ; we tried building the OpenSolaris mountd code on some version of Solaris 10 , only to find that there were significantly different library APIs .
Possibly going backwards in time to earlier OpenSolaris mountd versions would have worked , but then who knows what bug fixes we'd be missing . )
The truth is that while OpenSolaris is interesting and periodically useful , and it's nice to see Sun release the code that way for inspection and potential use outside ( Open ) Solaris , it 's not the same thing as having a real open source Solaris .
And Solaris is not open source , not in anywhere near the same way that something like Ubuntu , Red Hat , or FreeBSD is , and this difference does matter to me .
( It may well not matter to developers .
Developers likely care much more about the technology and the ideal code than they necessarily care about what exact code customers are running ; for most reuse purposes , OpenSolaris is perfectly good .
It does mean that there is no way for outside developers to contribute directly to Solaris , but I suspect that Sun considers that a feature . )
A thickening girth can be a sign of health problems like type 2 diabetes Almost nine in 10 people are not aware of the risks of carrying extra fat around their waistline .
A survey of 12,000 Europeans found most had no idea that a thick waist was a sign of a build - up of a dangerous type of fat around the internal organs .
The report from GlaxoSmithKline , who make weight loss drug Alli , said this " visceral fat " is strongly linked with type 2 diabetes and heart disease .
Most people would lose weight once they found out the risk , the survey found .
Report author Dr Terry Maguire , honorary senior lecturer at Queen 's University in Belfast , said people did not know that visceral fat , which you cannot see or feel and which sits around the organs in the abdomen , is there or that it poses a problem .
It is thought that the danger of visceral fat is related to the release of proteins and hormones that can cause inflammation , which in turn can damage arteries and enter the liver , and affect how the body breaks down sugars and fats .
It is the weight around your belly which really does the harm
Professor Steve Field , Royal College of GPs
Only a quarter of those questioned in the Europe - wide study thought being overweight was a risk to long - term health at all .
" Most overweight people still see themselves as having a body image issue not a health problem and they need to understand the health benefits of weight loss as well as the cosmetic results , " he said .
Waist measurement Research has shown that waist circumference is a good indicator of visceral fat and therefore of a person 's risk of diseases associated with being overweight , such as type 2 diabetes .
The report pointed out that when weight is lost visceral fat is more easily broken down for energy than the fat immediately under the skin and even a small amount of weight loss can cause a difference .
When asked about losing weight , two - thirds of respondents said they would go on a diet in the New Year .
WAIST SIZE Diabetes UK advises that the following waist measurements put people at risk :
Women : 31.5 inches ( 80 cm )
White men and black men : 37 inches ( 94 cm )
South Asian men : 35 inches ( 90 cm )
But the report 's co-author Professor David Haslam , chair of the UK National Obesity Forum , cautioned that steady sustainable weight loss is important and that crash diets were likely to be unsuccessful .
" They can actually do more harm than good , " he said .
" Invariably weight is put back on , with some of the weight regained accumulating as visceral fat . "
It comes as the Department of Health announced that more than 300 of the 1,500 babies who were likely to have been born this New Year 's Day could be overweight or obese by the time they start school unless action is taken .
Professor Steve Field , chair of the Royal College of GPs , said most of the focus in recent years had been on weight .
" It is the weight around your belly which really does the harm .
" A lot of these things take a while to get into people 's heads especially as there has been so much focus on weight and body mass index .
" I 'm not surprised at the findings because it will take more than a few academic papers to really change people 's minds . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Video : Screen sees in 3D
An everyday LCD screen has been modified to “ see ” the world in front of it in 3D .
That means a viewer can control on - screen objects by waving their arms in the air without touching the screen , let alone a mouse or keyboard .
“ This is a level of interaction that nobody ’s ever been able to do before , ” says Ramesh Raskar at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Lab , who created the prototype shown in the video above with colleagues Matthew Hirsch and Henry Holtzman , as well as Douglas Lanman at Brown University in Providence , Rhode Island .
The screen – dubbed BiDi , short for bi-directional – allows users to manipulate or interact with objects on the screen in three dimensions .
It will also function as a 3D scanner , he adds .
“ If you spin an object in front of screen , the software will stitch together a 3D image . ”
Advertisement
Sharper focus
Raskar and Holtzman ’s team were inspired by the way manufacturers of LCD panels , including Sharp and Planar Systems , are experimenting with adding optical sensors between a panel ’s pixels so that it can act as a touch - screen interface .
But such displays have poor vision , like a camera with no lens , says Lanman : they can clearly image objects that are in direct contact with the screen , but anything further away is blurred .
The researchers set out to modify the concept to let the screen see the world in front of it more sharply .
Placing a tiny lens slightly in front of each sensor would do that , but the layer of lenses would adversely affect the images produced by the display .
Instead , Raskar and Holtzman ’s team used a standard 20 - inch screen to show how a basic feature of all LCD screens can perform the job of a lens array .
Pinhole pixels
The brightness of each of an LCD ’s pixels is controlled by a layer of liquid crystals , which can swivel to physically control how much light passes from the display ’s backlight .
In BiDi the team use that function to control light passing in the other direction onto an array of sensors behind the display .
When the screen is “ looking ” around it , most of its pixels are shut off by the liquid crystals .
But a regular grid of hundreds of pixels spread across the screen use their liquid crystals to create a tiny hole that acts as a pinhole camera lens , focusing an image of the scene in front onto a thin translucent film a few centimetres behind the LCD .
Those images are detected by a camera inside BiDi , allowing the device to know what is happening before it .
The LCD screen ’s pixels must also do their usual job of presenting images to the user , though .
They oscillate between their two tasks many times per second , too fast for the viewer to notice that while they are watching the screen , the screen is also watching them .
“ We take the normal LCD layer and put it to double duty , ” says Lanman .
Stereo imaging
Exploiting the different viewpoints of pinholes in different places on the screen makes it possible to reconstruct stereoscopic images , by taking a small amount of information from each of the pinhole images .
Several stereoscopic image pairs are produced , each sharply focussed on objects a particular distance from the screen , from which the system can calculate how far away the object is .
“ We produce multiple images , each focused on a different plane in front of the screen all the way to , say , 50 centimetres away from the screen , ” says Lanman .
“ For instance , your hand will be blurred except in the one image that ’s at the right depth . ”
A further processing step singles out the sharply focussed parts of each image in the stack , creating a sharp depth map of objects within the screen ’s field of view that can be used to track 3D gestures in the same way a standard touch screen captures touch gestures .
The whole process takes place in real time , and computer software interprets those gestures as an input to control the objects on the screen .
The BiDi screen will be presented at Siggraph Asia later this week .
5 . Let me check my _____ to see if I have time for a vacation .
Calender
Calendar 15 questions remain
Landing in Ashgabat , there 's no sign telling you where you are .
No " Welcome to Ashgabat " , no " Ashgabat International Airport , Terminal One " or anything of the sort .
Instead , atop the terminal building , there is simply an embossed shiny head ; the profile of a middle - aged man in gold .
Turkmenistan has done its best to keep out journalists for the past decade , and has long been an unattainable dream for Moscow correspondents like myself .
But due , it seemed , to some kind of administrative error , they had let a few of us in , ostensibly to cover a tedious - sounding Investment Forum , and here I was stepping off the plane into one of the world 's most isolated and bizarre countries .
The gold head was the first sighting of a man that would follow me around for the whole time I spent in Ashgabat .
He was Saparmurat Niyazov , the local Communist party boss who had taken over as president when the country gained independence from the Soviet Union in the early 1990s , and created a personality cult unrivalled anywhere else in the world , except perhaps for North Korea .
He decided he was n't going to be boring old Mr Niyazov , he would be Turkmenbashi – Leader of all the Turkmens .
He was Saparmurat Turkmenbashi the Great ; he was the All - powerful and Fearless Serdar ; he was the Eternal Sun of Turkmenistan and the Great Architect of the Golden Age of the Turkmens ; he was the Father , the Prophet , and the President for Life .
Since December 2006 , he was also dead .
But nevertheless , he was very much still here .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A scruffy , miserably inhospitable patch of desert with nothing much going for it , Turkmenistan is watched closely by the rest of the world due to the vast reserves of gas – the fourth largest in the world – that lie under its arid sands and off its Caspian coast .
With the cash that flooded into the country as the gas flowed out , Turkmenbashi built possibly the oddest city in the world .
Ashgabat is not simply bizarre .
It 's world - class nuts ; Olympic - Gold - level bananas ; truly and utterly bonkers .
For years it provided pithy news stories written from Moscow or London ( it was rare for anyone to gain access to check for themselves ) .
Turkmenbashi renamed the days of the week and the months of the year after himself and his mother .
He banned opera , ballet and the circus , but opened a giant theme park based on Turkmen fairy tales .
He made his book , the Ruhnama , compulsory reading for all schoolchildren , and everyone needs to sit an exam on it to get a driving licence .
On a first walkabout , the city more than lived up to its bizarro billing .
Turkmens are an eye - catching bunch , especially the women .
They wear ankle - length dresses made of silk or velvet , which come in a whole host of bright purples , oranges , blues and greens ; the necks adorned with intricate gold - thread embroidery that comes down in a sweeping column from the throat to the navel .
Any gathering of Turkmens turns even the most mundane setting into a kaleidoscopic whirl of colour and excitement .
But none of them were here .
Nobody .
Over in the old part of town , the bit they do n't want foreigners to see , locals live in a normal , shabby Soviet city , many neighbourhoods of which were simply bulldozed down to make way for the new city .
This ever - expanding new section consists solely of huge white marble buildings , set along broad avenues completely bereft of people , save the armies of cleaners who keep them so spotless you could eat your dinner off them .
As few people can afford the new apartments , most of them are empty .
I felt as though I was an extra in an apocalyptic disaster movie , walking along these long , wide avenues framed with shimmering new buildings but with hardly a soul in sight .
Here in the very heart of Central Asia , that romantic region of teeming bazaars , mysterious alleyways and ancient mosques , is a brand - new city full of sterile white - marble high - rises and glimmering gold statues of the man who ordered them built .
At its centre is ( of course ) Turkmenbashi Square .
On three sides are vast palaces ; the too - new shine of their white marble facades marking them as recent creations .
On the fourth and final side of the square is the city 's crowning glory .
Three wide white legs stretch down dozens of metres , straddling a roundabout ; a giant tripod base on which is mounted a white , somewhat phallic structure in the shape of a space shuttle .
And atop this , high in the air , a statue all in gold , of a middle - aged man with his arms outstretched above his head in a pose of religious ecstasy , like a maniacal preacher .
Yes , it 's Turkmenbashi , rotating throughout the day to always face the sun .
To make things more complicated , the country is now afflicted with a bipolar personality cult .
When Turkmenbashi died in 2006 , his former dentist , and then Minister of Health , the tough - to - pronounce Gurbanguly Berdymukhammedov , took over as the new leader .
While the golden statues of Turkmenbashi remain , the more transient elements of his personality cult – portraits on buildings , banknotes , and so on – have been slowly removed , and Berdymukhammedov has instigated his own , creeping personality cult .
Younger than his predecessor , Berdymukhammedov 's jet - black hair is swept back over a pudgy face in the same way as the great Turkmenbashi , but with a more sinister effect – he looks like a slightly vampiric librarian in the giant posters that adorn almost every building in the city .
When he came to power , there was much talk of liberalisation , but in Turkmenistan , everything is relative .
Previously , nobody except a select few government officials was allowed to use the internet .
Now , there are four internet cafes in Ashgabat , but there are only five computers in each , the connection is medievally slow , and surfers have a double reminder that Big Brother is watching – not only does a portrait of Berdymukhammedov stare down from the walls , but in the one I visited an officious young man with slicked back hair took note of everyone 's name and passport number before they were allowed online .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Berdymukhammedov has also carried on Turkmenbashi's penchant for vanity mega-projects .
His big idea is the construction of one of the world 's best tourist resorts at a cost of billions of dollars at Avaza on the Caspian Sea .
No matter that the water is too cold to swim in most of the year , the beach is covered in sea snakes , and it 's almost impossible for anyone to get a visa and visit the new paradise .
The order was given to build a giant resort , so a giant resort is being built .
Nobody questions the president .
The television news follows his every move , and he 's followed everywhere by hordes of clapping , grinning schoolchildren .
Recent televised stunts have included driving across the desert country in a race against two professional racing drivers ( no prizes for guessing who won ) , and the inauguration of a new cancer centre .
Berdymukhammedov , a dentist by training , performed complex surgery to remove a tumour from a patient , although informed sources told me that he simply wielded a scalpel and grinned for the cameras , while the real work was done by two German surgeons who had been specially flown in .
The Investment Forum was held in a vast white hall with delegates seated around dining tables laden with fruits , nuts and drinks , and was meant to be opened by the Big Man himself , but he pulled out at the last minute , leaving everyone to make do with the enormous portrait of him that was hung above the podium .
( Though he was unable to find 15 minutes to talk to the biggest - ever gathering of international investors to descend on his country , Berdymukhammedov did , however , find time to spend several hours ceremonially opening a chicken farm the next day . )
The Turkmen officials at the forum spoke in a tedious monotone , droning imaginary statistics and making obligatory references to the " marvellous initiatives of respected president " roughly every 30 seconds .
I cornered the deputy health minister at the end of one session to ask if the country had a problem with HIV .
She shot me a look of worried suspicion , and said : " We are building a big new HIV prevention clinic .
But luckily so far we do n't have a single case . "
This in a country that borders Afghanistan and its heroin supplies , where prostitution is widespread , and where all the other countries in the region admit to a serious HIV problem .
She later suggested it would " perhaps be better if you did n't write an article about this " .
" People do n't solve problems here , " a foreign resident of Ashgabat told me .
" They simply deny them . "
Not that this seemed an issue for companies looking to invest in the country .
Speech after speech of praise from Western companies drew smug smiles and nods of approval from the Turkmen officials listening through their translation headsets .
The parade of foreigners telling them in obsequious language how wise and talented their president is was reminiscent of emissaries sent to the courts of ancient Khans to win trading concessions with gifts and beautiful words , and hardly seemed like the best way to drag the country out of its self - imposed isolation .
" Zis Prezident it trruly an innovator , " chirped one overexcited German from the podium , urging delegates to invest in the gold - plated haven of Turkmenistan .
A Brit , representing the EBRD , spoke of the country 's wise political course .
Nobody deemed it fit to remark that we were in one of the weirdest and most autocratic countries in the world .
And of course , few of the companies actually wanted to make - long term investments in such an opaque country .
" Most people here are vendors , not investors , " one delegate confessed quietly on the sidelines of the forum .
They 're happy to build any palace or five - star hotel that the Turkmens ask them to .
But actually invest long - term and expose their money to risk ?
Not a chance .
I escaped from the conference and got chatting to a group of young Turkmens sitting in a café .
They were well dressed and tapping on i-Phones , and it transpired they all worked in international companies in Ashgabat – they were some of the lucky few who had been allowed to study abroad for a year , and had picked up English in the US .
" I learnt more in six months in the US than I did for four years at the best faculty of the best university in Turkmenistan , where I learned absolutely nothing , " one of them told me .
" All the really talented professors were fired in the Nineties and replaced with idiots who were happy just to talk about Turkmenbashi and the Ruhnama , " he continued , talking quietly so as not to attract too much attention .
" Everything was destroyed under the old president .
Everything .
I 'm patriotic , I love my country and I want to stay here .
I could 've got citizenship in the States if I 'd tried hard enough , but I wanted to come back here .
But if things do n't improve in the next decade , people like me will start to leave .
I want my kids to have a decent education , and right now , that 's impossible here . "
While there might not be brutality on as widespread a scale as in neighbouring Uzbekistan , this is only because Turkmens on the whole appear to have accepted their lot , and know not to talk out of turn .
This is partly due to the most spectacular dumbing down of society .
No books are printed except the Ruhnama – Turkmenbashi's turgid ramblings on life , morals and Turkmen history – and Berdymukhammedov 's tomes .
Despite being in office less than three years , he 's already managed to knock out a book on cooking , one on horses and one on herbal medicine , and the TV news features nothing but Berdymukhammedov and dancing children .
To test out just how isolated the place really was , I played a game on a Friday night out at one of Ashgabat 's few nightclubs .
I asked 10 different people , all young well - to - do types in their twenties , if they could name the current US President .
Seven of them expressed total bemusement , one guessed " Bush " , and one of the bartenders disappeared to phone a " friend who knows everything " , and returned a few minutes later proudly brandishing a piece of paper on which was written in neat Cyrillic letters , " Vagassa Avama " .
Only one , a shy young ethnic Russian girl , guessed Obama , but then collapsed in a fit of giggles and said she was sure she must be wrong .
***
While the personality cults of both Berdymukhammedov and Turkmenbashi were on display at every street corner , it was only when I arrived in Gipjak , the village about 15 miles outside Ashgabat where Saparmurat Niyazov had been born in 1940 , that the utterly outrageous extravagance of his cult really became clear .
This was where the Turkmenbashi Mosque had been built .
The shiny white marble and vast gold dome meant that , like all the new buildings in Turkmenistan , it was somewhat tacky , resembling what Hotel Mecca , Las Vegas , might look like if such a thing was ever built .
But while it could hardly compete with the great mosques of Iran and the Middle East for elegance , its sheer size meant it was hard not to be impressed .
Approaching the mosque from the road , I walked past over a hundred fountains bursting from lush green grass by the roadside , before entering a walkway surrounded on both sides by fountains and green Turkmen flags .
The mosque itself was on a platform about four metres above the earth , and water cascaded down all the sides .
The four soaring minarets were of white marble ringed with gold bands , and the mosque itself encased by a grand wall with marble columns and eight porticos .
Under the main gate of the mosque was not a quote from the Koran , but a long quote from the Ruhnama and the words " Turkmenbashi is Great " .
Inside , around the base of the dome , blue - lettered slogans extolled both Allah and Saparmurat Turkmenbashi the Great .
This was perhaps the crudest attempt to fuse the personality of a dictator with that of God in modern times .
Turkmenbashi had got billions of dollars of Saudi aid after completing the hajj in the Nineties , and had promptly built a mosque with his own name scrawled all over it .
Visible behind the mosque were the hazy Kopet Dag mountains , and behind them , Iran , just a couple of dozen miles away .
I imagined that the penalties in Iran for writing one 's own name inside a mosque were not pretty .
Even the pictures of Ayatollahs Khomeini and Khameini , the leader of the Islamic Revolution and his successor , which are everywhere in Iran , are never to be found blasphemously adorning the outside or inside of a mosque , still less would their names be allowed to be inscribed on a mosque interior .
I felt a bit sorry for Salman Rushdie and the Danish artist who drew the infamous Mohamed cartoons – surely Turkmenbashi , when he was still alive , was a far better candidate for a fatwa .
A guard told me the mosque could seat 20,000 worshippers , but when I returned for Friday prayers , 100 were there at most .
The Turkmenbashi Mosque was only one of thousands of monuments that the odious man had dedicated to himself , but it stood out as perhaps the biggest and most obnoxious squandering of money of all .
It had some fairly stiff competition though .
Back in Ashgabat , I took myself off one afternoon to a new museum and library complex that had been built just before Turkmenbashi's death .
Another Vegas - style extravaganza , this featured three marble buildings with golden domes facing onto a courtyard , each with four enormous stone lions roaring from pedestals at the front .
The streets around it were completely deserted , but as I approached the entrance , I saw two Turkmen guys get out of a car and walk up to the complex , taking pictures of the building on their mobile phones .
I went over to say hello to them , and they expressed expletives of amazement at the fact that I was from England .
We spoke in Russian , which most Turkmens speak along with their native , Turkic tongue , in a legacy of the Soviet period .
Murat and Ali turned out to be oil specialists from one of the regional capitals , in town visiting family .
It was the first time they had been to Ashgabat for four years and they had all the marks of the wide - eyed provincial in the big city as they looked in awe at the imposing buildings around them .
Ali was quiet and affable , while Murat would n't stop talking and had a rather unpleasant hectoring tone .
He also turned out to be the first real Turkmenbashi enthusiast I 'd come across .
" This complex was built by our first president , the great Saparmurat Niyazov – Turkmenbashi , " he shouted unnecessarily loudly into my ear .
" Have you heard of him ? "
I refrained from the obvious response that it would have been fairly difficult to have been in Turkmenistan for more than two minutes and not have heard of him , and went for the non-confrontational : " Yes , he seems to have built a lot . "
" Not just built , Shaun .
He also did a lot ; he did so much for the Turkmen people . "
The first floor of the cavernous museum was devoted to gifts that had been given to Turkmenbashi – malachite vases , elaborate timepieces of solid gold , crystal dining sets , enormous carpets .
Murat would call me over every now and then to bellow about a particularly lavish gift , peppering his speech with the Russian expletive pizdets , a vulgar expression of surprise derived from the word for the female genitalia .
" Pizdets , this thing is solid crystal !
Can you believe it ?
Solid !
That 's how great he was , pizdets !
Can you imagine ?
They gave him something of solid pizdets crystal ! "
Who exactly the " they " was for the most part remained a mystery .
Most of the exhibits had a label explaining what it was but not designating the giver , which led me to wonder whether he had n't given most of them to himself .
Especially suspicious were several carpets woven with verses from the Ruhnama and the Turkmen national anthem ( first line : " Turkmenbashi made Turkmenistan great " ) .
Afterwards I went for a beer with Ali and Murat .
The talk moved to the inevitable subject of money .
They asked me how much was the lowest that a skilled worker could expect to be paid per month in England .
I said about £ 1,000 , to keep it on the low side , and reminded them that they had to remember that taxes were higher in England and so were prices .
They looked at each other in amazement .
Then they asked how much rent I paid per month for my apartment in Moscow .
I halved the amount and they were still gobsmacked .
They told me that they earned about £ 100 per month .
This for the employees of a state oil company with higher education and 15 years of specialist experience .
Even though utilities were free and prices in general were low in Turkmenistan , it was still a shockingly low amount of money .
Ali spent his weekends working as a carpenter to make ends meet .
" With that money I have to buy food and clothes for my wife and two kids , " said Murat .
" It 's terrible how we live .
We have no money . "
There was of course a giant elephant storming around the café that I could n't help but mention .
" Murat , " I began , as tactfully as I possibly could .
" What good are all these monuments and fountains , that the government has spent billions of dollars on , if hard - working people like you do n't have enough money to put food on the table for their family ? "
Murat paused for a while .
Then he said : " As Saparmurat Turkmenbashi said , ' He who works hard will have his rewards . ' "
It was unclear whether these rewards would come in a few years , or in the afterlife , but it was fairly obvious they were n't here yet .
I did n't think it was worth probing this logical crevice any further .
Not for the only time in Turkmenistan , I was left wondering if someone had been fully taken in by the years of propaganda they 'd been subjected to , or if they were well aware how messed up the situation was but were trying to persuade me – or themselves – that Turkmenbashi really had been a wise and just leader .
***
I 'm at the departure lounge of the airport , waiting for my less - than - convenient 4.50 am flight back to Istanbul .
Two of the handful of destinations that Turkmenistan Airlines flies to turned out to be Birmingham and Amritsar , and the small , shabby departure area was crammed with around 200 exhausted Sikhs with Midlands accents waiting for their connecting flight .
It 's almost impossible to book tickets on Turkmenistan Airlines – they have no website and are n't bookable at online sites like Expedia .
But a few Birmingham travel agents had apparently got hold of tickets and were selling the Birmingham - Amritsar via Ashgabat route at knock - down prices .
I asked a few of them if they 'd ever heard of Turkmenbashi or knew anything about the country .
" To be honest I 'd never even heard of it until we got the tickets .
I 've got no idea where we are .
Are we somewhere near Russia ? " one of them asked me in a heavy Birmingham accent .
I started telling them about Turkmenbashi , the Ruhnama , the statues , and so on , but they did n't seem to believe me .
Giving an impromptu 4 am lecture on Turkmenbashi's political thought to a group of Brummies in turbans was not how I expected to end my time in Turkmenistan .
But on balance , it was an appropriately surreal way to end my stay in the world 's most bizarre country .
A nation in numbers : Turkmenistan revealed
* Turkmenistan occupies 188,456 square miles , an area slightly larger than California .
* Major languages are Turkmen ( spoken by 79 per cent of the population ) and Russian ( 12 per cent ) .
Nine per cent speak Uzbek .
* Religion : 89 per cent are Muslim .
* Main exports are oil , gas , textiles and raw cotton .
* Life expectancy for men is 59 years , 68 for women .
* Infant mortality rate is 45.36 deaths per 1,000 live births .
* Annexed by Russia between 1865 and 1885 , the country became a Soviet republic in 1924 , called the Turkmen Soviet Socialist Republic .
* Gained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 .
* Large reserves of natural gas , produce roughly 70 billion cubic metres each year , but it has suffered from a lack of adequate export routes .
The economy remains undeveloped and much of the population still lives in poverty .
* The average wage is £ 120 to £ 220 a month .
* The gross domestic product for 2008 was estimated at $ 30.332 billion .
* Currency is the Manat , which subdivides into 100 Tennesi .
Previous president Saparmurat Niyazov appears on the 500 manat ( £ 107 ) note , currently the highest denomination .
* Although official figures place unemployment at five per cent , international organisations estimate it is closer to 50 per cent .
Holly Williams
“ Our conclusion is that if small firms are n’t captured well in the advance GDP data , the economy may be growing less quickly than suggested by the recent official data . ”
>
This certainly comes as no surprise to us :
“ The U.S. government is having a tough time guesstimating how many small businesses failed in this recession , casting doubt on the reliability of vital data on employment and economic growth .
The formula the U.S. Labor Department designed to help it deliver timely , thorough monthly employment reports broke down in the heat of the financial crisis , miscounting the number of jobs by an estimated 824,000 in the year through March .
The most likely culprit is the so - called “ birth - death ” model , which the Labor Department uses to estimate how many companies were created or destroyed .
That model appears to have misjudged how many companies went out of business during the recession , meaning the labor market was even weaker than initially thought when President Barack Obama took office in January .
More recent figures may still be underestimating job losses now , but it will be many months before the Labor Department is certain . . .
Government data has difficulty gauging the health of smaller firms because there are simply too many of them , leaving officials to rely on surveys and models that are hit and miss . ”
In the 1990s , the president of Adelphi University was accused of receiving excessive compensation and forced from office .
Since then , the leaders of American , Towson , Texas Southern and other endowment - poor universities have also crashed to earth after plunging their institutions into turmoil for similar excesses .
Now , charges are swirling over Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken , N.J .
The state attorney general has sued the institute and its president , Harold J. Raveché , accusing him of plundering the endowment and receiving $ 1.8 million in illegal low - interest loans for vacation homes , with half of them later forgiven .
The institute ’s trustees tripled Dr. Raveché ’s salary over a decade , to $ 1.1 million last year , higher than presidential salaries at Harvard , M.I.T. and Princeton , and , the lawsuit says , Stevens used multiple sets of books to hide its deteriorating financial condition .
“ We found extensive misconduct going back years , a pattern of misinformation to the board and misuse of the endowment , ” the attorney general , Anne Milgram , said in an interview this month .
“ Stevens Institute needs real reform . ”
It all started when user Crabmeat posted a picture on reddit.com :
In his kindness , he also offered a link to the original with a request to see what we , the reddit community could do with it :
User Bezzer made some much needed improvements , adding a touch of realism and old - world classiness to the photo :
But the users still felt something just was n’t quite right …
It needed to be sepia , it needed some touch - up work around the paws , the background was n’t quite right , and that wine really needs to be sloshing as the dog is , after all , jumping .
Thus :
Meanwhile , at the http://www.theshaveden.com, my friend Jim suggested some subtle changes :
Does n’t that dog have panache ?
Then , after looking more closely at the original image , I noticed a striking resemblance to a certain Jedi master …
Here he is conducting the Boston Pops :
He had a short run in the movie industry :
Then there was that time he took a walk on the dark side :
That is indeed , one Dandy Dog !
Announcements
There are no current announcements at this time .
Archived announcements
Virtual 3D reconstruction of four deciduous and one permanent teeth assessed for linear , surface , and volumetric tissue proportions .
A. deciduous upper right central incisor ( Ui1 , labial view ) ; B. deciduous lower right lateral incisor ( Li2 , labial view ) ; C. deciduous lower right canine ( Lc , labial view ) ; D. deciduous lower right second molar ( Lm2 , oblique mesio- buccal view ) ; E. permanent lower right first molar ( LM1 , oblique mesio- buccal view ) .
The volumes of the virtually reconstructed teeth are rendered in transparency and each tooth component ( enamel cup , dentine , and pulp chamber ) is shown in a different color .
Scale bar is 1 mm .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
It has long been the common perception that once modern humans appeared more than 50,000 years ago , little has changed in human biology .
As a result , in considerations of the biology of late archaic humans such as the Neandertals , it is common to compare them to living humans and largely ignore the biology of the early modern humans , the ones who were close in time to the Neandertals and other non-modern humans across the Old World .
In this context , an international team of researchers , including Erik Trinkaus , Ph.D. , professor of anthropology in Arts & Sciences at Washington University in St. Louis , has reanalyzed the complete immature dentition ( comprising all of the deciduous and almost all of the permanent teeth ) of a 30,000 year - old - child from the Abrigo do Lagar Velho , Portugal .
Their research was published the week of Jan. 4 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The micro-tomographic ( μCT ) study of the dentition investigated the relative stages of formation of the developing teeth and the proportions of crown enamel , dentin and pulp in the teeth .
The study documented that , for a given stage of development of the cheek teeth , the front teeth were relatively delayed in their degree of formation .
The front teeth show a greater percentage of the total tooth volume with dentin and pulp , meaning the front teeth have proportionately less enamel than among recent humans .
These patterns in the Lagar Velho dentition fit the pattern evident in the preceding Neandertals and they contrast with the ones known for later 12,000 - year - old Pleistocene and living modern humans .
The new analysis of the Lagar Velho child thus joins a growing body of information , from other early modern human fossils in Europe ( from Mladec in the Czech Republic , Pestera cu Oase and Pestera Muierii in Romania and Les Rois in France ) which shows that these " early modern humans " were modern without being " fully modern , " Trinkaus said .
Human anatomical evolution continued after they lived 30,000 to 40,000 years ago .
Explore further Diet , population size and the spread of modern humans into Europe
Remember back when all your friends were buying apartment or houses and kidding themselves that it was an " investment ? "
During the boom , it was n't infrequent for people to buy places smaller than the apartment they had been renting .
Worse , they often wound up paying more in mortgage payments than they had in rent .
Why pay more for less ?
The answer always was something about how owning your a place of your own was an " investment . "
Well , for many Americans it turned out to be a pretty damned lousy investment .
Now Karen
Pence , who runs the household and real estate finance research group , has been explaining to the meeting of the American Economic Association that this was n't just a fluke of the housing boom and bust .
Buying a home is usually a lousy investment .
Here are her five reasons :
1 . It is an indivisible asset .
If you own stocks and bonds and suddenly need a little cash , you can sell some of your stocks or bonds but not all .
With a home , on the other hand , “ you ca n’t just slice off your bathroom and sell it on the market . ”
2 . It is undiversified .
You can buy stocks or bonds in industries or countries all over the world .
A home is a bet on one single neighborhood .
3. Transaction costs are very high when you buy or sell a home because of real estate agent fees , mortgage fees and moving costs .
4 . It is asymmetrically liquid , meaning it ’s easy to get money out when home prices are going up .
( You just take out a bigger mortgage . )
But it ’s hard to take money out when prices are going down because refinancing becomes more difficult .
Put another way , the leverage that you have in your house with a large mortgage means your investment does well in good times but could be lousy in bad times .
5 . It is highly correlated to the job market , meaning that home prices in a neighborhood tend to rise when the job market is improving in the area and fall when the job market is worsening .
This means that your main financial asset provides the smallest cushion to you when you might need it most .
That does n't mean you should never buy .
Under the right circumstances , buying a home can make perfect sense .
But do n't count on it as an " investment , " especially if you might need to access the money you locked up in the house at any particular point in time .
On the short term , that money might not be readily available when you need it .
And in the long term , for instance upon retirement , you might also find a bear market for homes .
Around half of U.S. troop fatalities are caused by blood loss from battlefield injuries .
Now , with another 30,000 troops deploying to Afghanistan , the Pentagon is pushing for medical advances that can save more lives during combat .
The Defense Department 's latest research idea : Stop bleeding injuries by turning pigs into the semi-undead .
If it works out , we humans could be the next ones to be zombified .
Military 's mad-science arm Darpa has awarded $ 9.9 million to the Texas A&M Institute for Preclinical Studies ( TIPS ) , to develop treatments that can extend a " golden period " when injured war fighters have the best chance of coming back from massive blood loss .
Odds of survival plummet after an hour – during combat , that kind of quick evacuation , triage and treatment is often impossible .
The institute 's research will be based on previous Darpa - funded efforts .
One project , at Stanford University , hypothesized that humans could one day mimic the hibernation abilities of squirrels – who emerge from winter months no worse for wear – using a pancreatic enzyme we have in common with the critters .
The other , led by Dr. Mark Roth at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center , used nematode worms and rats to test how hydrogen sulfide could block the body 's ability to use oxygen – creating a kind of " suspended animation " where hearts stop beating and wounds do n't bleed .
After removing 60 percent of the rat 's blood , Dr. Roth managed to keep the critters alive for 10 hours using his hydrogen sulfide cocktail .
The next logical step :
Try the same thing on pigs .
They 've got a similar cardiovascular system to humans , and TIPS researchers Theresa Fossum and Matthew Miller think they can accurately predict human results from the swine trials .
Using anesthetized pigs , the doctors are testing various compounds , some containing hydrogen sulfide , to find one that can safely keep the hemorrhaging animals " as close to death as possible . "
With a 15 - person team working exclusively on the project , the institute anticipates successful results within 18 months .
" Darpa wants this to happen yesterday , because it was needed yesterday , " Dr. Miller told Danger Room .
Once the team comes up with the right elixir , it 'll undergo federally mandated safety testing .
After that , the zombie vaccine will be sent to the battlefield for human application .
Dr. Fossum predicts that each soldier will carry a syringe into combat zones or remote areas , and medic teams will be equipped with several .
A single injection will minimize metabolic needs , de-animating injured troops by shutting down brain and heart function .
Once treatment can be carried out , they 'll be " re-animated " and – hopefully – as good as new .
From rats , to pigs , to troops – to civilians .
Dr. Miller anticipates dozens of medical applications , including the preservation of organs before transplants and suspension of life - threatening emergencies , like heart attacks and strokes .
" Everybody 's talking about the military use of this , and that 's our focus now , " he says .
" But really , this could be much , much bigger than that . "
Photo : The Pug Father / Flickr
To the Editor :
Re “ Resilience , Not Misery , in Coping With Loss ” ( Books , Dec. 29 ) : Dr. Abigail Zuger ’s review of “ The Other Side of Sadness ” implicates Freud and Elisabeth Kübler - Ross as culprits perpetuating misguided ideas about bereavement .
Dr. Zuger ’s repetitive emphasis on “ the grim slog of Freudian grief work ” perplexes me .
In “ Mourning and Melancholia ” ( 1917 ) , Freud describes a psychic mechanism by which people relinquish their emotional attachment to the person who has died and redirect their love toward the self , other people and life .
While Freud believed the grieving process took time and resembled depression , he did not advocate therapeutic intervention in such cases because he did n’t consider bereavement pathological .
It ’s unfortunate that George A. Bonanno ’s intriguing topic is made less accessible by a review that , in maligning Freud , may distract readers from engaging with Dr. Bonanno ’s innovative ideas .
Julie Willstatter
White Plains
Before the Iraq war was launched in March 2003 the world was given the impression by the US and Britain that the goal was to eradicate weapons of mass destruction .
Recent comments by Tony Blair suggest , however , that regime change was the essential aim .
He would have thought it right to remove Saddam Hussein even if he had known that there were no WMD , he said , but he would obviously have had to " deploy " different arguments .
Must we not conclude that the WMD arguments were " deployed " mainly as the best way of selling the war ?
Blair 's comments do not exclude a strong – but mistaken – belief in the existence of WMD even when the invasion was launched .
However , given that hundreds of inspections had found no WMD and important evidence had fallen apart , such a belief would have been based on a lack of critical thinking .
How could the issue of – non-existent – WMD mislead the world for more than 10 years ?
At the end of the Gulf war in 1991 the UN security council ordered Iraq to declare all WMD and destroy them under international supervision .
However , Iraq chose to destroy much material without any inspection , giving rise to suspicions that weapons had been squirrelled away .
These were nurtured by the frequent Iraqi refusals throughout the 90s to let UN inspectors enter sites and by evasive and erroneous responses to inspectors ' inquiries .
What other reason could there have been than to prevent inspectors getting evidence of existing weapons ?
It is possible that Saddam wanted to create the – false – impression that he still had WMD .
What seems more likely to me , however , was a sense of hurt pride , a wish to defy and the knowledge that some of the inspectors worked directly for western intelligence – perhaps even passed information about suitable military targets .
Only in September 2002 , when the US had already moved troops to Kuwait , did Iraq say it was to accept the inspection that the UN demanded .
By that time a new US national security strategy declared that it could take armed ( pre-emptive or preventive ) action without UN authorisation ; many in the Bush administration saw UN involvement as a potential impediment .
Many are convinced that the American and UK military plans moved on autopilot , and the inspections were a charade .
I am sure that many in the Bush team felt that way .
It seems likely that British and American leaders expected that UN inspections would again be obstructed or that Iraqi violation of the draconian new resolution 1441 would persuade the security council to authorise military action to remove the regime .
For my part , I tended to think of the war preparations rather as a train moving slowly to the front and helping to make Iraq co-operative .
If something removed or reduced the weapons issue , the train , I thought , might stop .
For the UK to join the US on an unpredictable UN line was a gamble – and in the end it failed .
Inspections did not turn up any " smoking guns " and gradually undermined some of the evidence that had been invoked .
Iraq became more co-operative and showed no defiance that could prompt the authorising of armed force .
Thus , while the train of war moved on , the UN path pointed less and less to an authorisation of war .
What could the UK have done to avoid this development ?
It could have made a condition of its participation in the enterprise that the movement of the military train be synchronised with the movement on the UN path .
With inspections just starting in the autumn of 2002 the military train should have moved very slowly .
We have heard that Karl Rove had said that the autumn of 2003 was the latest time for invasion .
Why so fast then in 2002 ?
As the then German foreign minister , Joschka Fischer , said : what was the sense of demanding UN inspections for two and a half years and then let them work only for a few months ?
Of course , if regime change – and not WMD – was the main aim , the steady speed becomes logical .
The responsibility for launching the war must be judged against the knowledge that the allies had when they actually started it .
The UK should have recognised that no smoking gun had been found at any time , and that in the months before the invasion evidence of WMD was beginning to unravel .
As we have heard recently : out of 19 Iraqi sites suspected by the UK – and suggested to the UN monitoring , verification and inspection commission for inspection ( Unmovic ) – 10 were actually inspected , and while " interesting " , none turned up any WMD .
This warning that sources were not reliable seems to have been ignored .
Intelligence organisations seem to have been 100 % convinced of the existence of WMD but to have had 0 % knowledge where they were .
Worse still : the uranium contract between Iraq and Niger that George Bush had given prominence in his 2002 state of the union message was found by the International Atomic Energy Agency to be a forgery .
The absence of convincing evidence of WMD did not stop the train to war .
It arrived at the front before the weather got too hot and the soldiers got impatient waiting for action .
The factual reports of the IAEA and Unmovic did , however , have the result that a majority on the security council wanted more inspections and were unconvinced about the existence of WMD .
At the end the UK tried desperately to get some kind of authorisation from the security council as a legal basis for armed action – but failed .
Confirming the fears of Dick Cheney , President Bush 's vice - president , the UN and inspections became an impediment – not to armed action , but to legitimacy .
Unlike the US , the UK and perhaps other members of the alliance were not ready to claim a right to preventive war against Iraq regardless of security council authorisation .
In these circumstances they developed and advanced the argument that the war was authorised by the council under a series of earlier resolutions .
As Condoleezza Rice put it , the alliance action " upheld the authority of the council " .
It was irrelevant to this argument that China , France , Germany and Russia explicitly opposed the action and that a majority on the council declined to give the requested green light for the armed action .
If hypocrisy is the compliment that virtue pays to vice then strained legal arguments are the compliments that violators of UN rules pay to the UN charter .
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer which spread Former Wales international footballer John Hartson has spoken of his relief at being told cancer has been " virtually eradicated " from his body .
The ex-Arsenal and Celtic striker was diagnosed in July with testicular cancer that had spread to his brain .
He was admitted to hospital in his home city of Swansea , where he was told the disease had also spread to his lungs .
Hartson , 34 , said : " I 'm not out of the woods yet , though this is my brightest day for a long time . "
The footballer underwent emergency surgery after he was diagnosed with cancer and at one stage he was given a " 50 - 50 chance " of surviving .
He went home from hospital in Swansea in August after completing the first phase of his chemotherapy treatment .
We 've all been through so much and to get the news from the doctors that the cancer is going from me is fantastic
John Hartson
His agent Mark Brodie released a statement saying the cancer had been " virtually eradicated " .
However , he said the footballer , who went on to become a TV pundit , still has an " arduous journey ahead to complete recovery " and requires extensive surgery to remove " abnormal masses " in his lung and brain over the forthcoming months .
But Hartson said the latest news is a huge boost .
" We 've all been through so much and to get the news from the doctors that the cancer is going from me is fantastic , " he said .
" I would like to thank every single person that has taken the time to either write to me , phone me or leave a message online , your ongoing support is helping me through the battle of my life and is keeping Sarah and the kids upbeat in such terrifying circumstances .
" I 'm not out of the woods yet , though this is my brightest day for a long time . "
He said well - wishers including cyclist and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong , and Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger , had kept him fighting .
' Turn back clock '
Hartson told BBC
Wales last month that he wished he could turn the clock back four years and act as soon as he found a lump .
" From the first minute I felt a lump in my testicle I would be in the doctors , " he said .
" You 're never too busy are you - there 's no excuses , I should have gone and had it checked out .
" I would n't have gone through all the rigmarole I 've gone through possibly , the operations and everything else .
" I think I 'd have had it nipped in the bud , avoided lots of chemo and operations . "
He now wants to use his public profile to highlight the need for self - checking .
He hopes to get back into football once his treatment is completed and he has all the necessary coaching badges to enable him to resume his career once he is well enough .
He is also looking forward to the birth of his fourth child - his second with partner Sarah McManus , whom he plans to marry .
He already has two other children from a previous relationship .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Description : Looks like Nikkila is in one of those moods again , ie causing havoc in her local town using nothing but her boobs ( and her love of showing them off ) .
Views : 309738 Date : November 23 , 2009 Favorited : 60
It 's not easy running a one - of - a- kind piece of equipment that has already accelerated particles to energies never before achieved .
If there 's not some over - ambitious bird dropping a baguette into the wiring , there 's always the chance for a good , old - fashioned hardware failure .
That seems to have been the case early this morning , Geneva time , when one of the high - powered lines feeding parts of the LHC failed .
Fortunately , the liquid helium coolant was unaffected , so operations should pick back up quickly .
Word of the latest problems is just filtering out now ; the first acknowledgment I 've seen from anyone involved in the project came via the US - based LHC community 's Twitter feed .
In a tweet from roughly 3 pm US Eastern time , the US LHC group acknowledged the failure , said that power had already been restored , and confirmed that the cryogenic system has n't been affected .
But the failure was first recognized in near real - time , via a process that reveals just how much the public has taken a fancy to a 27 km tunnel .
It turns out that there 's a private fan site for following the LHC 's progress called the LHC portal .
The members of its forum apparently tracked the power cut as various parts of the CERN website disappeared off the Internet , and gradually pieced together the scope of the power cut , eventually finding a PowerPoint with the images of the failed equipment shown here .
In any case , backup power seems to have kicked in reasonably quickly , and the operating temperature does n't seem to have registered the failure .
It 's not possible to keep proton beams circulating under those conditions , and the power cut took out a smaller linear accelerator used to bring particles up to speed prior to injection into the main loop .
However , given that the operators were able to get protons up to record energies in a fairly short time , this does n't appear to be much more than a small speed bump .
Street View , by Google Maps , is a virtual representation of our surroundings on Google Maps , consisting of millions of panoramic images .
Street View ’s content comes from two sources - Google and contributors .
Through our collective efforts , we enable people everywhere to virtually explore the world .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
This entry was posted on December 8 , 2009 .
It was filed under All About Nothing .
Jumping games are obstacle course games for people with quick reflexes .
Take a running start and then propel yourself upward with as much strength as you can .
Use a trampoline to perform really high jumps .
Run across platforms and throw yourself onto the next one .
Before you sprint to the finish line , you will have to pull off some impressive athletic feats to make it there .
If you do n't want your stickman to hurt themselves , you can always get on a horse and jump over hedges .
Jumping is a simple , yet fun activity people love to engage in when they 're having fun .
Leaping into the air from joy or excitement is common among lottery winners , newly engaged couples and gold medal athletes .
Luckily you can also just enjoy jumping for its own sake in these games , which let you travel across chasms or over obstacles simply by moving upward at the right point in time .
As one of the first big video game genres the jump 'n ' run revolved around maneuvering your character through a level by using well - timed jumps .
All of our cool jumping games are free and can be played online .
All you need is the time and skill to practice avoiding falling to your doom .
Dennis Kucinich
Infowars
December 5 , 2009
Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich .
WASHINGTON – December 3 – Following a speech on the Floor of the House of Representative , Congressman Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) made the following statement :
“ America is in the fight of its life and that fight is not in Afghanistan — its here .
We are deeply in debt .
Our GDP is down .
Our manufacturing is down .
Our savings are down .
The value of the dollar is down .
Our trade deficit is up .
Business failures are up .
Bankruptcies are up .
“ The war is a threat to our national security .
We ’ll spend over one $ 100 billion next year to bomb a nation of poor people while we reenergize the Taliban , destabilize Pakistan , deplete our army and put more of our soldiers ’ lives on the line .
Meanwhile , back here in the USA , 15 million people are out of work .
People are losing their jobs , their health care , their savings , their investments , and their retirement security .
$ 13 trillion in bailouts for Wall Street , trillions for war ; when are we going to start taking care of things here at home ? ”
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
ISTANBUL  Fethiye Cetin recalled the day her identity shattered .
She was a young law student when her beloved maternal grandmother , Seher , took her aside and told her a secret she had hidden for 60 years : that Seher was born a Christian Armenian with the name Heranus and had been saved from a death march by a Turkish officer , who snatched her from her mother ’s arms in 1915 and raised her as Turkish and Muslim .
Ms. Cetin ’s grandmother , whose parents later turned out to have escaped to New York , was just one of many Armenian children who were kidnapped and adopted by Turkish families during the Armenian genocide , the mass killing of more than a million Armenians by the Ottoman Turks between 1915 and 1918 .
These survivors were sometimes called “ the leftovers of the sword . ”
“ I was in a state of shock for a long time  I suddenly saw the world through different eyes , ” said Ms. Cetin , now 60 .
“ I had grown up thinking of myself as a Turkish Muslim , not an Armenian .
There had been nothing in the history books about the massacre of a people that had been erased from Turkey ’s collective memory .
Like my grandmother , many had buried their identity  and the horrors they had seen  deep inside of them . ”
Now , however , Ms. Cetin , a prominent advocate for the estimated 50,000 - member Armenian - Turkish community here and one of the country ’s leading human rights lawyers , believes a seminal moment has arrived in which Turkey and Armenia can finally confront the ghosts of history and possibly even overcome one of the world ’s most enduring and bitter rivalries .
The US military ’s new all - terrain vehicle does n’t look all that different from its lumbering predecessor .
It ’s painted desert sand , and reaching the cabin still means climbing a couple of steps .
On Afghanistan ’s rough dirt roads , however , the new $ 500,000 to $ 1 million Mine Resistant Ambush Protected All Terrain Vehicle is a major improvement over the massive Mine Resistant Ambush Protected ( MRAP ) vehicle it ’s replacing , soldiers say .
The M - ATV is tailored to Afghanistan , at least parts of it , and the Pentagon is sending about 5,000 of them to the battlefield .
For soldiers who ’d grown accustomed to bruising trips through rural Afghanistan , their first M - ATVs , which have just been introduced in the field , were an early Christmas present .
Seemingly without effort , the vehicles climb mountains at angles that approach 45 degrees , and they glide across the country ’s rocky roads .
In the cities , the M - ATV ’s lighter frame can make sharp turns and maneuver through Afghanistan ’s lawless traffic much better than the hulking MRAP can .
Introduced in 2007 , the MRAP was the Army ’s answer to the Iraqi insurgency ’s deadliest weapon , the improvised explosive device .
What worked in Iraq has n’t worked as well in Afghanistan , however .
10,000 pounds lighter
Iraq has a network of smooth roads on flat terrain .
In Afghanistan , most roads are paths of rocks and dirt , and the MRAP is ill suited for navigating its mountainous environments .
The MRAP ’s 36,000 pounds – more than 10,000 pounds heavier than the M - ATV – have given drivers headaches as they figure out how to maneuver around tight corners and up large hills .
Worse , McClatchy reported last month that Afghan insurgents had found vulnerabilities in the MRAP , attacking convoys with explosive charges that punched projectiles through the vehicle ’s hull .
IEDs have caused more than 60 percent of the coalition fatalities from hostilities in Afghanistan so far this year .
According to iCasualties.org , a Web site that tracks casualties in Iraq and Afghanistan , IEDs have killed 266 US and coalition troops so far this year , more than triple the number two years ago .
The military says the new M - ATV ’s lower weight wo n’t mean less protection .
Like the MRAP , the M - ATV ’s hull is V - shaped to deflect explosions from the vehicle ’s crew , but the military is withholding further details of the M - ATV ’s counter - IED capabilities .
“ It gives us the same protection as the MRAPs , ” said Lt. Col.
Michael Fordham , a reservist from outside Savannah , Ga. , and the executive officer of the Georgia Army National Guard ’s 48th Brigade .
One of the M - ATV ’s major advantages is that unlike the MRAP , it is n’t confined to Afghanistan ’s few heavy - duty roads , a limitation that helped insurgents know where to plant IEDs .
However , the steep mountains of eastern Afghanistan and the orchards and deep irrigation ditches in parts of the south will limit even the 12.5 - ton M-ATV ’s movements .
Moreover , it ’s not safe to assume that insurgents who ’ve devised ways to destroy the heavier MRAP wo n’t in time also figure out how to disable or destroy the smaller M - ATV .
Nevertheless , the military ’s efforts to counter roadside bombs undoubtedly have come a long way since 2003 , when US troops invaded Iraq with paper - thin Humvees .
Chief Warrant Officer 3 Thomas Shedd , a Georgia guardsmen from Macon , in calculating the $ 400,000 life insurance policy the Army provides for all of its deploying soldiers , rationalized the cost of the M - ATV this way : “ If four soldiers walk out of that vehicle , you just bought two ” M - ATVs .
Smoother ride
For soldiers , the M - ATV offers other huge advantages over the MRAP , starting with its ride over rutted roads .
The Wisconsin - based Oshkosh Corp. , which makes the M - ATVs , built in an independent suspension system , unlike the MRAP ’s solid front axle , which links both wheels .
If the M - ATV ’s right front tire hits a rock , for example , it responds independently of the left tire .
The rock might trip one wheel , but it wo n’t turn the entire axle one way or the other .
The M - ATV “ keeps you from beating the hell out of your soldiers , ” said 1st Lt. Chris Stewart of Alma , Ga . “ A 12 - hour drive in an MRAP beats your soldiers to death . ”
The excitement among the Georgia National Guardsmen about their new vehicles , which were lined up at Bagram Air Base when the guardsmen arrived Sunday in a convoy , probably was born out of frustration with the MRAP .
The M - ATV ’s dashboard is user - friendly , and radio signals come in as clearly as a telephone conversation does .
“ Most of the switches in the M - ATVs are easy to reach , ” said Spc. Chris Vaughn of Nashville , Ga . “ The commander has access to all communications . ”
“ Most military vehicles are designed for someone 5 ’ - 6 ” , 5 ’ - 7 ” , ” said Sgt. Rodriguez Kegler of Albany , Ga .
“ This is the first vehicle for someone 6 foot like me . ”
( Thomas Day reports for The Telegraph in Macon , Ga. )
MORE FROM MCCLATCHY
Afghan insurgents learn to destroy key U.S. armored vehicle
In Russia , foreboding about America ’s war in Afghanistan
Turmoil in Pakistan threatens Obama ’s new Afghan strategy
OTTAWA– Prime Minister Stephen Harper is suspending Parliament until March 3 , when it will reopen with a new speech from the throne setting out the Conservative government 's next agenda .
Dimitri Soudas , a spokesman in the Prime Minister 's Office , indicated that Harper spoke with Gov. - Gen. Michaelle Jean by telephone and she agreed to the suspension .
The day after the next session of Parliament begins in March , the government will table its 2010 budget , Soudas told the media in a hastily - arranged telephone press conference .
Harper did not speak to the media about the decision to schedule a new session of Parliament .
Soudas said that , with the recession easing , now " is the time to engage with constituents , stakeholders and businesses in order to listen to Canadians , identify priorities and to set the next stage of our agenda . "
He said in March the government will move forward with the economic plan it outlined in the 2009 budget , which calls for a continuation of spending in 2010 to stimulate the economy .
But Finance Minister Jim Flaherty will also use the March budget to talk about how the government plans to turn off the federal spending tap after 2010 in hopes of rebalancing Ottawa 's books .
The deficit for the 2009 - 10 fiscal year is expected to hit a record $ 56 billion .
The government is also suspending Parliament because national attention will be largely focused on the Vancouver Olympics in February and to give Harper an opportunity to appoint more Conservative Senators to give his party more clout in the upper chamber .
By filling all five open seats with Conservatives , the party would outnumber Liberals in the Senate , curbing Liberal Senator 's ability to delay government legislation .
Most pending legislation will die with the prorogation , and Parliamentary committees are disbanded .
Soudas denied the Conservatives are closing down Parliament to keep the House of Commons foreign affairs committee from continuing its high - profile investigation of allegations that the government kept handing Afghan prisoners over to Afghan authorities even though Canadian officials were aware of the risk of the prisoners being tortured .
Liberal House Leader Ralph Goodale called the move " a shocking insult to democracy . "
And NDP Leader Jack Layton accused Harper of trying to avoid accountability on climate change , pension reform and Afghanistan .
" You 've got a serious democratic deficit in addition to a whopping economic deficit , " he told The Canadian Press .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
With files from The Canadian Press
Read more about :
Every time that a colored square appeared on the monitor in front of me , I braced for pain .
Early into the 10 - minute session as a subject of this experiment , I learned that about half of the times that I saw that square , I received a low - voltage shock , via a bar strapped to my right wrist .
I also learned that every time I saw a square of a different , " good " color , I could momentarily breathe easy .
But in the second day 's session , as I watched the squares appear in random order , no shocks punctuated either the " bad " or " good " colors .
After several minutes I started to relax .
The researcher conducting this fear conditioning experiment at New York University 's Department of Psychology , David Bosch , was monitoring my fear responses .
Changes in how much I was sweating , which he gauged by measuring the electrical conductance of the skin on my left middle finger , indicated my fear level .
On the first day I was conditioned , like Pavlov 's dog , to sweat at the sight of the " bad " color .
But that response faded over the course of the second , shock - free session as my fear was " extinguished , " a process known as extinction .
As Bosch explains , " extinction is learning a new contingency . "
" You 've created a second memory , with extinction , that competes with the first , " says Elizabeth Phelps , director of the lab in which Bosch is conducting his study .
But this original memory is very difficult to supplant because , as Phelps explains , it is stored in an almond - shaped region of the brain , the amygdala , which responds to emotional stimuli .
Even after time goes by , when people are reminded of a stimulus that they once associated with fear , the fearful memory gets conjured before the non-fearful one .
But perhaps the fear can be shaken once and for all .
A recent study led by Phelps found that reminding people of the fearful stimuli , minus any fear - inducing event , shortly before the extinction session can effectively block the first memory .
The finding could help improve therapies for overcoming fear .
In this study , published in the December 10 issue of Nature , researchers conditioned 65 participants to fear a " bad " color square the first day and then extinguished their fear the next day , just as in Bosch 's study .
The scientists waited a day between sessions because it takes hours for a new memory — in this case , the memory of a color being associated with pain — to consolidate in our minds .
Before the extinction session , the researchers gave some of the participants a fear - provoking reminder by showing them the " bad " square , though without the unpleasant shock .
Twenty - three of the participants received the reminder six hours before the session , while 20 were reminded just 10 minutes before the extinction trial .
The rest of the participants did not receive a reminder before the session .
All of the participants were afraid of ( as measured via sweaty fingers ) the " bad " square at the outset of the first extinction session , before the fear subsided .
The extinction trial was repeated on the third day , and the researchers noticed that at the outset of this second extinction trial , those who had had the shock - free reminder 10 minutes before the session were much less afraid than either the 6 - hour group or the group that did not receive a reminder .
In fact , Phelps 's team followed up one year later with 19 of the original 65 participants and found that fearlessness persisted only among those who had received the reminder 10 minutes before the extinction session .
" To show this lasts a year shows us we are perhaps in a permanent way altering this memory , " Phelps says .
The mechanism for the initial memory 's defeat could be that the initial quick reminder induces the amygdala to store new information , Phelps explains .
The window during which the amygdala is " open " is fleeting , however , and could explain why the reminder shown 10 minutes , but not six hours , before the first extinction session , eradicated fear .
As Phelps notes , relearning a memory , also known as reconsolidation , takes place much faster , within several minutes , than learning the memory for the first time , or consolidation .
Although more research must be done , Phelps says that these findings suggest that " we could time therapeutic intervention at a time when [ patients ] are open to reconsolidation . "
For example , a " reminder " stimulus not associated with fear could be incorporated into counseling within the window of time for reconsolidation .
Current therapies for anxiety patients include extinction sessions , though studies have found that this approach does not always prevent the fear from returning .
Another approach that could help reduce fear , though perhaps not prevent it , is being explored by Bosch , who was not involved in the Nature study .
( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . )
He and his collaborators are studying if there is a difference between meditators and non-meditators in how quickly fear subsides during the extinction session .
People who practice certain types of contemplative practices may be able to more quickly get the better of their fear , even without a reminder stimulus .
For me , a non-meditator and non-recipient of the reminder stimulus , it took at least a few minutes to subdue my anxiety as I awaited the follow - up shocks that never came .
Even though the shocks were more irritating than painful ( not unlike the feeling of tapping your funny bone ) , I am surprised by how indelibly they taught me to fear the color square that was associated with them .
I can still picture the image .
And I bet that I would still feel anxious for a few minutes if I went back for an extinction session a year from now .
[ The exact colors of the squares are being withheld at the researcher 's request because the study is ongoing and depends upon unbiased subjects . ]
Obama Year One : Betrayal and Failure COMMENTARY : Obama Year One : Betrayal and Failure by Stephen Lendman Monday , 21 December 2009
In Obama 's America , only the privileged have rights , not people of color , the poor , and growing numbers going hungry , without jobs , and other life 's essentials his budget allocations wo n't fund .
Promising change after eight George Bush and Republican dominated years , Barack Obama won the most sweeping non-incumbent victory in over 50 years along with congressional Democrats gaining large House and Senate majorities .
In addition , at 56.8 % , voter turnout was the highest since Richard Nixon 's " secret plan " to end the Vietnam war and his " Southern " and " law and order " strategies beat Hubert Humphrey and independent George Wallace in 1968 .
On election night , the mood celebrated hope for progressive change , an end to imperial wars , and a new day for America .
When word came around 10 PM , expectant thousands in Chicago 's Grant Park erupted with chants of " yes we can , " hoping Obama would make a difference at a time of deepening economic duress .
In its November 4 , 2008 editorial titled , " The Next President , " The New York Times called it " one of those moments in history when it is worth pausing to reflect on the basic facts , " then listed some : for the first time , Americans elected a black president ;
his triumph was " decisive and sweeping , because he saw what is wrong with this country , ( and will change direction ) to regulate the economy fairly , keep the air clean and the food safe , ensure that the sick have access to health care , and educate children to compete in a globalized world ; "
he " committed to ending a bloody and pointless ( Afghan ) war ( and ) restore Americans ' civil liberties and ( the nation 's ) reputation around the world ; "
he must now " prevent an economic collapse fed by greed and an orgy of speculation ( by ) impos ( ing ) control , coherence , transparency and fairness , " in contrast to George Bush ; and
he " now needs the support of all Americans ( to help him deal with the ) many other urgent problems that must be addressed . "
Endorsing his candidacy early on for a socially liberal new beginning , Nation magazine editor , Katrina vanden Heuvel , looked for a " transformational presidency , ( a ) new era of possibility , a historic opportunity for a progressive governing agenda and a mandate for bold action .... Tonight we celebrate , " she said .
Campaigning , he offered change , a new course , sweeping government reforms , addressing people needs , and " ensur ( ing ) that the hopes and concerns of average Americans speak louder in Washington than the hallway whispers of high - priced lobbyists , " the same ones he said would n't run his administration , but would " have a seat at the table , " and why not given their large contributions to him and other Democrats .
Little wonder that a year later hope is now disillusion , frustration , and anger over promises made , then broken with an awakening knowledge that change wo n't come unless growing millions demand it .
A Man of the People or Machine Politics Obama rose through the system , a man James Petras calls " the greatest con man in recent history " in comparing him to Melville 's Confidence Man : " He catches your eye while he picks your pocket . "
He talks change but delivers continuity .
He 's a highly skilled demagogue doing Lincoln one better through his campaign and early months in office by fooling enough of the people to matter .
Connected to the fringes of Chicago politics , he served three terms in the Illinois Senate from 1997 - 2004 .
After a failed 2000 congressional race , he became a US senator in 2004 , then used his position for a successful presidential bid .
While " cordial , ( but ) not close " to Richard Daley , he endorsed his reelection , and called his connection to former fundraiser , Antoin " Tony " Rezko , " a bone - headed mistake , " after he was indicted and convicted on federal corruption charges .
Also troubling was his " political godfather , " Emil Jones , Jr. , former Illinois Senate president , who was tainted by an " ethical cloud . "
His chief fundraiser is Penny Pritzker , some describe as America 's most powerful woman and one of the richest as heiress to part of the Pritzker fortune .
Believed over $ 40 billion , most of it is grandfathered in tax - free offshore trusts .
Only the little people pay taxes as a prominent scafflaw once said .
An October 2008 Bloomberg " Power of Penny Pritzker " article stressed the enormous influence she wields in Democrat party circles as a fundraiser extraordinaire , and , according to Warren Buffet , she 's the person to call when you want to " get the job done . "
Bloomberg largely credited her with getting Obama elected and mentioned her connection to the subprime meltdown .
Called by some the " subprime queen , " she was one of its originators when she ran the failed suburban Chicago Hinsdale - based Superior Bank .
With $ 2.3 billion in assets , it was from predatory lending , sloppy bookkeeping , overstating securitized assets , and suspected fraud kept hidden until regulators closed it in July 2001 .
Behind the scenes , Pritzker has clout in the administration without headlines because of her connection to Wall Street and other powerful interests .
The Illusion of " Yes We Can " As a senator , Obama 's voting record told all , that he supports power , not progressive change , but few took the trouble to check it : he backed Homeland Security funding that , like the Patriot Act , violates constitutional rights by centralizing militarized law enforcement under the executive ;
he voted to reauthorize the Patriot Act in July 2005 and did again recently as president ; more on that below ;
In her book " The Twilight of Democracy , " Jennifer Van Bergen said the 2001 act ( still the law ) gives : " tremendous powers to central authorities , undermine (s ) civil liberties , and enable (s ) suppression of opposition .
( It 's the ) mainstay of government oppressive power ( as it ) authorizes and codifies a near - absolute and permanent invasion of ( our ) private lives , sets vast precedents in immigration law .... dissolves .... human rights ( civil liberties , and erects ) a massive law enforcement apparatus ( targeting ) immigrant (s ) and citizen ( s worldwide ) . "
This act alone gives the executive unchecked power , erodes due process , free association , and the right to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures .
It eviscerates fundamental Bill of Rights freedoms , ones Obama voted to sacrifice and does as president by agreeing with Congress to extend three Patriot Act provisions set to expire at year end - to let government operate roving wire taps , search any person 's business , personal , and library records by authorization of a national security letter , and spy on foreign nationals with no known links to terrorist designated groups .
in 2006 , he campaigned for extremist Joe Lieberman over anti-war candidate Ned Lamont ;
despite earlier and current rhetoric , he supports permanent wars and occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan with no withdrawal timetables ;
he advocated adding 100,000 combat troops to the military at a time America has no enemies ;
he 's unreservedly pro-Israel ( a leader James Petras calls " America 's first Jewish president " ) , including continuing the annually supplied billions and latest weapons and technology for its imperial agenda and occupation of Palestine ;
he stayed silent during Operation Cast Lead ; pays disingenuous lip service to the peace process he renounces ; and favors destabilizing Iran , perhaps attacking its nuclear sites , and deposing its leadership in support of the Israeli Lobby and imperial American interests ;
he opposed an amendment capping credit card interest rates at 30 % and still does ; and
he backed George Bush 's " No Child Left Behind " scheme to destroy public education and now has his own .
He supported : medical providers in wrongful injury cases ;
the right of mining companies to strip mine everywhere , including on government lands ;
the Bush administration 's 2005 Energy Policy
Act in spite of critical campaign rhetoric ; it was secretly drafted and provides billions in industry subsidies ;
vastly expanded nuclear power ; lax industry regulation ; billions in subsidies , and numerous other benefits to promote a dangerous technology ;
harmful biofuels production and other agribusiness interests , including global GMO food proliferation , known to harm human health and should be banned ;
privatized healthcare despite the benefits of universal single - payer he rejects as well as real reform ;
free , not fair , trade deals like NAFTA and the WTO ;
the death penalty and America 's prison - industrial complex ; and
repressive immigration legislation targeting Latinos , including militarized borders , police state raids , roundups , imprisonments , and deportations .
He opposed the 2006 Military Commissions
Act but supports military tribunals and preventive detentions for torture prison detainees .
He waffled on CIA interrogation practices and wo n't prosecute offenders .
He voted to expand NSA eavesdropping powers while rhetorically opposing " excessive secrecy , indefinite detention , warrantless wiretapping , and enhanced interrogation techniques like simulated drowning that qualify as torture through any careful measure of the law or appeal to human decency . "
More below that as president he authorized these and other abhorrent practices he disingenuously condemned as a candidate .
He voted to approve rogue Bush administration appointments , including Robert Gates as Defense Secretary , John Negroponte as Director of National Intelligence , and Michael Chertoff as Secretary of Homeland Security .
He backed the 2007 Violent Radicalization and Homegrown Terrorism Prevention Act ( S. 1959 ) , called the " thought crimes " act .
It passed the House but not the Senate .
He opposes impeaching Bush and Cheney or prosecuting all high - level torturers , and overall had a more Republican than Democrat voting record .
It 's unsurprising as on war and peace , Israel / Palestine , Wall Street , and most things business , it 's hard telling the difference .
In the Senate , he earned his bona fides , showed he was " safe , " and once elected has n't disappointed - the powerful , that is , not the people growing increasingly discontented for being betrayed by a leader no different from the rest .
Pre and Post - Inaugural Appointees From transition to his economic , national security , and other high - level team , most are former administration officials - from Wall Street , the military , and other key power centers for continuity , not progressive change he disdains .
The result has been the worst of all possible worlds , including permanent wars , eroded civil liberties and social services , and plundering the nation 's Treasury for Wall Street while ignoring the public interest .
Wall Street 's Financial Coup d'Etat Like his predecessor and previous ones since Ronald Reagan , Obama put a criminal cabal in charge of furthering the greatest wealth transfer in history - from the public to the top 1 % , unfettered by rules , regulations , the law , or onerous taxes .
It 's designed to keep offshoring high - paying jobs , wipe out the middle class , hollow out America , turn it into Guatemala , centralize power , end social services , destroy communities and local infrastructure , and leave poverty , unemployment , homelessness , hunger , a permanent underclass , and despair in its wake under militarized tyranny for enforcement .
From her experience as a high - level Washington / Wall Street insider , Catherine Austin Fitts describes the process that : " Engineered a ( 1990s ) fraudulent housing and debt bubble , " continued under Obama with a planned larger than ever one planned ; more on that below ;
" Illegally shifted vast amounts of capital out of the US , " a process still ongoing ; and
" Used ' privatization ' as a form of piracy - a pretext to move government assets to private investors at below - market prices and then shift private liabilities back to government at no cost to the private liability holder . "
Engineered globally , it 's a government - business cabal to create housing , debt , and other bubbles , substitute new ones for old , and manipulate markets up or down for enormous profits .
It involves pump and dump schemes , naked short selling , and various other ways to suck wealth from the many to the few so cleverly that few know what 's happening , or when they do it 's too late .
From the wreckage comes proposed financial reform , but watch out .
It 's for a new global monetary control scheme under a Financial Stability Board ( FSB ) , working cooperatively with the secretive Bank for International Settlements ( BIS ) , the Basel , Switzerland - based central bank for central bankers run by the monetary authorities of six dominant nations - America , Germany , Switzerland , Italy , Japan , and Britain .
If established , it 's the next , perhaps final , step toward ruling elite control of the world 's money - their long sought holy grail to complete their coup d'etat triumph over all humanity , with Obama facilitating the process in defiance of the public interest he abandoned on day one as president .
Democracy for the Few , not the Many More than ever , American democracy is bogus under a police state apparatus sacrificing civil liberties in the name of national security .
Included are : an array of pre and post - 9/11 anti-terrorist measures ;
decades of illegal surveillance of individuals and activist groups , more virulent and sophisticated than ever under Obama ;
a war on free expression , dissent , and constitutional freedoms , using the courts to enforce repression , especially since the 1996 Antiterrorism and Effective Penalty
Act with its eased surveillance restrictions and draconian death penalty and habeas - stripping provisions ; it smoothed passage of the 2001 Patriot Act and other repressive measures that followed ;
alone , the Patriot Act erodes Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments due process rights by permitting indefinite detentions ; the First Amendment 's freedom of association , Fourth Amendment 's right to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures , and more .
Secret Surveillance and Threatened Cybersecurity Tyranny Obama usurped unchecked surveillance powers , including warrantless wiretapping , accessing personal records , monitoring financial transactions , and tracking emails , Internet and cell phone use to gather secret evidence for prosecutions .
In addition , his Justice Department claims the federal government can't be sued for illegal spying , an interpretation no member of Congress or administration ever made , not even George Bush or his Republican allies .
In March , Obama 's DHS cybersecurity head , Rod Beckstrom , resigned over NSA 's greater role in guarding government computer systems , its concentrated power with no checks or balances , and the continuation of Bush 's illegal warrantless wiretapping called secret and not reviewable by courts for reasons of national security .
Under Obama , NSA partnered with the Justice Department , DHS , FBI , CIA , and the nation 's other spy agencies as a collective big brother targeting political dissidents using police state authority against anti-war protestors , environmental and other activists , Muslims , Latino immigrants , and lawyers who defend them .
Privacy is no longer possible as potentially everyone and everything is surveilled , including : all financial transactions and records ;
every check written ;
every credit card or other electronic purchase ;
all publications subscribed to ;
our complete medical history ;
every plane , train , bus or ship itinerary , especially in or out of the country ;
our phone records and conversations ; and
every computer key stroke .
Our entire private space is now public if spy snoops decide to invade it .
Cybersecurity Legislation that Threatens a Free and Open Internet In April , the 2009 Cybersecutity Act ( S 773 ) and companion legislation ( S 778 ) to establish a cybersecurity czar were introduced in the Senate , purportedly to protect against cyber espionage or attacks that might cripple critical infrastructure and comprise national security .
Do n't believe it .
If enacted in original or redrafted form , they 'll give Washington unprecedented power over the Internet by : federalizing critical infrastructure security , including banks , telecommunications and energy , then shifting power from providers to Washington ;
giving the president carte blanche authority to shut down Internet traffic in an emergency for reasons of national security ; and
potentially crippling privacy as well as security by order of the executive alone , regardless of constitutional protections .
Political Persecution Under Obama
He declared war on Islam , Latino immigrations , animal and environmental rights activists , anyone challenging state power , and civil rights lawyers who defend them too vigorously .
Using familiar police state tactics , Muslims especially have been persecuted for their faith , ethnicity , prominence , activism , and charity .
They 've been singled out , rounded up , held in detention , kept in isolation , denied bail , restricted in their right to counsel , entrapped by paid informants , tried on secret evidence , convicted on bogus changes , given long sentences , then incarcerated for extra harsh treatment as political prisoners in segregated Communication Management Units ( CMUs ) .
They violate US Prison Bureau regulations stating : " staff shall not discriminate against inmates on the basis of race , religion , national origin , sex , disability , or political belief ( including ) administrative decisions ( involving ) access to work , housing and program . "
Also , the Supreme Court 's February 2005 Johnson v. California decision , ruling that segregating prisoners by race , ethnicity or language is illegal .
The practice began under George Bush and continues unchanged under Obama .
So does the war on Latino immigrants , undocumented ones here because NAFTA and WTO rules destroyed their livelihoods at home , forcing them North for jobs to support their families .
As a sweeping anti-terrorism bill , the November 2002 Homeland Security Act ( HSA ) created the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , giving Washington repressive police state powers used vigorously thereafter .
In March 2003 , its largest investigative and enforcement arm was established - the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency ( ICE ) .
Along with Muslims , Latinos are its prime targets , using militarized unconstitutional tactics against vulnerable , defenseless people who 've been persecuted ever since .
Like his predecessor , Obama 's shock troops target them at the border , at work sites , and in their homes .
Using goon - squad tactics , they 're illegally confronted with shotguns , automatic weapons , and seized without warrants or explanation , then held for prosecution , imprisonment or deportation with no acknowledgement of their rights .
Innocent as well as undocumented Latinos are arrested , including their families , often by pre-dawn swat - like private home intrusions .
In August , Obama announced stepped up immigration enforcement through more centralized control for better ways to track , process , incarcerate , and / or deport growing numbers of undocumented immigrants - not treat them humanely as international law and DHS / ICE regulations stipulate .
In this and numerous other ways , Obama is doing Bush one better by exceeding his harshness , lawlessness , and betrayal of the public trust .
Against Latinos , it 's through aggressive immigration enforcement with planned legislation coming to include a temporary guest worker program so employers can exploit them as serfs , much like the 1942 - 1964 Bracero Program under which millions of Mexican migrant farm workers had no rights , were harassed and oppressed , then deported when no longer needed .
In Obama 's America , only the privileged have rights , not people of color , the poor , and growing numbers going hungry , without jobs , and other life 's essentials his budget allocations wo n't fund .
Part II will conclude Obama Year One : Betrayal and Failure .
Stephen Lendman is a Research Associate of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
He lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net .
Also visit his blog site at sjlendman .
blogspot.com and listen to The Global Research News Hour on RepublicBroadcasting.org Mondays from 11 AM to 1 PM US Central time for cutting - edge discussions with distinguished guests on world and national topics .
All programs are archived for easy listening .
Mr. Lendman 's stories are republished in the Baltimore Chronicle with permission of the author .
Copyright © 2009 The Baltimore News Network .
All rights reserved .
Republication or redistribution of Baltimore Chronicle content is expressly prohibited without their prior written consent .
Baltimore News Network , Inc. , sponsor of this web site , is a nonprofit organization and does not make political endorsements .
The opinions expressed in stories posted on this web site are the authors ' own .
This story was published on December 21 , 2009 .
This story was published on December 21 , 2009 .
The Sexbots are coming , and we will cum with them .
Three times a week or whatever our physician / longevity coach recommends .
Because orgasms — particularly the hormone - exploding O’s we ’ll enjoy with carnal cyborgs — are excellent for our mental and physical health .
Remember the most convulsive , brain - ripping climax you ever had ?
The one that left you with " I could die happy now " satiety ?
Sexbots will electrocute our flesh with climaxes twice as gigantic because they ’ll be more desirable , patient , eager , and altruistic than their meat - bag competition , plus they ’ll be uploaded with supreme sex-skills from millennia of erotic manuals , archives and academic experiments , and their anatomy will feature sexplosive devices .
Sexbots will heighten our ecstasy until we have frothy , shrieking , bug - eyed , amnesia - inducing orgasms .
They ’ll offer us split - tongued cunnilingus , open - throat fellatio , deliriously gentle kissing , transcendent nipple tweaking , g - spot massage & prostate milking dexterity , plus 2,000 varieties of coital rhythm with scented lubes — this will all be ours when the Sexbots arrive .
When will they get here ?
Henrik Christensen , founder of the European Robotics Research Network , predicts we ’ll be boinkin ’ ‘ bots by 2011 .
Dr. David Levy , author of the recent book , Love and Sex with Robots , believes by 2050 these robots will be nearly indistinguishable from humans .
So — is this perverted or valuable ?
Here ’s my medical analysis :
Orgasms reduce stress , insomnia , heart attacks , migraines , depression , addictions , aches , pains , menstrual cramps , endometriosis , type - 2 diabetes , cervical & urinary tract infections , and risk of prostate cancer , plus they improve the immune system , heart rate , blood pressure , brain chemistry , skin health , pelvic floor strength , and they clean out carcinogenic toxins .
Celebrity Dr. Michael Roizen , founder of RealAge.com , frequent Oprah guest and chair of Cleveland Clinic ’s Wellness Institute , claims 4 - 8 years of additional life can be garnered if we have 350 - 700 orgasms per year .
( A stiff challenge , but fun to pursue )
Other studies report 2 - 3 orgasms per week can make us look 7 - 12 years younger .
Orgasms flood our flesh with healthy hormones ( oxytocin , DHEA & others ) .
Dedicated Sexbots with inexhaustible stamina can give us bigger O’s than forgetful , fatigued , self - concerned humans , and Big Orgasms = Big Benefits .
Longevity seekers eat fiber , exercise & play Sodoku .
Boosting orgasm rapture & quantity is equally valid .
Are Sexbots icky ?
Are humans pathetic if we do n’t just mate with each other ?
Truth is , we ’re already mostly " solo " when it comes to orgasms .
" Masturbation , " noted Hungarian psychiatrist Thomas Szasz , " is the primary sexual activity … in the 19th century it was a disease , in the 20th it ’s a cure . "
Sure , we generally prefer sex with live partners , but the desired one is often unavailable or inadequate .
Sexbots will never have headaches , fatigue , impotence , premature ejaculation , pubic lice , disinterest , menstrual blood , jock strap itch , yeast infections , genital warts , AIDS / HIV , herpes , silly expectations , or inhibiting phobias .
Sexbots will never stalk us , rape us , diss us on their blog , weep when we dump them , or tell their friends we were boring in bed .
Sexbots will always climax when we climax if we press that little button on their butt .
Cinema has already depicted very desirable stars as Sexbots — a " mecha gigilo " ( Jude Law in " A.I. " ) and a " pleasure model " ( Daryl Hannah in Blade Runner ) .
Now tech is getting close to producing mainstream sexbots .
" First Android " in Germany offers male & female models that breathe , are warm , and have heartbeats that thump louder with sex .
In Toronto , inventor Le Trung has fashioned " Aiko " — he claims she ’s not for sex , but she can have an orgasm , her name translates as " love child " and her measurements are 32 " 23 " 33 " .
Japan has Repliee Q1 Expo , who flutters her eyelids and moves her hands .
Male sex robots are lagging in development , but … vibrator sales are buzzing , dildo sales point skyward , and my prediction is that male Sexbot sales will rival female in the upcoming years .
More predictions : Sexbots with this option : do we want eye contact , or not ?
Sexbots that shower after we use them and put themselves back in the closet .
Sexbots available in hotels , cruise ships , vacation homes , and convalescent hospitals .
Sexbot booths in liquor stores that wipe out corner prostitution .
Sexbots that are delicious when you lick them .
Sexbot Packages for sorority parties , military camps , prisons .
Parents buy their adolescent children Sexbots for Christmas to assist them in their passage through puberty .
Gyms offer soundproof chambers where you work out with 15 minutes of XTreme Sexbot Cardio .
Sexbots that can tell you ten million jokes , because laughing also adds years to your life .
Hollywood Sexbots with Vietnam vets buying the " Full Metal Jacket " model that says , " Me so horny !
Me love you long time . "
Sexbot Teachers for humans who are shy and clumsy when naked ; we practice with sexbots before exposing our new techniques to critical humans .
Sexbots will always climax when we climax if we press that little button on their butt .
Yes , I believe we ’ll still have sex with people .
I also believe we ’ll only love & marry humans because we ’ll still need partners that share the " human condition " — smart & vain , but scheduled to die , have horrible emotions , and make stupid mistakes .
Longevity studies indicate long , gentle , happy marriages add seven years to your life , equal to the Big O benefits .
Sure , the marriage bed might change when Sexbots arrive , and human couples can buy a Sexbot if they want an easy menage a trois .
Even with lust directed elsewhere , people will still partner because they share hobbies , goals , verbal intimacy , family - building , commercial , intellectual and investment ambitions .
I disagree with Dr. Levy ( the author mentioned above ) who portrays and condones a future that has humans falling in love and marrying robots .
Call me old - fashion … call me a " slaver " I want Sexbots as our servants , not equals .
If UnFriendly AI appears , we do n’t want humans betraying us because they ’re emotionally tied to their android .
I do n’t want Sexbots to inherit property , have bank accounts , or form parental bonds with our children .
My advice is to program Sexbots to thwart non-sexual human affection by installing them with these verbal rejections :
" I do n’t love you ; you ’re not my model "
" Stop cuddling me , your time ’s up "
" Get a human if you want a relationship ; I ’m just a fucking machine "
When robots are half - human and humans are half - robot , love between us will be acceptable , but not until then .
POLL : Layoffs Take Heavy Emotional Toll
Three in 10 say they or someone in their house has lost a job in the past year .
Nov. 22 , 2009  --
When the pink slip comes , trouble follows – financial , but emotional as well .
Three in 10 Americans in the latest ABC News / Washington Post poll say they or someone in their household has lost a job in the past year -- a new high .
And the impacts can be devastating : Beyond financial hardship , large numbers report anger , stress and depression as a result .
Click here for PDF with charts and questionnaire .
Given the state of the economy – 10.2 percent unemployment , 17.5 percent including those who 've given up looking – " surprise " is the least common reaction measured in this survey .
Nonetheless , more than half of those who report a layoff in their household , 52 percent , were surprised by it .
Other emotional responses range higher : Nearly all – 90 percent – report personal stress as a result of the layoff .
Sixty - two percent , anger .
And 58 percent , depression .
As percentages of the full population , those compute to 27 percent of all Americans with stress , 19 percent angry and 17 percent suffering depression in response to the loss of a job .
There 's also , of course , financial hardship :
Among those who 've sustained a job loss in the household , 86 percent report money trouble , and 62 percent say it 's been serious .
RE-HIRE –
There are some positive ( or at least less negative ) outcomes : Among people who report a job loss in the last year , just fewer than four in 10 say the person who'd been axed has been able to find a new job .
The flipside :
Of them , 51 percent say it 's for less pay .
Just 15 percent report finding a better - paying job ; the remaining third lined up new work for about the same money .
When new jobs are unavailable , the pain is especially severe : Depression soars to 70 percent among people laid off and still out of work , compared with 40 percent of those who 've lost one job but found another .
Experiencing a " great deal " of financial hardship , naturally , also soars among those who have n't found another job .
So does pessimism about the economy 's future .
Signs of Economic Recovery
RECOVERY ? – Even if it has n't yet reached the job market , some Americans report signs of a recovery ; 44 percent say their own experience indicates the economy has begun to improve .
But 54 percent see no such signs ; that peaks at 69 percent of those who've had someone in their household laid off and still out of work .
Among those who 've yet to see signs of recovery , moreover , " hopeful " is not the word of the day :
More than three - quarters in this group expect it to be more than a year before the economy begins to recover .
A mere 4 percent expect recovery in the next few months .
Economic assessments , to be sure , are informed to a significant extent by partisan and ideological differences .
Fifty - seven percent of Democrats say the economy 's begun to recover ; that drops to 44 percent of independents and just 28 percent of Republicans .
The range , likewise , is from 56 percent of liberals to just three in 10 conservatives .
And economic optimism is 39 points higher among those who approve of President Obama 's handling of the economy than among those who disapprove , 64 percent vs. 25 percent .
UNHAPPY SURPRISE – Surprise at losing a job is another factor in emotional responses and financial pain alike .
As noted , among people who report a job loss in their household , 52 percent were surprised by it .
These people are much more likely than those who saw it coming to be angry about the job loss .
They 're also more apt , albeit moderately so , to be stressed , depressed , and to have a great deal of financial hardship .
INCOME / INSURANCE – Results of this survey mark the uneven distribution of household job losses .
The greatest differentiation by far is by income , with the loss of a job in the last year twice as likely to have hit lower - income than higher - income families .
Among people with family incomes greater than $ 100,000 a year , 16 percent report a job loss in their household .
Among those with incomes less than $ 50,000 , this soars to 37 percent .
A final result underscores the stress and financial hardship layoffs can bring – and ties into the current health care debate as well .
Among Americans who have not been hit by a job loss in their household , 11 percent do n't have health insurance .
But among the three in 10 who have had a job loss , the lack of health insurance spikes , to 25 percent .
METHODOLOGY – This ABC News / Washington
Post poll was conducted by telephone Nov. 12-15 , 2009 , among a random national sample of 1,001 adults , including landline and cell - phone - only respondents .
Results for the full sample have a 3.5 - point error margin .
Click here for a detailed description of sampling error .
Sampling , data collection and tabulation by TNS of Horsham , Pa .
P uzzles , anchors , stars , and plowhorses ; those are a few of the terms consultants now use when assembling a menu ( which is as much an advertisement as anything else ) .
“ A star is a popular , high - profit item — in other words , an item for which customers are willing to pay a good deal more than it costs to make , ” Poundstone explains .
“ A puzzle is high - profit but unpopular ; a plowhorse is the opposite , popular yet unprofitable .
Consultants try to turn puzzles into stars , nudge customers away from plowhorses , and convince everyone that the prices on the menu are more reasonable than they look . ”
Poundstone uses Balthazar ’s menu to illustrate these ideas .
1. The Upper Right - Hand Corner
That ’s the prime spot where diners ’ eyes automatically go first .
Balthazar uses it to highlight a tasteful , expensive pile of seafood .
Generally , pictures of food are powerful motivators but also menu taboos — mostly because they ’re used extensively in lowbrow chains like Chili ’s and Applebee’s .
This illustration “ is as far as a restaurant of this caliber can go , and it ’s used to draw attention to two of the most expensive orders , ” Poundstone says .
2. The Anchor
The main role of that $ 115 platter — the only three - digit thing on the menu — is to make everything else near it look like a relative bargain , Poundstone says .
3. Right Next Door
At a mere $ 70 , the smaller seafood platter next to Le Balthazar seems like a deal , though there ’s no sense of how much food you ’re getting .
It ’s an indefinite comparison that also feels like an indulgence — a win-win for the restaurant .
4. In The Vicinity
The restaurant ’s high - profit dishes tend to cluster near the anchor .
Here , it ’s more seafood at prices that seem comparatively modest .
5. Columns Are Killers
According to Brandon O’Dell , one of the consultants Poundstone quotes in Priceless , it ’s a big mistake to list prices in a straight column .
“ Customers will go down and choose from the cheapest items , ” he says .
At least the Balthazar menu does n’t use leader dots to connect the dish to the price ; that draws the diner ’s gaze right to the numbers .
Consultant Gregg Rapp tells clients to “ omit dollar signs , decimal points , and cents …
It ’s not that customers ca n’t check prices , but most will follow whatever subtle cues are provided . ”
6. The Benefit Of Boxes
“ A box draws attention and , usually , orders , ” Poundstone says .
“ A really fancy box is better yet .
The fromages at the bottom of the menu are probably high - profit puzzles . ”
7. Menu Siberia
That ’s where low - margin dishes that the regulars like end up .
The examples here are the easy - to - miss ( and relatively inexpensive ) burgers .
8. Bracketing
A regular trick , it ’s when the same dish comes in different sizes .
Here , that ’s done with steak tartare and ravioli— but because “ you never know the portion size , you ’re encouraged to trade up , ” Poundstone says .
“ Usually the smaller size is perfectly adequate . ”
Excerpted from Priceless : The Myth of Fair Value ( and How to Take Advantage of It ) , to be published in January by Hill & Wang , an imprint of Farrar , Straus & Giroux .
© 2010 by William Poundstone .
All rights reserved .
Click here to buy
Germany 's economy relies heavily on exports
The German economy shrank by 5 % in 2009 , hit by a slump in exports and investment , official data has shown .
It was the first time in six years that the economy had shrunk , and it was the largest contraction since World War II , the Federal Statistics Office said .
Germany , Europe 's largest economy , emerged from recession in the second quarter of 2009 .
The government predicts growth of 1.2 % in 2010 , but reports suggest it is set to raise its forecast to 1.5 % .
The worst postwar performance to date was a 0.9 % decline in gross domestic product ( GDP ) in West Germany in 1975 .
The worst since 1990 's reunification of Germany was a 0.8 % fall in 1993 .
Economists were cautiously optimistic about Germany 's growth prospects .
" The recession is yesterday 's story ; today 's story is the ongoing recovery , " said Carsten Brzeski at ING Financial Markets .
" Today 's numbers , however , mask a slowdown of the rebound in the fourth quarter .
" Despite all government stimulus packages , the deterioration of public finances has been much more limited than in most other eurozone countries .
" Looking ahead , the recovery will continue this year .
With GDP growth above 2 % , we expect the German economy to be the growth engine of the eurozone in 2010 . "
Rooms Grand Central Station 's Jewel
Inside a cramped brick room in the train station are the greasy innards of a hundred - year - old clock with a stained - glass dial , the largest of Grand Central ’s timepieces .
On September 27th of 1945 , whilst on a ship headed for Sydney , Australian soldier Charles Castle wrote the following emotional letter to his young son after being released from Changi‘s Prisoner of War Camp — a camp at which he had been held captive for 3 years — and announced his imminent return .
Charles eventually arrived home in January of 1946 , nearly two years after his heartbroken family had been told , by telegram , that he was missing in action and to expect the worst .
Transcript follows .
( Source : Australia Post ; Image : Prisoners of war at Changi , 1942 , via . )
Transcript
On the LARGS BAY .
AT SEA .
27th Sept DARLING RON , WELL LITTLE PAL DADDY IS ON HIS WAY HOME TO YOU AND MUMMY AT LAST .
HAS BEEN A LONG TIME HASN ’T IT BUT NEVER MIND RON , NEVER AGAIN .
WE WILL HAVE SOME GREAT TIMES TOGETHER JUST YOU AND I AND IF MUMMY IS GOOD WELL MAYBE HER TOO .
WHAT SAY YOU .
DO HOPE YOU RECEIVED MY LAST LETTER .
WHEN YOU GET THIS NOTE RON , DADDY SHOULD ONLY BE A COUPLE OF DAYS FROM SYDNEY , SHOULD NOT HAVE LONG TO WAIT BEFORE WE ARE TOGETHER AGAIN .
WHAT A HAPPY DAY THIS WILL BE , BUT BELIEVE ME RON THERE WILL BE LOTS MORE TO COME .
WELL LITTLE PAL WILL SAY CHEERIO FOR THE PRESENT WITH A BIG KISS AND HUG FOR YOU AND MUMMY .
ALL MY LOVE TO YOU BOTH .
FROM YOUR DADDY AND PAL ALWAYS .
XXXXXX
FRANKLIN , Tenn. , Dec. 25 ( UPI ) --
A pair of Waffle House waitresses in Tennessee said four men who ordered only coffee left them a $ 400 Christmas gift to share .
Karla Lauv , 26 , a waitress at the Franklin eatery , said the group of middle - aged men came into the Waffle House at about 3 p.m. one day this week and ordered coffee , The ( Nashville ) Tennessean reported Friday .
Advertisement
Lauv said one of the men wished her a " Merry Christmas " and gave her $ 100 after asking how business has been .
She said the other three mean each left $ 100 for her to share with fellow waitress Diane Galbraith .
Lauv said she is grateful to the men , who did not give the women their names .
" I 've bought some more Christmas gifts , " Lauv said .
" I bought a new phone .
I 'm going to use it to pay some bills . "
Microsoft has said its new policy of requiring users to accept third party cookies to log out of Hotmail improves security .
We reported the change , which was applied earlier this month , yesterday .
Some readers who contacted El Reg said it raises the risk that accounts will be compromised on public machines , while others who do not allow third party cookies simply found the error message when they tried to log out irritating .
Angus Logan , the product manager for Windows Live ID , told The Register the use of third party cookies has two benefits .
" We write our cookies to multiple domains to give users a good experience with single sign - on , so they can be authenticated to multiple sites ( e.g. MSN , Xbox Live , Windows Live , Bing ) at once without having to retype their password , " he said .
" [ It also ] helps protect user security , by separating the authentication cookies that are used for different services .
If a cookie in one domain is compromised , it means that user assets in another domain wo n't be compromised . "
Microsoft now uses third party cookies - more controversial than first - party ones because they allow tracking across multiple websites and services - for log out to check whether users are logged into more than one of its web services .
" During sign - in , we redirect to the right domain so that the cookies can be written in first - party context , " Logan said .
" It 's only during sign - out , where we need to clear cookies from potentially many domains that we have login.live.com clearing cookies in other domains via the invisible GIF solution * .
We are actually removing cookies in this scenario , but it 's interpreted by browsers as using third party cookies . "
Hotmail users who do n't accept third party cookies must now shut down their browser to log out . ®
* There 's more info here .
When we think of Ireland we often think of green fields , friendly people and good music .
But the recent reports , commissioned by the government and running thousands of pages , of the behavior of the Catholic Church paint a much darker picture .
It was well known by those of us who had to attend Catholic - run schools that there was a sinister aspect to those entrusted to teach us .
I myself was a student in Ireland from 1959 to 1972 ; during all of that time I was taught by the Christian Brothers , the sect of the Catholic Church most represented in the documents .
Our lives consisted of beatings , humiliations , derogatory comments and sexual abuse .
The overwhelming power of the Catholic Church was so great that parents could only watch their children being abused and were powerless to say or do anything .
The reports released by the investigative authority document sexual and physical abuse - even multiple murders - at the hands of those entrusted to protect and care for the children of Ireland .
The authority of the Catholic Church in Ireland was and is so great that they could literally get away with murder and no one could stop them .
The element of fear penetrated the whole country ; people would not speak out for fear of offending the church , which could with a quick word from the pulpit destroy a whole family and excommunicate those who dared to stand up to it .
Maybe someday in the future somebody will come up with an approximation of the numbers of parents , especially mothers , who committed suicide or drank themselves to death rather than deal with the pain caused to their children by the Catholic Church .
The most recent report brings to light one of the Church ’s own files on 54 priests in just the Dublin area alone .
The files were held in the safe of the Archbishop of Dublin and were only released to the prosecutor after ten years of legal fighting by the victims of abuse .
Reading this report you begin to understand the complete disregard for children in Ireland by the hierarchy in the church .
Even though they had overwhelming evidence of child sexual and physical abuse by their own priests , they did absolutely nothing about it .
There are even reports of Irish police officers who had been called to deal with children raped by priests going to the clergy , i.e. giving the evidence of the child ’s abuse to the abusers themselves and washing their hands of the whole affair , leaving the priest free to continue the abuse and punish the child for complaining .
Ireland was under the influence and control of the Catholic Church for over 500 years ; the government , the elected leadership of Ireland , was terrified to confront them in any situation .
A government minister who might raise some concerns would find himself out of a job quickly .
A teacher or parent would also never be employable in the country and would have to emigrate .
Some people may think that this physical and sexual abuse took place infrequently .
Let me be absolutely clear : it took place on a daily basis every day of your life .
As a child in the Catholic educational system you were subject to physical and sexual abuse .
There was not one day in my life at school when I was not beaten and humiliated .
The sexual abuse usually took place outside of the classroom , and it was not just one particular student who was singled out .
Everybody in that classroom and at school was a victim , and it was n’t just that school ; it was the whole country .
I was lucky enough that I could go home in the evening after school but there were countless thousands of unfortunates who were confined to institutions or who were forced to work every day and could not leave .
In County Galway and in other areas the police have recently been digging up bodies of children who were murdered , usually by strangulation or blunt force trauma .
Only a nightmare could describe .
what their lives were like .
I was driven to the brink of insanity by the beatings taking place every day in school .
I ’ll never forget the day , when I was nine years old , that I met my father while I was walking home to lunch .
I trusted my father ; he was a teacher in a nearby secular school - it was called the vocational school - a place where students went to learn trades and science .
I asked him : “ Ca n’t you make them stop ?
Ca n’t you tell them to stop beating us and doing the other things that they to do ? ” ( I never mentioned the sexual abuse ; I was too young and too ashamed to talk about it . )
My father told me that there was nothing he could do .
He said if he spoke up or approached the Christian Brothers that he would not have a job in the morning , that we would be moving someplace else in Ireland and probably he would never work as a teacher again .
I remember the absolute depression I felt knowing that there was absolutely no hope of stopping the torture , that this was really the way the country was .
If you spoke up about what was taking place in Catholic schools you would be looking for a one - way ticket to America the following week .
Talking about this even today - I am 54 years of age - causes me unbelievable feeling of self rage and anger and just downright sadness .
I developed a problem with alcohol .
Getting drunk seemed to be the only way to try to forget what was happening .
Luckily with the assistance of Alcoholics Anonymous I was able to get over that .
I know for a fact that many of my friends in school committed suicide or were institutionalized with depression .
Many of them to this day can be found in the bars drinking away their memories .
I often was asked by wives of friends why their husbands would wake up screaming in the middle of the night and had to try to explain some of what we had endured .
I was usually greeted by total disbelief .
At the number of lives destroyed by the Roman Catholic Church - practicing Christianity while committing gross acts of sadism on children .
Karl Marx said religion is the opium of the people .
I would have to completely agree , but from a different perspective .
This “ opium ” was not the pleasant kind Marx described , not some escape from suffering .
It kept whole nation drugged up in fear and then committed the atrocities against children while still convincing the population that the Church was the only one to which God spoke .
Every day in the newspapers we read about cults and religious leaders in the United States sexually abusing children .
Why any government would allow such actions is beyond my comprehension .
In the case of Ireland there is suspicion that the government and the police were involved in collusion , or even participated in the abuse themselves .
Until just recently , victims could not seek any help for years .
First no one would believe them , or would call them liars and claim that they were somehow just out to destroy the work of the great church .
If you were unfortunate enough to get a Catholic psychiatrist you could end up locked away in an institution with a diagnosis of madness .
In other cases , if your counselor was of a different religion , he or she would usually use this experience you had as evidence that your church was evil and you should join theirs .
Friends and family would turn the other way in shame ; it ’s a good word to describe the feelings of the victims of the Catholic Church torture squad .
Unfortunately my readings have shown that it ’s not just the Catholic Church ; just about every religion on the planet has this problem to a greater or lesser extent .
People become brainwashed by their church and will overlook the most horrible acts committed in the name of God , even allowing their children to be sexually abused and murdered .
What was the purpose of the Catholic Church policy in Ireland ?
Total domination of people mind - body and spirit ?
During the Iraq war I was watching the reports of Republicans quoting the Bible as justification for what the war was all about .
I watched the Muslims using their book to justify their own war .
I listened to some Jews quoting the Old Testament as justification for getting rid of the Palestinians .
It seems everybody needs a book to justify their actions .
History is full of people using some religious belief as a justification for committing the most terrific acts of violence against their fellow human beings .
The American Constitution set up a separation of church and state ; the founding fathers realizing that the religious organizations could pose a grave threat and attempted to be very clear in the Constitution that they would not support any one particular religion but that every man was free to believe whatever they wish .
Somewhere along the line this has become lost .
Presidents are terrified of not subscribing to some form of Christian belief .
As a victim of abuse by one church I can only say that when people give up the freedom to think for themselves , and blindly accept the teachings of some individual or institution , they have become extremely dangerous .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/jcapaldi/ / CC BY 2.0
I thought it would be a nice touch if the LEDs in the Selleck Striker behaved more like the metal ringer in an old school mechanical hi-striker .
So rather than rising up the scale in a linear way , what if it looked like the LED “ ringer ” was being pulled down by gravity ( and friction , and air resistance ) like the real thing ?
So I figured an ascending object will decelerate in the same way a falling object will accelerate , since they ’re both subjected to the same force ( gravity ) .
I found some formulas for acceleration due to gravity , particularly :
where d = distance , g = the gravitational constant , and t = time .
I would calculate the trip from top to bottom as if the ringer was falling , then use that data in reverse .
The LEDs turn on in sequence , with a delay value in between to determine how long each one stays on ( and how fast the “ ringer ” appears to move ) .
So in order to determine that value I need to solve for t in the equation above .
So :
I know that on Earth the gravitational constant — or g — is 9.8 m/s² ( meters per second per second ) .
I know the distance d between each LED is 1.37 ″ , or .035 m .
So the time t x to get from the very top LED to the next one is :
So the first .035 m step down from the top will take 59 ms .
In order to find t z for the second step , I need to find t y for the total distance from the top to the second step ( .035 m x 2 = .07 m ) , then subtract t x for the first step :
So :
I need to do this for each of the 51 steps ( 50 LEDs plus the very top , the winner ! ) .
Actually , I ’m not calculating this at all .
I ’ll let the Arduino do all the calculations , and save the delay value for each step in an array that it can quickly access when it needs to .
Here ’s how I did it in the Arduino script :
float gravity_constant = 9.8 ; // the constant of gravity , or G // we can adjust this to tweak the effect int gravity [ 50 ] = {} ; // set up the gravity array for ( int i = 1 ; i <= 51 ; i++) { // this will loop 51 times float distance_x = i * .035 ; // calculate the total distance from the top to the LED in question float distance_y =
( i - 1 ) * .035 ; // same distance , minus one step float time_x = sqrt ( distance_x / gravity_constant ) ; // the time it takes for an object to fall distance_x meters float time_y = sqrt ( distance_y / gravity_constant ) ; // the time it takes for an object to fall distance_y meters float time = time_x - time_y ; // the time it takes for an object to fall to our LED from the one before it , in seconds int time_ms = time * 1000 ; // convert to milliseconds gravity [ i ] = time_ms ; // add this value to the gravity array }
The gravity array will look something like [ 59 , 26 , 16 , 14 , 13 , 12 , 11 , 10 , 9 , etc … …. ] , dropping rapidly at first and then slower until it levels off at 4 ms or so .
If we then light the LEDs in sequence , applying these delay values to each step :
int level = 48 ; // this is the level the person hit to // * entered manually for testing purposes , // in the final product this will be determined by // the force of the hammer strike for ( int i = level ; i > 0 ; i--) { digitalWrite ( ledPins [ level - i ] , HIGH ) ; delay ( gravity [ i ] ) ; digitalWrite ( ledPins [ level - i ] , LOW ) ; }
then we get something like this :
Note : the blinking at the beginning is the Arduino booting up , and the blinking at the end was added later to highlight the level of the hit .
A spokesman added : “ The experience that the individual gains will have great value and will contribute to their CV .
It could potentially help them gain a job with the firm , or another in the industry but one should not assume this is the case . ”
Boy , 12 , suspended for ' crisp dealing ' in school that banned junk food
Contraband : Joel Bradley was punished for selling a packet of Discos
A schoolboy has been suspended for ' crisp dealing ' at a school which has banned fatty drinks and snacks .
In sign of pupil disgruntlement over school meal reforms spearheaded by TV chef Jamie Oliver , 12 - year - old Joel Bradley was caught allegedly selling a packet of Discos at a marked - up price of 50p .
He was suspended from Liverpool 's Cardinal Heenan High School because it was the second time he had been caught .
His father , Joe , said the boy had been ' victimised ' for an enterprise which could earn him as much as £ 15 a day .
' I think the school has made a beeline for him because of what I 've done , ' he told the Liverpool Echo .
Mr Bradley , from Liverpool 's Norris Green district , admitted he too had once been caught selling canned drinks , chocolate bars and crisps from a van outside the school - saying he was filling a void left by the closure of a local shop .
But headmaster Dave Forshaw said parents and pupils must abide by the school rules or go elsewhere .
' We are a healthy school and proud of it , ' he said .
' If parents are not happy then they are perfectly free to take their children to a school that allows pupils to sell these things and allows a father to sell them outside on the pavement . '
Mr Forshaw said pupils were caught around ' three or four times a week ' selling snacks at the school .
' We have six to seven regular sellers we pinpoint ' , he said .
FIXD Reviews
Ever heard of onboard computer systems that could tell what was wrong with your truck or car ?
Well , that ’s what on - board Diagnostic II system scanners are .
They are standardized devices that are used for self - diagnostics and reporting whatever is going on with your vehicle .
That ’s to say that one device can perform periodic tests on each component on your vehicle and monitor and regulates emissions at the same time .
In short , OBD II scanners tell you about the health of your vehicle by using reliable codes and fixes to cover up most car problems .
Gone are the days when you had to use tape to cover up the check - engine light that can be quite annoying .
OBD II systems diagnose that problem and fix it .
One particular apex scanner has our attention — the FIXD OBD - II scanner .
We need to know why car enthusiasts are going crazy about it .
So let ’s get down to business .
What is FIXD ?
FIXD is an OBD second - generation scanner that ’s a harmonious combination of an app and a car sensor gadget that is used to diagnose the problems with your vehicle .
Some car enthusiasts say refer to it as a hardware - software combo .
It was founded by Georgia Tech students , Rachel Ford , and John Gattuso .
On September 18 , 2014 , FIXD Automotive Inc. was filed as Delaware Corporation with its headquarters in Atlanta .
After FIXD performs a thorough diagnosis of your vehicle , the gadget displays a report on the status of your vehicle and gives suggestions on how you can fix it .
A notable feature is that FIXD translates error codes into understandable terms .
You no longer have to deal with technical jargon or get confused when the check engine light comes on as FIXD OBD - 2 scanner will tell you what to do .
FIXD also offers more information on when you need to schedule for a car maintenance service .
Ideally , FIXD transforms your vehicle into a smart car .
2 . How does FIXD Work ?
Just underneath the steering wheel , you will find an OBD - II port .
That ’s the car ’s diagnostic port where you plug in your FIXED sensor .
Then after downloading the FIXD app , connect the car sensor to your smartphone via Bluetooth .
The app can be downloaded from either Google Play or the Apple App Store .
The hardware sources the information from your car and feeds it to your smartphone .
The sensor zeros in on the problem , displays the information on your smartphone and you can then give the data to your mechanic to fix the problem .
To make the device more alluring , FIXD sensor is powered by your car , so you never have to recharge the sensor .
FIXD works by sending you a notification alert to show you :
When there is a problem with your vehicle
The estimated cost of fixing the problem
The consequence of continuing with your drive while the problem persists
When to stop to prevent further damage to your ride
To better understand FIXD , how about we take an up - close look into the product .
FIXD OBD - II Active Car Health Monitor & Professional Scan Tool – 2ND GENERATION
3. Main Features Maintenance reminders of scheduled vehicle maintenance service
Check engine light diagnosis
Live data display
Updates published daily
Compatible with all OBD II protocols
iOS and Android compatible
Freeze frame / snapshot feature
Estimates cost of repairs
4. Car Scan Tool which Connects to your Smartphone
The FIXD OBD - II , second - generation scan tool , is made by ASE Certified Mechanics and professional engineers in the United States .
It is made up of 2 components , which is the FIXD app and the FIXD scanner .
To get it started , plug in the FIXD scanner to the OBD port and fire up the application on your phone .
The phone ’s display is directly proportional to the display of the scanner .
Having a larger screen means that you will display a wider area .
The sensor only works as long as the engine is running .
With the help of the FIXD app , you can finally know what it means when the check engine light comes on .
The Scanner essentially acts as the intermediary between your vehicle and your smartphone .
It syncs data wirelessly to your smartphone and decodes the errors to give you a description of what could be the problem with your vehicle .
5. Clears Check Engine Light
The scanner reads and clears the annoying check engine light error and displays permanent , pending or stores codes within your car .
You get about 2 to 3 sentences defining the error .
The information is displayed in a way that an average driver can understand .
You also get live data on the condition of your fuel pressure , RPM , Mass Air Flow , airbag transmission problems , tire pressure and 7000 other car problems displayed directly to your phone .
FIXD Mechanic Review :
The data is either displayed as a graph , numerical value or a gauge .
For your convenience , the application is designed with freeze frame technology that lets you get a better picture of when a trouble code was spotted .
6. Real - Time Error Detection
Additionally , you can also check on the level of wear and tear of your ride as the device also displays the battery life , condition of windshield wipers and tire tread .
FIXD features real - time error detection .
That means that you get an alert as soon as a problem develops .
It also features a mileage detection feature that sets out an algorithm to determine the mileage interval for essential service maintenance .
This device goes the extra mile by providing links to the nearest local mechanic and AutoZone where you can get spare parts .
What ’s more , is that for each issue you also get a bunch of helpful instructional and resourceful videos that describe the problem and guide you on the solution .
The app can connect to multiple devices on different vehicles and track their progress at the same time .
This FIXD model is compatible with cars manufactured in 1996 and beyond .
Pros Small , hands - free and easy to use
Small , hands - free and easy to use
Help get rid of the engine warning light
Help get rid of the engine warning light Video tutorials
Video tutorials Simple terminology
Simple terminology Gives notification of the problem every time the check engine light comes on
Gives notification of the problem every time the check engine light comes on Promotes safety by giving you the consequences of driving when the light is on
Promotes safety by giving you the consequences of driving when the light is on You can link multiple sensors to one account and monitor multiple vehicles at a go
You can link multiple sensors to one account and monitor multiple vehicles at a go Helps the user to keep a regular oil change and maintenance schedule
Helps the user to keep a regular oil change and maintenance schedule Helps save time and money on unexpected repairs
Helps save time and money on unexpected repairs
The scanner is compatible with Android and iOS apps
The scanner is compatible with Android and iOS apps Very economical device Cons Has limited functionality since it can’t detect SRS or ABS systems FIXD has poor customer support
There could be more buttons on the application
7 . What are customers saying ?
FIXD is a scanner that is ahead of its time .
It offers a solution to car problems that everyone goes through but only a few have the needed spatial ability , or tech know how to understand and fix them .
FIXD Customer Review :
You get a smart device that translates all that tech jargon into simple terms without breaking your bank .
Each problem is given a unique alert and a color based on the severity of the problem .
The sensor tool is easy to install , takes less than a minute , and it also helps you cut down on diagnostics costs done by a mechanic ’s computer system .
Since it requires a little amount of power to run , there is no harm to your car battery when you leave it in your vehicle .
The bottom line is , if you need a tool that lets you know when to go for oil changes and maintenance then FIXD is the right scanner for you .
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS AND BUYING GUIDE
Contents :
Do you leave FIXD plugged in all the time ?
Yes , you can leave it plugged in , but it depends on the period .
FIXD does n’t drain your battery power especially after the communication with the FIXD app is cut off .
However , if your car is sitting idle for more than two weeks , then it ’s better to unplug the sensor to preserve your battery life .
Remember that the FIXD sensor relies on your car ’s battery to power up and if left for a long time it may strain the battery .
Does FIXD car work ?
Yes , it does work .
FIXD is a tried and tested tool that makes sense of what it means when a check engine light comes on .
It is also a maintenance - friendly tool that lets you know when to go for an oil change and to get scheduled maintenance on worn of parts of your car .
FIXD is however not a substitute or a mechanic .
You still need to call a mechanic to fix an underlying problem that a tutorial could n’t help you get through .
Why do you need the sensor when you still have to go to a mechanic ?
Simply because the sensor catches a problem way before the situation gets worse .
FIXD indicates the severity of the problem by assigning a unique color to each alert .
The app gives you a video tutorial on how to fix the problem , and if it ’s not a DIY case , the price estimator gives you the cost of fixing the problem at your nearest mechanic .
FIXD sensor also saves you on hundreds of bucks spent on diagnosing the problem at the mechanic .
It also gives you peace of mind knowing that the check engine light is not that severe .
You also get the error codes translated into simple terms that you can understand .
However , it cannot help when a :
ABS light comes on
TPMS light pops up
Can FIXD be used on multiple cars ?
FIXD can connect up to 5 cars .
Simply buy multiple sensors for each vehicle and link them all to one smartphone .
With this innovative technology , you can monitor all your family member ’s cars and have peace of mind knowing that they are safe .
How can you benefit from FIXD ?
FIXD is not just a gizmo that ’s all bark and no bite .
It is a gadget that makes you understand what ’s ailing your sweet ride and actually saves you money .
This app and sensor combo :
Give you access to multiple vehicle control to monitor all the cars in your garage
Will let you have access to your vehicle history from permanent or stored codes
Tells you when your vehicle ’s maintenance service is due based on mileage
Saves you time and money on diagnosis at the mechanic
Decodes engine light information to tell you what type of repair is necessary
Offers continuous monitoring alerts to alert you when a problem arises
Arms you with information before you go to the mechanic
Gives you video tutorials on how to fix the problem
Does FIXD offer a money back guarantee ?
Yes , it does .
FIXD offers you a 30 - day money back guarantee .
The FIXD OBD - II , second - generation scan tool , is also covered by a one - year warranty .
If the device does n’t work , do n’t hesitate to call customer service and demand for a refund .
Will FIXD work on diesel ?
Nope .
This is not a product for cars run on diesel .
FIXD only works on hybrid cars or vehicles powered by gas .
What car problems can FIXD identify ?
According to the company , FIXD can identify about 7000 car problems that may cause the check engine light to pop up .
The app can list out the major issues affecting your car like a failure of your O2 sensor or high temperatures in the engine oil .
Additionally , the app features a button that lets you clear the check engine light which can get annoying if it goes on for too long .
You can also clear other dashboard lights that are insignificant like the Airbag and maintenance and stability control .
The app tells you what issues should be brought to a mechanic ’s attention .
It also shows you video tutorials for minor problems that you can handle fixing at home .
What year cars does FIXD work with ?
FIXD works on hybrid cars , cars that run on gas and vehicles manufactured in 1996 and beyond .
FIXD only works on cars that have OBD - II ports .
OBD - II standard was only implemented for cars in the United States manufactured after 1996 , and that ’s why our device is only limited to those year cars .
The OBD - II port is located somewhere around or under your steering wheel or glove box .
What is the FIXD Maintenance Club ?
The FIXD Maintenance club is a service intended at providing better customer support .
Say the FIXD sensor detected an issue and you had to take your vehicle to the mechanic since you do n’t have the parts to fix it .
You can send the information to the FIXD Maintenance Club via the app , and the company will send you the parts to fix the problem yourself .
You can also get a regular maintenance kit from the FIXD Maintenance Club according to your scheduled maintenance interval .
You determine what gets included in the box .
Club membership is free , but you are charged for the extra parts that are shipped in the maintenance kit .
Who invented FIXD ?
Rachel Ford and John Gattuso invented FIXD .
A team of innovative students from the Georgia Institute of Technology .
Final Take
Reintroduce yourself to your car by getting the FIXD OBD II system that actually knows your car better than you do .
You do n’t have to panic and waste money every time the check engine light pops up .
Sit back and let FIXD handle the problem and as you do it , you can educate yourself on your cars wellbeing from the app .
You never know , it may turn you into a car guru .
FAQ : Frequently asked questions
🏆 How does FIXD Work ?
Does FIXD really work ?
The FIXD OBD - II , second - generation scan tool , is made by ASE Certified Mechanics and professional engineers in the United States .
It is made up of 2 components , which is ..
🔍 What are customers saying ?
FIXD is a scanner that is ahead of its time .
It offers a solution to car problems that everyone goes through but only a few have ..
🤔 How can you benefit from FIXD ?
FIXD is not just a gizmo that ’s all bark and no bite .
It is a gadget that makes you understand what ’s ailing your sweet ride and actually saves ..
Rate this : [ ratings ]
Canonical has lifted the curtains on some ambitious plans to reinvent the GNOME panel .
The changes , which could potentially debut in the next major version of Ubuntu , will help simplify the desktop user experience and clean up superfluous panel clutter .
Although the proposed changes look very promising , getting third - party application developers to integrate with the new panel functionality could prove challenging .
Canonical has been working on an incremental panel overhaul under the umbrella of its Ayatana desktop enhancement initiative .
The company introduced a number of experimental changes to the GNOME panel in previous versions of Ubuntu .
These changes include the messaging indicator applet and instant messaging status menu .
Ubuntu 10.04 , which is scheduled for release in April , will take this tinkering to the next level with a more holistic overhaul .
Canonical plans to produce a new messaging status interface for the panel called the Me Menu and also aims to replace the icon notification area with a more modern streamlined menu system .
The underlying technical design of the notification icon area replacement is based largely on KDE 's Status Notifier specification .
The KDE community recently submitted the specification to the FreeDesktop.org interoperability project with the aim of making it a desktop - neutral standard .
Canonical views the nascent specification as a promising alternative to the current notification area and has elected to adopt it rather than starting from scratch .
The company 's desktop team is actively developing a GNOME implementation of the specification .
It will be used in Ubuntu 10.04 , but they hope that it will also be adopted by the upstream GNOME community .
Ted Gould , a software engineer at Canonical who played a major role in developing Ubuntu 's messaging indicator menu , wrote a blog entry this week to describe the scope and intent of the new status notifier project .
The goal is to completely replace the current notification area panel applet , which is also sometimes referred to as the system tray .
" For too long on the Free Software desktop there has been a systray that is simply out of control .
It provides for an arbitrary window with arbitrary behavior that developers have used arbitrarily .
This provides a difficult interface for users as they do n't know what to expect , " wrote Gould .
" Enough bitching .
We 're going to fix it . "
The current notification area panel applet uses the System Tray Protocol Specification , which was originally authored in 2002 by Havoc Pennington .
This legacy spec uses X11's XEmbed protocol to allow applications to dock their icons in a container that is supplied by the desktop environment .
This approach is an anachronistic hack that is sorely in need of modernization .
The new approach , as defined by KDE 's Status Notifier specification , will use the D - Bus interprocess communication protocol and enforce a much higher level of consistency in how status icons are used .
In the notification area , each individual application will be represented by a top - level menu item .
This approach will make it possible for the entire notification area to be treated as a single combined menubar .
To make it easy for third - party application developers to take advantage of the new functionality , Canonical has developed a simple library , called libappindicator , that wraps the D - Bus API .
This library can convert a conventional Gtk+ menu widget into a status notifier menu .
Many applications that use the notification area today already have a context menu of some kind that is tied to the popup - menu event of the Gtk+ status icon widget .
In theory , it should n't be particularly difficult for these applications to be adapted so that their existing notification area context menu — with a few tweaks — is handed over to libappindicator .
As a temporary measure , legacy support will be available for applications that still use the old XEmbed style of notification icon .
In practice , there will likely be some edge cases that do n't fit entirely within the parameters of the new notifier specification .
One could argue that such edge cases should n't be present in the desktop anyway .
The tight constraints of the new system and the lack of tolerance for deviation are potentially advantageous in the sense that it will not permit inconsistent behavior .
Not all developers are happy with the current state of the specification , however .
Compromises may need to be made in order to accommodate functionality that can't be discarded .
Another challenge for Canonical 's plan is the growing maturity of GNOME 3 , which promises to bring a far more drastic change to the structure and behavior of the desktop .
If the GNOME community 's experimental shell — which is currently under active development — eliminates the current panel system , then Canonical 's new notification area applet wo n't get used for very long .
This prospect might deter some third - party developers from taking the time to conform with the specification .
It 's worth noting , however , that Canonical 's proposed system would not be hard to adapt to work with the new shell .
In fact , using D - Bus instead of XEmbed will make it easier for projects like GNOME
Shell to control the manner in which the new notification area is presented .
Me Menu
The second part of Canonical 's grand plan for panel perfection is a concept that the company calls the Me Menu .
Based partly on Ubuntu 's current presence applet , the new Me Menu will serve as a one - stop shop for configuring messaging status and social networks .
Designed by Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth himself , the Me Menu is expected to be one of the highlights of Ubuntu 10.04 .
Much like the current presence menu , it will offer tight integration with the Empathy instant messaging client , allowing users to control their status and availability settings .
It will also integrate with the Gwibber microblogging client to make it possible for users to post status messages to Twitter , Identi.ca , Facebook , and other services directly through a textbox in the Me Menu .
Another major goal of the Me Menu is to provide a single access point for account management .
The user will be able to use the menu to launch account configuration for Gwibber , Empathy , and Ubuntu One .
As the creator and lead developer of the Gwibber project , I was made aware of some of these plans during the recent Ubuntu Developer Summit .
I 'm currently developing an improved Gwibber backend daemon that will be lighter and more robust .
I 'm also experimentally using CouchDB for Gwibber account management with the goal of facilitating account synchronization via Canonical 's Ubuntu One service .
In collaboration with Canonical , I hope to bring nifty microblogging integration to the Ubuntu desktop .
The company is contributing code and usability expertise to the project .
Conclusion
Ubuntu 10.04 will be a long - term support ( LTS ) release , which means that Canonical will be supporting it with updates on the desktop for three years and on the server for five years .
That makes it an important release for the company .
The LTS development cycle typically comes with a much stronger emphasis on robustness rather than new features .
The Me Menu and new notification area are major exceptions to the rule .
As such , the projects will be subjected to a high standard of quality control .
If they are n't ready for widespread use , it 's highly unlikely that Canonical will ship them in a half - baked state .
It wo n't become clear until a bit later in the cycle if they are going to make it in on time .
Canonical 's plans are ambitious and could potentially bring a lot of value to the desktop .
I 'm obviously biased as a technical stakeholder in some of the plans on the roadmap , but I genuinely think that users will benefit from the proposed enhancements .
Canonical 's collaboration with the KDE community on the notification area specification is a win for interoperability .
The new Me Menu seems like a logical approach for Canonical to move forward its work on messaging integration .
Akmal Shaikh was arrested in 2007 The Chinese ambassador Fu Ying has been summoned to the Foreign Office amid a growing row between the UK and China over the execution of a British man .
Akmal Shaikh , 53 , a father - of - three from London , was executed in China after being convicted of drug smuggling despite claims he was mentally ill .
Foreign Office Minister Ivan Lewis told the ambassador " China had failed in its basic human rights responsibilities " .
The Chinese Embassy said Mr Shaikh had no previous record of mental illness .
Mr Lewis said after the meeting : " I had a difficult conversation with the Chinese Ambassador today .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I made clear that the execution of Mr Shaikh was totally unacceptable and that China had failed in its basic human rights responsibilities in this case , in particular that China 's court had not considered the representations made about Mr Shaikh 's mental condition .
" It is an important element of a mature bilateral relationship that we are able to speak frankly about issues on which we disagree and that those concerns are heard . "
ANALYSIS FROM BEIJING By Chris Hogg , BBC News
The news of Akmal Shaikh 's execution is being carried in state - run newspapers and on state - controlled websites here in China .
Most of the articles focus on the comments made by the Foreign Ministry spokesman earlier on , when she said the judicial process was legal and fair .
It 's interesting to see what ordinary Chinese citizens are saying on the discussion boards .
Most of these websites are state - controlled and subject to censorship but overwhelmingly the comments on those discussion sites are supportive of the Chinese government 's decision .
One says : " This is all a show by the British government .
If it had really wanted to save Akmal Shaikh it would have negotiated in secret with the Chinese . "
Another says : " If someone commits a crime on our territory we have the right to punish them . "
There 's very little discussion of the mental health issue on the websites and discussion boards .
In terms of the discussions here in China , it does n't seem to be registering .
Mr Shaikh 's execution by lethal injection took place despite repeated calls from his family and the British government for clemency .
Sally Rowen , of the legal charity Reprieve , said a report from a consultant forensic psychologist had diagnosed him with bipolar disorder and delusional psychosis .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he was " appalled " at the execution .
However , China warned criticism of the case would harm UK - China relations .
Mr Shaikh 's cousins Soohail and Nasir Shaikh , who travelled to China to visit him in prison and make a last - minute plea for clemency , said they were " deeply saddened , stunned and disappointed " by the execution .
They said : " We are astonished at suggestions that Akmal himself should have provided evidence of his own fragile state of mind .
" We find it ludicrous that any mentally - ill person should be expected to provide this . "
His daughter Leilla Horsnell added : " I am shocked and disappointed that the execution went ahead with no regards to my dad 's mental health problems , and I struggle to understand how this is justice . "
Condemnations
In a statement issued after the execution , the Chinese Embassy said Mr Shaikh 's rights " were properly respected and guaranteed " and British concerns were " duly noted and taken into consideration " .
It said : " As for his possible mental illness which has been much talked about , there apparently has been no previous medical record . "
A report from the official Chinese news agency Xinhua said that China 's Supreme People 's Court had not been provided with any documentation proving that Mr Shaikh had a mental disorder .
In a statement , Mr Brown said : " I condemn the execution of Akmal Shaikh in the strongest terms ...
I am particularly concerned that no mental health assessment was undertaken . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Conservative leader David Cameron echoed the condemnation , saying he " deplored and deeply regretted " the execution .
Mr Lewis , who had held last - ditch talks with the Chinese ambassador in London on Monday evening , said the execution made him " sick to the stomach " .
He said the government had made 27 representations to China in two years , and believed it had done everything it possibly could .
A spokeswoman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry , Jiang Yu , told a press briefing in Beijing no - one had the right to comment on China 's judicial sovereignty .
" We express our strong dissatisfaction and opposition to the British government 's unreasonable criticism of the case .
We urge [ them ] to correct their mistake in order to avoid harming China - UK relations , " she said .
CHINA DEATH PENALTY China executed 1,718 people in 2008 , according to Amnesty International Last year 72 % of the world 's total executions took place in China , the charity estimates
It applies to 60 offences , including non-violent crimes such as tax fraud and embezzlement
Those sentenced to death are usually shot , but some provinces are introducing lethal injections Executions shrouded in secrecy Q&A : Bipolar disorder Send us your comments
The legal charity Reprieve had taken up Mr Shaikh 's case for the family .
Ms Rowen , of Reprieve , said it was " outrageous " Mr Shaikh had been killed .
" The Chinese 's blatant refusal to even consider [ his mental illness ] is outrageous and totally inappropriate , " she said .
Mr Shaikh is the first EU national to be executed in China in more than 50 years .
His body will not be repatriated to the UK , and Mr Lewis said Mr Shaikh had been buried quickly " in accordance with the Muslim faith " .
' No excuse '
In its statement , the Chinese Embassy said Mr Shaikh was convicted of " serious " drug trafficking .
" The amount of heroin he brought into China was 4,030g , enough to cause 26,800 deaths , threatening numerous families , " it said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Shaikh 's family said he had been delusional and duped into a carrying a suitcase that did not belong to him when he was found with 4kg of heroin in Urumqi , north - west China , in September 2007 .
His daughter has said drug smugglers in Poland convinced him they would make him a popstar in China .
Marjorie Wallace , chief executive of the mental health charity Sane , said the Chinese authorities had showed not only a lack of compassion , but a " profound ignorance " about how a mental illness such as bipolar disorder could affect a person 's sense of reality .
" Mr Shaikh 's lack of official medical records is no excuse for failing to give him a psychiatric assessment or offer him the treatment he needed , " she added .
Charity MDF , The Bipolar Organisation , described the execution as " medieval rough justice " and an " absolute tragedy " .
Spokesman Robert Westhead said : " The way the Chinese authorities have stubbornly failed to take account of this poor man 's severe mental illness shows that China is still stuck in the dark ages . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Eyes On the Street : SF Gets Its First New Bike Lane in Three Years
The SFBC ’s Andy Thornley was the first to ride in the new Scott Street bike lane .
Flickr photo : sfbike
San Francisco bicycle riders this morning let out a loud cheer , popped open a bottle of champagne and toasted the city ’s first bike lane in three years : a freshly painted sliver of Scott Street on the Wiggle between Oak and Fell that now serves as a left - turn lane for the thousands of daily commuters traveling by bicycle onto Fell Street .
" It feels really great to have some fresh bicycle paint down on the streets , " said Andy Thornley , SFBC Program Director , who lit a cigar in celebration .
" We have waited a long time and I think I speak for all bicyclists present and all those yet to bicycle in the city that this is an historic day . "
The MTA paint crews found themselves caught up in the excitement of the moment on Scott Street , posing for pictures with bicycle activists and smiling and nodding at the thumbs up from passing cyclists in what Thornley described as " a little street party . "
" You guys deserve this , " said a member of the MTA paint crew who did n’t want to be identified .
" You ’ve been waiting too long . "
He added that he was also a bicyclist but had been grounded by a recent injury .
Thornley said the left - turn bike lane on Scott will greatly improve safety for the daily throngs who ride the Wiggle .
Indeed , within minutes after the fresh paint had dried , dozens of northbound bicycle riders began using the lane as if it had already been there .
" It ’s definitely the way that I move around that part of town so I ’m looking forward to being more comfortable and dignified and having a more delightful ride through the Wiggle , " said Thornley .
The crew stripes the bike lane .
Flickr photo : dustinj
Crews prepare to install a left - turn arrow in the new Scott Street bike lane .
Photo by Bryan Goebel .
The MTA paint crews moved with precision and speed , completing the bike lane installation in just under three hours , and stenciling in sharrows in under five minutes in up to twenty different locations along the Wiggle and the Lower Haight .
It was proof that bike infrastructure is as easy as throwing down a little paint .
Tomorrow , crews will finish painting more sharrows on the Wiggle and then move to 5th Street .
Crews also installed three bike racks at the following locations : Yoga Garden at 286 Divisadero , in front of Phuket Thai at 248 Divisadero and at Pacific Primary School at Baker and Grove .
An additional nine bike racks will be installed tomorrow on Duboce , Waller and Haight Streets .
A temporary bike corral in front of Bean There Cafe .
Photo by Bryan Goebel .
A temporary bike corral that can accommodate up to sixteen bicycles also went up in front of Bean There Cafe at Steiner and Waller and will stay in place for 72 hours , according to the MTA ’s Heath Maddox , who works in the bicycle program .
The MTA ’s Bridget Smith , director of the agency ’s Livable Streets Program , said crews would paint new bike lanes tomorrow on Howard Street , Mississippi and Claremont Boulevard .
The Scott Street bike lane , sharrows and bike racks were among 10 Bike Plan projects approved by a San Francisco judge last week in a partial lifting of the bike injunction .
While those projects will only amount to a meager 3.7 miles of new bike lanes in the city , the MTA will be allowed to go forward with its plans to install hundreds of bike racks and sharrows .
Thirty seven additional Bike Plan projects will remain on hold pending the outcome of a hearing in June to determine whether the EIR fully complies with CEQA .
On Thursday , a green bike box will be installed where the current bike box is located on Scott Street and Oak following a press conference by the MTA and Mayor Gavin Newsom .
While the improvements are paltry compared to what ’s happened in cities like New York , where they ’ve added approximately 200 miles of bike lanes over the past two years , the scent of fresh paint in the air made many infrastructure - starved bicycle riders giddy .
" It ’s about time , " said Brian , a bicycle commuter and recent
transplant from Pittsburg , who was stopped at a red light on Scott and
Oak .
See more photos from sfbike and Dustin Jensen .
Minnesota 's flagging population growth could cost it a congressional seat in 2012 , but a strong response to next year 's census might prevent the state from losing representation .
A Washington - area consultant has projected that Minnesota 's population will grow at a slower pace than some states in the West and South , putting at risk one of Minnesota 's eight seats .
But Kim Brace , president of the bipartisan Election Data Services , cautioned that the populations of several states are so similar that a strong Minnesota turnout in the 2010 census could preserve all eight of the state 's congressional seats .
" As a result , it would pay for everybody in Minnesota to fill out their census forms , " Brace said , adding that the difference between seven and eight seats could be as few as 7,000 people .
Minnesota state demographer Tom Gillaspy agrees that the state is " on the cusp " of losing a seat , but says he 's increasingly confident that it wo n't .
" We 've done a really good job of counting people in the last couple of censuses , and if we do that again , we 'll be OK , " Gillaspy said .
According to his projections , Minnesota now would be 1,100 people short of keeping all eight seats .
The state is competing with Missouri , California and Texas for a final seat .
" Basically , this is a dead heat , " Gillaspy said .
The reapportionment of House seats allocated to each state is based on population counts by the U.S. census every 10 years .
Losing a congressional seat would set off a fight between Republicans and Democrats over which member of the delegation would pay the price .
The Minnesota Legislature and governor would be faced with deciding which seat to eliminate -- a highly political job that could end in a stalemate and ultimate court challenge .
If Minnesota were targeted to give up a seat , the Sixth Congressional District represented by Republican Michele Bachmann would be particularly vulnerable , said Steven Smith , a political science professor at Washington University in St. Louis .
Acquiring religious knowledge through ritual ( Image : Paul Thompson Images / Alamy )
YOU may not be Christian , or religious , but if you live in almost any developed country , you will find it hard to get away from Christmas rituals at this time of year .
Of course , many of them are secular : where would the holidays be without rampant consumerism , drunken partying , over - indulgence and family feuds ?
Then there are the rituals whose religious origins have all but faded , such as Santa Claus .
But while Christmas rituals can be exciting for children , they certainly do n’t have any of the high drama of those practised by other faiths .
Take the Australian Aboriginal religious initiation rites that includes scalp biting , fingernail extraction and cutting the initiate ’s penis with a stone knife , without which a man is not considered spiritually mature .
Or the extremes of the sacred fire dances performed in New Guinea , where in order to commune with their ancestors men enter a trance state wearing masks decorated with blood drawn agonisingly from their own tongues .
By contrast , the most extreme ritual a Christian is likely to engage in is being dunked during baptism .
Why do some religions have rituals that are so much more traumatic than others ?
This question has been exercising University of Oxford anthropologist Harvey Whitehouse for over two decades .
He is not the first to note that religions tend to fall into two distinct types – those based on extensive teachings , such as Christianity and Islam , and those based on iconography and personal interpretations , including most small - scale religions and cults .
Whitehouse ’s particular take , though , is to suggest that rituals themselves generate this dichotomy .
In …
Die Piratenpartei arbeitet zur Zeit unter anderem an der Erweiterung ihres Themenspektrums .
Dabei liegen mir , als angehenden Biologen , Umwelt & Nachhaltigkeit besonders am Herzen .
Umso mehr freue ich mich zu sehen , dass der Arbeitskreis Umwelt NRW erste Ergebnisse präsentieren kann :
Grundlegende Themen und Forderungen Globale Forderungen : (*) 1 . Die Piraten stehen für das Prinzip der Nachhaltigkeit ein .
Darunter verstehen wir generell die Schaffung einer zukunftsfähigen Gesellschaftsform , die natürliche Ressourcen so nutzt und erhält , so dass sie auch für nachfolgende Generationen zur Verfügung stehen und die Existenz der Menschheit auf unbeschränkte Zeit ermöglicht .
Hierzu ist ein bewusster verantwortungsvoller Umgang mit Ressourcen und dessen faire Verteilung erforderlich .
Bei nachwachsenden Rohstoffen müssen Verbrauch und Regeneration im Gleichgewicht sein , bei nicht nachwachsenden wie Bodenschätzen muss eine Kreislaufwirtschaft eingeführt werden .
Dazu ist es unbedingt notwendig , vorhandene umweltschonende Technologien zu nutzen und zu bevorzugen , sowie die Entwicklung neuer Technologien voranzutreiben .
Technologien , die unabsehbare bzw .
nicht zu verantwortende Folgen für nachfolgende Generationen haben , lehnen wir ab .
2 . Die heutigen Probleme ( in Deutschland z.B. Asse , weltweiter Klimawandel , Artensterben etc. ) sind zu einem großen Teil das Resultat der Ohnmacht der Gesellschaft und der Bürger , sowohl dem Staat als auch der Wirtschaft gegenüber .
Daher ist auch beim Thema Umwelt mehr Transparenz im Handeln von Regierungen und Unternehmen , sowie eine stärkere Beteiligung der Bürger an den Entscheidungsprozessen erforderlich .
3 . Wir wollen die naturwissenschaftliche Grundlagenforschung , die Forschung im Bereich der ökologischen Zusammenhänge und die Erforschung sauberer Technologien ( „ Cleantech “ ) fördern [ Forschung im Bereich des Umweltschutzes ] .
Forschungsergebnisse , insbesondere solche aus öffentlich finanzierten Programmen , müssen der Allgemeinheit zugänglich gemacht werden ( „ Open Access “ ) .
Die Ergebnisse sollen für die Aufklärung der Bevölkerung in Fragen des Umweltschutzes genutzt werden .
Die selektive Sicht auf ganzheitliche Zusammenhänge durch einzelne erfordert die Entwicklung von Methoden , die dem Prinzip „ Gemeinnutz geht vor Eigennutz “ zur Geltung verhelfen .
Dem dient die allgemeine Aufklärung der Bevölkerung , der freie Zugang zu Wissen und Forschungsergebnissen , ebenso wie die Schaffung von Anreizen , die ein Umdenken und bessere , nachhaltigere Verhaltensweisen fördern . (*)
Formulierungen verbessert & Rechtschreibfehler entfernt .
Natürlich ist dieser
Text noch keine offizielle Parteiaussage , bevor der Parteitag ihm zustimmt .
Ich hoffe jedoch , dass eine Mehrheit der Piraten dafür ist , dass sich die Piratenpartei diesem enorm wichtigen Themenfeld öffnet .
Ich würde mir wünschen , dass sich bald auch im Bundesprogramm eine Passage zu Umwelt & Nachhaltigkeit findet .
Was haltet ihr von einer Erweiterung des Programms um diese Themen ?
Sollte sich die Piratenpartei lieber auf ihre Kernkompetenzen konzentrieren ?
Kann sie sich nicht trotzdem auch zu den großen globalen Problemen äußern ?
Ist es nicht sogar ihre Pflicht ihren Teil zum notwendigen Umdenken beizutragen ?
Published online 16 December 2009 | Nature 462 , 836 ( 2009 ) | doi:10.1038/462836a
News
Insurgent attacks follow a universal pattern of timing and casualties .
Seemingly random attacks and a shadowy , mysterious enemy are the hallmarks of insurgent wars , such as those being fought in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Many social scientists , as well as the military , hold that , like conventional civil wars , these conflicts can't be understood without considering local factors such as geography and politics .
But a mathematical model published today in Nature ( see Nature 462 , 911–914 ; 2009 ) suggests that insurgencies have a common underlying pattern that may allow the timing of attacks and the number of casualties to be predicted .
Could a model help to predict the number of casualties in conflicts such as that in Afghanistan ?
REUTERS
" We found that the way in which humans do insurgent wars — that is , the number of casualties and the timing of events — is universal , " says team leader Neil Johnson , a physicist at the University of Miami in Florida .
" This changes the way we think insurgency works . "
Johnson and his colleagues argue that the pattern arises because insurgent wars lack a coherent command network and operate more as a " soup of groups " , in which cells form and disband when they sense danger , then reform in different sizes and composition .
The timing of attacks , the authors say , is driven by competition between insurgent groups for media attention .
Johnson , who has presented preliminary versions of the work to the US military , says that the findings allow a glimpse into the heart of insurgency behaviour .
" We can get a sense of what is going on and what might happen if we intervened in certain ways , " he says .
He is now working to predict how the insurgency in Afghanistan might respond to the influx of foreign troops recently announced by US President Barack Obama .
Power law
The researchers collected data on the timing of attacks and number of casualties from more than 54,000 events across nine insurgent wars , including those fought in Iraq between 2003 and 2008 and in Sierra Leone between 1994 and 2003 .
By plotting the distribution of the frequency and size of events , the team found that insurgent wars follow an approximate power law , in which the frequency of attacks decreases with increasing attack size to the power of 2.5 .
That means that for any insurgent war , an attack with 10 casualties is 316 times more likely to occur than one with 100 casualties ( 316 is 10 to the power of 2.5 ) .
" This is surprising because these wars are all fought in different terrains and under different circumstances , " says Johnson .
" It shows that there is something going on in the way these wars are fought that is common to all . "
To explain what was driving this common pattern , the researchers created a mathematical model that assumes that insurgent groups form and fragment when they sense danger , and strike in well - timed bursts to maximize their media exposure .
The model gave results that resembled the power - law distribution of actual attacks .
" They show a nice agreement between the data and their model , which is an important first step , " says Aaron Clauset , who researches the mathematics of conflict at the Santa Fe Institute in New Mexico .
But he and others question the model 's assumptions , such as the number of insurgents in the conflict remaining roughly fixed over time .
Clauset says that this idea does not match with other findings .
The model also assumes that insurgent groups can freely break up then re-form .
But Roy Lindelauf , who models terrorist networks at the Netherlands Defence Academy in Breda , notes that some insurgents in Iraq are battling each other as well as the coalition forces , and would therefore not merge into a single group .
Lars - Erik Cederman , a researcher in international conflict at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich , adds that the model " has the potential to improve knowledge about warfare " .
But , he says , the authors " go too far in claiming they have found a universal underlying pattern " because their work includes only nine wars .
Cederman , part of a group that regards insurgency as similar to general warfare , also says that although terrorist attacks can be driven by competition for media attention , it remains far from clear whether insurgencies have the same motive .
ADVERTISEMENT
" In human social systems , it is usually difficult to nail down what mechanism is behind an observed behavioural pattern , " Clauset says .
" There are almost always several equally plausible explanations that need to be considered . "
Johnson agrees that there could be other explanations for the pattern his group has found .
But he says , " We have looked for many years for a model , and this is the only one we have found that explains the data . "
As PC cases go , the Level 10 is easily the most outrageous design to ever get the go - ahead for commercial distribution , and according to PC Perspective the reason for that is clear : the product 's workmanship and long - term durability match its most excellent looks .
Weighing in at nearly 50 pounds of densely packed aluminum , the Level 10 sports a modular design with room for six hard ( or solid state ) drives , three optical drives , multiple jumbo - sized GPUs , and even an appropriately huge power supply .
Alas , the one shortcoming of all this supersizing ( apart from the price ) is pretty big in itself -- the case turned out to be so large as to make it impossible to connect some components with their standard cabling .
We 'll call that a newbie filtration feature and continue to hope someone loves us enough to buy us one .
BBC News
Newly - released documents have revealed the UK's " special relationship " with the US was under strain at the height of the Northern Ireland Troubles .
The National Archives files show the murder of Lord Mountbatten by the IRA in 1979 did not prompt the response from the US that the UK had hoped for .
While president Jimmy Carter expressed his " profound sadness " at the death , he made no reference to terrorism .
Downing
St privately said his failure to condemn the IRA was a " deficiency " .
The murder of Lord Mountbatten by the IRA on 27 August 1979 sparked shock and anger around the world .
The Queen 's cousin and former governor of India was killed in a bomb blast on his boat off County Sligo .
One of Lord Mountbatten 's twin grandsons and a 15 - year - old local boy also died in the explosion .
President Carter wrote to then prime minister Margaret Thatcher expressing his " profound sadness " at the " tragic death " of the 79 - year - old earl .
But an internal Foreign Office letter shows officials were thrown into a quandary .
" President Carter 's message is notable for making no reference to the circumstances of Lord Mountbatten 's death , " said a Foreign Office official .
" There 's no mention of murder or terrorism , no condemnation of those who indulge in violence . "
The US State Department 's initial response to the murder was " similarly deficient " , the letter says , but the department later issued a second statement " condemning the organisations which indulge in violence and asking Americans not to support them " .
A letter was also sent from Mrs Thatcher 's office to the Foreign Office , noting : " Like you we have been struck by the lack of reference in the message to the circumstances of Lord Mountbatten 's death : no mention of murder or terrorism , no condemnation . "
The office suggests drawing attention to the second State Department remarks in the reply to President Carter , adding : " This might serve to show that we have noted the deficiency in the president 's form of words . "
IRA support
The Mountbatten incident followed an already tense few weeks in Anglo - American relations .
Documents show that in July 1979 , a row broke out over the provision of weapons to Northern Ireland 's police force , the Royal Ulster Constabulary ( RUC ) .
The US government refused to approve a request from Britain for new Ruger guns for RUC officers - prompting consternation across the Atlantic .
British politicians feared there would be serious repercussions , given that pro-IRA Irish - American groups were supplying paramilitaries with weapons and money .
Foreign Secretary Lord Carrington sent a telegram to the then Secretary of State Cyrus Vance , asking : " I wonder whether you have given full weight to the consequences of such a decision becoming public knowledge .
" It would certainly be seen as a sharp shift in US policy , and could only greatly encourage the Provisional IRA .
" I must leave you in no doubt of the appalling effect I believe such a decision would have on British public opinion and of the consequential damage to Anglo - American relations . "
' Black population '
The documents show Mrs Thatcher was also becoming angry at what she saw as interference by the US .
In 1979 , Governor Hugh Carey , a prominent Irish - American , invited Secretary of State for Northern Ireland , Humphrey Atkins , and the Irish foreign minister to New York to discuss the Troubles - much to the PM 's annoyance .
Notes show Mrs Thatcher insisted that " Northern Ireland was part of the United Kingdom and she herself would not think of discussing with President Carter , for example , US policy towards their black population " .
When Mr Atkins tried to argue that the governor could be a key ally in trying to achieve peace , documents show the PM was unmoved .
" She was not in the habit of discussing the internal problems of the US with the Americans and they should not attempt to do so with us , " minutes state .
" The Americans must be made to realise that for so long as they continued to finance terrorism , they would be responsible for the deaths of US citizens as well as others .
" Governor Carey had already got away with a great deal so far as UK public opinion was concerned .
The Americans must be brought to face the consequences of their actions . "
' Handled the gun '
The row over the RUC 's weapons was still raging in December that year and was the subject of a discussion at the White House between Mrs Thatcher and President Carter .
Records of the conversation show that the PM insisted " the RUC was not a sectarian force " and it already had 3,000 of the guns in question , so it " seemed very strange " to deprive those yet to get them " of the right to defend themselves effectively " .
The file notes that she told the president : " She herself had handled both the gun which the RUC at present used and that which was on order .
There was no doubt that the American Ruger was much better . "
President Carter said he himself wanted to approve the supplies , but did not believe a sufficient number of Congressmen agreed , given the strength of the Irish - American lobby .
via cdn.picapp.com
In a move that Ilya Kovalchuk would be proud of , Linus Omark escalated the penalty box taunt .
As reported by Hockey sverige.se , during yesterday 's game between Dynamo and Spartak , Branko Radivojevic was called for a penalty , a penalty which was drawn by Linus Omark .
Radivojevic called out Omark for diving , which led to a heated trash - talking exchange between the two of them .
The supposed exchange is in the comments there , but our intrepid Swede is checking up on the validity of exchange before we post it .
I'm a little shocked that South Park has invaded European hockey trash talking .
Dynamo scored on the ensuing power play , with Omark assisting on the goal .
Omark then retrieved the puck from the net and skated to the penalty box where he tossed the puck at Radivojevic .
Omark is not a shy player by any means , and enjoys his abilities .
You might remember him from such classics as lob wedge shootout goal :
Johan is on the lookout for video and more reports of the incident , so hopefully we 'll get to see Mr. Omark 's audaciousness on full display .
In an ongoing series , BBC News focuses on aspects of life in countries and cities around the world .
What may seem ordinary and familiar to the people who live there , can be surprising to those who do not .
One of Hong Kong 's smartest residential areas is called Mid-levels , and is served by an unusual form of transport : the longest outdoor covered escalator system in the world .
The Central - Mid-levels system consists of twenty escalators and three moving walkways - and it runs in one direction in the morning , and another in the afternoon .
The BBC's Vaudine England explains why the escalators are such an important part of Hong Kong 's culture - helped by Andrew Chworowsky , managing director of the Fat Angelo 's restaurant chain .
Relating higher - order pattern unification and nominal unification
By James Cheney , from UNIF 2005 , available from James Cheney ’s website :
Higher - order pattern unification and nominal unification are two approaches to unifying modulo some form of α-equivalence ( consistent renaming of bound names ) .
The higher - order and nominal approaches seem superficially dissimilar .
However , we show that a natural concretion ( or name - application ) operation for nominal terms can be used to simulate the behavior of higher - order patterns .
We describe a form of nominal terms called nominal patterns that includes concretion and for which unification is equivalent to a special case of higher - order pattern unification , and then show that full higher - order pattern unification can be reduced to nominal unification via nominal patterns .
This is one in a series of three papers detailing the precise connection between higher - order pattern unification and nominal unification ( they ’re essentially “ the same thing ” ) .
Levy and Villaret expanded on Cheney ’s work , removing the need for the translation to nominal patterns , with the concretion operator .
They demonstrated that higher - order pattern unifiability is preserved under their translation .
However , Dowek and Gabbay took Levy and Villaret ’s results further , and came up with a translation where higher - order unifiers are preserved ( they also sharpened Levy and Villaret ’s result in another direction , by demonstrating that the Dowek / Gabbay translation is optimum , in a certain manner ) .
EDIT : the Dowek / Gabbay conference paper is n’t yet available , though the material from that paper will be in a journal paper “ Permissive nominal terms and their unification ” by Dowek , Gabbay and Mulligan , hopefully to appear soon .
If you have access to the ACM academic archive , then the Levy and Villaret paper is available here .
The GNU Bucks bounty program is off to a great start .
Two contributors have already found instances of nonfree components in FSF - endorsed fully free distributions .
Marco Oliva found two nonfree graphics demos in gNewSense 's mesademos package .
And Vicente Herrera found a script that downloads nonfree fonts in Trisquel 's TeX Live packages .
We confirmed these reports earlier this month .
Marco and Vincente will each receive a GNU Buck , in the amount of pi , signed by Free Software Foundation president and " Chief GNUisance " Richard Stallman .
Both Trisquel and gNewSense have fixed the issues .
The Trisquel changed its texlive - base - bin packages to remove the nonfree script within just a couple days of being notified !
We encourage you to try out these two excellent distributions .
The FSF launched its GNU Bucks program to help guarantee that GNU / Linux distros on our list of fully free distributions contain only free software .
Many popular GNU / Linux distributions include nonfree software packages and recommendations like device drivers or Adobe Flash , but the FSF strongly believes in people 's right to a complete operating system that runs using only free software .
The work of ensuring that the distributions we endorse are fully free then becomes very important , and it looks like the community - driven approach we chose ( complete with a cute award ) is off to a great start !
Thanks to both Marco and Vincente for helping these distributions achieve what they want to achieve -- to have only free components .
We 're happy to continue to endorse them , because they are committed to removing nonfree components , and their reactions to these bugs demonstrate that commitment .
See the GNU Bucks guidelines for more on how you can report nonfree components in FSF - endorsed distributions .
You 're probably at least aware that all cars have a unique Vehicle Information Number ( aka VIN ) , but you may not know that the 17 - digit VIN is packed with interesting information about your vehicle .
Advertisement
The car jockeys over at our sibling weblog Jalopnik detail how to decode your car 's VIN .
The meaty part :
The VIN is broken down into six parts : Make / Model : ( Digits 1 - 3 )
This breaks out the make , model and manufacturer of the vehicle .
Vehicle Features : ( Digits 4 - 8 ) These digits identify the various features of the specific model .
Verifying # : ( Digit 9 ) Using a complex mathematical formula this number determines whether or not the information has been faked .
Model Year : ( Digit 10 ) This number or letter describes the year the MY for the car .
Assembly Plant : ( Digit 11 ) This single digit identifies the assembly plant .
Sequence Of Model Production : ( Digit 12 - 17 )
These digits indicate the order in which the vehicle left the assembly line .
Advertisement
Jalopnik 's post runs through nine steps for decoding your VIN to decipher such information as vehicle features , where it was built , its sequence in production , and more .
Remember that checking the VIN is an important part of protecting yourself when buying a used car , but beyond that , it 's just an interesting source of info about your vehicle .
Protect Yourself
When Buying a Used Car
If you 're in the market for a new vehicle and opt to go used , avoid falling into car cloning traps : Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
How To Decode Your Car's VIN [ Jalopnik ]
Our 2009 coverage concludes this week with the best tracks and albums of the year .
Here 's what we have coming up :
Wednesday : Albums , Honorable Mention - 25 excellent records that did n't make our Top 50
Thursday : Top 50 Albums of 2009 , #50-#26
Friday : Top 50 Albums of 2009 , # 25-#1
Today , we 're counting down our favorite tracks of the year .
As we 've been doing for a while now , the pool of eligible tracks goes beyond singles .
Basically any song released or covered in 2009 was fair game for this list ; in one case , a song that squeaked onto the lower end of the list last year when it circulated as a single made an even bigger impact this year as part of an album , so that track was again open for consideration .
To hear the tracks , be sure to check out our Spotify playlist .
As ever , thanks for reading Pitchfork this year .
OK , here we go ...
100 . Darkstar
" Aidy 's Girl 's a Computer "
[ Hyperdub ]
Only a label that has released records by Kode9 and Zomby under the banner of " dance " could consider " Aidy 's Girl Is a Computer " 's bob - and - weave a fitting tempo for movement .
Its title wants to take literally the shrinking gap between human and computer interaction , and the track 's winning , fractal vocal samples do their best to make some sense of the concept .
But this is also one of the most tonally interesting electronic tracks of the year .
The pitter - patter melody -- a marimba , a wooden xylophone , or just exquisitely manipulated digital tones -- carries the song as a stream of distorted keys run underneath .
It sounds like a jocular , urbane cousin to one of Boards of Canada 's fireside jams .
Would that all significant others prove so rewarding .
-- Andrew Gaerig
99 . Julianna Barwick
" Bode "
[ eMusic Selects ]
Call it the Sufjan Stevens factor but independent music consumers softened their stance on faith this decade , so long as it was packaged pretty and subtle .
In " Bode " , Julianna Barwick offers that package without pandering or compromising .
A Louisiana transplant to New York , she paints spiritual yearning with such loose brushstrokes -- her own vocals looped and layered to lyrical inscrutability , soaring yet ecumenical electronic tones -- the most devout unbeliever risks no crisis of conscience wallowing in its loveliness .
Make no mistake , " Bode " has the modal chant of medieval monks and ecstatic rhythms of Sacred Harp in its soul , and as its name implies , the song 's an omen .
Instead of announcing imminent end - of - days , however , " Bode " declares the good news .
-- Amy Granzin
98 . Future of the Left
" Arming Eritrea "
[ 4AD ]
Pity poor Rick , the subject of Andrew Falkous ' mysterious rage in " Arming Eritrea " .
Did anyone suffer a more brutal browbeating in all of pop music in 2009 ?
Each line of the verses begins with Falkous screaming " C'mon RICK ! " with an intensity that is at once maniacal and hilarious .
Who is Rick ?
Why does he deserve severe contempt ?
Though Rick 's literal or metaphorical connection to Eritrea is unclear , the root of Falkous ' fury is obvious and universal :
He cannot stand this man 's condescension , and must insist that he is an adult .
Though berating one 's enemies is not typically a hallmark of maturity , the song expresses an exasperated disgust that is bitterly familiar to anyone who has ever felt a bit too old to be treated like an idiot kid .
The details do n't really matter here , because we 've all had to deal with a Rick at some point or another , if not every day of our lives .
So , actually , you know what ?
Fuck Rick .
He totally had this coming .
-- Matthew Perpetua
97 . The Smith Westerns
" Be My Girl "
[ Hozac ]
The Smith Westerns are n't shy about borrowing from their heroes , and with " Be My Girl " they are n't afraid to compete with them .
Whether it 's the lurching half - drunk rhythm of the verses , the strings and echoing drum hits of the chorus , or the fuzz nicked from contemporary lo-fi acts , they seem hellbent on squeezing onto record shelves somewhere between " Seeds " and " T. Rex " .
The band sighs amiably at first , seemingly content to float by on languid jangle and good vibes .
But the way the whole track swells on the chorus , it 's as if they think they can overwhelm their forebears through sheer volume .
And while the melody is hard to resist , the band 's earnest exuberance is the glue that holds it all together .
-- Jason Crock
96 . Gucci Mane [ ft .
Plies ]
" Wasted "
[ Asylum ]
Gucci's music is divisive , like gangster rap should be .
He is a hedonist , often emotionally detached and frequently ironic .
" Wasted " , though , was not an act , and , given his recent legal troubles , has a brutally sad subtext -- you know you have a substance abuse problem when you 're failing piss - tests under threat of jail time .
It was the party - rap hit of 2009 , a track for rap fans tired of the encroaching gloss of Flo Rida 's 1980s corpse - fucking formula .
Fatboi 's gradually layered chainsaw beat was the perfect groggy intoxicant for Gucci and Plies ' slurred pitch - imperfect raps .
Combined with Gucci's 50 Cent - like ability to ingrain a hook into his listeners ' subconscious , and a scene - stealing quote from Plies ( " I do n't wear tight jeans like the white boys ... " ) made this one of 2009 's most memorable singles .
It 's nice to have an anti-hero again .
-- David Drake
95 . The Thermals
" Now We Can See "
[ Kill Rock Stars ]
A recording studio ?
A band ?
Who needs those artifacts and ankle weights these days .
During the last half of this decade , lots of young artists -- Washed Out , Toro Y Moi , Bon Iver -- retreated from full - band settings to the isolation of their consoles , computers , and bedrooms .
Maybe that makes the Thermals , who recorded Now We Can See with indie production star John Congleton , Luddites , but that archaic methodology also makes the title track such a successful anthem .
Up front , we get a sing - along of four repeated syllables in a hook so simple you 'll know it by the time the drums -- loud and live like , you know , real drums -- enter .
Then we get our backstories -- damaged kids of disparate origins .
And then we hear what we hope can be our future -- a confluence of independence and solidarity .
" Now we can see / What should we need , " sings Hutch Harris .
" We should need nothing at all . "
We thank you , rock band .
-- Grayson Currin
94 . Best Coast
" Sun Was High ( So Was I ) "
[ Art Fag Recordings ]
In all the hubbub over the 1960s suntime funtime revival this year , it was surprising to see how few female singers got involved -- that beach party was a total sausage fest , brah .
Thank goodness then for Bethany Cosentino , who broke off from Pocahaunted to contribute her own project to 2009's ( ugh ) wave of oceanic lo -fi .
" Sun Was High ( So Was I ) " has all the signposts of its scene : murky percussion , barbed - wire - stringed guitars , oodles of reverb .
But it stands out from the pack due to Cosentino 's reach - back - and - belt - it vocals , a lighthouse through the four - track fog .
That passion creates girl - group echoes , although the fact that Cosentino sings alone rather than in a shimmying trio lends the song a kind of isolated sadness .
Yet even a fuzzy kiss leads to another , and " Sun Was High " was a much - needed feminine breeze for the year .
-- Rob Mitchum
93 . Morrissey
" Something is Squeezing My Skull "
[ Polydor ]
After Morrissey 's onstage collapse and subsequent pegging by a drink - hurling fan , Years of Refusal 's muscular , defiant opener , with its worries about the star 's health , feels like its most striking accomplishment .
For such an aggressively upbeat glam - rock tune , the theme is melodramatically bleak -- and , to British pop fans , probably doubly familiar : Modern life is loveless .
Worth it just to hear
Moz list meds and then breathlessly repeat , " Do n't give me anymore , " at the song 's conclusion .
Oh , Mother , he can feel the soil falling over his head .
-- Marc Hogan
92 . Cam'ron
" I Hate My Job "
[ Asylum ]
Killa Cam 's career - peak infamy hung on elaborate death threats , audacious wardrobe inventories , and lyrics that used the slipperiest words possible to get his point across .
" I Hate My Job " has none of those traits , and that 's what makes it one of his weirdest tracks .
Cam 's casually audacious flow lets up on the swagger and rolls out a couple hard - luck stories dealing with 9 - to - 5 frustration and the even harsher realities of unemployment , and damned if it does n't work perfectly .
Not only does he capture the perspective of a stressed - out underpaid woman ( " Ain't no money for new shoes or purses here / Should 've done my first career , nursing , yeah " ) and an ex-felon trying to join a diminished workforce , his delivery absolutely nails their emotional stress .
Skitzo's piano - driven beat is deceptively uplifting , with a choral " yeah yeah yeah " refrain providing a bit of classic - soul sympathy , but it does n't obscure the bitter realities at the core .
-- Nate Patrin
91 . HEALTH
" Die Slow "
[ Lovepump United ]
It 's fitting that HEALTH 's most melodic song to date manages to rip and rend something sweet from a grind .
It 's a hook that could have been fashioned from sheet metal , but adorned with wiry guitar and Jacob Duzsik 's airy vocals , the cycling , jagged loop gains velocity and feels visceral yet restrained .
These Smell alums obviously know how to move a sweaty , packed room ; listen for the double bass - hit and the chugging , heavy riffs that make a brief appearance 10 seconds in , a paean to house parties past .
What makes " Die Slow " stand out is that it 's some of the best evidence yet that , after a dance remix record and road trip with Trent Reznor , these guys know how to play to a much larger room .
-- Patrick Sisson
KANDAHAR , Afghanistan–Four soldiers and a journalist were killed Wednesday by a powerful improvised explosive device in the worst loss of Canadian life in Afghanistan in two - and - a - half years .
The five deaths occurred as the soldiers in armoured vehicles patrolled in what was considered to be a safe part of southern Kandahar city .
The military did not immediately release any names because of problems notifying family .
However , journalists on the base identified the reporter killed as Michelle Lang , 34 , a reporter with the Calgary Herald .
She was in the back of an armoured vehicle at the time .
" Yesterday , Canada lost five citizens , " Brig . - Gen. Daniel Menard , commander of coalition forces in Kandahar , said early Thursday .
" The soldiers were conducting a community security patrol in order to gather information on the pattern of life and maintain security in the area . "
One Canadian civilian official was also hurt , Menard said .
The huge blast occurred during a routine presence patrol in Kandahar 's District 2 abutting the Dand district , where Canada has established a " model village . "
The explosion happened just 1,500 metres from the Dand district centre , which Canadian soldiers helped rebuild after a suicide bombing in April .
Witnesses described panic among locals , as Canadian soldiers rushed to secure the area and airlift the victims to medical care .
Nevertheless , Menard declared that Dand remained a " safe area " and expressed confidence that this was an isolated incident .
In all , 138 Canadian soldiers – 32 of them this year – and two civilians have been killed in the Canada 's eight - year mission to Afghanistan .
The incident was the second lethal strike against Canadian forces by the insurgents in a week .
Lt. Andrew Nuttall and an Afghan soldier were killed Dec. 23 during a foot patrol in Panjwaii district .
Lang , on her first assignment in Afghanistan for Canwest News Service , had arrived in the country little more than two weeks ago .
She won a National Newspaper Award last year for coverage of health and medical issues for the Calgary Herald .
" The journalist was travelling with ( the troops ) to tell the story of what Canada 's soldiers are doing in Afghanistan , " Menard said .
While she had spent a few days visiting bases with Chief of Defence Staff Walter Natynczyk , it was her first patrol " outside the wire " as an embedded journalist .
" I 've seen a lot of reporters come here who seem like action junkies or kind of ' Hey , look at me , I 'm in Afghanistan ' , " said James Murray , a CBC reporter who has spent the past six of seven months here .
" She was the kind of journalist you would want to have here .
She was kind and decent , and curious . "
" We are all devastated by the loss of Michelle and our thoughts right now are with her family and her fiancé , " said Scott Anderson , editor - in - chief of Canwest News Service .
" Journalists need to – and do – put themselves at risk every day to report first - hand on important stories like Afghanistan .
But that does n't make this any easier . "
Menard said he did not expect any changes to the military 's media embed program as a result of the tragedy .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Prime Minister Stephen Harper offered his condolences .
" Four brave soldiers paid the ultimate price while courageously serving their country in Kandahar .
They perished seeking to help the Afghans build a better future for themselves while working tirelessly to advance Canadian values , " he said in a release .
He also said Lang 's death will be felt in Calgary and in communities across Canada .
" While not regularly the subject of news , those journalists who risk their lives reporting alongside the men and women of the Canadian Forces in one of the most dangerous regions in the world should not be forgotten . "
The horrific day was the worst for Canada 's Afghan mission since July 4 , 2007 , when six Canadian soldiers were killed in a roadside blast west of Kandahar city .
Four soldiers died in two separate incidents on March 20 this year , while three were killed on March 3 .
The most recent attacks show the insurgency , which normally tapers off over the winter , is still capable of mustering lethal force despite the surge of American troops in the area .
Both Canadian and American soldiers have stepped up their presence patrols in addition to moving out of bases into " platoon houses " in Afghan villages as part of their strategy of trying to reassure locals of their security .
Wednesday 's strike also came on a day when hundreds of Afghans took to the streets to protest the killing of 10 civilians , including school children , in military operations by international forces .
President Hamid Karzai's office said the deaths occurred on Sunday in a remote part of Kunar province .
Also Wednesday , U.S. officials reported that eight American civilians were killed in a suicide attack on a military base in southeastern Khost province .
However , that could include military contractors and U.S. intelligence officials
Read more about :
UPDATE 7/6/2020
Like the rest of the country , we are slowly and cautiously returning to normal operations .
Our focus continues to be on employee safety ....
Read More
Once a year we open the vaults and offer up limited edition colors , stock over runs , factory seconds and one of a kind prototype items from the Twisted monk vaults .
Supplies are limited and deeply discounted so do n't miss out on this sale , it only happens once a year .
At The Twisted Monk , we make our ropes small - batch and every rope is cut and hand - finished to order just for you !
Do n't get left hanging , be sure to get your order in early to ensure delivery by February 14th !
Orders must be placed prior to Noon Pacific
Time on the following dates to ensure your order arrives by February 14th :
Do n't need your order to arrive for Xmas ?
Let us take a little more time in making your order and get free worldwide shipping when you use code NOTFORXMAS at checkout !
Valid through 12:00 noon Pacific Time , December 8th .
TERMS & CONDITIONS :
NOTFORXMAS orders will not arrive for xmas and can not be upgraded or expedited after placement .
Orders will be shipped as available via best - priced USPS or UPS ground / first - class / parcel service -
Note that these services have a longer transit time ( 5 - 7 days domestic , up to 3 weeks for some international locations ) and may not match that displayed at checkout .
We package orders in carrier - provided packaging or plain nondescript parcels .
Our return address appears as " TTM / M. Walling " .
Packaging makes no mention of the nature of the contents except as required by international customs regulations , and in such cases products are marked as merchandise with generic descriptions of " sterilized hemp fiber rope " , " books " , or " steel ring / hook " as applicable .
For insurance purposes signature confirmation is required on packages of high value ( $ 200 + ) , or those containing limited - edition ropes , within the USA .
Please keep this in mind when providing your shipping address .
International customers may be required to retrieve parcels from their local customs offices based on local regulations .
It should be clear before I begin that I fully understand that my list of grievances is essentially meaningless to Blizzard .
The loss of a subscription , even if it was nearly five years old , does n’t cause them a moment ’s discomfort .
This does not mean however that there is no merit in making such a statement .
For one , simply illustrating the degree of disregard Blizzard has for their own customers is itself a endeavor worth undertaking .
There is also the fact that while each “ I quit ” post itself carries no weight the collective message of all those who raise their voices , however eloquent or not , must eventually become an issue of concern for them .
There was never a point in my five years with World of Warcraft that I actually showered any praise upon it .
Though I felt the game had promise from the start , it was not actually the kind of MMORPG that I wanted , and I knew it never would be .
I came from Ultima Online which at its inception was a true persistent state world – something World of Warcraft was never even intended to be .
The leveling scheme and race / character mechanics relegated World of Warcraft to being nothing more than an EverQuest clone .
It was the best of what was available though and I enjoyed it for many years .
I did just about all that you could imagine doing – I played on PvP and Normal servers , I dedicated myself to small group instances and pvp , I became a raider , and I eventually wound up leading a fairly large raiding guild .
They were all enjoyable experiences for a time but ultimately even the spectacular group of people I had come to know and play with in my guild was not enough to merit continuing to pay for the game in the light of Blizzard ’s ever more rapidly declining standards .
The decline in Blizzard ’s standards has been an ongoing phenomenon essentially since the game began development .
All that has changed over the years is the pace .
Early in the life of the game I became obsessed with the fact that the overhead “ minimap ” showed strange artifacting and color blotches in areas beyond my sight over some hills .
I was absolutely perplexed when I ventured far enough out in the world and realized it was n’t artifacting at all but in fact a faithful rendering of what lies supposedly out of sight .
Broken , untextured terrain lay just over every hill between zones and in uncharted areas of the map , areas that were n’t even particularly hard to see into from certain vantage points .
Giant holes in the map just out of reach .
Massively unprofessional work by ANY type of standards .
As the years rolled on the snail ’s pace of development continued to be a major letdown to all .
The landscape to this day is littered with entrances to dungeons that were never opened – many of which were discussed as early as the original beta , but wound up relegated to expansions five years later either due to ineptitude or ( more likely ) scrimping .
When the Battlegrounds first opened they displayed massive promise and were widely popular .
Again , however , we would all be disappointed by the lack of development of new maps and the constant watering down of existing modes of play .
A college kid in his dorm can hammer out a Capture The Flag map in a matter of hours – yet Blizzard is unwilling to even invest the time and money in that .
The answer to the question of why is simple – because they know they do n’t have to .
They wo n’t do anything about gold spammers or exploiters because trial accounts pad their subscription figures .
Why would they invest money in development when they can retain subscriptions by lowering drop rates and adding “ Reputation ” gains that are time - limited by “ Daily Quests ” ?
You really think those daily quests were just a feature to give you more content ?
Of course not – most of the quests are nothing but gather / retrieve piffle .
The key is that they allow Blizzard to control how long it takes to complete the provided ( boring ) tasks .
For years people have been questioning why they ca n’t be allowed to fly in Azeroth .
The answer lay at the start of this screed , they were too cheap to actually create a finished world map for RELEASE !
If you could fly anywhere you ’d see that behind the curtain is a mess of broken textures , jagged polygons , and holes in the world .
Which brings us to where I am now – a FORMER World of Warcraft player .
I tried for months to hang in as many people are doing now .
The frustrations I ’ve been describing are n’t elusive or unique to me , they ’re established facts that everyone playing World of Warcraft knows already , we simply choose to look beyond them waiting for the time when the game would be fun again .
Many of those I once played with , who still continue to play the game , insist that they ’re having fun despite the fact that I can see and hear the frustration every time they log in .
They ’re mistaking WAITING for fun to happen for the actual process of having fun itself .
They remember a time when things were better , when they were having fun , and they ’re holding on to the false hope that any moment now Blizzard will stop being so cheap and inept and will turn the game around .
I ’ve watched people log on only to raid , only to express the entire time how little fun they were having , and log off in frustration every night – and then claim when directly asked that they ’re still enjoying the game .
Eventually they ’ll realize fun is n’t coming and there ’s no sense waiting around for it to happen .
I know this to be true because I waited .
I waited for months after it became apparent that Wrath of the Lich King raiding was a pathetic shadow of the original World of Warcraft raiding experience .
I liked the people I was playing with and I did n’t want to leave them .
If I could just make it to the next expansion , I thought , things will have to get better .
Then Cataclysm was announced .
Blizzard bumping levels on old content just to avoid making anything new .
Flying brought to Azeroth – but because they ’re too cheap to actually fix the entire map as they ’d have to , they ’d just “ sink ” it in the “ Cataclysm ” .
Reading the description I literally could not believe what Blizzard was trying to sell me .
We get more cheap table scraps while the masters gorge themselves on money by selling race changes and faction changes and gender changes and pets and whatever else they found that is n’t NAILED DOWN .
So , I bid my farewell to Blizzard , and while I know they do n’t care – I ’m hoping maybe a few of the people reading this will .
There are so many of you out there confusing the anticipation of something fun happening for the actual experiencing of fun .
Stop waiting .
Quit now .
There are plenty of genuinely enjoyable ways to spend your time .
Do n’t waste your money waiting for Blizzard to wake up and care .
There is no light at the end of the tunnel .
Just more tunnel .
Abortion is illegal in Northern Ireland unless a woman 's life is at risk Anti-abortion campaigners have won a High Court bid to clarify government guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland .
The Society for the Protection of the Unborn Child ( Spuc ) claimed guidance to health professionals was misleading .
The court ruled the guidelines be withdrawn because they did not deal properly with the issues of counselling and conscientious objection .
The Family Planning Association called the decision " disappointing " .
Abortion is illegal in NI , except in limited circumstances where the mother 's life or mental well - being are considered at risk .
Spuc sought a judicial review of the document , which was published by the Department of Health in March and was the first guide for health professionals in Northern Ireland on terminating pregnancy .
Spuc was seeking a declaration that the decision to publish the advice was unlawful .
' Trap for unwary '
The judge , Lord Justice Girvan , stopped short of quashing the document .
However , he said as some of the guidance it contains is misleading it should be withdrawn .
The judge said that , as the guidelines stand , people could offer counselling which is , arguably , breaking the law .
This referred to the part of document which had stated that non-judgmental non-directive counselling should be available to women before , during and after termination of pregnancy .
The judge said this was unclear and could lead to the adoption of counselling procedures that were arguably unlawful , such as giving advice as to the availability of abortion services elsewhere in the UK .
TERMINATION GUIDELINES
The report in detail [ 301 KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
He said the Department of Health should , in particular , consider what guidance should be given to deal with the situation where a pregnant woman wants to have an abortion but does not fulfil the criteria for an abortion to be carried out legally in Northern Ireland .
The judge said that the department must also examine the relationship between counselling and making clinical judgements .
He ordered that guidance on conscientious objection should be reconsidered .
He said the current guidelines were open to misinterpretation , the language was " ambiguous " and left doctors and staff unclear as to what was expected of them .
The judge said the guidance needed to be absolutely clear otherwise it represented " a trap to the unwary " .
Clarity
The judge awarded costs to Spuc. Liam Gibson of Spuc Northern Ireland said the organisation was " very pleased " with the judge 's decision .
" We hope that the department will now take seriously many of the concerns which were largely disregarded when the guidelines were being drafted , " Mr Gibson said .
" Any new guidance that the department brings forward needs to take fully into account the duty of care and the legal protection owed to the child before birth . "
Director of the Family Planning Association , Audrey Simpson , said the ruling was a blow .
" We have health professionals once again having to operate in a vacuum , not knowing what to do when a woman presents with them who may be entitled to an abortion in Northern Ireland , " she said .
" And , of course , who loses out most in that ?
The women . "
A spokesperson for the Department of Health said it was " disappointed " by the ruling and would consider its response .
" The department welcomes the judge 's finding that the guidance does not mislead health professionals about the law relating to the termination of pregnancy in Northern Ireland and notes that in six of the eight contested issues the court found in the department 's favour .
" It is giving careful consideration to the two adverse findings . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The government is to explore ways of making all Ordnance Survey maps freely available online from April , in a victory for the Guardian 's three - year Free Our Data campaign .
The move will bring the UK into line with the free publication of maps that exists in the US .
Gordon Brown announced the change at a joint event in London today with Sir Tim Berners - Lee , the inventor of the World Wide Web , who is now information tsar advising on the handing over of private government data to the public .
The government has been inspired by the success of crime mapping where " data openness " is helping citizens assess the safety of geographical areas .
Today 's announcement will be followed by a speech , due next week by the chief secretary to the Treasury , Liam Byrne , explaining how the freeing up of data , alongside the scaling back of other functions of central government , could lead to a " smarter state " .
The government is moving to open up data after the Tory party first made clear that a key shift in how it would govern would involve passing on information to the public .
In the new year Brown intends to publish 2,000 sets of data , possibly including all legislation , as well as road - traffic counts over the past eight years , property prices listed with the stamp - duty yield , motoring offences with types of offence and the numbers , by county , for the top six offences .
It is thought transport providers , such as train , tube and bus companies , will lose the right to demand a hefty fee from companies such as independent travel websites and firms devising programs for mobile phones , who want to publish such information .
The Guardian 's Free Our Data has campaigned for more than three years to persuade the government to " abandon copyright on essential national data , making it freely available to anyone , while keeping the crucial task of collecting that data in the hands of taxpayer - funded agencies " .
Other sets of public data currently not freely available include wills dating back to 1858 , house values recorded in the Land Registry , maps , and flood - risk data for individual homes .
More broadly , it is thought that if the government relinquished control of other data sets it could save money .
The prime minister said that by April he hoped a consultation would be completed on the free provision of Ordnance Survey maps down to a scale of 1:10,000 , ( not the scale of a typical Landranger map set at 1:25,000 ) .
The online maps would be free to all , including commercial users who , previously , had to acquire expensive and restrictive licences at £ 5,000 per usage , a fee many entrepreneurs felt was too high .
Local authorities also spend a lot of money getting access to Ordnance Survey .
Swindon recently had to pay the OS £ 38,000 a year to use its addresses and geographical data , even though it had collected much of the data .
Brown 's announcement comes after Ordnance Survey said , earlier this year , that moving to a free model would cost between £ 500 m and £ 1bn over the next five years .
But a separate study , by a team at Cambridge University , commissioned by the Treasury , found that making all OS data free would cost the government £ 12 m and bring a net gain of £ 156 m .
Today the union representing staff at the OS stated that Brown 's pledge was in " complete contradiction with the OS 's own plans to explore commercial opportunities and find new ways of raising revenue " .
Berners - Lee is working alongside Nigel Shadbolt , a professor of artificial intelligence , working at Southampton University .
The pair are due to present their report to Brown by the end of the year .
• This article was amended on Wednesday 18 November 2009 .
We said the Highways Agency has got an exclusive deal with TrafficTV to send video details from motorway cameras to mobile phones .
The Highways Agency has asked us to make clear that it does not have any exclusive deals for use of its traffic data .
It makes the information freely available to the public directly through its website and provides free access to data feeds and CCTV images to other organisations .
This has been corrected .
The Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office is asking the Board of Supervisors for $ 7 million to cover the costs of legal fees .
Chief Deputy David Hendershott wants the board to transfer the $ 7 million from the county 's general fund to the Sheriff 's Office general fund early next year , according to an agenda item obtained by The Republic .
The money would help pay for legal fees the Sheriff 's Office incurred from three law firms : Ogletree , Deakins , Nash , Smoak and Stewart ; Sanders and Parks ; and Wilenchik and Bartness .
Loretta Barkell , the sheriff 's executive who handles the office 's $ 271 million annual budget , said the agency wants the item placed on the supervisors '
Dec. 16 agenda to cover the legal fees through the end of this year .
The agency requested that the $ 7 million allocation be made to the Sheriff 's Office annually to cover anticipated legal fees in future years , she said .
A change in county policy precipitated the request , Barkell said .
In October , county supervisors approved a new policy that requires elected officials to cover their own legal fees when engaged in disputes with other county officials .
Those fees formerly came out of the county 's general fund .
Lawsuits between county agencies including the Sheriff 's Office , the County Attorney 's Office and the Treasurer 's Office against county administration have cost more than $ 2.5 million in legal fees according to the county 's records through early November .
The Sheriff 's Office has used attorneys from Ogletree , Deakins , Nash , Smoak and Stewart to wage legal battles with the county on issues including control of a law - enforcement computer system and the need to release surveillance footage of sheriff 's deputies arresting Supervisor Don Stapley in a county parking garage .
Wade Swanson , director of the county 's civil - litigation department , said the $ 7 million funding request was surprising .
" Although we have n't heard anything from the Sheriff 's Office on this , this appears to be a very unusual request , " he said .
Politics
Benzinga
The first 2020 presidential debate was held Tuesday night between U.S. President Donald Trump and former Vice President Joe Biden .
Picking A Debate Winner :
While some might say there were no winners from the debate , betting odds for Biden to win the presidency all gained last night .
Betfair shows Biden having a 54.4 % chance to win the election compared to 42.8 % for Trump .
This is the best odds for Biden since July 30 , when he hit a high of 61.2 % .
Trump 's best odds from Betfair were 53.9 % back in March .
PredictIt is showing a 2 cent boost to Biden 's presidential odds , which are now 61 cents .
Trump had no change and is trading at 43 cents .
Electionbettingodds.com , which compiles Betfair , PredictIt and FTX , shows Biden gaining 5.1 % and now having a 59.9 % chance to win the election .
Trump saw his odds fall 4.4 % to 38.4 % .
What About The Stock Market ?
Having a consensus winner of the debate was expected to be a positive , due to the current uncertainty hurting the market .
A contested election is a major concern of investors .
Biden having had a lead in the polls before the debate and gaining after the debate may take away some uncertainty .
The S&P 500 typically moves less than 1 % the day after the first debate .
In pre-market trading , the S&P 500 was up about 0.3 % to 3,345 .
What A Biden Win Means : Trump has come down hard on relations with China .
A win by Biden could boost China stocks , ETFs and technology companies with large international exposure .
The iShares MSCI China ETF ( NASDAQ : MCHI ) is an ETF to watch , while Tencent ( OTC : TCEHY ) is a stock that has been hurt by U.S. - China relations .
The Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF ( NYSE : XLK ) could gain on less regulation and tariffs put on China .
Other sectors that are expected to win from a Biden presidency are renewable energy and infrastructure .
The Global US infrastructure Development ETF ( BATS : PAVE ) is an infrastructure fund to watch with a Biden win .
Biden said Tuesday he does n't support the Green New Deal proposed by democrats , but has his own Biden Plan that will focus on renewable energy .
Renewable energy - related ETFs like ALPS Clean Energy ETF ( BATS : ACES ) , Invesco Solar ETF ( NYSE : TAN ) and VanEck Vectors Low Energy ETF ( NYSE : SMOG ) could see strong gains from a Biden election win .
Biden also highlighted a focus on zero emissions going forward and a push for electric vehicles .
"
We 're going to build 500,000 charging stations on all the highways we 'll be building in the future , " said Biden .
This could be a big win for companies like Blink Charging Co ( NYSE : BLNK ) and ChargePoint , which is merging with SPAC Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation ( NYSE : SBE ) .
Biden is expected to crack down on regulation in industries in the financial , energy and health care sectors .
He has also proposed raising the capital gains tax , which could hurt the overall market , but would need a Democratic sweep across Congress as well .
See more from Benzinga * Options Trades For This Crazy Market : Get Benzinga Options to Follow High - Conviction Trade Ideas * Stock Wars : Activision Blizzard Vs. Electronic Arts Vs. Take - Two * Asana 's Direct Listing IPO : What Investors Need To Know ( C ) 2020 Benzinga.com .
Benzinga does not provide investment advice .
All rights reserved .
Slow motion balloon in the face ****
STARTS AROUND 00:30 ****
Mescal , Mexican Candies , and the Zombie Survival Guide !
Could n't be happier .
Thank you SO MUCH , Secret Santa .
Took one celebratory shot last night with the girlfriend .
Just in time for New Year's .
Gonna try to make it to the worm tonight .
You are a good person , stranger .
Arnold : Take Palin's words with a ' grain of salt '
The Supreme Court today overturned a century - old restriction on corporations using their money to sway federal elections and ruled that companies have a free - speech right to spend as much as they wish to persuade voters to elect or defeat candidates for Congress and the White House .
In a 5 - 4 decision , the court ’s conservative bloc said corporations have the same 1st Amendment rights as individuals and , for that reason , the government may not stop corporations from spending freely to influence the outcome of federal elections .
The decision is probably the most sweeping and consequential handed down under Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. And the outcome may well have an immediate impact on this year ’s mid-term elections to Congress .
Until now , corporations and unions have been barred from spending their own treasury funds on broadcast ads or billboards that urge the election or defeat of a federal candidate .
This restriction dates back to 1907 , when President Theodore Roosevelt called on Congress to forbid corporations , railroads and national banks from using their money in federal election campaigns .
After World War II , Congress extended this ban to labor unions .
In today ’s decision , the high court struck down that restriction and said the 1st Amendment gives corporations , just like individuals , a right to spend their own money on political ads .
“ The 1st Amendment does not permit Congress to make these categorical distinctions based on the corporate identity of the speaker and the content of the political speech , ” said Justice Anthony M. Kennedy for the court .
Two significant prohibitions on corporations were left standing .
Corporations , and presumably unions , cannot give money directly to the campaigns of federal candidates .
These “ contribution ” restrictions were not challenged in the case decided today .
And secondly , the court affirmed current federal rules which require the sponsors of political ads to disclose who paid for them .
Most election - law expert have predicted a court decision freeing corporations will send millions of extra dollars flooding into this fall ’s contests for Congress .
And they predict Republicans will be the main beneficiaries .
Today ’s decision was supported by five justices who were Republican nominees .
They include Kennedy and Roberts along with Justices Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr .
The dissenters included the three Democratic appointees : Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen G. Breyer and Sonia Sotomayor .
They joined a dissent written by 89 - year old Justice John Paul Stevens .
Speaking from the bench , he called today ’s decision “ a radical change in the law ... that dramatically enhances the role of corporations and unions -- and the narrow interests they represent -- in determining who will hold public office . ”
The decision today , though long forecast , displayed a deep division of opinion on the court about the meaning of the 1st Amendment and freedom of speech .
The majority said the Constitution broadly protected discussion and debate on politics , regardless of who was paying for the speech .
Roberts said he was not prepared to “ embrace a theory of the 1st Amendment that would allow censorship not only of television and radio broadcasts , but of pamphlets , posters , the Internet and virtually any other medium that corporations and unions might find useful in expressing their views on matters of public concern . ”
But Stevens and the dissenters said the majority was ignoring the long - understood rule that the government could limit election money from corporations , unions and others , such as foreign governments .
“ Under today ’s decision , multinational corporations controlled by foreign governments ” would have the same rights as Americans to spend money to tilt U.S. elections .
“ Corporations are not human beings .
They ca n’t vote and ca n’t run for office , ” Stevens said , and should be subject to restrictions under the election laws .
Today ’s opinion dealt only with corporations , but its logic would suggest that unions will also have the same right in the future to spend unions funds on ad campaigns for federal candidates .
david.savage@latimes.com
We ’re Watching Big Brother
Democracy Now ’s Amy Goodman was stopped on November 25 en route to Vancouver , where she was scheduled to speak at a benefit for public radio stations .
Armed border guards ransacked her car ( and papers and laptop hard drive ) , and interrogated her for ninety minutes .
Their line of question leaned heavily on the subject matter of her planned remarks at public appearances in Vancouver and Victoria .
They seemed especially concerned ( not to say obsessed ) that she might make negative comments about the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
Goodman actually had a hard time figuring out what the goons were talking about .
At first , she thought they were worried for some reason about Obama ’s recent effort to promote Chicago as an Olympic host .
When they explained their concern over the Vancouver Winter Olympics , her response was “ Oh I had n’t thought of that . ”
In her subsequent remarks on the event , she gives every indication that their chickenshit Winter Olympics were the last thing on her mind .
Well , if she had n’t thought of it before , she certainly has now — and so have millions of other people who otherwise would n’t have given it a second thought .
The border goons ’ attempt to suppress negative comment on the Winter Olympics was about as ineffectual — and comical — as Basil Fawlty ’s attempt to avoid talking about the war .
In an interview with the Globe , she said she planned on discussing the border incident in her public appearances .
“ Clearly , ” that is , “ if it ’s okay with the border police . ”
This is a classic example of the Streisand Effect at work .
Attempts to suppress negative publicity lead to far worse negative publicity — worse by several orders of magnitude .
Rather than a relatively small number of people hearing what Goodman thinks about the Winter Olympics , a very large number of people will hear about border guards trying to shut her up about the Winter Olympics .
As Keith Olbermann said , if they ’re worried about Goodman embarrassing them , it ’s pretty counterproductive to provide her with a script for the next day ’s show .
Not only have the border goons done more to cause the Winter Olympics more negative publicity than Goodman could ever have dreamed of ( assuming she ’d been bored enough to bother ) , they ’ve make themselves look like a bunch of incompetent buffoons in the process .
This is just another example of what a hard time the old state and corporate hierarchies are having adjusting to a networked world .
We see them constantly being blindsided by negative publicity .
They ’re still encultured to a world of unidirectional broadcast communications with centralized , high - cost hubs , where a quiet phone call or lunch with the right person could hush things up just fine .
They ’re just beginning to learn that that world is gone forever .
Every attempt to nip bad publicity in the bud , by schmoozing with some gatekeeper , winds up exploding in their faces .
And no matter how many times it happens , it never stops being funny .
Imagining the looks on the faces of Trafigura management and those Canadian border clowns , I laughed the way I used to at the sight of Elmer Fudd after a shotgun blew up in his face .
We can talk to each other now , and replicate suppressed information infinitely ( or as near as dammit ) , with near - zero transaction costs .
Not only ca n’t they shut us up , but their attempts to do so just cause more embarrassment .
Every attempt to suppress a leaked document winds up being circulated over the Internet .
Every police beating winds up on YouTube .
They ca n’t hide any more .
As Sheldon Richman put it , in commenting on an earlier column about the Streisand Effect , “ We ’re watching Big Brother . ”
Comcast Corp.'s chief executive , Brian Roberts , was gushing last week about his company ’s impending takeover of NBC Universal , saying the deal would give consumers what they want , “ which is access to all different types of content on different platforms and different times . ”
That ’s not the half of it -- but it may not be Comcast in the driver ’s seat .
If federal regulators have their way , the next big thing on the tech horizon will be a brave new world of Internet - ready , work - with - any - network set - top boxes , offering consumers unprecedented multimedia options through their TVs , not just their computers .
And if this plays out as the Federal Communications Commission envisions , the world as cable companies know it will radically change , making the potential synergies of the Comcast - NBC deal all but obsolete .
“ The consumer will be king , ” said Colin Crowell , senior counselor to FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski .
“ You ’ll be able to get your own set - top box that does all the whiz - bang things you want it to do , and you ’ll be in control . ”
The FCC put out the official word last week that it ’s seeking input from industry players and other interested parties about changes to rules governing set - top boxes , including a requirement that all boxes work with all networks , whether run by cable , satellite or phone companies .
At the same time , the FCC is pushing ahead with efforts to make sure that broadband Internet access is available to virtually all households .
“ Computers may be in 74 % of American homes , ” Crowell said , “ but televisions are in 99 % of homes .
Clearly , if your television offered a way to easily switch over to the Internet , we would be providing a way for all Americans to get online . ”
The upshot , as the FCC sees it , is that consumers should be able to buy multi-system , Net - friendly set - top boxes in a newly energized marketplace where electronics companies vie for your business with innovative features and competitive prices .
And your TV will at last live up to its long - ballyhooed potential as a multimedia device , allowing you to effortlessly access video programming , Internet content or entertainment services .
“ Let ’s say you ’re in the mood to watch ‘ Sleepless in Seattle , ’ ” Crowell said .
“ You could either get it as a movie on demand from your cable provider , or go online and see when it ’s going to be on Bravo and set your DVR to record it , or go to Netflix and download it . ”
Or -- and here ’s the nightmare scenario for bulked - up telecom behemoths such as Comcast -- you ’ll go online via your television and watch shows and movies at free sites like Hulu.com .
And even if online video content providers charged a fee for access , chances are it would still be cheaper than what you currently pay for programming packages that typically include dozens if not hundreds of channels you never watch .
Although not everyone would abandon their cable or satellite subscription , it ’s not hard to imagine more than a few people realizing they can suddenly make do with Internet access alone , eliminating the video portion of monthly telecom bills .
The cable industry is aware that change is coming down the pike .
But at this point , it ’s putting on a brave face .
“ The marketplace is rapidly changing , ” acknowledged Brian Dietz , a spokesman for the National Cable and Telecommunications Assn .
“ There are a lot of industries experimenting with how to bring content to consumers , including the cable industry .
The cable industry will adapt to this new technology . ”
It might , but it wo n’t be easy ( as newspapers can readily attest ) .
And existing business models could fall by the wayside as TV viewers shop online for the content they want directly from providers , cutting out the middleman .
As for set - top boxes , the FCC is finally living up to the mandate of the Telecommunications
Act of 1996 , which deregulated telecom markets and also charged the agency with fostering the same competition for set - top boxes that exists for telephones -- in other words , creating a market for plug - and - play devices .
“ The vision that Congress had in 1996 will now be fulfilled , ” said Matt Zinn , general counsel for TiVo Inc. , by far the most successful of the relative handful of companies that have tried to offer their own set - top boxes .
But the FCC ’s newfound commitment to box freedom represents challenges as well for TiVo , which makes most of its revenue from monthly fees for its digital recording service .
What , for instance , would there be to stop some box manufacturer from combining cable / satellite readiness and Internet access with a TiVo - like recorder that requires no extra fees ?
In a word , nothing .
Zinn knows this .
“ If we have to adjust our model to accommodate a new world of competition , we ’ll adjust our model , ” he said .
If the FCC stays the course , that new world is coming , probably sooner rather than later .
This is great for consumers .
But if I were Comcast and I ’d just plunked down almost $ 14 billion for a TV network , a movie studio and a bunch of cable channels on the assumption that this would make my cable network more valuable .
. . .
Well , I ’d be thinking that maybe my assumptions are going to turn out very differently in another year or two .
Smart - phone fees
I wrote last Wednesday about a $ 350 fee that Verizon Wireless will charge if you end your smart - phone contract early .
It did n’t take long to see some action .
A day after my column ran , Democratic Sens .
Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota , Russell D. Feingold of Wisconsin , Jim Webb of Virginia and Mark Begich of Alaska introduced legislation that would cap such fees at the amount a wireless company says it ’s paying to subsidize the handset .
In other words , if the price of your smart phone is reduced by $ 200 if you agree to a two - year service contract , the early - termination fee could n’t be more than $ 200 .
And the amount of that fee would have to go down every month until it reaches zero .
Verizon ’s $ 350 fee goes down by $ 10 a month , but it ’s still $ 110 at the end of two years .
“ Changing your wireless provider should n’t break the bank , ” Klobuchar told me .
“ Forcing consumers to pay outrageous fees bearing little to no relation to the cost of their handset devices is anti-consumer and anti-competitive . ”
Could n’t have said it better myself .
David Lazarus ’ column runs Wednesdays and Sundays .
Send your tips or feedback to david.lazarus@latimes.com .
Police need reasons to believe a suspect is dangerous before firing a Taser and can't use their stun gun simply because the person is disobeying orders or acting erratically , a federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled Monday .
The decision by the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals sets judicial standards for police and for people who claim they were victims of excessive force after police hit them with a Taser dart .
" The objective facts must indicate that the suspect poses an immediate threat to the officer or a member of the public , " Judge Kim Wardlaw said in the 3 - 0 ruling .
Though stun guns may offer a valuable , nonlethal alternative to deadly force in defusing dangerous situations , Wardlaw said , they inflict a " painful and frightening blow " and must be used only when substantial force is necessary and other options are unavailable .
" It 's a significant use of force , not like cuffing someone or using pain compliance or pepper spray , " said Eugene Iredale , a lawyer for a San Diego - area man who was Tasered by a police officer who had stopped him for not wearing a seat belt .
" It 's not to be used promiscuously or lightly . "
The ruling allows Iredale 's client Carl Bryan to go to trial in his damage suit against Brian McPherson , a policeman in Bryan 's hometown of Coronado .
McPherson 's lawyers were unavailable for comment .
Tasers enjoy wide support among law enforcement officials , including George Gascón , San Francisco 's new police chief , who is considering recommending the devices for his officers and has ordered a study of past police shootings to see whether stun guns would have made a difference .
On the other hand , Amnesty International says 334 people died in the United States from 2001 to August 2008 after being hit by Tasers .
McPherson stopped Bryan 's car on a summer morning in 2005 as the 21 - year - old was driving home .
Wearing only boxer shorts and tennis shoes , and upset at himself for forgetting to fasten his seat belt , Bryan swore at himself as he stepped out of the car , and was shouting gibberish and banging his thighs as he stood 15 to 25 feet away from the officer , the court said .
McPherson said Bryan then took one step toward him .
Bryan denied it , and the court said the evidence indicated that Bryan was facing away from McPherson when the officer fired his Taser .
Bryan fell on his face , breaking four front teeth , and needed a hospital visit to remove the electronic dart , the court said .
He was charged with misdemeanors of resisting and opposing an officer , but prosecutors dropped the charges after the jury deadlocked .
Upholding a judge 's refusal to dismiss Bryan 's civil suit , the appeals court said a jury should decide whether the officer had used too much force to subdue someone who was not threatening him .
Bryan was clearly unarmed and did not challenge McPherson verbally or make any menacing gestures , Wardlaw said .
She said McPherson 's claim that Bryan had ignored an order to stay in the car - an order that Bryan denied hearing - would not justify a Taser shooting , nor would the officer 's concern that Bryan might be mentally disturbed .
Other factors that could support a claim of excessive force , Wardlaw said , were the minor nature of the traffic offense , McPherson 's failure to warn Bryan that he might be Tasered and the fact that other officers were on the way to the scene .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- AIG announced Tuesday that it completed a deal wiping out $ 25 billion of its debt to taxpayers by selling stakes in two subsidiaries to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
The troubled insurer gave the New York Fed preferred shares of two of its international life insurance companies , including $ 16 billion of American International Assurance Co. and $ 9 billion of American Life Insurance Co .
The deal was originally announced in March .
The deal brings the New York - based insurer 's debt to the New York Fed down to $ 17 billion .
AIG also still owes the U.S. Treasury $ 44.8 billion from a separate Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) loan , so the insurer still owes taxpayers just under $ 62 billion .
AIG Chief Executive Bob Benmosche said , in a press release , that the debt reduction " sends a clear message to taxpayers : AIG continues to make good on its commitment to pay the American people back . "
AIG's ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) stock rose more than 4 % on the news in morning trading .
" The agreements further the goals of enabling AIG to fully repay the assistance that it has received from U.S. taxpayers and advancing the company 's global restructuring process , " the New York Fed said in a statement when the deal was first announced in March .
The Federal Bank of New York initially provided $ 85 billion worth of support to AIG in September 2008 , when the company was on the brink of collapse .
AIG 's government rescue plan has since been restructured three times , and its total bailout is now worth up to $ 182 billion .
But much of that bailout has come in the form of government asset purchases that AIG does not need to repay .
In addition to the $ 25 billion announced on Tuesday , the government in March bought up nearly $ 40 billion of insurance agreements and mortgage - backed securities held by AIG and its business partners .
To pay back the remaining $ 62 billion it owes the government , AIG will continue to sell off its assets .
Despite recording two straight profitable quarters , AIG has said it will not generate enough earnings to repay taxpayers with profits alone .
AIG said Tuesday 's transaction will force the company to take a hefty $ 5.7 billion restructuring charge in the current quarter , which will likely wipe out any profits AIG would have registered in the last three months of 2009 .
Despite the government support , the company still faces a steep uphill battle to return to health .
Shares of the insurer tumbled 15 % Monday , after Bernstein Research analyst Todd Bault told investors that he cut the 12 - month price target to $ 12 a share from $ 20 because the insurer 's " loss reserves are significantly deficient again , much sooner than we would have forecast two years ago . "
On Nov. 25 , AIG announced that it had resolved its legal dispute with former chairman Maurice " Hank " Greenberg .
As we know , or at least most of us anyway , there have been rumors of a Gphone for a long time .
And there has been actually no Gphone so far , just phones and other devices running Google ’s Android OS .
Google has confirmed that they do n’t make hardware .
According to Tom Krazit from CNET , “ Google ’s Andy Rubin , head of the company ’s Android development , would like to clear something up : Google is not in the phone - making business . ”
So there you have it folks , apparently , Google will not compete with its customers by releasing its own phone .
Which many believe is the right path for the company .
Rubin , besides making clear that Google does n’t make hardware , also said ; “ We ’re enabling other people to build hardware . ”
The vice president of engineering for Android at Google also joked at why Google should not be making its own hardware .
He gave the example of Google advocating for the infamous hinge design on the G1 .
He said that specific design was n’t popular with reviewers .
Rubin also said that at this moment , the company does not seem prepared to make a shift in Google ’s business model .
From the Human Rights Watch statement " Israel : End Arbitrary Detention of Rights Activist " :
Israeli authorities have detained Othman without charge for more than two months on what appear to be politically motivated grounds .
On the basis of secret evidence that Othman and his lawyers were not allowed to see , a military court confirmed a military order that consigned Othman to three months administrative detention without charging him with any crime .
Othman has no criminal record and , to the knowledge of Human Rights Watch , has never advocated or participated in violence .
His detention period , which may be renewed , ends on December 22 .
" The only reasonable conclusion is that Othman is being punished for his peaceful advocacy , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch .
" The authorities interrogated him for months , then ordered him held some more , but they wo n’t say why they are holding him and have n’t accused him of any crime . "
Learn more about Othman ’s here – http://freemohammadothman.wordpress.com/.
From Rexburg ’s Standard Journal :
Idaho gubernatorial candidate Rex Rammell will be mixing what he calls doctrines from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints into his gubernatorial campaign in a series of meetings slated for LDS elders only .
In January , Rammell will kick off a series of special meetings targeted specifically at “ faithful priesthood - holders of the LDS Church ” to discuss the so - called “ White Horse ” prophecy .
Borrowing a line more commonly used by the LDS leadership to explain Mormon temple ceremonies , the candidate described his rallies as sacred , not secret :
“ There is nothing secret about the meeting — it ’s just the sacred nature of the things we will be talking about , ” said Rammell .
“ We are going to talk about ( LDS Church founder ) Joseph Smith ’s prophecy that the Constitution will be hanging by a thread and that the Latter - day Saint elders will step forward and save it . ”
Mormon women are barred from holding the LDS priesthood , but the GOP hopeful provided a further explanation for their exclusion from the campaign meetings :
Rammell said that though LDS women were not invited because of lack of space , he hopes that the men will take the message home to their wives .
And what message might some critics take home from Rammell ’s announcement ?
As the Standard Journal notes : “ In the past , Rammell has been criticized for using his faith to further his campaign . ”
Whether the aspiring Republican is guilty of that in this instance will be the subject of in - depth follow - up coverage by the Standard Journal , just as soon as its reporters have obtained the ecclesiastical clearance required to attend Rammell campaign events .
( image h/t Steven Pope )
In other political news :
Utah native and Brigham Young University alumnus Matthew S. Petersen has been elected to serve as chairman of the Federal Election Commission in 2010 .
David J. Harmer , Mormon congressional candidate : The Spirit prompted me to run , because I am strong like Captain Moroni .
( Gen. JC Christian , patriot , provides additional commentary : Captain Moroni for Congress )
And … Meet Ben McAdams ,
Utah ’s newest state senator :
Ben McAdams , a senior adviser for Salt Lake Mayor Ralph Becker , will become Utah ’s newest state senator … McAdams , who is married and the father of three children , told the delegates he would work for fairness and equality .
“ I plan to be a visible ally for gay and transgendered Utahns , ” he said .
“ We are agents of change . “
More Mormons like Ben McAdams , please .
An Internet rumor about a Democratic senator being drunk on the Senate floor has prompted Mark Foley , the disgraced Florida Republican , to issue harsh words of condemnation that some observers see as being hypocritical .
Sen . Max Baucus ( D - MT ) was accused last week by an anonymous YouTube user of being drunk on the Senate floor December 22 when he criticized Republicans for negotiating in bad faith on health care reform .
The video , posted by a user named “ Socialists Steal , ” shows Baucus slurring his words on several occasions during his address .
ADVERTISEMENT
As David Weigel points out at the Washington Independent , Baucus often slurs his words , and Politico reports that the Montana senator ’s spokespeople are slamming the claim as an “ untrue personal smear internet rumor . ”
Despite the lack of evidence , the Internet rumor made its way into the news cycle , with the Drudge Report headlining it under the title “ DRUNK WITH POWER ?
TOP DEM SLURS ON SENATE FLOOR … ”
And that ’s when former Florida House Rep. Mark Foley got in on the action .
Foley , who was forced to resign in September , 2006 , after it emerged that he had exchanged sexually - charged text messages with underage congressional interns , posted the video to his Facebook page .
“ This is the senator that hired his staffer and then took her on trips … and divorced his wife … and they had me run out of town , ” Foley wrote on his Facebook page , as quoted at Politico .
In another posting , Foley called for breathalyzer tests for members of Congress .
The criticism is laden with irony , given that Foley entered rehab after resigning from the House , blaming his indiscretions with teenage boys on alcohol .
ADVERTISEMENT
The link to the video , as well as the breathalyzer and divorce comments , have now been deleted from Foley ’s Facebook page — perhaps an indication that the former elected official is n’t entirely certain about the claim that Baucus was drunk on the Senate floor .
The blogosphere responded immediately with accusations of hypocrisy against Foley .
“ Yes , Mark , they had you run out of town because you were sending creepy , sexty instant messages to teenage Congressional pages , lest we forget , ” writes Jason Linkins at the Huffington Post .
ADVERTISEMENT
For his part , Foley seems to be happy to have gained some attention .
“ My Facebook post just hit the top of Drudge , ” Foley wrote , referring to the Politico article that quotes him .
Foley ’s Facebook page indicates a predilection for news items having to do with sex scandals — as well as a seeming lack of awareness of the irony of this .
ADVERTISEMENT
Linking to an article about an Indian state governor who had to resign after being caught on tape in bed with three women , Foley wrote : “ Give the guy a bit of credit … he ’s 86 and doing tapes with three women . ”
Commenting on a Fox News report that Baucus ’ girlfriend and aide was involved in his divorce proceedings , Foley wrote : “ Curious as to see if the Congress holds a ‘ show trial ’ on this issue like they did for me …
They were able to have my case heard in very short time . ”
Political observers have turned their criticism on to news sources that they say have given the Baucus rumor credibility by reporting on it .
The Washington Independent ’s Weigel writes :
ADVERTISEMENT
The thing is , this sort of “ drunk ” smear against a Democrat giving a slightly slurred speech is not new .
Last year , immediately after Joe Biden became Barack Obama ’s running mate , a YouTube member named JonnyRatheon posted a 2:27 clip of Biden on the campaign trail and titled it “ Joe Biden drunk on campaign trail – NOT a joke video . ”
Of course , Biden was not drunk .
The vice president — who survived an aneurysm in 1988 and has an easily parodied , freewheeling speaking style — is a teetotaler .
But do a YouTube search for “ Biden ” and “ drunk ” and you ’ll find numerous videos posted by people who mistake some slurred speech for inebriation .
The following video was broadcast on MSNBC ’s News Live , December 29 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
U.S. SPOTS IRANIAN MISSILES U.S. SPOTS IRANIAN MISSILES
Trained eye can see right through box of weapons WASHINGTON 
In the closed world of spy satellite photo analysis , it 's called " crate - ology " : the science of identifying a weapon or some other key component by the size and shape of its box .
The technique came into play last month when a U.S. spy satellite , looking down on an Iranian air base , captured images of military crews loading what U.S. intelligence analysts concluded were eight C - 802 Noor anti-ship cruise missiles on board a transport plane , according to intelligence officials .
The episode was detailed by one U.S. intelligence official who saw a report on the incident .
It was confirmed by a U.S. official from a second intelligence agency and by a diplomat with a foreign government .
They did not want their names used because they were not authorized to discuss the incident .
The ability of U.S. analysts to say with confidence what was in the boxes set off a chain of events that blocked the shipment to Syria , the U.S. intelligence officials said .
They said the weapons were to be forwarded to Hezbollah guerrillas fighting Israeli forces in Lebanon .
The C - 802 is " the size of a small truck , " says Robert Hewson , a missile expert with Jane 's , an authoritative military reference service .
Information about the crate , proximity to the place of manufacture and shipping route would enable an analyst to identify it with near certainty as a C - 802 , he says .
Hewson said there is an entire discipline in intelligence on the technique of identifying weapons based on their containers .
Dino Brugioni helped develop the technique during a career that spanned four decades in increasingly senior positions as a U.S. imagery intelligence analyst .
Brugioni , who in retirement has been a consultant to U.S. intelligence agencies , said analysts use large catalogs with detailed information on weapons crates .
The boxes are distinctive , he said .
An analyst can quickly tell the type of ammunition or artillery shells by the box used to ship them , he said .
Brugioni said other indicators — for example , a crew taking precautions by loading explosives on a plane far from any buildings — tell analysts that boxes are not empty .
After war broke out between Israel and Hezbollah on July 12 , U.S. intelligence analysts began looking for evidence that Iran would try to resupply missiles to the group , the U.S. officials said .
The effectiveness of earlier Hezbollah missile attacks , the belief that it had only a handful of the anti-ship missiles at the war 's start and Iran 's role as the group 's principal source of weapons fed this concern , they said .
On July 14 , Hezbollah fired at least three C - 802 missiles , one of which damaged an Israeli warship off Lebanon and killed four sailors , Israeli 's military said .
The use of the C - 802s in these attacks helped solidify claims by Israel and the Bush administration that Iran was arming Hezbollah .
Iran also trained Hezbollah fighters in the operation of the missile system and sent advisers to Lebanon to assist in the missiles ' use , according to John Bolton , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations .
At a Senate hearing July 27 , Bolton said Iran provides Hezbollah an estimated $ 100 million per year in weapons and aid .
" They 're the paymasters , and they 're calling the tune , " he said .
Brugioni said that during crises , U.S. satellites regularly photograph air bases of countries involved , because shipping weapons by air is often the option of choice in a rapidly developing conflict .
Iran bought 60 of the missiles , sometimes mislabeled " Silkworms , " between the end of the Persian Gulf War in 1991 and 1997 , when protests by the Clinton administration led China to suspend sales .
Since then , under license from China , Iran has been manufacturing the C - 802 missiles on its own , Hewson said .
