Giving by the power of Facebook !
A grassroots social networking campaign to get Rage Against the Machine ’s track ‘ Killing in the Name Of ’ to number one is raising tens of thousands of pounds for Shelter this Christmas .
A Facebook group was started by Tracy and Jon Morter to encourage people to buy the track and avoid the X Factor monopoly of the number 1 spot .
Within days , the group had over half a million members .
Tracy and Jon are asking members to make a Christmas donation to Shelter when they buy the track .
To date , they ’ve raised a grand total of £ 42,000 through their Justgiving page , and the figure is rising all the time .
Tracy Morter commented : ' When Jon and I started the group it was just a bit of fun , we had no idea we'd get this much support .
Once we realised the impact of the campaign we thought it would be a waste to not make use of the attention to do some good for those in need .
' This year , thanks to the recession , it has been particularly hard on people , keeping a roof over your head has become increasingly hard , people have lost their homes , so it made sense to try and help Shelter . '
Tracy added : ' We are so amazed at how generous people have been .
This has been the best bit about this campaign madness , even if Rage do n't make it to number 1 it's all been worth it just for this . '
All donations – large and small – make a big difference to our work with homeless and badly housed people .
A big thank you to Tracy and Jon for choosing to support Shelter , and to everyone who has donated through the campaign .
I do n't pretend that my voice is going to be anywhere near loud enough to drown out all the noise that 's arising from the border arrest and apparent assault of my friend Peter Watts ( and here we pause so you can read the two things that Peter has written about it , Boing Boing 's entry John Scalzi 's entry , and the post at Making Light , all of which have garnered a fair amount of attention , in our own little subset of fields , at least ) .
There have been many good things to come out of this , most of all the solidarity for Peter that has resulted in money being raised to help with his sure - to - be - hefty legal fees .
And that 's important , for sure .
Could I say anything else about what happened to Peter ?
I could , but if you follow the links you 'll see two comments by me on Scalzi 's blog ( one of them quoted at Making Light ) , and one , shorter one , at Making Light .
No , what I need to say has more to do with the stampede that may do real harm to Peter 's chances to get out of this with his hide and his record intact .
One commenter at Whatever , Dora P , has announced that she is planning a possible protest caravan .
On Facebook there is now an " Against the arrest and beating of Peter Watts " page , because , I guess , we need to rule out those who are " for " it ( although my tongue in cheek moment might fail here because there are people out there who are quick to blame Peter ) .
And everywhere there are comments and other blog posts where people are venting as much fury and rage against the border patrol as they possibly can .
The more noise is made , the more likely it is that the prosecutor will push to take this to court .
Much as I remember the way things worked when people would protest against the Tory government in Alberta back in the day , any attempt to embarrass those in authority would result in a digging in of the heels and a severe pushback .
The prosecutor has to work with the border guards at Port Huron , and therefore he or she needs to stay in their good graces ( and , I imagine , vice versa ) .
These people work together all the time , and build that working relationship on trust .
When someone screws up , the automatic reaction will likely be to get their back , and if others are out there working hard to show them up , the wagons circle even tighter .
This is by no means a way of saying that they are right in what they do .
It just is .
Now , if we 're a little less forceful for the time being , then perhaps Peter has a chance of this all being dismissed .
But if he goes to trial , then he has a chance to speak to what was done to him in an open court of law , and we can hope that the proper checks and balances , coupled with the money we 've helped raise to pay for a good lawyer , will serve to bring to light of day the wrongs that have happened .
And then we can reach out , make calls , write letters , stand up .
What happened can't stand , I know that .
But right now the best possible result is the short - term one , in which Peter avoids being sent to jail for that mandatory two year term .
Everything else , as important as it is , needs to be set back for the time being .
Labels : law , Peter Watts
Here in Vermont , there has been no shortage of heart - wrenching evidence that this country ’s dairy farmers face a financial crisis of epic proportions .
Last August , I attended an auction where a farm that had been in the same family for 144 years — six generations — was sold off during the course of a single day , tractor by tractor and cow by cow due to low milk prices .
My neighbor , Henry , a small operator who works 365 days a year to tend about 55 Holsteins , stopped beside the road to chat the other day .
In order to make it through the winter , he told me he needed to sell some of his animals .
But even though he is asking only $ 500 a cow , about a third of the usual price , he ’s found no buyers .
“ Everybody ’s as broke as I am , ” he said .
“ I do n’t know what I am going to do . ”
Then , at about 4:00 in the afternoon of December 22 , José Obeth Santiz Cruz , a 20 - year - old youth from Las Margaritas in the state of Chiapas in southern Mexico , died after becoming caught in a manure removal conveyer inside the barn of the Vermont farm where he worked .
Because he lacked documentation , it took more than a week for officials to determine who he really was , how old he was , and where he came from .
Vermont likes to market itself as a verdant , wholesome state with picturesque black and white Holstein ’s grazing on hillside pastures .
But the postcard image hides an ugly truth .
Santiz Cruz was one of 1,500 to 2,000 immigrant workers , most lacking legal papers , who toil invisibly behind the scenes in the Vermont ’s beleaguered dairy industry , working 80 - hour weeks and living in total isolation , often sleeping in the very barns with the cows they tend .
“ Vermont ’s dairy farms depend on migrant workers , ” said Brendan O’Neill , coordinator of the Vermont Migrant Farmworker Solidarity Project .
“ But there is no dignity in performing important work for that amount of time and having to hide yourself , never seeing the light of day .
These people live and work in the shadows . ”
Even when mourning the death of one of thier own , the workers stayed in the shadows .
Santiz Cruz had 80 extended family members and friends working on nearby Vermont farms , but according to O’Neill , they feared gathering to hold a memorial service for the youth because of the possibility of prosecution and deportation .
It was left to a handful of workers ’ rights advocates to hold a quiet candlelight vigil in his honor .
As a further grim reminder of how dispensable laborers are to modern agribusiness , there is some question about how the young man ’s remains will be returned home for burial — an effort that could cost as much as $ 10,000 .
The Vermont Workers ’ Center has started a memorial fund and is working with the Mexican consulate in Boston and the office of Sen.
Patrick Leahy , D - Vt. , to get the body back to Las Margaritas .
The story of Santiz Cruz is worth thinking about the next time you stand in front of the dairy case at your local market .
Despite their colorful labels depicting happy cows and bucolic red barns , those inexpensive bottles and cartons come to us with an incalculably high human price tag .
Share on Facebook
On the eve of the Federal court challenge to Prop 8 , David Boies appeared on Good Morning America Weekend edition to discuss the upcoming case which begins in San Francisco tomorrow .
Watch :
[ pro -player width= ’ 480 ′ height = ’320 ′ type= ’ video ’ image =
’http://inlookout.com/site/media/images/boiesprop8.jpg’]http://video-cdn.abcnews.com/100110_gma_prop_8.flv[/pro-player]
Post by ILO on 01/10/10 at 3:28 pm
New hearing ordered for man licensed to grow medical marijuana .
A B.C. Supreme Court judge has overturned the eviction of a Sunshine Coast man facing criminal charges .
In a December 18 decision , Justice Laura Gerow ruled that tenant Jerome Anthony Williams had been “ unable to present his side of the case ” before dispute - resolution officer Bryan Wilkinson because of pending criminal charges .
Wilkinson , who upheld the eviction by Holywell Properties , made no record of the hearing , only submitting the reasons for his decision to the court .
“ It is evident from his reasons , that the DRO was aware the petitioner [ Williams ] was following his lawyer ’s advice in not commenting on the outstanding charges , and that the petitioner ’s failure to comment was based , in part , on his understanding that the outstanding charges would go to credibility only , ” Gerow wrote .
“ In the circumstances , I have concluded that the high degree of fairness owed by the decision maker to the petitioner was not discharged . ”
In her decision , Gerow set aside Wilkinson ’s order and remitted Williams ’s application to the Residential Tenancy Branch for a new hearing before a different dispute - resolution officer .
Williams began renting a house in Halfmoon Bay in January 2006 .
According to Gerow ’s decision , a series of disputes occurred between him and his landlord , which led to six hearings under the Residential Tenancy Act .
“ For the most part , ” Gerow wrote , “ the hearings have dealt with [ the ] fact that the petitioner [ Williams ] is licensed to grow and use medical marijuana . ”
On July 28 , 2009 , the landlord served him with an eviction notice , which he challenged .
Gerow noted that according to Wilkinson ’s reasons , the landlord submitted evidence that Williams had engaged in “ illegal activity that has or is likely to result in damage to the landlord ’s property ” .
In addition , the landlord furnished information from a peace officer that Williams had been charged with being in possession of stolen property .
“ The landlord also presented a petition signed by a number of the tenant ’s neighbours asking the landlord to end the tenancy as a result of the charges , ” Gerow wrote .
Williams claimed in court that there was no evidence that he had caused damage to the property , and that Wilkinson “ demonstrated bias ” by pressuring him to move before issuing his order .
In addition , Williams alleged that Wilkinson “ made an unreasonable finding of fact in relying on the petition signed by the neighbours ” .
“ In my opinion , the first issue that should be dealt with is whether the procedures followed by the DRO respected the duty of procedural fairness , ” Gerow wrote in her decision .
“ At the heart of this analysis is whether , considering all the circumstances , the petitioner and respondent had a meaningful opportunity to present their case fully and fairly . ”
In the end , Gerow concluded there were “ several procedural problems ” that infringed on Williams ’s right to be heard .
One of the big issues facing hydrogen is just where we 're supposed to fill the cars that might run on the stuff .
A Connecticut company is answering that question on the East Coast with plans for a " hydrogen highway " that will extend from Portland , Maine , to southern Florida .
California historically has been a hotbed of hydrogen research and development , but SunHydro wants to put the East Coast on the H2 map with 11 solar refueling stations .
The self - contained stations use electrolysis technology from Proton Energy that takes electricity generated from solar power and splits water into hydrogen and oxygen .
The process results in considerably fewer emissions than the traditional methods of shipping hydrogen to fueling stations by truck or reforming it from natural gas .
" Our goal is to make it possible for hydrogen car to drive from Maine to Miami strictly on sun and water , " company president Michael Grey said .
For all the attention on electric cars these days , several automakers continue developing hydrogen fuel cell vehicles .
Honda is especially enamored with the technology .
General Motors put the Chevrolet Equinox fuel cell vehicle in a few dozen driveways .
Nissan is leasing a XTrail FCV truck to Coca - Cola .
And Mercedes Benz will offer the F - Cell to " selected customers " in Europe and the United States this spring .
Mazda and Volkswagen are among the technology 's proponents as well .
So , beyond giving the few hydrogen cars on the road a place to fuel up , the stations could help solve the the " chicken and egg " problem where the lack of fueling infrastructure begot a lack of cars and vice - versa .
" Having talked to several of the auto manufacturers , the indication that we 've received is that there has to be a network of stations on the east coast for them to bring the cars here , " Grey said .
" They want to bring the cars here , but there ’s nowhere to fuel them . "
That quandary is familiar to Paul Williamson of the University of Montana College of Technology .
" There 's no sense having hydrogen cars if there 's no place to refuel them , " Williamson said .
" Most of the development is happening in California .
Why ?
Because they have refueling stations . "
Williamson , whose family owned a service station when he was younger , likens the adoption of hydrogen technology to the early days of diesel .
" We put in a pump behind our service station to begin with , and we had some cars and trucks here and there , " he said .
Similarly , SunHydro 's stations will appeal to early adopters and will be able to fill 10 to 15 vehicles per day to start .
That is n't much , but you 've got to start somewhere .
The first stations will be located in Portland , Maine ; Braintree , Massachusetts ; Wallingford , Connecticut ; South Hackensack , New Jersey ; Claymont , Delaware ; Richmond , Virginia ; Charlotte , North Carolina ; Atlanta and Savannah , Georgia ; and Orlando and Miami , Florida .
If all goes well , Grey said the company hopes to expand westward .
" We ’ve just decided that somebody needed to start this process , " Grey said .
" You have a lot of the big companies talk about it , but nobody 's stepped up to the plate and made it happen . "
The company says using solar power to split water makes the capital requirements and maintenance costs cheaper than other hydrogen technologies .
" From an efficiency standpoint , using the sun to make hydrogen is probably the most efficient method out there , " Mark Schiller , Vice President of Business Development at Proton , said .
The stations cost as much as $ 3 million to install and rely on private funding to make it happen ( Tom Sullivan , founder of the Lumber Liquidators flooring supply chain , paid $ 10.2 million for Proton in August ) .
Williamson says that 's the cost of doing business for a future - oriented company .
" You 've got to have some visionary risk taking if you want to be a company of the future , " he said .
" Otherwise , you 'll fall by the wayside . "
Photo of a Mercedes - Benz F - Cell : Daimler
See Also :
by
BitTorrent is popular because it lets anyone distribute large files at low cost .
Which kinds of files are available on BitTorrent ?
Sauhard Sahi , a Princeton senior , decided to find out .
Sauhard ’s independent work last semester , under my supervision , set out to measure what was available on BitTorrent .
This post , summarizing his results , was co-written by Sauhard and me .
Sauhard chose a ( uniform ) random sample of files available via the trackerless variant of BitTorrent , using the Mainline DHT .
The sample comprised 1021 files .
He classified the files in the sample by file type , language , and apparent copyright status .
Before describing the results , we need to offer two caveats .
First , the results apply only to the Mainline trackerless BitTorrent system that we surveyed .
Other parts of the BitTorrent ecosystem might be different .
Second , all files that were available were equally likely to appear in the sample — the sample was not weighted by number of downloads , and it probably contains files that were never downloaded at all .
So we ca n’t say anything about the characteristics of BitTorrent downloads , or even of files that are downloaded via BitTorrent , only about files that are available on BitTorrent .
With that out of the way , here ’s what Sauhard found .
File types
46 % movies and shows ( non-pornographic )
14 % games and software
14 % pornography
10 % music
1 % books and guides
1 % images
14 % could not classify
Movies / Shows
For the movies and shows category , the predominant file format was AVI , and other formats included RMVB ( a proprietary format for RealPlayer ) , MPEG , raw DVD , and some multi-part RAR archives .
Interestingly , this section was heavily biased towards recent movies , instead of being spread out evenly over a number of years .
In descending order of frequency , we found that 60 % of the randomly selected movies and shows were in English , 8 % were in Spanish , 7 % were in Russian , 5 % were in Polish , 5 % were in Japanese , 4 % were in Chinese , 4 % could not be determined , 3 % were in French , 1 % were in Italian , and other infrequent languages accounted for 2 % of the distribution .
Games / Software
For the games and software category , there was no clearly dominant file type , but common file types for software included ISO disc images , multi-part RAR archives , and EXE ( Windows executables ) .
The games were targeted for running on different architectures , such as the XBOX 360 , Nintendo Wii , and Windows PC’s .
In descending order , we found that 74 % of games and software in the sample were in English , 12 % were in Japanese , 5 % were in Spanish , 4 % were in Chinese , 2 % were in Polish , and 1 % were in Russian and French each .
Pornography
For the pornography category , the predominant encoding format was AVI , similar to the movies category .
However , there were significantly more MPG and WMV ( Windows Media Video ) files available .
Also , most pornography torrents included the full pornographic video , a sample of the video ( a 1 - 5 minute extract of the video ) , as well as posters or images of the porn stars in JPEG format .
Also , as these videos are not typically dated like movies are , it is difficult to make any remarks regarding the recency bias for pornographic torrents .
Our assumption would be that demand for pornography is not as time - sensitive as demand for movies , so it is likely that these pornographic videos constitute a broader spectrum of time than the movies do .
In descending order , we found that 53 % of pornography in our sample was in English , 16 % was in Chinese , 15 % was in Japanese , 6 % was in Russian , 3 % was in German , 2 % was in French , 2 % was unclassifiable , and Italian , Hindi , and Spanish appeared infrequently ( 1 % each ) .
Music
For the music category , the predominant encoding format for music was MP3 , there were some albums ripped to WMA ( Windows Media Audio , a Microsoft codec ) , and there were also ISO images and multi-part RAR archives .
There is still a bias towards recent albums and songs , but it is not as strongly evident as it is for movies — perhaps because people are more willing to continue seeding music even after it is no longer new , so these torrents are able to stay alive longer in the DHT .
In descending order , we found that 78 % of music torrents in our sample were in English , 6 % were in Russian , 4 % were in Spanish , 2 % were in Japanese and Chinese each , and other infrequent languages appeared 1 % each .
Books / Guides
The books / guides and images categories were fairly minor .
We classified 15 torrents under books and guides — 13 were in English , 1 was in French , and 1 was in Russian .
We classified 3 image torrents — one was a set of national park wallpapers , one was a set of pictures of BMW cars ( both of these are English ) , and one was a Japanese comic strip .
Apparent Copyright Infringement
Our final assessment involved determining whether or not each file seemed likely to be copyright - infringing .
We classified a file as likely non-infringing if it appeared to be ( 1 ) in the public domain , ( 2 ) freely available through legitimate channels , or ( 3 ) user - generated content .
These were judgment calls on our part , based on the contents of the files , together with some external research .
By this definition , all of the 476 movies or TV shows in the sample were found to be likely infringing .
We found seven of the 148 files in the games and software category to be likely non-infringing — including two Linux distributions , free plug - in packs for games , as well as free and beta software .
In the pornography category , one of the 145 files claimed to be an amateur video , and we gave it the benefit of the doubt as likely non-infringing .
All of the 98 music torrents were likely infringing .
Two of the fifteen files in the books / guides category seemed to be likely non-infringing .
Overall , we classified ten of the 1021 files , or approximately 1 % , as likely non-infringing , This result should be interpreted with caution , as we may have missed some non-infringing files , and our sample is of files available , not files actually downloaded .
Still , the result suggests strongly that copyright infringement is widespread among BitTorrent users .
A reader writes :
I teach in a well - off suburban public high school in the midwest .
My students excel ; they 're hardworking and ambitious .
My class is a demanding elective .
The subject matter includes lots of critical thinking .
Politics is a common topic .
We have frequent opinionated political discussion which usually feeds rich , committed writing .
These kids are well above the average high school student in nearly every way -- communication skills , experience , close reading , careful pessimism , involvement .
They are mature enough to balance the value of strong personal or family opinions with the value of balance in public discussion or their school research and writing .
They can evaluate an audience .
They succeed and come off as smart , articulate , mature , and balanced .
My conservative students can't discuss or write about Palin to my satisfaction .
These conservative kids can be intelligently critical of Obama and his policies ; of the wars ; of Bush and torture and the Constitution , and so on .
They can make arguments that touch on religion and social issues they care strongly about without sliding into emotion or fallacy .
They can dispute with the other students in a thoughtful and orderly way over most issues .
But when Palin enters the conversation , they become adamant , unthinking partisans .
The eyes go blank .
They seem starstruck and smile a lot ( girls and boys . )
They do not dispute evidence that she was unqualified or ill informed ; they just ignore it .
When they returned from an appearance Palin made nearby , four of my students behaved like they 'd seen Miley Cyrus , not a potential leader of the free world .
When it comes to Palin 2012 , they tend to nod knowingly with a little secret smile and say " You 'll see . "
And any political argument that flows from or around Palin becomes empty , uncompromising , and irrational .
Suddenly they say " believe " or " trust " or " faith " a lot .
They are suddenly uninterested in reading or checking claims , or even discussing issues .
It 's all personality and emotion all the time .
This is a real problem .
I do n't think it 's me .
I am a very experienced teacher and I 've always had good success in maintaining a challenging neutrality for these students .
They usually can't even figure out how I vote .
I 've never had any trouble before keeping them in a productive path while respecting their opinions .
But when Palin appears , their writing becomes unsatisfactory , their arguments become vague , their logic becomes spotty , their evidence contradictory or false .
I 've happily worked with writers who idolized Brigham Young and Jesse Helms ( and Jesse Jackson and Ralph Nader , too . )
In these classes I usually find conservative students very good at polishing arguments , making cases , and improving their writing .
But Palin seems to suck the logic out of the room .
The factual basis of claims is integral to my kids ' work , and Palin - - maybe just her , maybe her phenomenon , I do n't know -- makes that difficult , and worse every week as her wild discrepancies mount .
I risk parent trouble and the imputation of bias if I do as my teacher 's experience , training , and conscience dictates .
I fear that this is a true break from the already tenuous connection to reality represented by the American far - right .
I 'll say this -- it is the first time I can remember that I had real trouble helping students write well when they were already engaged enough to care about politics .
A report has said the attack on the two boys could have been prevented Two brothers threatened to kill two boys in a brutal ordeal in which the victims were stamped on and attacked with broken glass , bricks and sticks .
Sheffield Crown Court heard the pair , aged 10 and 12 , led the youngsters to an isolated spot in Edlington .
One victim was forced to strip naked and perform a sex act and a metal ring was used to strangle one boy , the three - day sentencing hearing was told .
The pair have admitted causing grievous bodily harm with intent .
They have also each pleaded guilty to robbing one of the boys of a mobile phone and the other of cash and have admitted two counts of intentionally causing a child to engage in sexual activity .
What they endured was humiliating and embarrassing
Prosecutor Nicholas Campbell
Ministers clash over attacks
They are being sentenced in a hearing that is expected to last three days .
Child protection expert Dr Eileen Vizard told the sentencing judge , Mr Justice Keith , that the younger brother was a " very high risk " to the community and was at risk of becoming " a seriously disturbed psychopathic offender " unless he was properly treated .
She said he demonstrated " callous , unemotional traits " and " showed very little , hardly any empathy for his victims " .
The judge was told the victims , then aged nine and 11 , set out on Saturday 4 April with their BMX bikes and their dog .
They were approached by the brothers after they went to a shop and the brothers , whom they had met before , asked to use their bikes .
They then asked their victims if they wanted to go and see a dead fox .
Prosecuting , Nicholas Campbell QC said the brothers took hold of their victims and dragged them through a gap in a fence , while threatening to kill them .
' Emotionally traumatic '
During the attack , the older brother focused his attention on the older victim , while the other brother targeted the younger boy .
The prosecutor said the victims , who are uncle and nephew , were subjected to an assault that was " both physically painful and emotionally traumatic - it was frightening " .
" In addition , what they endured was humiliating and embarrassing . "
The court was told the brothers stamped on their victims and collected bricks and stones , which were thrown at their heads .
The two attackers were arrested by allotments in Edlington Police who searched the scene later found a great deal of blood and blood - stained " weapons " including a wooden branch and a stone weighing 28 lbs .
The court heard how a metal ring was used by the elder brother to attempt to strangle one of the boys .
Mr Campbell said one of the boys was stripped naked and was told to perform a sex act .
When people were heard approaching the area , a plastic sheet was placed over the two boys , which was then set on fire causing burns to the boys .
Mr Campbell said when the younger boy refused to cross a stream he was told : " If you 're not going to come over here , then you 'd better kill yourself .
Otherwise we 're going to come over and do it . "
Attack videoed Eventually the younger defendant said they had to go to meet their father .
Mr Campbell said : " [ The older brother ] replied ' One minute .
I need to kill them both because they might just grass on us ' . "
Rocks were then thrown at the two victims before the pair left , telling the two boys to stay where they were or they would " come back and finish you off " .
The families of the two victims gasped and cried as mobile phone footage of part of the attack was played in court .
The 20 - second video , taken by one of the brothers , showed his sibling taunting and hitting one of his victims as he lay on the ground covered in blood .
The brothers have also admitted causing another 11 - year - old boy actual bodily harm a week before the young boys were attacked .
A BBC investigation has already revealed the two attackers were well - known troublemakers and that social services were heavily involved in their lives .
A Safeguarding Children Board report , seen by BBC Newsnight , found the attack could have been prevented .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Update : A complete transcript of the encounter with Wessel and Monckton can be found at the Guardian environment blog .
According to Kevin Grandia at DeSmogBlog , climate disruption denier Lord Monckton was talking with a number of youths when he was approached by a couple of other youths he recognized from the Americans for Prosperity event that was temporarily taken over by youth climate activists yesterday .
When he was asked to shake one of the activists ’ hand , he responded
No , no .
I ’m not going to shake the hand of Hitler Youth .
I ’m sorry .
The activist in question , Ben Wessel , is Jewish , and his grandparents escaped the Nazis .
Furthermore , Monckton ’s remarks yesterday could have been considered intemperate as they were made in the heat of the moment .
That Monckton would repeat the charge today when he ’s not being shouted over suggests that he truly believes the youth activists to be equal to the Hitler Youth .
Here ’s the video :
Some key quotes from Monckton :
World food prices have doubled .
That is because of the global warming scare .
You wo n’t look at the science .
As a result of that , millions are dying in third world countries because of the biofuel scam , because of the global warming scare .
And you people do n’t care .
And until you start caring I will call you Hitler youth if you ever again interrupt any meeting I am present , where we are trying to have a private conversation .
So now you know what it looks like when you do robotic chants of the sort which the Hitler youth used to do in Copenhagen when they occupied this city .
So I think you should all just chill out and accept that if you ever behave like that again I will call you that again in public .
You ’re already now known and your faces around the world are known as members of the Hitler youth .
You people do as much damage to the poor as the Hitler youth did .
Monckton ’s charge is false .
The youth climate activists were certainly rude , but their actions did n’t rise anywhere near the level of being “ Hitler Youth . ”
Some of the more glaring examples of discrepancies between Monckton ’s characterization of the activists and the actual Hitler Youth include :
The climate activists did n’t engage in violence .
The Hitler Youth did .
The climate activists did n’t behave in militaristic manner .
The Hitler Youth did .
The climate activists showed no sign of anti-Semitism .
The Hitler Youth did .
It ’s not mandatory for all youths to be climate activists .
It was mandatory for all German children to be members of the Hitler Youth .
Clearly , as I said yesterday , Monckton is as ignorant of the history of Nazism as he is of climate science .
Furthermore , Monckton has no expertise in climate or any other hard science whatsoever – his diploma is in journalism and he ’s educated in classics , not science , engineering , or mathematics .
He is a member of the Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow ( CFACT ) delegation to Copenhagen , and he’s on record as believing in a New World Order / global government conspiracy that climate disruption is a tool for the UN to create a global government :
“ I read the Copenhagen treaty , ” says Lord Monckton .
“ And what it says is this ; that a world government is going to be created .
The word “ government ” actually appears as the first of three purposes of the new entity . ”
CFACT is an oil company and mining interest - funded fake - grassroots ( aka “ astroturf ” ) organization that is one of the more powerful forces in climate disruption denial .
Two other members of the CFACT delegation include S. Fred Singer and Steve Milloy .
Singer is a scientist who was paid by the Tobacco Institute to write a paper that cast doubt on the connection between second hand smoke and cancer and who has a connection with the widely discredited Petition Project of the Oregon Institute of Science and Medicine that falsely claimed an overwhelming number of scientists as disbelieving in climate disruption .
S&R examined the OISM petition ’s claims and found that the OISM petition signatories , at most , 0.3 % of all US scientists even when using the OISM ’s own expansive definition of “ scientist . ”
Milloy is a non-scientist who presents himself as an expert on climate and other controversial scientific topics and who formed and ran an organization that was created using Philip Morris money for the express purpose of denying the dangers of smoking .
S&R ran an investigative series on Milloy in December , 2007 that focused on his anti-climate disruption propaganda “ survey ” from DemandDebate.com , his background with various libertarian think tanks and working for Philip Morris , and his current financial backers and associates including at least one man who offered bribes to scientists who would write op - eds against the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report .
Given the background of Monckton ’s current associates , it ’s perhaps not surprising that he would resort to falsely accusing climate activists of being “ Hitler Youth . ”
After all , Singer and Milloy have no problem distorting science and outright lying to enrich themselves and protect the profits of their backers .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Houston ’s mayoral race has come down to a notable runoff , with a final vote scheduled for this Saturday .
Last month ’s first round of votes in a seven - way race favored Annise Parker , a white lesbian who , if elected , would make Houston the largest U.S. city ever to have an openly gay mayor .
Anti-gay activists and squeamish religious groups are mobilizing as per usual .
They endorse her opponent , former city attorney Gene Locke , who won 25 percent of first round votes to Parker ’s 31 percent .
If he wins , he ’ll become Houston ’s second black mayor .
The anti-gay endorsement has put Locke in a slightly sticky position :
Two of his key supporters gave money to a conservative political action committee behind a mailer condemning Parker ’s “ homosexual behavior . ”
Naturally , a little political distancing was in order .
From an AP article yesterday :
“ Gene has been very clear with his supporters to not participate in divisive campaigning , ” Kim Devlin , a senior Locke adviser said in a statement Tuesday .
“ Gene Locke has fought against bigotry his entire life and knows that there is no place for it in this campaign and this city . ”
Ta -Nehisi Coates over at The Atlantic succinctly disputes claims that the mayoral runoff echoes a perceived split between black and LGBT communities during the California vote on Proposition 8 last year .
Meanwhile , Brian Levin ’s blog at the Huffington Post has more on the homophobic campaign tactics , with a photo of the anti-gay mailer that shows Parker taking a prior oath of office with her partner of twenty years .
Above that , the mailer reads :
“ IS THIS THE IMAGE HOUSTON WANTS TO PORTRAY ? ”
Quite possibly , yes .
We ’ll find out when the election results come in this weekend .
It ’s expected to be a close call .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Saudi Arabia is the world 's leading producer of oil E - mails hacked from a climate research institute suggest climate change does not have a human cause , according to Saudi Arabia 's lead climate negotiator .
Mohammad Al - Sabban told BBC
News that the issue will have a " huge impact " on next week 's UN climate summit , with countries unwilling to cut emissions .
Scientists say the e-mails from the University of East Anglia do not alter the picture of man-made warming .
Meanwhile , India has set a target for curbing the rise in its CO2 emissions .
Environment minister Jairam Ramesh pledged to cut India 's emissions intensity - the amount of greenhouse gases produced for every unit of GDP - by 20 - 25 % by 2020 .
Human impact denied
The e-mails issue arose two weeks ago when hundreds of messages between scientists at the university 's Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) and their peers around the world were posted on the world wide web , along with other documents .
It 's a transparent attempt to discredit the scientific evidence base and sow confusion ahead of the talks in Copenhagen
Malini Mehra
Centre for Social Markets
Chair for climate e-mail review
It appears that the material was hacked or leaked ; a police investigation has yet to reveal which .
CRU maintains one of the world 's most important datasets on how global temperatures have changed .
Climate " sceptics " have claimed that the e-mails undermine the scientific case for climate change being caused by humanity 's greenhouse gas emissions , dubbing the issue " ClimateGate " .
But it has not until now materialised as an issue likely to influence the Copenhagen negotiations , which are supposed to agree a new global deal on combating climate change to supplant the Kyoto Protocol .
Saudi Arabia is an influential member of the G77 / China bloc which leads the " developing world " side in many elements of the UN negotiations .
Mr Al - Sabban made clear that he expects it to derail the single biggest objective of the summit - to agree limitations on greenhouse gas emissions .
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full " It appears from the details of the scandal that there is no relationship whatsoever between human activities and climate change , " he told BBC News .
" Climate is changing for thousands of years , but for natural and not human - induced reasons .
" So , whatever the international community does to reduce greenhouse gas emissions will have no effect on the climate 's natural variability . "
Some other countries shared this view , he said ; and as a result , governments would not be prepared to countenance agreeing anything that would affect economic growth for many years , until " new evidence " settled the scientific picture .
However , governments might be willing to commit to " no- cost " measures to constrain emissions , he said , while Western nations should be prepared to assist poor vulnerable countries financially as they prepared for impacts of " the already happening natural climate change " .
Mr Al - Sabban said the UN summit should encourage a " full investigation " of the CRU e-mails affair .
' Out of step '
As the world 's leading oil producer , Saudi Arabia has previously fought attempts to agree curbs on emissions , and has also argued that it should receive financial compensation for " lost " revenue , given that constraints on emissions might restrict oil sales .
What ' ClimateGate ' means
To some long - time observers of the UN negotiations , Mr Al - Sabban 's comments indicate a continuation of this strategy .
" It 's a transparent attempt to discredit the scientific evidence base and sow confusion ahead of the talks in Copenhagen ; most of us have seen this all before , " said Malini Mehra , founder and CEO of the Centre for Social Markets in India .
" [ The Saudis ] appear to have regressed to the days when they were out - and - out climate deniers - not surprising for a fossil fuel dependent economy , but not far - sighted and certainly out of step with the rest of the developing world . "
A spokeswoman for the European Commission said that with or without the CRU hack , evidence for man-made climate change was " irrefutable " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The world 's leading scientists overwhelmingly agree that what we 're experiencing is not down to natural variation in the climate over time , but due to human activities , " she said .
" If we do not act , climate change will continue apace and lead to major damaging impacts to the natural world and society . "
The UK government has not yet responded to a request for a response .
Aim to fail Earlier in the week , CRU 's director , Phil Jones , stood aside from his post pending the results of a review .
The university has just announced that the review will be chaired by Sir Muir Russell , a former civil servant .
Other academics prominent in developing the mainstream view of climate science maintain that the contents of the stolen documents make no difference to the picture outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) in its landmark 2007 assessment .
IPCC PROJECTIONS FOR 2100 Probable temperature rise between 1.8C and 4C Possible temperature rise between 1.1C and 6.4C Sea level likely to rise 28 - 43 cm Arctic summer sea ice disappears in second half of century Increase in heatwaves very likely Increase in intensity of tropical storms likely
Climate , from Bali to Copenhagen India pledges to slow emissions rise " There is a consensus among the world 's scientists that climate change is real and there 's a need to confront it , " said Michael Mann from Pennsylvania State University in the US , a leading palaeoclimatologist .
" Those who are advocating inaction , that do n't want to see progress in Copenhagen , do n't have science on their side .
" Instead they 've manufactured this false controversy to distract the public and to distract policymakers , to try to thwart progress in Copenhagen . "
Meanwhile another leading US climate scientist , Nasa 's James Hansen , has said it would be better if the Copenhagen summit failed .
In an interview with The Guardian , Dr Hansen said that any agreement likely to emerge from the meeting would be so flawed that it would be better to start again .
" I would rather it not happen if people accept that as being the right track , because it 's a disaster track , " he told the newspaper .
The last few days have seen intense discussions in Copenhagen between representatives of a few countries considered to be particularly important in the issue .
EU delegates have been asking China to increase its offer of reducing carbon intensity by 40 - 45 % by 2020 , while China and other major developing countries have rejected elements of a draft deal proposed by the Danish hosts that would see global emissions peaking in 2020 en route to a 50 % cut by 2050 .
The Indian pledge of cutting emissions intensity by 20 - 25 % is less than the Chinese figure .
Mr Ramesh 's words make clear that the cuts are voluntary and unilateral , and expects the announcement to enhance India 's negotiating position at the Copenhagen conference .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Earlier this month , on 11 January , two individuals whose lives were bound up with the story of the Holocaust died .
One was male , the other female .
The former was born and lived in Estonia but later fled to Finland and Sweden and ultimately found refuge in Venezuela , where he became a multimillionaire .
The latter was born in Austria , but lived in Holland throughout the Nazi occupation and remained in Amsterdam for the rest of her life .
Both were ostensibly minor figures during the years 1939 - 1945 , but became better - known after the war as news of their deeds was publicised .
One was a Nazi collaborator , the other a " Righteous Gentile " .
I am referring to Harry Mannil , who served in the dreaded Estonian political police , which carried out the arrest and execution of numerous Jews and communists in Tallinn during the initial year of the Nazi occupation and to Miep Gies , who played a critical role in hiding Anne Frank , her family and four additional Jews from the Nazis in Amsterdam and was the person who saved Anne 's diary .
While neither had a prominent position , it would be instructive , as we approach Holocaust Memorial Day to take a closer look at their activities and the decisions they made during the war to focus on the important lessons we can learn from the fate of European Jewry during the Holocaust .
In that respect , the most significant fact to keep in mind about the Holocaust is that it was not an unavoidable natural disaster , but a tragedy created by human beings .
It did not have to happen and might have been prevented if the right decisions had been made .
And that is why there is so much to be learned from its history and why the work of organisations such as the Holocaust Educational Trust are so vital .
It was decisions made by human beings at every level that determined the fate of so many people and that is why it is illuminating to contrast two people like Miep Gies and Harry Mannil .
They were both relatively young when their countries were invaded by the Nazis ( Miep was 31 , Harry 22 ) and probably had no inkling that the war would create situations in which their decisions would influence the fates of numerous Jews .
Harry Mannil decided to join the Estonian Nazi collaborators of the notorious political police , which helped implement the Nazis ' plan to annihilate all the local Jews and eliminate the communists .
He was involved in arrests and interrogated at least seven Jews who were subsequently murdered .
In that capacity , he was part of the machinery of destruction that rendered his homeland Judenrein ( " free of Jews " in Nazi parlance ) , as noted in the protocol of the infamous Wannsee Conference at which the Final Solution was officially discussed .
In contrast , Miep Gies chose to assist those persecuted by the Nazis and risked her life to try and save the eight Jews in the Frank family hiding place , only one of whom ultimately survived .
The events of the second world war and the Nazis ' determination to annihilate all of European Jewry put the nations of the world to serious tests of morality and integrity .
The manner in which they responded determined the fate of millions .
The countries allied with Nazi Germany had to decide whether to turn over their Jews over to the Nazis while those in the free world had decide whether to help save them by admitting them as refugees while emigration was still possible .
But there were also much more prosaic dilemmas faced by those in occupied Europe .
And it was under those circumstances that individuals could make a difference in saving lives or murdering innocent people .
That is why it is essential to remember people such as Miep Gies , a model of humanity and selfless sacrifice , but also never to forget those such as Harry Mannil , who chose to join the killers .
Like millions of Europeans , their decisions made a difference in determining the fates of their Jewish neighbours , a lesson which should serve as an important warning to all of us and to future generations .
Two Cubans in their 20s who left the island for Spain have created a way to make all this secretive selling easier .
It is a type of Cuban Craigslist , which allows the small but growing number of Cubans with access to computers and the Internet to buy and sell with less sneaking around .
But the authorities , despite loosening restrictions recently on the sale of computers , have repeatedly blocked access to their Web site , Revolico , whose name means commotion .
One of the programmers who created the site ( www.revolico.com) said in an e-mail message that he and the co-founder were in a constant scramble to get their site past government censors .
“ We chose the name to make an allusion to the disorder that we are trying to organize , ” said the programmer , who spoke on the condition of anonymity so that his relatives still on the island would not encounter problems with the Cuban authorities .
Although he said that Craigslist was the inspiration for Revolico , the Cuban site is designed to upload more quickly on the island ’s sluggish connection speeds .
And although some of the categories on the site  cars for sale , computers for sale , boys seeking girls , boys seeking boys , for instance  are identical to those on Craigslist , there are many particularly Cuban exchanges .
Take the person selling his place in the visa line at the Spanish Embassy to someone trying to leave the island .
Or the arranged marriages that are offered to help Cubans find a way to another country .
Fast Multiresolution Image Querying
Overview
If you have an Adobe Acrobat reader or plug - in , click here to read the paper .
To acquire a Postscript version of the paper by ftp click here .
It appears in Proceedings of SIGGRAPH 1995 .
Query by Content
Painted Scanned Target
How it works ...
In a preprocessing step , we perform a wavelet transform on every image in the database .
By collecting just the few largest coefficients from this transform , we distill a small ``signature '' for each of these images .
We save these signatures , organized in such a way that it is easy ( and fast ) to compare them all to a new signature .
Then , when the user submits a query , we perform the wavelet transform to produce a signature for the query image .
This new signature is compared to the signatures of the database images , and the best matches are retrieved for the user .
The Wavelet Transform
20 coeffs 100 coeffs 400 coeffs Original ( 16,000 coeffs )
The wavelet transform is a tool that has emerged from the mathematics community in last decade or so for analyzing functions at different levels of detail .
It is similar to the Fourier transform , but encodes both frequency and spacial information .
Much of the work in wavelet research relating to images has been in the area of image compression .
By saving the few largest wavelet coefficients for an image ( and throwing away all of the smaller coefficients ) , it is possible to recover a fairly accurate representation of the image .
This property may be exploited for compression .
For example , the image shown above that incorporates 400 coefficients would require about 3 % as much disk space as the original image .
In our application , we take the wavelet transform and keep just a few ( 20 ) coefficients for each color channel and distill from them a very small ``signature '' for each image .
Because the signature is so small , it permits very fast searching in the database .
Nonetheless , it has proven to be an effective method for discriminating images .
The Application
Our application allows the user to paint a query image in a Macpaint - or Photoshop - like way .
Alternately , the user may load a query image from disk , perhaps one that was scanned or captured by a video camera .
When the user presses a ``match '' button , the application retrieves the 20 most similar images ( by our wavelet - based metric ) from the database .
These are displayed as small thumbnails in the upper right part of the window .
If one of these was the desired image , the user simply clicks on that thumbnail to retrieve the full - sized image .
Otherwise , if the desired image does n't appear among the thumbnails , the user may modify the query and ``match '' again .
Because the queries may be matched against the database very quickly , we have implemented an ``interactive '' mode for the application .
In this mode , the application re-evaluates the painted query in the database as each stroke is drawn .
Every time the user pauses from painting for a moment , the application retrieves a new set of thumbnails .
Median time to retrieve the target image appears to be around twenty seconds for a database of 1000 images .
Results
How well does it work ?
We have compiled a database of more than 1000 images .
For painted queries , 51 of 87 test queries retrieved the correct image as a ``best match ' ' .
For scanned queries , 66 of 89 test queries retrieved the correct image as a ``best match ' ' .
How fast is it ?
It takes 0.19 seconds for a database of 1000 images .
It takes 0.44 second for a database of 10000 images .
The algorithm is linear in the size of the database .
Or , if you have an Adobe Acrobat reader or plug - in , click here to read the paper .
What 's next ?
With this larger database , the user may search for images using the same painting application .
But when the user clicks on a thumbnail , the full - size image is retrieved over the Web .
We have yet to perform tests to see how effective our method is at retrieving specific images from this larger database .
That is because it used the amount of pay that was taken as an expense for each executive each year .
There were two problems with that .
First , it spread options awards over several years based on when the options vested .
That meant that an executive could be given a huge options grant , perhaps on hiring , without the company having to disclose it , even if that was the largest pay package the company gave out that year .
The second problem was that accounting for options can produce some strange results .
Under some circumstances , the expense can turn negative if the share price plunges .
That meant some executives were reported as having worked without pay  even if their salaries were in the millions .
In some cases , identical grants to two executives could produce wildly different results if one of the executives was old enough to retire .
The new summary table will count the grants as they are made .
If someone gets a mega - grant , he or she is likely to show up in that year ’s proxy disclosure .
If a company chooses not to give options to an executive  perhaps because of poor performance  that will show up with a clarity that was not present before .
The new rules also will require companies to disclose if compensation policies are increasing the risk of the company having to take large losses , as seems to have happened in financial institutions before the crisis .
There are unlikely to be many such disclosures , but being forced to think about it could produce needed changes in policies .
The game that is left open for companies to play concerns the valuation of performance - based incentives  ones that will pay off if the company hits certain goals .
The value shown in the summary table will be the amount the company thinks is the most probable to be paid .
It could even be zero .
A footnote will show the maximum value for the executive if everything goes right , but it is the value in the table that is most likely to be noticed .
Auditors will have to sign off on that probable value , but since it relies on forecasts of the future , they are unlikely to challenge even halfway reasonable estimates .
Since the exact performance targets are often not disclosed , it will be hard to tell if a company is being excessively conservative in estimating the value .
The summary table , even if it is as good as anyone can design , cannot tell the full story .
Much of the value in pay packages comes from restricted stock and stock options , whose ultimate value will be clear only years later .
New “ claw - back ” provisions may mean that this year ’s grant could vanish next year .
Other parts of the proxy will still show the profits executives realize when they cash in those grants , and deserve attention from investors .
Executive compensation is getting more attention this year than it may deserve , stirred by anger over the bonuses paid by banks that would be dead but for government bailouts .
At least now we will be in a better position to intelligently discuss how much the pay really was .
Dynamo Moscow players used metro to get to game in time ( Photo © khl.ru )
Dynamo Moscow players had to use Moscow underground to reach the Luzhniki arena in time for a game against Ak Bars Kazan .
Most of Dynamo players were driving to the game in a club ’s bus but due to a traffic jam they had to leave the bus and use metro .
Only the players who used their cars got to the arena beforehand and skated in the pre-game warm - up .
They players who used metro joined their partners in the locker room after the warm -up .
“ All of our players are in the locker room right now , preparing for the game , ” said Dynamo coach Igor Zhilinskiy to Gazeta .ru minutes before the game .
The game start was n’t delayed .
“ As usual , we left our base for the game 3 hours before the starting whistle .
Normally it would take us 40 - 45 minutes to get to the arena .
But this time we had to leave the bus one hour before the game and use metro due to heavy traffic jams .
I accompanied the players in metro and looked after the Finns , Swedes and Czechs so that they would n’t get lost , ” said Zhilinskiy in an interview to Sport channel after the first period .
Dynamo defeated Ak Bars 4:2 , two goals were scored by Linus Omark , who prefered the KHL to the NHL past summer .
Former Red Wings forward Jiri Hudler amassed 2 assits .
“ Should we always get to the games by metro from now on ?
We should think it over .
Today was the first time the Swedes saw the metro .
And they liked it , ” said Dynamo head coach Andrei Khomutov in an interview to Sport channel after the game .
It is not the first time when players in Moscow have to use metro to get to the game in time .
In 2006 Spartak Moscow football players used underground too .
As Yemen struggles to quell Houthi rebels in the north , a secession movement gathering steam in the south threatens to deprive the central government of badly needed resources .
While outside analysts have become increasingly concerned that the two conflicts are creating an unstable state where Al Qaeda could more freely operate , the chief domestic concern is more pressing : survival .
“ The south has all the resources and only one third of the population .
We cannot allow them to secede , ” said a member of the opposition party Islah in the capital , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak for the party .
“ Northerners will fight to keep Yemen together .
They know it is a matter of survival . ”
More than 70 percent of Yemen ’s revenue comes from its oil exports .
Studies by both the World Bank and the United Nations Development Fund predict a precipitous decline in Yemeni oil production over the next five years , raising the stakes for control of the dwindling supplies .
“ Eighty percent of Yemen ’s oil comes from the south but where does the money go ?
It goes to Sanaa , ” the capital , said a member of the Yemeni Socialist Party in Aden who did not want to be named for fear of government reprisal .
“ The people of the south have not benefited from any of this wealth and now it is running out . ”
So despite President Ali Abdullah Saleh ’s calls for unity , many in southern Yemen are taking to the streets in protest .
Fed up with high prices and an overall lack of development , they ’re calling for secession less than two decades after joining with the north to create a unified Yemen .
The result has been violent confrontations between protesters and government security forces – forces which Human Rights Watch lambasted in a Dec. 15 report for being too harsh .
For now , the Saleh government seems more committed to quelling protests than addressing southerners ’ grievances .
' We have n't gained anything by unification '
Upon arriving in the southern port town of Aden from Sanaa , one immediately notices the differences : there are few new buildings and the taxis and cars are often little more than rusted wrecks – a stark contrast with the luxury cars and plethora of new shops and hotels one finds in Sanaa .
But despite the run-down appearances , everything from fish to building supplies costs far more here than in the more prosperous north .
“ Why is it that fish caught 10 kilometers [ six miles ] from here cost more than the fish trucked to Sanaa ? ” asks resident Mohammad Nahass , pointing to fish stacked on a piece of cardboard in Aden ’s fish market .
Many throughout southern Yemen are asking the same question .
They see little value in their 1990 unification with the north – a move that was precipitated by the fall of the Soviet Union .
As a result of the USSR ’s collapse , the Peoples ’ Democratic Republic of Yemen ( PDRY ) – the only Marxist state in the Arabian Peninsula – lost its primary source of economic support and was forced to join North Yemen in a newly united Republic of Yemen , under the leadership of President Saleh , who has remained in power for 15 years .
“ Most of what we have is what the British built when they were here .
We have n’t gained anything from unification , ” says a former colonel in the PDRY army , voicing a common sentiment as he waves his hand towards a row of bleak buildings .
“ I would rather have had the British here for 400 years than be ruled by Saleh and the Sanhan [ President Saleh ’s tribe ] . ”
The south has in fact already tried to secede once since unification , which resulted in a civil war in 1994 .
The colonel says that after the war , officers such as himself were thrown out of the army and the civilian government was destroyed – leaving little role for the region ’s formerly prominent players .
“ Now everyone who has any power is a northerner , ” he says .
“ The young people here have no chance to find decent jobs because they do n’t have the tribal connections required to get them . "
The colonel ’s grievances with the north are heard across Aden , in tea shops and at daily qat sessions where many Adenis gather to chew the mildly intoxicating leaves of the qat tree .
' God willing , we will not have to rebuild again '
The front steps of the al - Aydarus mosque in Aden are stacked with men waiting out the mid-afternoon sun .
They are reluctant to talk , but an elderly man who gives his name as Ibrahim stands up and ushers a visitor into the mosque .
He points to recently completed repairs after the mosque was partially destroyed by conservative tribesmen during the 1994 civil war .
“ God willing , we will not have to rebuild again , ” he says .
But most Yemenis in the south do not share Ibrahim ’s guarded optimism .
“ There will be war when the money runs out , ” says the retired colonel .
As he hands a coin to a Somali beggar , he continues , “ President Saleh is a clever man – he knows how to play the tribes off one another , but this takes money .
Money for the sheikhs , money for the army , it is endless .
The people here will wait until he is weak enough and then they will strike . ”
Dan O'Bannon , the man who gave the world Alien and Total Recall , has died aged 63 , the New York Times reports .
O'Bannon passed away at his home in Santa Monica , California , last Thursday , as a result of the gastrointestinal disorder Crohn ’s disease , which he 'd suffered for 30 years .
O'Bannon 's sci- fi screenwriting career began when he and fellow University of Southern California film school student John Carpenter hooked up to write the low - budget Dark Star , which made its way to the big screen in 1974 .
After a stint working as a computer animator on Star Wars , O'Bannon penned Alien , of which he said : “ I love gore films and I grew up with ’50s monster movies .
The idea for the monster in Alien originally came from a stomach ache I had . ”
His other contributions to cinema include screenplays for The Return of the Living Dead ( 1985 ) , which he directed , Total Recall ( 1990 ) , Screamers ( 1995 ) and Bleeders ( 1997 ) .
O'Bannon also helmed 1992's The Resurrected , based on The Case of Charles Dexter Ward by H.P. Lovecraft , who he applauded as “ the greatest horror writer who ever lived " . ®
New genetic findings suggest that early humans living about one million years ago were extremely close to extinction .
The genetic evidence suggests that the effective population — an indicator of genetic diversity — of early human species back then , including Homo erectus , H. ergaster and archaic H. sapiens , was about 18,500 individuals ( it is thought that modern humans evolved from H. erectus ) , says Lynn Jorde , a human geneticist at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City .
That figure translates into a total population of 55,500 individuals , tops .
One might assume that hominin numbers were expanding at that time as fossil evidence shows that members of our Homo genus were spreading across Africa , Asia and Europe , Jorde says .
But the current study by Jorde and his colleagues suggests instead that the population and , thus its genetic diversity , faced a major setback about one million years ago .
The finding is detailed in the January 18 issue of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
To make these estimates , Jorde 's group scanned two completely sequenced modern human genomes for a type of mobile element called Alu sequences .
Alu sequences are short snippets of DNA that move between regions of the genome , though with such low frequency that their presence in a region suggests it is quite ancient .
Because older Alu- containing regions have had time to accumulate more mutations , the team was also able to estimate the age of a region based on its nucleotide diversity .
The team then compared the nucleotides in these old regions with the overall diversity in the two genomes to estimate differences in effective population size , and thus genetic diversity between modern and early humans .
" This is an original approach because they show that you can use mobile elements … to flag a region of the genome , " says Cédric Feschotte , an evolutionary geneticist at the University of Texas Arlington .
The effective population researchers estimate at about 18,500 reveals that the extent of genetic diversity among hominins living one million years ago was between 1.7 and 2.9 times greater than among humans today .
( Other studies have shown that the present - day effective population is around 10,000 . )
Jorde says the reason the modern effective population is so much smaller than the current number of people ( nearly seven billion ) is that a population explosion occurred , probably due to the development of agriculture about 10,000 years ago .
He does not expect that there would have been such a staggering difference between the effective and actual populations of early humans .
Jorde thinks that the diminished genetic diversity one million years ago suggests human ancestors experienced a catastrophic event at that time as devastating as a purported supervolcano thought to have nearly annihilated humans 70,000 years ago .
" We 've gone through these cycles where we 've had large population size but also where our population has been very , very small , " he says .
All too often , official inquiries are conducted by the very people who should themselves be under investigation .
In this respect , Britain ’s Chilcot Inquiry on the Iraq war bears a distressing similarity to the 9/11 Commission .
In a remarkable symmetry , both inquiries involve a Jewish Zionist historian , who not only advised his country ’s leader to go to war against Iraq , but actually provided the ideological justification for that unnecessary war .
Preemptive Wars
Perhaps Philip Zelikow was one of the few people who was not surprised by his appointment as executive director of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks upon the United States , better known as the 9/11 Commission .
After all , the Professor of History at the University of Virginia had shown uncanny prescience in foreseeing an event such as 9/11 itself .
In 1998 , as project director of the Catastrophic Terrorism Group , Zelikow had written :
“ An act of catastrophic terrorism that killed thousands or tens of thousands of people … would be a watershed event in America ’s history . …
Like Pearl Harbor , such an event would divide our past and future into a ‘ before ’ and ‘ after . ’ ”
Yet despite his awareness of an imminent threat of “ catastrophic terrorism ” against the United States , in the Bush administration Zelikow was instrumental in downgrading the status of the National Coordinator for Counterterrorism , Richard Clarke .
Effectively cutting off his direct access to the President , this prevented Clarke from discussing al - Qaeda with George W. Bush before September 11 .
In an even clearer conflict of interest , as a member of Bush ’s Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board , Zelikow had authored the 2002 National Security Strategy of the United States .
Dubbed the “ Bush Doctrine ” by the Washington Post ’s hawkishly pro-Israeli columnist Charles Krauthammer , it advocated the necessity of “ preemptive war . ”
Based on a policy first mooted in 1992 by two other Jewish neoconservatives , Paul Wolfowitz and Lewis Libby , the Zelikow Doctrine provided the justification for the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
While Bush probably believed he was “ ridding the world of evil , ” Zelikow knew exactly why Iraq was being targeted .
In a rare moment of candour , he told an audience at the University of Virginia on September 10 , 2002 :
“ Why would Iraq attack America or use nuclear weapons against us ?
I ’ll tell you what I think the real threat ( is ) and actually has been since 1990 — it ’s the threat against Israel .
And this is the threat that dare not speak its name , because the Europeans do n’t care deeply about that threat , I will tell you frankly .
And the American government does n’t want to lean too hard on it rhetorically , because it is not a popular sell . ”
Nevertheless , as executive director of the 9/11 Commission Zelikow did his very best to “ sell ” the Iraq war to the American people .
The first expert witness he called had “ no special expertise on the events of September 11 , ” but that did n’t seem to matter too much .
Instead of discussing 9/11 , Abraham Sofaer , a board member of the pro-Israeli Koret Foundation , made an impassioned speech in support of the “ preemptive war ” against Iraq .
An even more controversial “ expert ” witness called was Laurie Mylroie .
Known as the “ neocons ’ favourite conspiracy theorist , ” the American Enterprise Institute scholar had made a career out of seeing the hand of Saddam Hussein behind every anti-American terrorist attack during the previous decade .
Her 2000 book , Study of Revenge , in which she laid out her flimsy case against Saddam , acknowledged the assistance of Wolfowitz and Libby , and was blurbed by Richard Perle as “ splendid and wholly convincing . ”
Exercising a scepticism toward Mylroie ’s “ batty ” theories lacking in much of the media coverage , one of the 9/11 widows lambasted Zelikow for this transparent “ sales pitch for the Iraq war . ”
Zelikow ’s persistent efforts to rewrite the Commission staff ’s reports to give the impression of a link between al - Qaeda and Iraq “ horrified ” some of his staff , many of whom considered him a “ White House mole . ”
Little did they suspect , however , that Zelikow ’s loyalties might lie much further afield .
Humanitarian Wars
If British Prime Minister Gordon Brown were genuinely interested in finding out why his predecessor followed George Bush into the Iraq quagmire , his appointment of Sir Lawrence Freedman to the five - member Chilcot Inquiry was an odd choice .
As the political editor of the BBC ’s Newsnight programme , Michael Crick , pointed out , “ Critics of the war might argue Sir Lawrence was himself one of the causes of the war ! ”
Crick was referring to a Freedman memo which formed the basis of Tony Blair ’s 1999 Chicago speech , “ The Doctrine of the International Community . ”
In what became known as the “ Blair Doctrine , ” Freedman had offered an answer to the specious question : “ When was military action justified for liberal , humanitarian reasons ? ”
In addition to the Freedman Doctrine ’s justification of military intervention in “ rogue states ” such as Iraq , Freedman has admitted that he “ instigated ” a pre-war seminar for the British Prime Minister , because he was “ aware of misgivings among some specialists in Iraq about the direction of policy . ”
Clearly , Freedman has no such “ misgivings ” himself about the illegal invasion of Iraq .
It was , he claims , motivated by “ rather noble criteria . ”
In his recent book , A Choice of Enemies : America Confronts the Middle East , Freedman is dismissive of those who suspect less “ noble ” motives for the war .
“ Another popular theory , ” he writes , “ is that U.S. foreign policy was effectively hijacked by a group of neoconservatives with a grand design to reshape the Middle East .
A conspiratorial version of this theory argues that the aim was to help Israel , by removing a leading rejectionist state from the scene . ”
Presumably , the consistency of the prescriptions that runs from Oded Yinon ’s “ A Strategy for Israel in the 1980s , ” through Perle , Feith and Wurmser ’s “ A Clean Break , ” to the so - called “ Bush Doctrine ” is merely coincidental .
Evidently , the learned Professor of War Studies needs to read “ The Israeli Origins of the Middle East War Agenda ” in Stephen Sniegoski ’s The Transparent Cabal .
Perhaps it is also “ conspiratorial , ” or worse , to wonder about the media ’s hyping a book which obscures why America “ confronts ” Israel ’s enemies in the Middle East , while one which exposes the Zionist agenda gets the silent treatment .
But it certainly is cause for concern when Freedman ’s book , which also opts for the euphemism of a “ security fence ” to describe Israel ’s Apartheid Wall , and repeatedly refers to the illegally occupied West Bank as Judea and Samaria , is given such credence .
Just as the Zelikow - directed 9/11 Commission suppressed evidence that the main motive for the September 11 attacks was American support for Israel , Freedman ’s presence on the Chilcot Inquiry is a clear indication that there will be no inquiry into the role of Zionist insiders in taking Britain to war against Iraq — a country that posed a threat not to British interests but to Israel ’s regional hegemony .
Hey , Eagles fans .
We know it 's been a tough ride over the last two weeks for you guys , what with the losing in the first round of the playoffs to your arch rival and everything .
Trust us , we know the feeling .
It probably did n't get any better when you picked up the paper this morning to check out how the other teams in town are doing .
The Sixers are downright pathetic , and besides that one night that Allen Iverson came back and those weird commercials with Marc Zumoff 's head in the salad bar , you do n't have to lie and say you knew they were still in town .
Then there 's those usually trusty Flyers , also toiling away in mediocrity outside of the playoff picture .
So you 're sitting there right now on a Monday morning with no sporting direction to turn to .
You 're lost , and the thought of turning around and changing the channel to ESPN or CSN makes you sick to your stomach .
You 're probably thinking that you have a loooooong , agonizing 36 days until Phillies pitchers and catchers report to Clearwater .
We 're here to tell you that 's not the case .
After the jump , we 'll catch you up on what you 've missed so far this season and get you out of your football funk .
It 's hockey season .
What You 've Missed : The Season To Date
Sure , the Flyers are a whopping 16 points behind the Devils and 10 behind Pittsburgh .
Winning the division this season is a pipe dream , but we 've been over that thought for a while now .
The team played well for the first month and a half or so of the season thanks to contributions from rookies , vets , and newly minted Flyers alike .
Solid goaltending from Ray Emery had proven a lot of people wrong as well .
But a West Coast road trip in mid-November started the snowball effect from hell .
On November 18 , they faced off against the Los Angeles Kings out at Staples Center .
The Flyers pulled out a 3 - 2 win , but they looked ugly doing it as the Kings controlled most of the contest .
It would be a sign of things to come over the next month and a half , but the results would be even worse .
Continuing on the road trip , the Flyers would lose their next three in San Jose , Phoenix , and Colorado before coming back East to beat the New York Islanders on the night before Thanksgiving .
In that Colorado game , though , a 5 - 4 Flyers loss , Ray Emery was pulled after looking extremely shaky .
He had n't looked good for some time and he has n't played in a game since .
It would come out in the first week of December that he'd be out six weeks with an abdominal injury .
Luckily for the Flyers , Brian Boucher was up to the task .
Over the next 13 games , he went on to be the only reason that we had any hope at all for this Flyers team .
He was brilliant despite a pathetic defense in front of him and an anemic offense down on the other end .
One player can't win you hockey games and the Flyers would win just two of these 13 -- one against the Isles again and one against the Bruins .
In the middle of this stretch , John Stevens was fired .
In came Peter Laviolette , a coach who would implement a higher - tempo offensive system than his predecessor .
Stevens was seen by most as the scapegoat of an under performing team , but that 's what happens in the NHL .
You can't fire 20 something players , so out goes the coach .
It was n't an immediate turn around for Laviolette .
In fact , things got a lot worse before they got better .
An 8 - 2 drubbing in his first game as coach at the hands of the Capitals came in the middle of that miserable 13 game stretch .
Let 's try to draw a comparison here , Eagles fans .
Do you remember when the Birds lost that game to the Oakland Raiders ?
There were so many questions and the team seemingly could n't use any of their weapons properly .
They came out the next week and whipped up on a pretty weak New York team , just like the Flyers did to the Isles a few times , but then quickly reverted to form in losing to Dallas and San Diego in consecutive weeks .
These feelings of mid season misery have been felt by Flyers faithful as well , leaving us wondering where everything went wrong .
Just when we thought it could n't get any worse , Boucher got hurt .
With Emery already out and Johan Backlund the only goaltender in the coffers , things looks beyond bleak .
Paul Holmgren went out and picked up goaltender Michael Leighton off of waivers .
You might remember Leighton from such Flyers seasons as " 2006 - 07 , the year the music died , " where he played six games for the orange and black and had terribly unattractive numbers .
Another below average goaltender did n't really make us feel any better , but go figure , we 're probably going to wind up opening a church on South Broad Street to worship the guy .
Leighton 's first start came on December 23rd in Tampa , the start of a five game road trip .
He made 31 saves in just the fourth Flyers win in 18 games and the Flyers entered the Christmas break on the right foot .
With Boosh still out , Leighton had a chance to make a bit of a name for himself .
The team squeaked out a win against basement - dwelling Carolina -- Leighton 's former team -- in their next outing for their second straight .
They had picked up more than they had ever expected from Leighton by now , but with Boucher still out , they still had to ride the young ' tender .
With a win over the Isles and a 6 - 0 drubbing of the Rangers to end the decade , Leighton and the Flyers were suddenly a red hot 4 - 0 - 0 heading into a Winter Classic matchup with the Bruins on New Year 's Day .
You probably caught some of that game if you were n't too busy with the Mummers or Penn State like a lot of other Philadelphians apparently were .
Boosh was healthy that day but Laviolette decided to keep with the hot hand , opting to give Leighton the honor of starting the NHL 's fourth ever outdoor regular season game .
They lost in overtime , but you cant win them all , right ?
A loss against Ottawa and three wins later , the Flyers are just a point out of the playoff picture .
The offense is on fire , scoring 21 goals in their last four games and chasing the opposing goaltender in three of their last six games .
Leighton has been great and Boucher is still riding the pine while Laviolette continues to stick with his suddenly brilliant goaltender .
Emery is back with the team after a conditioning start with the Adirondack Phantoms -- yes , the Phantoms moved to upstate New York -- and he 'll look to return to form .
Look closer at those standings .
We may be out of a playoff spot by one point today , but we 're just four points behind the fifth place Bruins .
We 've got games in hand over the teams currently in eighth , seventh , and sixth as well .
The battle has n't been won yet , but at least now we have a fighting chance .
Things are n't as bleak as you thought , eh ?
Making Comparisons
There are a lot of players on the Flyers you might not be familiar with , Eagles fans .
Let 's try our best to get you acclimated , shall we ?
First off , there 's Ray Emery .
A bad boy who wore out his welcome in Ottawa a two years ago , Emery was banished to Russia to try to resurrect his career .
After a season in the Kontinental Hockey League , Emery was brought in this off season by Paul Holmgren to solidify the Flyers goaltending .
He was giving Emery a second chance at an NHL career .
Does this sound familiar to a certain Eagles offseason signing , who was given a second chance at resurrecting his career after being banished from the league to think about the errors he had made ?
Hmm ...
Chris Pronger is like the Brian Dawkins of the Flyers .
He 's an animal .
He shuts people down .
He 's an emotional leader .
He might even play a little dirty sometimes .
No , he 's not going to crawl out of the tunnel on all fours , but he 's the guy you want on the ice in big situations .
He 's the Flyers defense .
He was born to play in Philadelphia .
You 'll love Chris Pronger .
Donovan McNabb is the target of a lot of anger around this town , and possibly even more so than ever right now thanks to his atrocious showing the last two weeks .
But over his career he 's been an extremely effective player , and when the Eagles pull out a win , he 's usually the main reason they were able to do so .
Meet Jeff Carter .
Like McNabb , Carter has been on the end of a lot of fan vitriol so far this season .
He 's been called lazy , an under achiever , a bum , and many fans have begged for him to be traded away .
McNabb feels his pain , I 'm sure .
At the core of both these players is a ton of raw talent , and while many of the criticisms directed at Carter may be true , he 's still practically a point per game player .
David Akers is probably the model of consistency .
He 's been on of the best place kickers in the NFL for years now , rarely ever missing a field goal .
On the Flyers blueline , you 'll find your Akers fix in Kimmo Timonen , the Finnish wonder of a defenseman .
Like Akers , Timonen goes out and does his job every single night .
He 's one of the best to play the position for the Flyers in maybe even their history , is one of the most underrated players on the team , and you always know what you 're going to get out of him .
The Eagles have a lot of young talent , and they were only able to pick up any kind of success this past season thanks to the youth showing up and learning on the job .
They were led by the dazzling Desean Jackson , a second year pro who seems to amaze every time he touches the football .
The Flyers have their own Jackson in Claude Giroux , an awe - inspiring sophomore forward with the vision and moves that have drawn him comparisons to Peter Forsberg .
Everytime Claude touches the puck you know he 's going to do something exciting .
There 's also a rookie by the name of Jeremy Maclin on the Birds who has a ton of skill as well .
Maclin might not be as exciting as Jackson but his numbers are still quite impressive .
For a while before the Flyers decided to suck for over a month , James van Riemsdyk was getting Calder Trophy and USA Olympic consideration .
Like Maclin , he entered the Draft after just two seasons of playing in college and has adapted to the professional game quite well .
JVR is n't flashy like Giroux but he 's still an integral part of this team as a rookie .
So , Eagles fans .
The Flyers really are n't that different from your beloved Birds .
They 've had their struggles this season but they seem to have worked through them and are on their way to bigger and better things .
We can only hope that things end a little better than they did for the Eagles , but we do n't have to think about football for a while now .
It 's hockey season and the Flyers are here to cheer you up .
Jump on the wagon , wo n't you ?
Virginia gunman kills eight and shoots down helicopter
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Police have surrounded a lone gunman who shot and killed eight people in the US state of Virginia .
At one point , a police helicopter was fired on by the man and forced to land with a ruptured fuel tank .
All the dead were adults - men and women .
Seven bodies were discovered at one home , while an eighth victim found on a road died on the way to hospital .
Officers say they have surrounded a suspect in woodland just outside the central town of Appomattox .
Virginia State Police spokeswoman Corinne Geller said : " We know he 's armed , we know he 's dangerous , we know he 's already shot at a state police helicopter , and actually struck it several times .
" Fortunately it was able to make a safe emergency landing ...
Unfortunately though this individual is responsible for a total of eight deaths at this time . "
' Lock your doors '
The drama began when the authorities received a call about one of the victims lying in the middle of a road , in need of medical assistance .
When a deputy arrived at the scene , he heard gunfire and called for back up .
Police said at a media briefing that officers from across the state had been brought in to the area .
Police dogs and a National Guard helicopter with thermal imaging equipment were being used to search the woods .
" We have him [ the gunman ] contained , we 're fairly sure of that , " they said .
Virginia State Police issued this photo of the suspect , Christopher Speight
It is not known what prompted the shootings , but Virginia State Police identified the suspect as Christopher Speight , 39 .
The Washington Post quoted local officials as saying two of the dead were believed to be his wife and son .
A number of people living in the sealed - off wooded area have been evacuated .
Bethel Hawkins - who lives about two miles ( 3 km ) from where the shootings happened - told the Associated Press news agency police had warned families to lock their doors .
" We 're just being cautious , keeping our doors locked , not going outside , " she said .
Appomattox is about 160 km ( 100 miles ) south - west of Virginia 's capital Richmond .
Are you in Virginia ?
Have you been affected by the incidents today ?
Send us your comments , pictures and video .
Send your pictures and video to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Read the terms and conditions Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON  Senator Bernard Sanders of Vermont said on Wednesday that he would try to block the Senate from confirming Ben S. Bernanke to a second term as chairman of the Federal Reserve .
The move is unlikely to derail Mr. Bernanke ’s reappointment , but it could slow the confirmation process and give the Fed ’s critics additional opportunity to press their case .
As a practical matter , it means Senate Democratic leaders will have to line up 60 votes in favor of Mr. Bernanke rather than a simple majority at a time when the Federal Reserve is under increasing populist attacks from lawmakers on both the right and the left .
Mr. Bernanke will testify on Thursday at his confirmation hearing before the Senate banking committee .
He is expected to face criticism for not doing more to prevent the financial crisis , and calls by some lawmakers for a sharply reduced regulatory role in the future .
Wm. M. Evarts , Geo. F. Edmunds , and S. W. Sanderson , for defendants in error .
After stating the facts in the foregoing language , Mr. Justice HARLAN delivered the opinion of the court .
These several actions were brought - the first one in the superior court of Santa Clara county , California , the others in the superior court of Fresno county , in the same state - for the recovery of certain county and state taxes claimed to be due from the Southern Pacific Railroad Company and the Central Pacific Railroad Company under assessments made by the state board of equalization upon their respective franchises , road - ways , road - beds , rails , and rolling stock .
In the action by Santa Clara county the amount claimed is $ 13,366.53 for the fiscal year of 1882 .
For that sum , with 5 per cent .
penalty , interest at the rate of 2 per cent .
per month from December 27 , 1882 , cost of advertising , and 10 per cent .
for attorney 's fees , judgment is asked against the Souther Pacific [ 118 U.S. 394 , 398 ] Railroad Company .
In the other action against the same company the amount claimed is $ 5,029.27 for the fiscal year of 1881 , with 5 per cent .
added for non-payment of taxes and costs of collection .
In the action against the Central Pacific Railroad Company judgment is asked for $ 25,950.50 for the fiscal year of 1881 , with like penalty and costs of collection .
The answer in each case puts in issue all the material allegations of the complaint , and sets up various special defenses , to which reference will be made further on .
With its answer the defendant , in each case , filed a petition , with a proper bond , for the removal of the action into the circuit court of the United States for the district , as one arising under the constitution and laws of the United States .
The right of removal was recognized by the state court , and the action proceeded in the circuit court .
Each case , the parties having filed a written stipulation waiving a jury , was tried by the court .
There was a special finding of facts , upon which judgment was entered in each case for the defendant .
The general question to be determined is whether the judgment can be sustained upon all or either of the grounds upon which the defendants rely .
The case as made by the pleadings and the special finding of facts is as follows :
By an act of congress approved July 27 , 1866 , the Atlantic & Pacific Railroad Company was created , with power to construct and maintain , by certain designated routes , a continuous railroad and telegraph line from Springfield , Missouri , to the Pacific .
For the purpose - which is avowed by congress - of facilitating the construction of the line , and thereby securing the safe and speedy transportation of mails , troops , munitions of war , and public stores , a right of way over the public domain was given to the company , and a liberal grant of the public lands was made to it .
The railroad so to be constructed , and every part of it , was declared to be a post route and military road , subject to the use of the United States for postal , military , naval , and all other government service , and to such regulations as congress might impose for restricting the charges for government transportation .
By the [ 118 U.S. 394 , 399 ] eighteenth section of the act , the Southern Pacific Railroad Company , - a corporation previously organized under a general statute of California passed May 20 , 1861 , ( St. Cal . 1861 , p. 607 , ) - was authorized to connect with the Atlantic & Pacific Railroad at such point , near the boundary line of that state , as the former company deemed most suitable for a railroad to San Francisco , with `uniform gauge and rate of freight or fare with said road ; ' and in consideration thereof , and `to aid in its construction , ' the act declared that it should have similar grants of land , `subject to all the conditions and limitations ' provided in said act of congress , `and shall be required to construct its road on like regulations , as to time and manner , with the Atlantic & Pacific Railroad . '
14 St. p. 292 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 11 , 18 .
In November , 1866 , the Atlantic & Pacific Railroad Company and the Southern Pacific Railroad Company filed in the office of the secretary of the interior their respective acceptances of the act .
By an act of the legislature of California , passed April 4 , 1870 , to aid in giving effect to the act of congress relating to the Southern Pacific Railroad Company , it was declared that `to enable the said company to more fully and completely comply with and perform the requirements , provisions , and conditions of the said act of congress , and all other acts of congress now in force , or which may hereafter be enacted , the state of California hereby consents to said act ; and the said company , its successors and assigns , are hereby authorized to change the line of its railroad so as to reach the eastern boundary line of the state of California by such route as the company shall determine to be the most practicable , and to file new and amendatory articles of association ; and the right , power , and privilege is hereby granted to , conferred upon , and vested in them to construct , maintain , and operate , by steam or other power , the said railroad and telegraph line mentioned in said acts of congress , hereby confirming to and vesting in the said company , its successors and assigns , all the rights , privileges , franchises , power , and authority conferred upon , [ 118 U.S. 394 , 400 ] granted to , or vested in said company by the said acts of congress , and any act of congress which may be hereafter enacted . '
Subsequently , by the act of March 3 , 1871 , congress incorporated the Texas Pacific Railroad Company , with power to construct and maintain a continuous railroad and telegraph line from Marshall , in the state of Texas , to a point at or near El Paso , thence through New Mexico and Arizona to San Diego , pursuing , as near as might be , the thirty - second parallel of latitude .
To aid in its construction , congress gave it , also , the right of way over the public domain , and made to it a liberal grant of public lands .
The nineteenth section provided `that the Texas Pacific Railroad Company shall be , and it is hereby , declared to be a military and post road ; and for the purpose of insuring the carrying of the mails , troops , munitions of war , supplies , and stores of the United States , no act of the company nor any law of any state or territory shall impede , delay , or prevent the said company from performing its obligations to the United States in that regard : provided , that said road shall be subject to the use of the United States for postal , military , and all other governmental services , at fair and reasonable rates of compensation , not to exceed the price paid by private parties for the same kind of service , and the government shall at all times have the preference in the use of the same for the purpose aforesaid . '
The twenty - third section of that act has special reference to the Southern Pacific Railroad Company , and is as follows :
` Sec. 23 .
That , for the purpose of connecting the Texas Pacific Railroad with the city of San Francisco , the Southern Pacific Railroad Company of California is hereby authorized ( subject to the laws of California ) to construct a line of railroad from a point at or near Tehacapa Pass , by way of Los Angeles , to the Texas Pacific Railroad , at or near the Colorado river , with the same rights , grants , and privileges , and subject to the same limitations , restrictions , and conditions , as were granted to said Southern Pacific Railroad Company of California by the act of July 27 , 1866 : provided , however , that this section shall in no way [ 118 U.S. 394 , 401 ] affect or impair the rights , present or prospective , of the Atlantic & Pacific Railroad Company , or any other company . '
Under the authority of this legislation , federal and state , the Southern Pacific Railroad Company constructed a line of railroad from San Francisco , connecting with the Texas & Pacific Railroad ( formerly the Texas Pacific Railroad ) at Sierra Banca , in Texas : and , with other railroads , it is operated as one continuous line ( except for that part of the route occupied by the Central Pacific Railroad ) from Marshall , Texas , to San Francisco .
It is stated in the record that the Southern Pacific Railroad Company of California , since the commencement of this action , has completed its road to the Colorado river , at or near the Needles , to connect with the Atlantic & Pacific Railroad , and that with the latter road it constitutes a continuous line from Springfield , Missouri , to the Pacific , except as to the connection , for a relatively short distance , over the road of the Central Pacific Railroad Company .
On the seventeenth of December , 1877 , the said Southern Pacific Railroad Company , and other railroad corporations then existing under the laws of California , were legally consolidated , and a new corporation thereby formed under the name of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company , the present defendant in error , 59.30 miles of whose road is in Santa Clara county and 17.93 miles in Fresno county .
On the first of April , 1875 , this company was indebted to divers persons in large sums of money advanced to construct and equip its road .
To secure that indebtedness , it executed on that day a mortgage for $ 32 , 520,000 on its road , franchises , rolling stock , and appurtenances , and on a large number of tracts of land , in different counties of California , aggregating over 11,000,000 acres .
These lands were granted to the company by congress under the abovementioned acts , and are used for agricultural , grazing , and other purposes not connected with the business of the railroad .
Of those patented , 3,138 acres are in Santa Clara county , and 18 , 789 acres in Fresno county .
When these proceedings were instituted , no part of its above mortgage debt had been paid , except the accruing in - [ 118 U.S. 394 , 402 ] terest and $ 1,632,000 of the principal , leaving outstanding against it $ 30 , 898,000 .
In the year 1852 , California , by legislative enactment , granted a right of way through that state to the United States for the purpose of constructing a railroad from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean ; declaring that the interests of California , as well as the whole Union , `require the immediate action of the government of the United States for the construction of a national thoroughfare , connecting the navigable waters of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans , for the purpose of the national safety , in the event of war , and to promote the highest commercial interests of the Republic . '
St. Cal. 1852 , p. 150 .
By an act passed July 1 , 1862 , congress incorporated the Union Pacific Railroad Company , with power to construct and maintain a continuous railroad and telegraph line to the western boundary of what was then Nevada territory , `there to meet and connect with the line of the Central Pacific Railroad Company of California . '
12 St. 489 , 1 , 8 .
The declared object of extending government aid to these enterprises was to effect the construction of a railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri river to the Pacific , which , for all purposes of communication , travel , and transportation , so far as the public and the general government are concerned , should be operated `as one connected , continuous line . '
St. Cal. 1852 , 6 , 9 , 10 , 12 , 17 , 18 .
In 1864 the state of California passed an act to aid in carrying out the provisions of this act of congress , the first section of which declared that `to enable said company more fully and completely to comply with and perform the provisions and conditions of said act of congress , the said company , their successors and assigns , are hereby authorized and empowered , and the right , power , and privilege is hereby granted to , conferred upon , and vested in them , to construct , maintain , and operate the said railroad and telegraph line , not only in the state of California , but also in the said territories lying east of and between said state and the Missouri river , with such branches and extensions of said railroad and telegraph line , or either of them , as said company may deem necessary or proper , and also the right of way for said railroad and telegraph line over any lands belonging to [ 118 U.S. 394 , 403 ] this state , and on , over , and along any streets , roads , highways , rivers , streams , wate r , and water - courses , but the same to be so constructed as not to obstruct or destroy the passage or navigation of the same , and also the right to condemn and appropriate to the use of said company such private property , rights , privileges , and franchises as may be proper , necessary , or convenient for the purposes of said railroad and telegraph , the compensation therefor to be ascertained and paid under and by special proceedings , as prescribed in the act providing for the incorporation of railroad companies , approved May 20 , 1861 , and the act supplementary and amendatory thereof , said company to be subject to all the laws of this state concerning railroad and telegraph lines , except that messages and property of the United States , of this state , and of said company shall have priority of transportation and transmission over said line of railroad and telegraph , hereby confirming to and vesting in said company all the rights , privileges , franchises , power , and authority conferred upon , granted to , and vested in said company by said act of congress , hereby repealing all laws and parts of laws inconsistent or in conflict with the provisions of this act , or the rights and privileges herein granted . '
In 1870 the Central Pacific Railroad Company of California and the Western Pacific Railroad Company formed themselves into one corporation under the name of the Central Pacific Railroad Company , the defendant in one of these actions , 61.06 miles of whose road is in Fresno county .
The company complied with the several acts of congress , and there is in operation a continuous line of railway from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean , the Central Pacific Railroad Company owning and operating the portion thereof between Ogden , in the territory of Utah , and San Francisco .
When the present action was instituted against this company the United States had and now have a lien , created by the acts of congress of 1862 and 1864 , for $ 30,000,000 , with a large amount of interest , upon its road , rolling stock , fixtures , and franchises ; and there were also outstanding bonds for a like amount issued by the company prior to January 1 , 1875 , and secured by a mortgage upon the same property .
Such were the relations which these two companies held to [ 118 U.S. 394 , 404 ] the United States and to the state when the assessments in question were made for purposes of taxation .
It is necessary now to refer to those provisions of the constitution and laws of the state which , it is claimed , sustain these assessments .
The constitution of California , adopted in 1879 , exempts from taxation growing crops , property used exclusively for public schools , and such as may belong to the United States , or to that state , or to any of her county or municipal corporations , and declares that the legislature `may provide , except in the case of credits secured by mortgage or trust deed , for a reduction from credits of debts due to bona fide residents ' of the state .
It is provided in the first section of article 13 that , with these exceptions , `all property in the state , not exempt under the laws of the United States , shall be taxed in proportion to its value , to be ascertained as provided by law .
The word `property , ' as used in this article and section , is hereby declared to include moneys , credits , bonds , stocks , dues , franchises , and all other matters and things , real , personal , and mixed , capable of private ownership . '
The fourth section of the same article provides : ` A mortgage , deed of trust , contract , or other obligation by which a debt is secured , shall , for the purposes of assessment and taxation , be deemed and treated as an interest in the property affected thereby .
Except as to railroad and other quasi public corporations , in case of debts so secured , the value of the property affected by such mortgage , deed of trust , contract , or obligation , less the value of such security , shall be assessed and taxed to the owner of the property , and the value of such security shall be assessed and taxed to the owner thereof , in the county , city , or district in which the property affected thereby is situate .
The taxes so levied shall be a lien upon the property and security , and may be paid by either party to such security .
If paid by the owner of the security , the tax so levied upon the property affected thereby shall become a part of the debt so secured ; if the owner of the property shall pay the tax so levied on such security , it shall constitute a payment thereon , and to the extent of such payment , a full discharge thereof : provided , that if any such security or indebtedness shall be [ 118 U.S. 394 , 405 ] paid by any such debtor or debtors , after assessment and before the tax levy , the amount of such levy may likewise be retained by such debtor or debtors , and shall be computed according to the tax levy of the preceding year . '
The ninth section makes provision for the election of a state board of equalization , `whose duty it shall be to equalize the valuation of the taxable property of the several counties in the state for the purpose of taxation . '
The boards of supervisors of the several counties constitute boards of equalization for their respective counties , and they equalize the valuation of the taxable property therein for purposes of taxation ; assessments , whether by the state or county boards , to `conform to the true value in money of the property ' contained in the assessment roll .
Id .
9 .
The tenth section declares : ` All property , except as hereinafter in this section provided , shall be assessed in the county , city , city and county , town , township , or district in which it is situated , in the manner prescribed by law .
The franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , and rolling stock of all railroads operated in more than one county in this state shall be assessed by the state board of equalization at their actual value , and the same shall be apportioned to the counties , cities and counties , cities , towns , townships , and districts in which such railroads are located , in proportion to the number of miles of railway laid in such counties , cities and counties , cities , towns , townships , and districts . '
The assessments in question , it is contended , were made in conformity with these constitutional provisions , and with what is known as section 3664 of the Political Code of California .
That section made it the duty of the state board of equalization , on or before the first Monday in May in each year , to `assess the franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , and rolling , stock of railroads operated in more than one county , '- to which class belonged the defendants .
It required every corporation of that class , by certain officers , or by such officer as the state board should designate , to furnish the board with a sworn statement showing , among other things , in detail , for the year ending March 1st , the whole number of miles of railway owned , operated , or leased by it in the state , the value thereof [ 118 U.S. 394 , 406 ] per mile , and all of its property of every kind located in the state ; the number and value of its engines , passenger , mail , express , baggage , freight , and other cars , or property used in operating and repairing its railway in the state , and on railways which are parts of lines extending beyond the limits of the state .
It is also directed that ` the said property shall be assessed at its actual value ; ' that the `assessment shall be made upon the entire railway within the state , and shall include the right of way , road - bed , track , bridges , culverts , and rolling stock ; ' and that `the depots , station grounds , shops , buildings , and gravel beds shall be assessed by the assessors of the county where situated , as other property . '
It further declares :
` On or before the fifteenth day of May in each year , said board shall transmit to the county assessor of each county through which any railway , operated in more than one county , may run , a statement showing the length of the main track or tracks of such railway within the county , together with a description of the whole of said tracks within the county , including the right of way by metes and bounds , or other description sufficient for identification , and the assessed value per mile of the same , as fixed by a pro rata distribution per mile of the assessed value of the whole franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , and rolling stock of such railway within this state .
Said statement shall be entered on the assessment roll of the county .
At the first meeting of the board of supervisors , after such statement is received by the county assessor , they shall make , and cause to be entered in the proper record book , an order stating and declaring the length of the main track , and the assessed value of such railway lying in each city , town , township , school - district , or lesser taxing district in their county through which such railway runs , as fixed by the state board of equalization , which shall constitute the taxable value of said property for taxable purposes in such city , town , township , school , road , or other district . '
These companies , within due time , filed with the state board the detailed statement required by that section .
At the trials below no record of assessment against the respective defendants , as made by the state board , was given in evidence , and there was introduced no written evidence of the a [ 118 U.S. 394 , 407 ] ssessment , except an official communication from the state board to each of the assessors of Santa Clara and Fresno counties , called , in the special findings , the assessment roll for the particular county .
The roll for Fresno county , in 1881 , relating to the Southern Pacific Railroad Company , is as follows :
Original - Assessment Book of the Property of Fresno County for the Year 1881 .
Assessed to all Known Owners or Claimants , and when Unknown to Unknown Owners or Claimants . [ ]
Value of Total the franchise , value Total roadway , of all value DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY roadbeds , property after rails , and after equalization Total rolling - stock deductions .
by the tax .
Taxpayer 's Real estate other than city and town of railroads ( Changes State Name lots .
Subdivision of sectioons or as apportioned by the Board metes and bounds .
City and town lots .
to the county county of Improvements .
Personal property . by the State boards of equalization .
Board of equalization Equalization . to be noted in red ink . ) [ ]
Southern SIR :
The state board Pacific of equalization on the second day $ 295,845 $ 602,869 $ 602,869 $ 10,246.78 Railroad of May , 1881 , assessed , for the year Company .
1881 , the Southern Pacific Railroad Company for its franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , and rollingstock , in the state of California , in the aggregate sum of $ 11,739,915 .
The entire line of main track of said railroad of said company in the said state is 711.51 miles .
The length of the main track of said railway in Fresno county is 17.93 miles .
The description of the whole of the main track of the railway of the said Southern Pacific Railroad Company , and the right of way for the same , in the county of Fresno , is as follows : Beginning at the town of Huron , and running easterly in the direction of Goshen , in Tulare county , to the east line of Fresno county .
The assessed value per mile of said railway , as fixed by a pro rata distribution per mile of the assessed value of the whole franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , and rolling stock as such railway of the said company within this state is $ 16,500 .
The apportionment of the assessment of the said franchise , roadway , road - beds , rails , and rolling stock , by this board , for and to Fresno county , is $ 295,845 .
WARREN DUTTON , CHAIRMAN , M. M. DREW , D. M. KENFIELD , T. D. HEISKELL , State Board of Equalization , E. W. MASLIN , Clerk . [ ]
[ 118 U.S. 394 , 408 ]
There were similar rolls in reference to the Central Pacific Railroad in the same county , for the same year , and the Southern Pacific in Santa Clara county for 1882 .
For each of those years the board of supervisors of the respective counties made an apportionment of the taxes among the legal subdivisions of such counties .
It is stated in the findings that the delinquent lists for those years , so far as they related to the taxes in question , were duly made up in form corresponding with the original assessment roll ; that , in pursuance of section 3738 of the Political Code of California , the board of supervisors of the respective counties duly passed an order , entered on the minutes , dispensing with the duplicate assessment roll for that year ; that the comptroller of the state transmitted a letter to the tax collector of the county , in pursuance of the provisions of section 3899 of that Code , directing him to offer the property for sale but once , and , if there were no bona fide purchasers , to withdraw it from sale ; that the tax collector , in obedience to the provisions of that section , transmitted to the comptroller , with his indorsement thereon of the action had in the premises , a certified copy of the entry upon the delinquent list relating to the tax in question in these several actions ; that such indorsement shows that the tax collector had offered the property for sale , and had withdrawn it because there was no purchaser for the same ; and that the comptroller , in pursuance of the provisions of the same section , transmitted to the tax collector of the county a letter directing him to bring suit .
In each case there were also the following findings :
` The state board of equalization , in assessing said value of said property to and against defendant , assessed the full cash value of said railroad , roadway , road - bed , rails , rolling stock , and franchises , without deducting therefrom the value of the mortgage , or any part thereof , given and existing thereon as aforesaid , to secure the indebtedness of said company to the holders of said bonds , notwithstanding they had full knowledge of the existence of the said mortgage ; and in making said assessment the said state board of equalization did not consider or treat said mortgage as an interest in said property , but as - [ 118 U.S. 394 , 409 ] sessed the whole value thereof to the defendant , in the same menner as if there had been no mortgage thereon .
The state board of equalization , in making the supposed assessment of said roadway of defendant , did knowingly and designedly include in the valuation of said roadway the value of fences erected upon the line between said roadway and the land of coterminous proprietors .
Said fences were valued at $ 300 per mile . '
The special grounds of defense by each of the defendants were : ( 1 ) That its road is a part of a continuous postal and military route , constructed and maintained under the authority of the United States , by means in part obtained from the general government ; that the company having , with the consent of the state , become subject to the requirements , conditions , and provisions of the acts of congress , it thereby ceased to be merely a state corporation , and became one of the agencies or instrumentalities employed by the general government to execute its constitutional powers ; and that the franchise to operate a postal and military route , for the transportation of troops , munitions of war , public stores , and the mails , being derived from the United States , cannot , without their consent , be subjected to state taxation .
( 2 ) That the provisions of the constitution and laws of California , in respect to the assessment for taxation of the property of railway corporations operating railroads in more than one county , are in violation of the fourteenth amendment of the constitution , in so far as they require the assessment of their property at its full money value , without making deduction , as in the case of railroads operated in one county , and of other corporations , and of natural persons , for the value of the mortgages covering the property assessed ; thus imposing upon the defendant unequal burdens , and to that extent denying to it the equal protection of the laws .
( 3 ) That what is known as section 3664 of the Political Code of California , under the authority of which , in part , the assessment was made , was not constitutionally enacted by the legislature , and had not the force of law .
( 4 ) That no void assessment appears in fact to have been made by the state board .
( 5 ) That no interest is recoverable in this action until after judgment .
( 6 ) [ 118 U.S. 394 , 410 ]
That the assessment upon which the action is based is void , because it included property which the state board of equalization had no jurisdiction , under any circumstances , to assess ; and that , as such illegal part was so blended with the balance that it cannot be separated , the entire assessment must be treated as a nullity .
The record contains elaborate opinions stating the grounds upon which judgments were ordered for the defendants .
Mr. Justice FIELD overruled the first of the special defenses above named , but sustained the second .
The circuit judge , in addition , held that section 3664 of the Political Code had not been passed in the mode required by the state constitution , and consequently was no part of the law of California .
These opinions are reported as the Santa Clara Railroad Tax Case , in 9 SAWY .
165 , 210 ; S. C. 18 Fed. Rep. 385 .
The propositions embodied in the conclusions reached in the circuit court were discussed with marked ability by counsel who appeared in this court for the respective parties .
Their importance cannot well be over - estimated ; for they not only involve a construction of the recent amendments to the national constitution in their application to the constitution and the legislation of a state , but upon their determination , if it were necessary to consider them , would depend the system of taxation devised by that state for raising revenue , from certain corporations , for the support of her government .
These questions belong to a class which this court should not decide unless their determination is essential to the disposal of the case in which they arise .
Whether the present cases require a decision of them depends upon the soundness of another proposition , upon which the court below , in view of its conclusions upon other issues , did not deem it necessary to pass .
We allude to the claim of the defendant , in each case , that the entire assessment is a nullity , upon the ground that the state board of equalization included therein property which it was without jurisdiction to assess for taxation .
The argument in behalf of the defendant is that the state board knowingly and designedly included in its assessment of `the franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , and rolling - stock ' of [ 118 U.S. 394 , 411 ] each company , the value of the fences erected upon the line between its roadway and the land of coterminous proprietors ; that the fences did not constitute a part of such roadway , and therefore could only be assessed for taxation by the proper officer of the several counties in which they were situated ; and that an entire assessment which includes property not assessable by the state board against the party assessed , is void , and therefore insufficient to support an action ; at least , when - and such is claimed to be the case here - it does not appear with reasonable certainty , from the face of the assessment or otherwise , what part of the aggregate valuation represents the property so illegally included therein .
If these positions are tenable , there will be no occasion to consider the grave questions of constitutional law upon which the case was determined below ; for , in that event , the judgment can be affirmed upon the ground that the assessment cannot properly be the basis of a judgment against the defendant .
That the state board purposely included in its assessment and valuation the fences erected on the line between the railroads and the lands of adjacent proprietors , at the rate of $ 300 per mile , is undoubtedly true ; for it is so stated in the special finding of facts , and that finding must be taken here to be indisputable .
It is equally true that that tribunal has no general power of assessment , but only jurisdiction to assess `the franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , and rolling stock ' of railroad corporations operating roads in more than one county , and that all other property of such corporations , subject to taxation , is assessable only `in the county , city , city and county , town , township , or district in which it is situated , in the manner prescribed by law . '
Such is the declaration of the state constitution .
People v. Sacramento Co. , 59 Cal. 324 ; article 13 , 10 .
It must also be conceded that `fences ' erected on the line between these railroads and the lands of adjoining proprietors were improperly included by the state board in its assessments , unless they constituted a part of the `roadway . '
Some light is thrown upon this question by that clause of section 3664 of the Political Code of California - which , in the view [ 118 U.S. 394 , 412 ] we take of these cases , may be regarded as having been legally enacted - providing that `the depots , station grounds , shops , buildings , and gravel beds ' shall be assessed in the county where situated as other property .
From this it seems that there is much of the property daily used in the business of a railroad operated in more than one county that is not assessable by the state board , but only by the proper authorities of the municipality where it is situated ; so that , even if it appeared that the fences assessed by the state board were the property of the railroad companies , and not of the adjoining proprietors , they could not be included in an assessment by that board unless they were part of the roadway itself ; for , as shown , the jurisdiction of that board is restricted to the assessment of the `franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , and rolling stock . '
We come back , then , to the vital inquiry , whether the fences could be assessed under the head of roadway .
We are of opinion that they cannot be regarded as part of the roadway for purposes of taxation .
The constitution of California provides that `land , and improvements thereon , shall be separately assessed , ' ( article 13 , 2 ; ) and , although that instrument does not define what are improvements upon land , the Political Code of the state expressly declares that the term `improvements ' includes `all buildings , structures , fixtures , fences , and improvements erected upon or affixed to the land . '
Section 3617 .
It would seem from these provisions that fences erected upon the roadway , even if owned by the railroad company , must be separately assessed as `improvements , ' in the mode required in the case of depots , station grounds , shops , and buildings owned by the company ; namely , by local officers in the county where they are situated .
The same considerations of public interest or convenience upon which rest existing regulations for the assessments of depots , station grounds , shops , and buildings of a railroad company operated in more than one county would apply equally to the assessment and valuation for taxation of fences erected upon the line of railway of the same company .
In San Francisco & N. P. R. Co. v. State Board of Equalization , 60 Cal. 12 , 34 , which was applica- [ 118 U.S. 394 , 413 ] tion , on certiorari , to annul certain orders of the state board assessing the property of a railroad corporation , one of the questions was as to the meaning of the words `road - bed ' and `roadway . '
The court there said : " The road - bed is the foundation on which the superstructure of a railroad rests . '
Webster .
The roadway is the right of way , which has been held to be the property liable to taxation .
Appeal of North Beach & M. R. Co. , 32 Cal. 499 .
The rails in place constitute the superstructure resting upon the road - bed . '
This definition was approved in San Francisco v. Central Pac. P. Co. , 63 Cal. 467 , 469 .
In the latter case the question was whether certain steamers owned by the railroad company , upon which were laid railroad tracks , and with which its passenger and freight cars were transported from the eastern shore of the bay of San Francisco to its western shore , where the railway again commenced , were to be assessed by the city and county of San Francisco , or by the state board of equalization .
The contention of the company was that they constituted a part of its road - bed or roadway , and must therefore be assessed by the state board ; but the supreme court of the state held otherwise .
After observing that all the property of the company , other than its franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , and rolling stock , was required by the constitution to be assessed by the local assessors , the court said :
` They are certainly not the franchise of the defendant corporation .
They may constitute an element to be taken into computation to arrive at the value of the franchise of the corporation , but they are not such franchise .
It is equally as clear that they are not rails or rolling stock .
...
Are they , then , embraced within the words `roadway ' or `road - bed , ' in the ordinary and popular acceptation of such words as applied to railroads ?
These two words , as applied to common roads , ordinarily mean the same thing , but as applied to railroads their meaning is not the same .
The `road - bed ' referred to in section 10 , in our judgment , is the bed or foundation on which the superstructure of the railroad rests .
Such is the definition given by both Worcester and Webster , and we think it correct .
The `roadway ' has a more extended signification as applied to railroads .
In addition to the part denominated [ 118 U.S. 394 , 414 ] road - bed , the roadway includes whatever space of ground the company is allowed by law in which to construct its road - bed and lay its track .
Such space is defined in subdivision 4 of the seventeenth section and the twentieth section of the act `to provide for the incorporation of railroad companies , ' etc. , approved May 20 , 1861 .
St. 1861 , p. 607 ; San Francisco & N. P. R. Co. v. State Board , 60 Cal. 12 .'
The argument in support of the proposition , that these steamers - constituting , as they did , a necessary link in the line of the company 's railway , and upon which rails were actually laid for the running of cars - were a part either of the road - bed or roadway of the railroad , is much more cogent than the argument that the fences erected upon the line between a roadway and the lands of adjoining proprietors are a part of the roadway itself .
It seems to the court that the fences in question are not , within the meaning of the local law , a part of the roadway for purposes of taxation , but are `improvements ' assessable by the local authorities of the proper county , and therefore were improperly included by the state board in its valuation of the property of the defendants .
The next inquiry that naturally arises is whether the different kinds of property assessed by the state board are distinct and separable upon the face of the assessment , so that the company , being thereby informed of the amount of taxes levied upon each , could be held to have been in default in not tendering such sum , if any , as was legally due .
Upon the transcript before us , this question must be answered in the negative .
No record of assessment , as made by the state board , was introduced at the trial , and presumably no such record existed .
Nor is there any documentary evidence of such assessment , except the official communication of the state board to the local assessors , called , in the findings , the assessment roll of the county .
That roll shows only the aggregate valuation of the company 's franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , and rolling stock in the state ; the length of the company 's main track in the state ; its length in the county ; the assessed value per mile of the railway , as fixed by the pro rata distribution per mile of the assessed value of its whole franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , [ 118 U.S. 394 , 415 ] and rolling stock in the state ; and the apportionment of the property so assessed to the county .
It appears , as already stated , from the evidence , that the fences were included in the valuation of the defendants ' property ; but under what head , whether of franchise , roadway , or road - bed , does not appear .
Nor can it be ascertained , with reasonable certainty , either from the assessment roll or from other evidence , what was the aggregate valuation of the fences , or what part of such valuation was apportioned to the respective counties through which the railroad was operated .
If the presumption is that the state board included in its valuation only such property as it had jurisdiction under the state constitution to assess , namely , such as could be rightfully classified under the heads of franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , or rolling stock , that presumption was overthrown by proof that it did , in fact , include , under some one or more of these heads , the fences in question .
It was then incumbent upon the plaintiff , by satisfactory evidence , to separate that which was illegal from that which was legal , - assuming , for the purposes of this case only , that the assessment was in all other respects legal , - and thus impose upon the defendant the duty of tendering , or enable the court to render judgment for , such amount , if any , as was justly due .
But no such evidence was introduced .
The finding that the fences were valued at $ 300 per mile is too vague and indefinite as a basis for estimating the aggregate valuation of the fences included in the assessment , or the amount thereof apportioned to the respective counties .
Were the fences the property of adjacent proprietors ?
Were they assessed at that rate for every mile of the railroad within the state ?
Were they erected on the line of the railroad in every county through which it was operated , or only in some of them ?
Wherever erected , were they assessed for each side of the railway , or only for one side ?
These questions , so important in determining the extent to which the assessment included a valuation of the fences erected upon the line between the railroad and coterminous proprietors , find no solution in the record presented to this court .
If it be suggested that , under the circumstances , the court [ 118 U.S. 394 , 416 ] might have assumed that the state board included the fences in their assessment at the rate of $ 300 per mile for every mile of the railroad within the state , counting one or both sides of the roadway , and , having thus eliminated from the assessment the aggregate so found , given judgment for such sum , if any , as , upon that basis , would have been due upon the valuation of the franchise , road - bed , roadway , rails , and rolling stock of the defendant , the answer is that the plaintiff did not offer to take such a judgment ; and the court could not have rendered one of that character without concluding the plaintiff hereafter , and upon a proper assessment , from claiming against the defendant taxes for the years in question upon such of its property as constituted its franchise , roadway , road - bed , rails , and rolling stock .
The case , as presented to the court below , was therefore one in which the plaintiff sought judgment for an entire tax arising upon an assessment of different kinds of property as a unit ; such assessment including property not legally assessable by the state board , and the part of the tax assessed against the latter property not being separable from the other part .
Upon such an issue , the law , we think , is for the defendant .
An assessment of that kind is invalid , and will not support an action for the recovery of the entire tax so levied .
Cooley , Tax'n , 295 , 296 , and authorities there cited ; Libby v. Burnham , 15 Mass .
147 ; State v. City of Plainfield , 38 N. J. Law , 94 ; Gamble v. Witty , 55 Miss. 35 ; Stone v. Bean , 15 Gray , 45 ; Mosher v. Robie , 2 Fairf .
137 ; Johnson v. Colburn , 36 Vt. 695 ; Wells v. Burbank , 17 N. H. 412 .
It results that the court below might have given judgment in each case for the defendant upon the ground that the assessment , which was the foundation of the action , included property of material value which the state board was without jurisdiction to assess , and the tax levied upon which cannot , from the record , be separated from that imposed upon other property embraced in the same assessment .
As the judgment can be sustained upon this ground , it is not necessary to consider any other questions raised by the pleadings and the facts found by the court .
[ 118 U.S. 394 , 417 ]
It follows that there is no occasion to determine under what circumstances the plaintiffs would be entitled to judgment against a delinquent tax - payer for penalties , interest , or attorney 's fees ; for , if the plaintiffs are not entitled to judgment for the taxes arising out of the assessments in question , no liability for penalties , interest , or attorney 's fees could result from a refusal or failure to pay such taxes .
Judgment affirmed .
Footnotes
Puppets , Nerds , and Science Geeks Still cooler than the Jonas Brothers
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
HUJE TOWER
An addicting puzzle game with real world physics , similar to World of Goo .
Build a tower using funny little bacterias to reach the line .
Try to complete four different chapters and all 40 levels to set a top score .
Instructions
Build constuctions from the little bacteria to reach the target line .
Click and drag ' Hujos ' and objects to fit them together .
As the game progresses new Hujos and objects are introduced , it 's up to you to figure out how to use them to reach your goal .
70
HUJE TOWER WALKTHROUGH VIDEO
Huje Tower is an online puzzle game developed by Maksym Hryniv , and has been played 1038456 times on Bubblebox.com . % of people have voted thumbs up
Allan .
Hunter has written : ' Joseph Conrad and the ethics of Darwinism ' -- subject(s ) : English Didactic fiction , Ethics , Evolution ( Biology ) in literature , History , History and criticism , Influence , Knowledge , Literature and science , Science , Social Darwinism in literature , Social ethics in literature ' Thomas Hunter of Fife ' ' Burt Lancaster : the man and his movies '
2010 is almost here , and the staff at the Parks Conservancy is busily putting together plans for the year ’s projects , programs , and outreach activities .
We ’re expecting a banner year , with lots of exciting work that will continue to elevate our parks toward world standards of excellence .
But we thought before we look into the future , we should take a moment to celebrate all that we ’ve accomplished in 2009 .
Volunteers Plant Over 500 Trees
This year , 657 volunteers ( including those in our dedicated Urban EcoStewards program ) contributed more than 2,900 hours to parks restoration .
That includes planting 555 trees in the parks , everywhere from Flagstaff Hill in Schenley Park to the seasonal pools in Highland Park .
We ’ll continue to count on volunteers next year , and we need people to help with everything from litter pickup to planting bulbs .
If you ’d like to join our volunteer corps , click here .
Parks and Conservancy Win 9 Awards
Our park system is gaining recognition in our own region and around the world .
Among the awards we received this year were the Riverview Chapel Shelter ’s Historic Preservation Award from the City ’s Historic Review Commission and Schenley Plaza ’s Silver Award for Environmentally Sustainable Projects from the International Awards for Livable Communities held in Pilsen , Czech Republic .
Take a look at the complete list here .
Special Events Raise Funds
In its eleventh year , the Spring Hat Luncheon dazzled guests with beautiful views of the Pittsburgh skyline from the Schenley Overlook .
The Children ’s Carousel Tea transformed Schenley Plaza into a true big top thanks to the Zany Umbrella Circus , and the first - ever Target the Parks was a great success in Ligonier .
( Click the links above to see photo slideshows from each event ! )
Lecture Series Explores Park Issues
This spring , four of the Parks Conservancy ’s staff members gave lunchtime lectures at the Schenley Park Café and Visitor Center on topics ranging from tree care to watershed health .
Then in the fall , we hosted landscape architect Walter Hood , who shared his plans for greening the Hill District .
Another lecture brought Doug Blonsky , Administrator of Central Park , and Tim Fulton , former Director of Operations at the Buffalo Olmsted Parks Conservancy , to town to share how zone management has worked in their parks .
You can see archived materials from that lecture here .
Pirates Hit Home Runs for Trees
If you attended a Pittsburgh Pirates game at PNC Park this season , you may have seen our logo up on the scoreboard from time to time .
That ’s because , thanks to a new partnership , every time the Pirates hit a home run at PNC Park , the Pirates donated a native tree for planting in the parks .
This year ’s total was 75 trees !
Now we all have one more good reason to root , root , root for the home team .
Schenley Plaza Breaks Attendance Records
In Schenley Plaza ‘s fourth summer , an average of 1,000 people a day visited the park !
Even more people came out for special events like the WYEP Summer Music Festival , Pogopalooza , the Visionary Arts Festival , and the Pittsburgh Jazz Festival .
We ’re planning another season of great programming now , and we expect our one millionth Plaza guest sometime in summer 2010 .
Hill District Greenprint Takes Shape
The Parks Conservancy has been working with Find the Rivers ! to create a plan for green space in the Hill District .
This year , Walter Hood was chosen as the principal landscape architect on the project , which will help to create a network of public green spaces and river overlooks .
The plan is continuing to take shape with input from the community .
Watch this space for updates in 2010 .
Parks Are Free Campaign Encourages People to Get Outdoors
The Parks Conservancy was everywhere this summer thanks to an ad campaign sponsored by UPMC Health Plan that helped to promote the dozens of free events held in the park each week .
The Parks Are Free website provided an at - a - glance look at the day ’s events , with a link to a calendar searchable by park , date , and event type .
Parks
Are Free will continue to bring you a one - stop source for park events in 2010 and beyond .
Mellon Square Steps into the Spotlight
This historic downtown park will be a major focus for the Parks Conservancy going forward , as we plan for its restoration and future programming .
This year , we developed a web timeline , a cell phone walking tour , and a video celebrating the park ’s historical significance .
Last month , The Cultural Landscape Foundation brought its Pioneers Regional Symposium to Pittsburgh to honor the life and work of Mellon Square ’s designer , John O. Simonds .
The momentum from 2009 will continue into 2010 , as the park ’s new management plan is unveiled and work begins .
Stars Are Born at Mellon Park Walled Garden
It may not have looked like it this summer when the lawn was under construction , but in 2010 the Mellon Park Walled Garden will be the most beautiful place for stargazing in the city–even if you ’re looking at the ground .
Work has concluded for this year , and after a winter for the plants and grass to establish themselves , we ’ll have a grand re-opening for this beautiful Shadyside park in the spring .
Park Trails Get a Makeover
After several years of fundraising , engineering , and approvals , our trail and signage project began last week in Schenley Park .
While you ’re snuggled inside by the fire this winter , crews will be improving the condition of trails throughout the park system .
The project will improve connectivity in the parks and make it safer for hikers , runners , and cyclists to use the trails .
And that ’s only some of what we accomplished !
We also launched a spiffy new website , hired a Director of Education who has already started putting together some awesome programs for students , expanded the Daffodil Project to Highland Park , put up interpretive signage inside the Riverview Chapel Shelter , led 16 more Walks in the Woods , restored the bronze work on the Westinghouse Memorial , welcomed a new Director of Marketing and Membership Development , hosted over 100 (! ) people at a time for free yoga at Schenley Plaza , cleaned up after a whale of a June storm , installed giant LED daffodils at the Plaza , and much more .
Thank you to all of our supporters who helped make every bit of this possible .
We will do our best to top this in 2010 with your continued support !
Royal Dutch
Shell has publicly announced it will slash 5,000 jobs by year end — including “ hundreds ” in Houston — as part of a sweeping reorganization new CEO Peter Voser said is needed to make the company more competitive .
But under a separate program , the European oil giant has been quietly transferring additional office jobs from Houston and elsewhere to India and the Philippines to reduce costs , according to internal Shell documents obtained by the Chronicle and a person familiar with the plan .
The “ migration ” programs affect employees in finance and other support functions , which are being consolidated in what the oil company calls “ shared service centers ” in low - cost countries to fit the new company structure .
They are “ part of a Shell - wide effort to streamline processes and improve efficiency ” and “ will enable us to deliver consistently world - class service at a competitive cost , ” according to a Shell Powerpoint presentation for a portion of the company 's finance division .
It 's unclear how many of Shell 's 13,000 employees in the Houston area will be affected by the migration plans .
Partly , that 's because company officials are still deciding which jobs will stay or go abroad , and are rolling out the plans in phases that run into next year .
But at least a few divisions in Houston are preparing to be downsized dramatically .
“ People are very concerned about their future , ” said a Shell finance employee , who requested anonymity for fear of losing his job .
He said about a quarter of the jobs on his team will be relocated to India in coming months and that more will follow under a final phase next year .
The salaries for the foreign jobs are a small fraction of those for similar U.S. jobs and have fewer benefits , making it impractical for many American employees to make the move , the finance employee said .
Shell officials would not comment directly on the internal company documents , nor discuss potential job losses from migration programs .
But they said shared service centers in Manila are part of a broader effort to make the company more efficient and competitive .
Major oil companies including Shell , ConocoPhillips and BP have been cutting jobs , capital spending budgets and other costs in response to the global economic downturn that has sapped demand for petroleum products like gasoline and diesel fuel .
And it 's nothing new for multinational companies to move U.S. jobs to lower - wage countries to save on labor costs .
But Shell 's migration programs could have broader implications for Houston .
They suggest that yet another category of well - paying jobs in the oil and gas industry is leaving the city , perhaps forever , as energy companies try to get leaner to compete .
“ We talk about Houston being the energy capital of the world , but it 's lost some of that edge , especially in the manufacturing sector , ” said Barton Smith , director of the University of Houston 's Institute for Regional Forecasting .
“ But it remains the technological center of energy and it remains , to a large extent , the financial center . ”
The exit of energy finance jobs from the city would be discouraging , especially as a shortage of engineering talent has already forced the oil industry to recruit overseas , said Amy Jaffe , a senior fellow in energy studies at Rice University 's Baker Institute .
But at the same time , Shell could add other jobs to the region over time as the company develops major projects in North and South America , she said .
In fact , the region should be a “ disproportionately growing part of Shell ” in coming years with new projects in deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico and Brazil , the Canadian oil sands and natural gas fields in the U.S. and Canada , said Marvin Odum , president of the company 's U.S. division , in a recent interview with the Chronicle .
For now , however , the company is still finding its footing amid uncertainty on many fronts .
Shell , which is based in The Hague , with U.S. headquarters in Houston , has been involved in a major downsizing since Voser replaced Jeroen van der Veer as CEO in July .
By year end , the company plans to cut 5,000 employees , or 10 percent of its global workforce , under a reorganization he calls Transition 2009 .
The process — which merged the company 's three upstream businesses into two , expanded its downstream group and added a new projects and technology division — trimmed management ranks by 20 percent and has forced 15,000
Shell employees to re-apply for a smaller pool of jobs .
Shell officials said that reorganization will wrap up by the end of this month .
The company has been moving on a separate track with its migration programs .
The company recently told employees within its finance division that some of their jobs are being relocated from Houston and Calgary , Alberta , to “ finance operations centers ” in Manila and Chennai , India .
Spokesman Bill Tanner said foreign shared service centers are key to improving the finance unit 's competitiveness .
“ Currently , our finance operations are too complex and too costly and this is preventing the finance function from fully contributing value to the business , ” he said .
brett.clanton@chron.com
WASHINGTON -- Republicans called on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to resign his leadership post over remarks he made in 2008 about then - presidential candidate Barack Obama , adding to the Nevada Democrat 's political troubles .
Mr. Reid , who supported Mr. Obama 's candidacy , said in private remarks during the campaign that the country was ready for a " light - skinned " African - American president with " no Negro dialect , unless he wanted to have one . "
The remarks are recounted in a new book , " Game Change : Obama and the Clintons , ...
Court told pair aged 10 and 11 showed no apparent remorse for violent assault on two boys in Edlington
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Two brothers aged 10 and 11 who subjected a pair of boys to a long ordeal of torture , beating and sexual assault told police they had only stopped hitting their victims because their " arms were aching " , a court heard today .
Although the boys eventually admitted much of what they had done in the brutal attack , which happened on waste ground near Edlington , south Yorkshire , they showed no apparent remorse , Sheffield crown was told .
The older brother could give no other reason for the attack than to say there was " nowt to do " .
The assault , on a Saturday morning last April , happened without warning or apparent motive and lasted for more than an hour .
The older of the two victims , then aged 11 , was left near death with severe head injuries .
He was only saved after the younger victim , his nephew aged nine , raised the alarm .
The victims were led away from a playground and robbed , punched and kicked , hit with bricks and sticks , burned , choked , cut with glass and made to perform sexual acts , the court was told .
Today 's evidence was the first time the attackers ' version of events had been heard .
Neither can be named for legal reasons .
Nicholas Campbell QC , prosecuting , read out the boys ' answers to the same question – why had they eventually stopped their attack ?
The older brother , now 12 , said he had " had enough " , Campbell said .
When the boy was asked : " Why did n't you want to do any more ? " he replied : " My arms were aching . "
Campbell continued : " [ He ] was asked how close he thought he and his brother had come to killing either or both [ of the boys ] , and he replied , on a scale of one to 10 , perhaps eight or nine . "
The younger brother , now 11 , was told in his police interview what his brother had said .
Asked why he had also stopped the attack , he responded : " My arms were hurting . "
Campbell read out the next exchange , saying : " If your arms had n't been hurting , would you have carried on ? " to which the reply was : " Yeah . "
On being played the mobile footage , seen by the court yesterday , the younger brother was asked how he felt .
He replied : " All right , " but then added that he felt bad .
Asked why , he answered : " Because I did n't know [ my brother ] were recording it . "
The younger brother told police that when they first encountered the victims , both attackers had said simultaneously : " Do you want to bang them ? "
Campbell continued : " By ' bang them ' he meant and understood his brother to say ' batter them ' , and by that he meant to convey that they would punch them and continue to punch them .
" He again said that he did n't know why and said that they had never seen either [ of the victims ] before that morning . "
In contrast to the apparent lack of remorse or insight into why they had decided to act as they did , both brothers , after initially denying responsibility and then blaming the other , were able to recount details of the attack .
Campbell read out the older brother 's description of how he had caused a deep wound to the younger victim 's arm .
" He said he had used a brick to do that , and that [ the younger victim ] had screamed out in pain ' at the top of his voice ' , " Campbell told the court .
" He said that blood had poured out of the wound , which was ' horrible ' .
He added : ' I do n't like looking at other people 's blood . ' "
The younger brother told police he had hit the older victim's head with a brick " as hard as he was able " .
The victim had screamed and tried to use his thumb and finger to staunch the wound .
His older brother looked on , Campbell said , adding : " The wound looked deep and dirty and made [ the younger brother ] feel sick .
" He did nothing to help him either , because he did not want to get blood on his clothing . "
Earlier , the court was told what happened to the victims when the brothers eventually left to go and meet their father .
The younger victim had gone over to the other , his uncle , who had serious head injuries .
Campbell said : " He asked him if he was all right .
[ The older boy ] replied : ' No .
I ca n't see and I can't move my body . '
" [ The younger boy ] tried to encourage him to move , but he said : ' You go , I 'll just die here . ' "
In September the two attackers pleaded guilty to grievous bodily harm with intent and charges relating to the robbery and sexual element of the attack .
They admitted attacking another boy a week before the assault .
This week 's hearing is due to end with sentencing tomorrow .
The court heard how the attackers moved to Edlington from nearby Doncaster less than three weeks before the attack after being placed in foster care .
Both victims had recovered physically but had some scarring and suffered trauma and nightmares , Campbell told the judge , Mr Justice Keith .
The younger victim was coping notably less well due to guilt at leaving his uncle behind and had started to be disruptive at school .
Formerly close , the pair were seeing each other rarely .
The attackers have sat seemingly impassive throughout long descriptions of the attack .
But the younger brother , now 11 , broke down and wept today as the court heard a description of his " toxic " home environment .
Peter Kelson QC , representing the older brother , talked of " routine aggression , violence and chaos " .
Their heavy - drinking , obsessively jealous father hit and kicked their mother , turning on any of the family 's seven sons who tried to intervene , he said .
The hearing was adjourned as the other boy slumped forward on a desk , sobbing .
Kelsen 's mitigation statement noted that the older brother had viewed pornographic and violent films , smoked his father 's home - grown cannabis and regularly drank vodka and cider .
The court was told of a series of violent incidents involving the brothers in the two years before the attack .
The older boy attacked a younger child , punched and kicked two teachers , and punched a mother with infant children on a local street .
His sibling hit one teacher , a woman , and headbutted another , the court heard .
A serious case review , to be published after the trial but leaked to the BBC , concluded that Doncaster social services had missed dozens of chances to intervene with the boys ' natural family and thus prevent the attack .
" Everybody loves the BBC and it does n't cost anything , Murdoch should learn a thing or two . "
- Comment by reader ' peter 3 ' at The Register
Everyone 's missed the clever part of Rupert Murdoch 's broadside against Google last week .
Murdoch said he'd block Google from spidering his websites ' content , and may use litigation against public broadcasters such as the BBC , who use material spawned in his papers .
The conventional wisdom from web gurus was that he was off his rocker , and his comments were the last gasp of a Luddite .
And that shows you what the conventional wisdom of web pundits is worth .
What Murdoch has done is say the unspeakable .
He 's offered a roadmap for taming Google - and a re-ordering of everything we take for granted about the web today .
He can't do so alone , which is why his real audience included media and entertainment executives who lack the courage to think such heresies .
But he invited the prospect that without its expensively - produced material , Google stops being the omnivorous destroyer of their livelihoods they suppose it is today .
And this , in turn , means Google 's own investment decisions today may be horribly misplaced .
But let 's wind back a moment - you need to see the contours of the set in this particular drama .
Although they 'd never admit it , Rupert Murdoch and Google have one thing in common : both benefit from their powers being exaggerated to almost mythic proportions .
Google is supposedly the destroyer of all businesses in advertising , media and entertainment who dare defy its rules .
It has the wisdom of a prophet - it's a modern Jesus , the loopier web evangelists want us to believe .
Similarly Murdochs is an omniscient Bond villain who apparently has Governments in his pocket , and has the power to crush the tiny embattled public sector .
( Jonathan Pryce played a media tycoon called Elliot Carver in Tomorrow Never Dies . )
The name " Murdoch " is enough to provoke a Five Minute Hate in any polite North London media circles .
Both live up to their reputations , too , because doing business is easier that way .
In fact they 're very mortal indeed ; both " empires " are somewhat less than imperial - they 're uniquely vulnerable , in their respective ways .
Murdoch operates in a fiercely competitive field , seeing production and distribution costs remain high but ad rates fall , and he's at the mercy of politically motivated regulators .
The recommendation to strip Sky of English cricket broadcast rights - which it won fairly at auction - and hand it to the Beeb , which did n't even bid , is a sharp reminder of how business works at the whim of politicians .
For its part , Google is ( still ) a one - trick pony , and regular readers of our investigations into its " black box " auction system know how vulnerable that is - both to gaming , and regulatory intervention .
Google is permitted to set the price of doing business on the internet , a state of affairs that cannot last indefinitely .
What Murdoch did last week is invite us to contemplate Google 's mortality .
It 's quite simple .
If Murdoch blocked Google 's spiders , and others followed suit , then the value of Google search index would fall dramatically .
It would n't go away , but a company whose mission is to " organise the world 's information " has a unique problem .
If it can't access that information , then the mission statement will never be fulfilled .
What Google would be left with is an apparatus - created at great expense - for collecting much of the world 's garbage .
Google becomes the world 's most stupid tape recorder - collecting all the dross that was never intended to be recorded - drivel , overheard .
Much of this is spam , created by bots ; much of the rest is chatter .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 18/12/2009 ( 3938 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Opinion
MIKE .APORIUS@FREEPRESS.MB.CA
‘ I ’m scared , ’ says Richard .
‘ I ’ve never been scared of anything in my life . ’
Isaiah Russell Daniel Jaevon Richard was born to a mother who did n't know she was pregnant .
Despite some evidence to the contrary , Heather Richard says she 's ready to be a good mom .
Richard , 32 , was oblivious to the child growing inside her .
She says a doctor once told her she could n't get pregnant .
Her periods have always been irregular .
If it had n't been for two police officers who came to arrest her , her child would have died .
It 's not unheard - of for a woman not to know she 's pregnant .
According to a Maclean 's magazine article , studies show that one in every 2,500 pregnant women have no idea they 're carrying .
If they have irregular periods , are carrying extra weight ( she 's not obese but is heavy ) or have a small baby ( Isaiah was under five pounds ) it 's possible not to know .
Richard did seek medical attention during her pregnancy .
She often felt unwell .
Once , she was told she had acid reflux .
The next time she was told she had a gallstone .
She was told later what she was feeling was her son's foot .
The day she gave birth she was in bed at her boyfriend 's house .
Her water broke .
" We had intercourse , " she says .
" All of a sudden I felt a gush and I thought , ' Oh ( expletive ) .
I pissed myself . ' "
She cleaned up and took the bus back to her Flora Avenue house .
It 's a duplex .
The front windows are covered in sheets of plywood .
She shares the three - bedroom home with her mother and three brothers .
Richard got home shortly after 11 Sunday morning .
She jumped into the shower thinking that would help her severe stomach cramps .
At 11:30 , she got into bed .
Half an hour later , she took a bath .
" I thought I had to crap , " she says .
" I could feel something hard in my belly .
I thought , ' Oh my God that 's a big crap . ' "
At 1:20 , she went to call an ambulance for her pain but had to rush back to the bathroom .
" I thought , ' What the ( expletive ) . '
I did n't know it was a baby .
I thought it was my intestines .
When I looked closer I saw that it was my baby .
His head was in the water . "
MIKE .APORIUS@FREEPRESS.MB.CA
Heather and Isaiah Richard .
Luckily for Isaiah , police came to arrest his mother just as he was being born .
She tilts her head to demonstrate .
The baby 's mouth and nose were clear of the toilet water .
" I yelled for Dwayne ( her 15 - year - old brother ) .
' Come and get my baby out of the toilet ! ' "
He was no help .
" He froze .
He 's like ' Eff that . ' "
In a made - for - the - movies moment , two police officers came to the door .
Richard was wanted on a outstanding warrant for theft .
They heard her screaming , ran down the hall to the bathroom and saved Isaiah 's life .
He had a small skull fracture from hitting the bowl .
" Instead of arresting me , they saved me . "
By 1:45 , she and her baby were in an ambulance .
She pushed out the placenta at 2 p.m .
Heather Richard does n't work .
She 's been on social assistance for years .
She was a ward of CFS , handed over because her mother could n't control her .
When she turned 18 , they reconciled and lived together again .
Although she graduated from R.B. Russell High School , she was never able to pull her life together .
" I was a wild child , " she says .
" I had a rough life because I chose to live it that way . "
She 's been in jail .
" I do n't remember my first offence . "
Whatever it was , she says , it involved violence against other people .
She says she has n't done anything like that in years .
She 's done odd jobs , just not recently .
When she was younger , she had a serious infection that was left untreated .
It led to internal scarring .
That 's when a doctor said she 'd never have a child .
She eventually did get pregnant three times but miscarried every time .
She blames that on her former drinking and drugging days .
She denies substance abuse during her most recent pregnancy .
She smoked and still does .
The nurses have told her that the baby weighed so little at birth because she was n't taking proper care of herself during her pregnancy .
She knows that she needs to drink milk and eat more fruits and vegetables .
But that sort of diet is expensive .
When there are three strapping boys in the house it's hard to keep food in the fridge .
She sits in her tidy kitchen , crossing arms marked with home - inked tattoos across her chest .
Her milk is starting to come in and she 's sore .
She has fanned out photos of her baby on the table .
They were taken with her cellphone camera .
Isaiah has a shock of dark hair and bright eyes .
He 's tiny , although he was full term .
Everyone in her family has been to visit the miracle baby .
He 's in an incubator with a feeding tube .
Wednesday night , Richard planned to start expressing her milk so it could be squirted in Isaiah 's mouth with a syringe .
She hopes to breastfeed as soon as possible .
The nurses have taught her to cradle her little boy to her chest , offering him the security of a mother 's touch .
One person who is n't at the hospital is Isaiah 's father .
He did n't take well to the unexpected child .
" I do n't want nothing to do with him , " she says .
" He loved me Saturday .
Come Sunday he did n't want nothing to do with me . "
She has had her ex banned from the hospital .
This baby and his mother have got more than three strikes against them .
Still , Richard says she 's going to make it work .
She 's choosing to see her son as a message from her late grandmother .
" I think it 's a gift from her to straighten me out .
I 've always been the wild one .
Now I have a baby .
I can't believe he 's mine .
" Since Sunday I 've never felt so grown up . "
She knows it 's going to be rough .
She had no time to prepare a nursery , to buy diapers or sleepers .
She gets $ 80 from welfare every two weeks for her personal expenses .
While that figure will go up once Isaiah 's home from hospital , she 's starting with nothing .
" Hell , I 'm scared .
I 've never been scared of anything in my life .
Had I known I was pregnant it would have been different . "
She 's still confident .
" Of course we 're going to make it .
That 's my angel . "
lindor.reynolds@freepress.mb.ca
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
A first glimpse at the data coming down from Europe 's Goce satellite
More details
Europe 's
Goce satellite is returning remarkable new data on the way the pull of gravity varies across the Earth .
Scientists say its first maps clearly show details not seen in previous space and ground measurements .
Goce was launched by the European Space Agency ( Esa ) in March from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in north - west Russia .
Its information is expected to bring new insights into how the oceans move , and to frame a universal system to measure height anywhere on the planet .
Researchers who study geological processes , such as earthquakes and volcanoes , will also make use of the data .
The first maps built from Goce observations were presented at the American Geophysical Union 's ( AGU ) recent Fall Meeting , the world 's largest annual gathering of Earth scientists .
More or less
Although they represent just 47 days of operation following the start of the satellite 's science campaign on 30 September , the maps prove Goce is attaining an exceptional level of performance .
GRAVITY - A MOVING TARGET
The ' standard ' acceleration due to gravity at the Earth 's surface is 9.8 m per second squared
In reality the figure varies from 9.78 ( minimum ) at the equator to 9.83 ( maximum ) at the poles " There is a tremendous amount of geophysics in these plots , " explained Rune Floberghagen , Esa 's Goce mission manager .
" You see where there are big variations , for example in the mountain range of the Andes , or the Mariana Trench , or the Indonesian Arc , or the Himalayas .
In fact , on most of the continents , you see a lot of variation , " he told BBC News .
The maps reproduced on this page illustrate " gravity gradients " .
The red colours indicate a positive variation in gravity moving from one place to another - i.e. places where Earth 's tug becomes greater .
The blue colours indicate a negative variation in gravity - places where Earth 's tug is a little less .
Simply put , if you were to take some bathroom scales to these locations you would weigh fractionally more in red places and weigh less in blue ones .
Compared to existing models , it is clear Goce has something new to offer
More details
Most people are taught at school that the acceleration due to gravity at the Earth 's surface - known as g - is about 9.8 m per second squared .
But , in truth , this figure varies around the planet depending on the nature of the material underfoot .
The planet is far from a smooth sphere ; the radius of the globe at the equator is about 20 km longer than at the poles .
Goce has been described as the most beautiful satellite ever built
' Supermodel ' satellite set to fly This ellipsoid is then marked by tall mountain ranges and cut by deep ocean trenches .
The Earth 's interior layers are also not composed of perfect shells of homogenous rock - some regions are thicker or denser .
Such factors will cause g to deviate from place to place by very small but significant amounts .
The Gravity Field and Steady - State Ocean Circulation Explorer ( Goce ) maps these differences with a state - of - the - art gradiometer produced by the French Onera company .
The instrument is sensitive to accelerations of about one - tenth of a millionth of a millionth of g .
And the gradiometer measures these accelerations across all three axes of the spacecraft to obtain a multi-dimensional view of the Earth 's gravity field .
" These are by far the smallest accelerations ever measured from orbit , " said Dr Floberghagen .
Ocean shape
The first maps not only record the three components but also compare their signals to the best available gravity field models assembled from existing space - and ground - acquired data - sets .
Again , in this challenge to the existing models the Goce gradients appear most pronounced in high latitude and continental regions .
The gradients seem less marked over the oceans where a lot of gravity field information has already been determined by spacecraft that measure sea-surface topography .
The Goce team stresses that its data is not yet fully homogenous ; some areas of the Earth are currently covered better than others .
This is evident in the diagonal stripes that can be seen in a number of the maps .
The scientists say that some work also remains to be done in understanding how best to process the data .
Nonetheless , it is hoped that sufficient high - quality information will have been gathered in the opening months of the science campaign to construct what geophysicists call a geoid .
This is a special type of Earth model which traces its idealised " horizontal " surface - the plane on which , at any point , the pull of gravity is perpendicular to it .
If you could put a ball on this hypothetical surface , it would not roll - even though it appears to have slopes .
The geoid is of paramount interest to oceanographers who study the causes of the " hills " and " valleys " on the sea surface .
If local gravity differences are not pulling water about to create these features , then other factors such as currents , winds and tides must be responsible .
Extended mission
The mission team also announced at the AGU meeting that Goce is likely to keep flying far longer than anyone had envisaged at launch .
This increase in lifetime is a result of the unusually quiet behaviour of the Sun at the moment .
In periods of reduced solar activity , the Earth 's atmosphere is less extensive and this means satellites do not experience quite so much drag .
Even at its ultra - low altitude of just 254.9 km , Goce requires little effort from its propulsion system to maintain a steady orbit and keep itself from falling out of the sky .
Esa had been expecting the satellite to stay aloft for about two years .
Current solar conditions suggest Goce will still be orbiting and gathering science data in five years ' time .
" The air drag that we have experienced on orbit after launching has been very different from what any model was able to predict pre-launch , " said Dr Floberghagen .
" And that in turn means there is a lot of new science not only in the gravity field measurements but also in the measurements of the surface forces acting on the spacecraft .
" So we plan to generate another product from this mission which will serve modellers of the thermosphere , people who model the air density in the upper layers of the atmosphere . "
GRAVITY FIELD AND STEADY - STATE OCEAN CIRCULATION EXPLORER
1 .
Goce senses tiny variations in the pull of gravity over Earth 2 .
The data is used to construct an idealised surface , or geoid 3 .
It traces gravity of equal ' potential ' ; balls wo n't roll on its ' slopes ' 4 .
It is the shape the oceans would take without winds and currents 5 .
So , comparing sea level and geoid data reveals ocean behaviour 6 .
Gravity changes can betray magma movements under volcanoes 7 .
A precise geoid underpins a universal height system for the world 8 .
Gravity data can also reveal how much mass is lost by ice sheets
1 . The 1,100kg Goce is built from rigid materials and carries fixed solar wings .
The gravity data must be clear of spacecraft ' noise '
2 . Solar cells produce 1,300W and cover the Sun- facing side of Goce ; the near side ( as shown ) radiates heat to keep it cool 3 .
The 5 m - by - 1 m frame incorporates fins to stabilise the spacecraft as it flies through the residual air in the thermosphere 4 .
Goce 's accelerometers measure accelerations that are as small as 1 part in 10,000,000,000,000 of the gravity experienced on Earth 5 .
The UK - built engine ejects xenon ions at velocities exceeding 40,000 m /s ; the engine throttles up and down to keep Goce at a steady altitude 6 .
S Band antenna : Data downloads to the Kiruna ( Sweden ) ground station .
Processing , archiving is done at Esa 's centre in Frascati , Italy 7 .
GPS antennas : Precise positioning of Goce is required , but GPS data in itself can also provide some gravity field information
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In October 2009 the government of Italy announced that a wreck discovered off the southwestern tip of the country is the Catania , a passenger vessel sunk during World War I — and not the Cunski , a cargo ship loaded with radioactive waste , as alleged by district authorities from nearby Calabria .
Few locals are reassured , says Michael Leonardi of the University of Calabria .
He and others maintain that the putative Cunski is still out there and is just one of numerous ships full of poisonous garbage that a crime syndicate has scuttled in the Mediterranean Sea .
Such a startling allegation , if true , would not only damage the tourism and fishing industries along this idyllic coast but also compromise the health of Mediterranean residents .
Processing and safely storing waste from the chemical , pharmaceutical and other industries can cost hundreds , even thousands , of dollars per ton — which makes illegal disposal highly profitable .
According to the Italian environmental organization Legambiente , some waste shippers that have operational bases in southern Italy have been using the Mediterranean as a dump .
While acknowledging that “ no wreck has yet been found that contains toxic or radioactive waste , ” physicist Massimo Scalia of the University of Rome , La Sapienza , who has chaired two parliamentary commissions on illegal waste disposal , argues that other vidence makes their existence “ beyond reasonable doubt . ”
Scalia contends that 39 ships were wrecked under questionable circumstances between 1979 and 1995 alone ; in every case , he adds , the crew abandoned the ship long before it sank .
An average of two ships per year suspiciously disappeared in the Mediterranean during the 1980s and early 1990s , according to Legambiente — and the number has increased to nine wrecks per year since 1995 .
Paolo Gerbaudo of the Italian daily il Manifesto , who is assisting investigations , has identified 74 suspect wrecks of which he regards 20 as being extremely suspicious .
( The record extends until 2001 . )
One notable example of a dubious wrecking is the Rosso , which washed up in December 1990 near the town of Amantea , after what investigators believe was a botched attempt to scuttle it . *
The cargo was offloaded and allegedly buried on land .
In October 2009 an environmental ministry report noted that district authorities detected dangerous substances in a nearby river valley , including a buried concrete block containing mercury , cobalt , selenium and thallium at very high concentrations — and displaying substantial radioactivity indicative of synthetic radionuclides .
Authorities also found marble granules mixed in with thousands of cubic meters of earth , which was contaminated with heavy metals and cesium 137 , typically a waste product of nuclear reactors .
The assemblage suggests that the Rosso ’s cargo included radioactive waste , sealed in concrete and shielded from detection by marble dust ( which absorbs radioactivity ) . *
Significantly , the increase in the frequency of wrecking correlates with the progressive tightening of international dumping regulations .
The first suspect sinking , in 1979 , occurred the year after the Barcelona Convention , which restricts the disposal of pollutants in the Mediterranean Sea , came into force .
Over the following decades other treaties expanded the regulations , culminating in a 1993 amendment to the London Dumping Convention that halted the ocean disposal of all radioactive waste and in a 1995 amendment to the Basel Convention that banned the deposition of the industrial world ’s lethal excreta in developing countries .
The laws ruined the ambitious plans of one firm , Oceanic Disposal Management , incorporated in the British Virgin Islands , to drop tens of thousands of cubic meters of radioactive waste into the seabed off the African coast .
Andreas Bernstorff , who formerly headed a Greenpeace campaign against the trade in toxic waste , reports that the number of schemes to ship such garbage to Africa fell steeply at this time , to at most one attempt per year .
The drop coincides with a sudden and ominous rise in the frequency with which ships in the Mediterranean perished .
Despite profound concern in southern Italy , efforts to find the wrecks and identify their cargo have been slow .
The endeavor is expensive , Scalia notes , and requires “ serious engagement by magistrates and politicians ” — which , but for “ a few honorable exceptions , ” has been lacking .
Fear of violence may also have hindered investigation .
In 1994 Italian television journalist Ilaria Alpi and cameraman Miran Hrovatin were shot dead near Mogadishu , after they picked up the hazardous waste trail in Somalia , where political upheaval has kept the country from enforcing controls .
That African nation possibly holds clues to the kinds of health hazards Italians might face .
“ My committee heard from Somalians who said many people in that area had symptoms of poisoning and some died , ” Scalia attests , referring to a stretch of highway along which Alpi and Hrovatin may have witnessed the offloading of toxic substances .
The tsunami of December 2004 dredged up giant metal containers from the seabed and placed them on Somali beaches — proving that the country ’s coastal waters had also received questionable trash .
A United Nations report blamed fumes from these unidentified objects for internal hemorrhages and deaths of local people .
In April 2007 Calabrian authorities had temporarily halted fishing in waters off Cetraro ( where the Cunski lies , according to a turncoat from the ’ Ndrangheta mafia ) because of dangerous levels of heavy metals in marine sediment .
In the region around Amantea , mortality from cancer between 1992 and 2001 exceeded that in neighboring areas , a study found ; just as worrisome , hospitalizations for certain malignancies have risen in recent years .
“ Almost all the coastal regions of our country may be compromised , ” warned 28 Italian legislators from opposition parties on October 1 , in a parliamentary motion demanding that the sunken ships be located and their contents secured .
Until investigators can salvage the truth about the shipwrecks , suspicion and anxiety will plague the Mediterranean shores .
* Erratum : ( 1/22/10 ) :
These sentences were changed after publication .
They originally misidentified the Rosso as the Jolly Rosso .
[ Note : This story was originally printed with the title " Poisoned Shipments " . ]
Google Analytics goes async
Today ’s announcement that Google Analytics Launches Asynchronous Tracking is music to my ears .
Not only does it make web sites faster , switching over to this async pattern improves uptime and increases the amount of analytics data gathered .
I ’ll touch on each of these three benefits , and wrap - up with an overview of the new code snippet .
Faster
The pain of loading JavaScript files is that they block the page from rendering and block other resources from downloading .
There are workarounds to these problems .
Chapter 4 of Even Faster Web Sites describes six techniques for Loading Scripts Without Blocking .
One of those , the Script DOM Element approach , is the technique used in the new Google Analytics async pattern .
Google Analytics ’ ga.js file is a perfect example of a script that should be loaded asynchronously – it does n’t add any content to the page , so we want to load it without blocking the images and stylesheets that give users what they really came to see .
Improved Uptime
What happens if a script takes a long time to load , or fails to load ?
Because scripts block rendering , users are left staring at an empty page .
Google Analytics has an amazing infrastructure behind it , but any resource , especially from third parties , should be added cautiously .
It ’s great that the GA team is evangelizing a pattern that allows the web site to render while ga.js is being downloaded .
More Data
One workaround to the blocking problem is to move scripts to the bottom of the page .
In fact , this is exactly what ’s suggested in the old ga.js snippet .
But this means users who leave a page quickly wo n’t generate any analytics data ( they leave before the script at the bottom finishes loading ) .
Moving to the async pattern and loading it at the bottom of the page ’s head , as suggested , means more of these quick page views get measured .
This is too good to believe – not only do you get a faster , more resilient page , but you actually get better insights into your traffic .
The Async Snippet
Just to be clear , ga.js will continue to work even if web site owners do n’t make any changes .
But , if you want a faster site , greater uptime , and more data , here ’s what the new async snippet looks like :
var _gaq = _gaq || [ ] ; _gaq.push (['_setAccount ' , ' UA - XXXXX - X ' ] ) ; _gaq.push ( [' _trackPageview ' ] ) ; ( function ( ) { var ga = document.createElement (' script ' ) ; ga.src = ( ' https : ' == document.location.protocol ?
' https://ssl' : ' http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js ' ; ga.setAttribute(' async' , ' true ' ) ; document.documentElement.firstChild.appendChild(ga ) ; } ) ( ) ;
It ’s extremely cool to see this pattern being evangelized for such a major piece of the Internet .
A few items of note :
Obviously , you have to replace “ UA - XXXXX - X ” with your ID .
Since ga.js is being loaded asynchronously , there has to be a way for web site owners to couple their desired GA functions with the code when it finishes loading .
This is done by pushing commands onto the Google Analytics queue object , _gaq .
Once all your callback commands are queued up , the ga.js script gets loaded .
This is wrapped inside an anonymous function to avoid any namespace conflicts .
Inside the anonymous function is where we see the Script DOM Element approach being used – with two nice improvements .
A ‘ script ’ element is created and its SRC is set to the appropriate ga.js URL .
Looking ahead to support of asynchronous scripts in HTML5 , the ‘ async ’ attribute is set to ‘ true ’ .
Very nice !
The main benefit of this is it tells the browser that subsequent scripts can be executed immediately – they do n’t have to wait for ga.js .
The last line adds the script element to the DOM .
This is what triggers the actual download of ga.js .
In most of my code I do document.getElementsByTagName( “ head ” ) [ 0 ] . appendChild , but that fails if the document does n’t have a head element .
This is a more robust implementation .
It ’s always hard to find the right spot on the complexibility curve .
This async snippet hits it just right .
It ’s slightly more complex than the old pattern , but not by much .
Besides the benefits highlighted here , this new pattern is able to support more advanced usage patterns , including pushing an array of commands and pushing functions .
The theme driving much of my work this year is fast by default .
I want high performance to be baked into the major components of the Web , so things are just fast .
Seeing Google Analytics adopt this high performance async pattern is a huge win .
But the proof is in the pudding .
If you switch over to the new async pattern , measure how it affects your page load times and the amount of data gathered , and add a comment below .
My prediction : 200 ms faster and 10 % more data .
What do you see ?
UFC announces Mir vs. Carwin will be for interim title
News not a good sign champion Brock Lesnar is coming back any time soon
Mark Weber / The Memphis Commercial Appeal
The UFC officially announced Monday that Las Vegas fighter Frank Mir ( 13 - 4 ) will take on the undefeated Shane Carwin ( 11 - 0 ) for the UFC heavyweight interim title at UFC 111 on March 27 .
The announcement means that the UFC 111 event , which will be held in Newark , N.J. , will feature two championship fights , as welterweight champion Georges St. Pierre will attempt to defend his title against Dan Hardy .
" UFC 111 will see our first two title fights of 2010 and they 're both incredible matchups , " said UFC president Dana White in a released statement .
The fact that Mir and Carwin will be fighting for the interim championship is a bad sign for fans hoping that current champion Brock Lesnar is on the mend from an illness that has kept him out of action since July .
White had said earlier that the decision to create an interim belt would come only when there was more development on the timetable of the champ 's return .
Lesnar first revealed that he was n't feeling right in October when he announced he had decided to pull out of a title defense against Carwin that was scheduled for November .
White later told reporters that Lesnar had undergone minor surgery because of a bacterial infection that had attacked his small intestine .
At the UFC 108 post - fight press conference Saturday , White gave another update on Lesnar , saying the fighter was meeting with doctors soon and still hopeful his career was n't over .
" If the doctors say things are going well and things are going in the right direction , then maybe we 're a few months away from him coming back , " White said .
" If it 's not going the right direction , he 'll either be done and have to retire or he 'll be out for a couple years .
So , hopefully we get good news . "
White added that he was more concerned about his fighter 's general health than his ability to compete again .
" The thing that I 'm concerned about most is Brock Lesnar , " White said .
" If he has to have this major surgery , you 're talking about changing the quality of this guy 's life forever .
" Pay - per - view buys ?
I could give a ( expletive ) about that .
I hope the guy is healthy . "
Mir , who already has held the UFC heavyweight championship and interim championship , would become just the second fighter in UFC history to win the belt three times .
Only Randy Couture has done that before .
Unlike in his last fight against Cheick Kongo in December , Mir was very respectful of his next opponent in a statement released by the UFC on Monday .
" Shane Carwin is an extremely dangerous opponent and being matched up against him is an honor , " Mir said .
" It 'll be a great challenge to face him .
I will need a strong game plan heading into this fight . "
Brett Okamoto can be reached at 948-7817 or [ email protected ] .
Also follow him on twitter : LVSunFighting .
Demon ’s Souls was released earlier this year in October with favorable reviews from critics .
The game soon acquired a reputation for its difficulty and unforgiving gameplay .
During the week before Halloween , Atlus changed the world tendency of every world in the game to pure black .
This made the game even more difficult and unlocked a few special sidequests and enemies .
Now , Atlus has planned to give gamers a friendlier experience for Christmas .
Atlus has shifted the world tendency for every world to pure white .
Anyone who starts the game will be greeted with this message :
“ The power of the Old One if faltering , and will likely be diminished in the days following the winter solstice .
Expect to find reduced difficulty and unique tendency - based NPC ’s and locations during this special time .
Note :
You may have to log in a couple of times before your game ’s world tendency begins to shift to pure white . ”
The event will last until noon on Dec 28th PST .
So , make sure you find time during the holidays to jump into Boletaria and get some of those pure white tendency weapons or beat some of the harder levels .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
The Giant Jewel of West Africa is threatened by loss of forest
The UN has launched the International Year of Biodiversity , warning that the ongoing loss of species around the world is affecting human well - being .
Eight years ago , governments pledged to reduce the rate of biodiversity loss by 2010 , but the pledge will not be met .
The expansion of human cities , farming and infrastructure is the main reason .
Speaking at the launch in Berlin , German premier Angela Merkel urged the establishment of a new panel to collate scientific findings on the issue .
Achim Steiner , executive director of the UN Environment Programme ( UNEP ) , urged governments and their leaders to renew their commitment to curbing biodiversity loss even though the 2010 goal will be missed .
The big opportunity during the International Year of Biodiversity is for governments to do for biodiversity what they failed to do for climate change in Copenhagen
Simon Stuart
Conservation International / IUCN
World ' to fail ' on nature target " The urgency of the situation demands that as a global community we not only reverse the rate of loss , but that we stop the loss altogether and begin restoring the ecological infrastructure that has been damaged and degraded over the previous century or so , " he said .
The UN says that as natural systems such as forests and wetlands disappear , humanity loses the services they currently provide for free .
These include purification of air and water , protection from extreme weather events , and the provision of materials for shelter and fire .
With species extinctions running at about 1,000 times the " natural " or " background " rate , some biologists contend that we are in the middle of the Earth 's sixth great extinction - the previous five stemming from natural events such as asteroid impacts .
Cash log The UN Convention on Biological Diversity ( CBD ) was agreed at the Rio Earth Summit of 1992 , alongside the climate change convention .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
But it acquired its key global pledge during the Johannesburg summit of 2002 , when governments agreed to achieve a " significant reduction " in the rate of biological diversity loss by 2010 .
Conservation organisations acknowledge that despite some regional successes , the target is not going to be met ; some analyses suggest that nature loss is accelerating rather than decelerating .
" We are facing an extinction crisis , " said Jane Smart , director of the biodiversity conservation group with the International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .
" The loss of this beautiful and complex natural diversity that underpins all life on the planet is a serious threat to humankind now and in the future . "
Mrs Merkel backed the idea of forming a scientific panel to collate and assess research on biodiversity loss , as the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) assesses evidence on climatic indicators .
" The question of preserving biological diversity is on the same scale as climate protection , " she said .
" It would be sensible to have an interface between the politics and the science to integrate knowledge . "
Nature loss ' dwarfs bank crisis '
A large on - going UN - sponsored study into the economics of biodiversity suggests that deforestation alone costs the global economy $ 2 - 5 trillion each year .
The UN hopes some kind of legally - binding treaty to curb biodiversity loss can be agreed at the CBD summit , held in Japan in October .
One element is due to be a long - awaited protocol under which the genetic resources of financially - poor but biodiversity - rich nations can be exploited in a way that brings benefits to all .
However , given the lack of appetite for legally - binding environmental agreements that key countries displayed at last month 's climate summit in Copenhagen , it is unclear just what kind of deal might materialise on biodiversity .
Political football
The UN has been pursuing new ways of raising public awareness on the issue , including a collaboration with the Cameroon football team taking part in the African Nations Cup finals .
Many environment organisations will be running special programmes and mounting events during the year .
" The big opportunity during the International Year of Biodiversity is for governments to do for biodiversity what they failed to do for climate change in Copenhagen , " said Simon Stuart , a senior science advisor to Conservation International and chair of IUCN 's Species Survival Commission .
" They have the chance to make a major difference ; and key to this will be halting species extinctions , the most irreversible aspect of biodiversity loss . "
WWF is highlighting 10 species it considers especially threatened , ranging from commercially significant ones such as bluefin tuna to the Pacific walrus and the monarch butterfly .
In the UK , the national IYB partnership - hosted from the Natural History Museum ( NHM ) - is asking every citizen to " do one thing for biodiversity " in 2010 .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sesamouse More magic for your mouse .
Download v1.2 Requires Mac OS X 10.5 * or 10.6
Like it ?
Donate !
Sesamouse is a free utility .
If you like it , please consider a donation to support our efforts Sesamouse is a free utility .
If you like it , please consider donating directly to help small businesses in Haiti rebuild .
The Magic Mouse hardware is full of potential — so much more than scrolling and swiping .
Sesamouse interprets more motions , letting you zoom and rotate in gesture - capable apps like iPhoto and Preview .
It even sends information about each finger on the mouse 's surface to software that supports advanced multitouch .
Just open Sesamouse to open sesame !
View usage instructions
Real gestures and touches , not keyboard shortcuts
Pinch magnification
Rotation
Added up / down swipes can trigger Exposé , Spaces or Dashboard hotkeys ( new in 1.2 )
Sends your touches for other apps to use ( 10.6 only )
View gestures while you practice in Sesamouse ( * no finger touches shown on 10.5 ) Features : NOTE : Sesamouse uses some undocumented system features as it works its magic .
It may stop working with future releases of Mac OS X .
If you experience any undesirable side effects and wish to discontinue use , simply quit Sesamouse .
( And let us know , so we can try to fix it ! )
Copyright © 2008 –2010 Calf Trail Software , LLC .
All rights reserved .
[ Update !
Now available in a print edition , all proceeds to Room to Read .
Thanks Bernie ! ]
Now , more than ever , we need to shake things up .
Now , more than ever , we need a different way of thinking , a useful way to focus and the energy to turn the game around .
I hope a new ebook I 've organized will get you started on that path .
It took months , but I think you 'll find it worth the effort .
( Download here ) .
Here are more than seventy big thinkers , each sharing an idea for you to think about as we head into the new year .
From bestselling author Elizabeth Gilbert to brilliant tech thinker Kevin Kelly , from publisher Tim O'Reilly to radio host Dave Ramsey , there are some important people riffing about important ideas here .
The ebook includes Tom Peters , Fred Wilson , Jackie Huba and Jason Fried , along with Gina Trapani , Bill Taylor and Alan Webber .
Here 's the deal : it 's free .
Download it here .
Or from any of the many sites around the web that are posting it with insightful commentary .
Tweet it , email it , post it on your own site .
I think it might be fun to make up your own riff and post it on your blog or online profile as well .
It 's a good exercise .
Can we get this in the hands of 5 million people ?
You can find an easy to use version on Scribd as well and from wepapers .
Please share .
Have fun .
Here 's to a year with ideas even bigger than these .
Here 's a lens with all the links plus an astonishing array of books by our authors .
NEW BONUS : A different coop ebook , ( click for free download ) this time with contributions from authors that include JC Hutchins , Cory Doctorow , Joseph Finder and Chris Brogan .
Until now historians had dismissed the region as a possible site believing that it had been submerged since the ice age .
But it is claimed new evidence suggests the waters may have receded in time for the Tartessians to build an urban centre , which was later destroyed in a tsunami .
Need a therapy session ?
Your Mac has you covered .
Yes , you read that right .
You can use your Mac as a psychotherapist from the Terminal , thanks to emacs the text editor .
Say what ?
If you ’re confused do n’t be , it ’s an easter egg that has long existed and it ’s easy to access .
How to Access the Secret Therapist in the Mac Terminal with emacs
It ’s pretty amusing , and here ’s how to do it :
Launch the Terminal app Type ’ emacs ’ and hit return Press Shift + Escape keys , then hit X Type “ doctor ” and hit return to start the psychotherapy session
Mac psychotherapist to the rescue !
See the screenshot below to get an idea of what it looks like .
In case you ’re wondering , this is not just a Mac specific feature , it ’s part of emacs , a UNIX text editor , and it works on virtually any version of emacs out there .
( THE HAGUE ) -
Tax fraudsters have targeted the EU 's carbon emissions trading system , pocketing about five billion euros ( 7.4 billion dollars ) , the Europol police agency said Wednesday .
" The European Union Emission Trading System has been the victim of fraudulent traders in the past 18 months , " said the agency in a statement .
" This resulted in losses of approximately five billion euros for several national tax revenues . "
The agency , based in The Hague , added that it estimated " in some countries , up to 90 percent of the whole market volume was caused by fraudulent activities . "
France , the Netherlands , the UK and Spain had all changed their tax rules on the transactions to prevent further losses , the agency said .
" After these measures were taken , the market volume in the aforementioned countries dropped by up to 90 percent , " according to the statement .
According to a Europol official , the alleged fraudulent traders set themselves up in one country and bought carbon polluting allowances from a second country , making the allowances exempt from value - added tax ( VAT ) .
They were then allegedly sold on to firms in the country where the trader was based , but with the VAT added on , the official said .
The traders are accused of pocketing the VAT instead of handing it to tax authorities , the official said .
The Emission Trading System was launched in the EU in 2005 in a bid to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , which many scientists link to global warming .
Under the system , the EU allocates carbon polluting allowances to member states to meet its obligations under the UN's Kyoto Protocol .
The states then assign quotas to those industries that belch most CO2 into the atmosphere .
Companies that emit less than their allowance can sell the difference on the market to companies that exceed their limits , thus providing a financial carrot to everyone to become greener .
It 's been a long wait — in some ways , more than 50 years — but in April 2010 , the U.S. Air Force is scheduled to launch an Atlas V booster from Cape Canaveral , Florida , carrying the newest U.S. spacecraft , the unmanned X - 37 , to orbit .
The X - 37 embodies the Air Force 's desire for an operational spaceplane , a wish that dates to the 1950s , the era of the rocket - powered X - 15 and X - 20 .
In other ways , though , the X - 37 will be picking up where another U.S. spaceplane , NASA 's space shuttle , leaves off .
From This Story [ × ]
CLOSE
The X - 40A test vehicle is shown making one of seven autonomous free flights at NASA ’s Dryden Flight Research Center in 2001 .
Hoisted to 15,000 feet by a CH - 47 Chinook helicopter , the X - 40 points its nose down initially at a 60 - degree angle before it flares near the runway and touches down at about 220 miles an hour .
The X - 40A provided valuable approach and landing data for the 120 - percent scale X - 37A vehicle that would later make its own drop tests at Dryden .
Those tests paved the way for the X - 37B Orbital Test Vehicle , scheduled to launch in early 2010 from Cape Canaveral .
The X - 37B will reach orbit atop an Atlas V booster , reenter the atmosphere autonomously , and land in California .
Video : NASA Dryden Flight Research Center Video : X - 40 Drop Test [ × ]
CLOSE Photo Gallery Related Content Secret Space Shuttles
With a wingspan of 15 feet and a length of 27.5 feet , the X - 37 looks like a tiny space shuttle .
It has a blunt ( though windowless ) nose , and one rocket engine bell instead of the shuttle 's three .
Two cargo doors open just as the shuttle 's do , revealing a four - by seven - foot bay .
Like the shuttle , the X - 37 was designed for low Earth orbits — in the latter 's case , altitudes of 125 to 575 miles .
And the craft will fly like a shuttle , reentering the atmosphere with the orbiter 's 40 - degree nose - high attitude .
After reentry , it will change to a 20 - degree nose - down glide and , flying at up to 220 mph , land at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , with Edwards Air Force Base as an alternate .
But as for the period between launch and landing , no one , save for a select few in the Department of Defense , knows exactly what the little Boeing - built spaceplane will do , or for how long .
The Air Force Rapid Capabilities
Office , which is running the program , says only that the orbital test version , the X - 37B , will take a suite of next - generation technologies to orbit and will break new ground in the realm of launch , recovery , and reuse , all with an unmanned twist that the shuttle never offered .
At a 2008 Space Foundation breakfast in Washington , D.C. , Gary Payton , deputy under secretary of the Air Force for space programs , recalled the X - 37 's origins .
Payton started the program while at NASA .
" Then , the X - 37 was intended to be a testbed for new technologies that could retrofit into the shuttle : predominantly guidance , navigation , and control , and [ thermal protection system ] technologies , " he said .
In that era , planners imagined the shuttle carrying the X - 37 to space in its cargo bay and releasing it .
Now , with the shuttle 's retirement looming , it appears the X - 37 will have an independent , post - shuttle life .
Payton envisioned such a role for the X - 37 , saying : " It would be really advantageous in my mind if we had a system you could launch , recover , change out the payload bay quickly , and put into a different orbit , and do all that measured in weeks instead of decades . "
David Hamilton , director of the Rapid Capabilities Office , says in an e-mail : " Eventually , I see the unique possibility to operate X - 37B more like an aircraft and explore the needs of responsive , reusable spacecraft . "
Unlike a satellite , he points out , the spaceplane returns , enabling " detailed inspection and significantly better learning than can be achieved with [ a satellite 's ] remote telemetry alone .
Experiments can be modified and reflown , with the objective of shortening the technology maturation timeline . "
" The space shuttle was designed to be a very heavy payload lifter , and it has performed that job extremely well , " says Mark Lewis , a University of Maryland hypersonics expert who recently completed a four - year appointment as chief scientist for the Air Force .
" But you do n't need to send a Mack truck into space when a Toyota Celica will do . "
The question is : Will do what ?
Lewis , whose enthusiastic speech barely keeps pace with his mind , is happy to talk about the skin - deep similarities between the shuttle and the X - 37 .
( " A lot of the basic reentry physics is treated the same way , " he says .
" Blunt configurations .
The shuttle has very blunt leading edges . " )
But when he 's asked about anything more than the X - 37's aerodynamics , he clams up .
So does everyone else .
" While some aspects of the …program have been designated as unclassified and been released to the public ; information regarding specific technical and performance capabilities will not be released at this time , " writes David Hamilton .
" Hide it in plain view , " says one observer of the Air Force 's practice of letting out just a little about the X - 37 , enough to make it seem like it will never be more than a research tool .
Hamilton does say that " once declared operational , the X - 37B could have applications to support missions such as space situational awareness ; intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance ; on - orbit servicing and repair ; and satellite deployment and / or retrieval . "
It 's possible the spaceplane could have a role in national security , particularly since China , India , Japan , and even Iran have begun to exploit space .
In December 2007 , photographs of an unmanned , classified Chinese spaceplane , the Shenlong , or " Divine Dragon , " began to appear on Chinese Web sites .
Though hitched to the underside of a bomber , rather than perched atop an expendable booster , the mysterious Shenlong has a blunt nose and single rocket engine bell , making its appearance strikingly similar to the X - 37's .
You have already voted for this video .
Error ( no video , no sound )
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Report this video as :
Cute , funny little dude .
Running , running , running - funny stuff , funnier with Yakety Sax in the background .
Cute , funny little dude .
Running , running , running - funny stuff , funnier with Yakety Sax in the background .
New South Wales Nationals leader Andrew Stoner wants the State Government to scrap a drug information pamphlet , arguing that it promotes drug use .
The pocket - sized pamphlet is meant for people between 18 and 29 , but some copies are available to school - aged children in libraries and on the internet .
The pamphlet advises people not to take drugs alone and to be informed of the effects of drugs .
Mr Stoner says it sends a message that there is a safe way to use drugs .
" That is a completely irresponsible message , " he said .
" We ought to be putting our resources into ensuring that kids stay off drugs , and for those who have become addicted , into helping them get off drugs .
" That 's the way to minimise crime problems .
That 's the way to minimise the health problems . "
Was wäre ein abgelaufenes Jahr ohne Blick zurück ?
Eben .
Deshalb hier meine völlig subjektive Liste der schönsten Schriften des Jahres 2009 .
Die
Wahl fiel mir dabei allerdings alles andere als leicht , war es doch ein sehr ergiebiges Jahr mit sehr vielen wunderbaren Schriften !
Einige Perlen ( Milo Serif , Ingeborg etc. ) hatte ich schon an anderen Stellen angepriesen , andere fielen meinem Drang nach einer bunten Mischung zum Opfer – Geblieben ist eine Liste von zwölf Schriften ohne besondere Reihenfolge .
Ivo Gabrowitsch und ich haben uns gegenseitig etwas angestachelt und veröffentlichen unsere Bestenlisten heute gleichzeitig ( Bei ersten Spionageblicken habe ich erstaunlich wenig Überschneidungen finden können ! ) , also auch unbedingt einen Blick auf seine Auswahl bei fontwerk.com werfen !
Nun aber viel Spaß mit der einzig wahren Bestenliste !
Wie gewohnt können die Details über das kleine Lupensymbol links oben in den Schriftmustern haarklein inspiziert werden .
Pinup · Pieter van Rosmalen ( Bold Monday )
Zusammen mit Paul van der Laan startete Pieter van Rosmalen 2009 das neue Label Bold Monday mit einem bereits beachtlichen Sortiment .
Neben der charakteristischen Leitsystems - Type Panno Sign und der warmherzigen Monospaced Nitti bereichtert er das Schriftenangebot mit der üppigen , kurvigen Serifenlosen Pinup , die das Typografenherz schneller schlagen läßt .
Yoga & Yoga Sans · Xavier Dupré ( FontFont )
Ein besonderes Weihnachtsgeschenk kommt von Xavier Dupré in Form einer aufregenden neuen Schriftsippe .
Yoga ( Serif ) verbindet ein solides französisches Renaissance - Fundament für lange Texte mit charakteristischen Details , die sie auch in Überschriften unverwechselbar machen .
Yoga Sans ist Duprés Hommage an Gill Sans ; er weckt sie aus ihrem Dornröschenschlaf , gibt ihr Wärme und verpackt sie in vier OpenType - Fonts voll mit Ziffernvarianten , Kapitälchen , Ligaturen und einem großen Fremdsprachenausbau .
Dabei sind sowohl Serifenvariante als auch Sans eigenständig genug , um auch ohne ihren Konterpart bestehen zu können .
Libelle · Jovica Veljović ( Linotype )
Wer ( wie ich ) die englische Roundhand eines George Bickham liebt und gerne den vorzüglichen Universal Penman studiert , kann nicht genug kriegen von Fonts wie diesem .
Jovica Veljovićs Libelle verbindet Tradition mit moderner Technik meisterlich ;
Mit diversen über OpenType -Features erreichbaren Ligaturen und Alternativformen lädt sie ein , so lange zu spielen und kombinieren , bis ein lebendiges Wortbild entsteht .
Theinhardt · François Rappo ( Optimo )
Wer Akzidenz - Grotesk mag , wird Theinhardt lieben !
François Rappo studierte die kantigen Groteskschriften des frühen 20 .
Jahrhunderts , um mit seiner gut ausgebauten Familie dem Schriftgestalter und ( eben nicht ! )
AG - Wegbereiter Ferdinand Theinhardt zu huldigen .
Der Geist dieser Epoche bleibt erhalten , wird jedoch zeitgemäß in einer OpenType - Familie mit neun Strichstärken konserviert .
Nara · Andrej Krátky mit Nikola Djurek & Peter Biľak ( Typotheque )
Man sollte nicht versuchen , Nara zu klassifizieren , denn trotz diverser Einflüsse will sie so gar nicht in irgend eine Schublade passen .
Als beste Schrift 2009 ist sie schon ein Senior , denn Andrej Krátky ( zuletzt zusammen mit Nikola Djurek & Peter Biľak ) brauchte 20 (! )
Jahre , um seine Vorstellungen in fertige Fonts zu gießen .
Nara besticht durch vier charakterstarke Strichstärken mit jewiels zwei Kursiven ; einer aufrechten ( » Cursive « ) und einer schräggestellten ( » Italic « ) , die beide separat funktionieren , aber auch zur Auszeichnung im ausgezeichneten Satz einladen .
Burgundica · Gerrit Noordzij ( The Enschedé Font Foundry )
Lange mußten wir warten , ehe Gerrit Noordzij seine burgundische Bastarda der Öffentlichkeit zugänglich machte .
Im essentiellen Letterletter bereits beeindruckend hergeleitet , seit kurzem nun endlich bei The Enschedé Font Foundry erhältlich .
Lavigne Display · Ramiro Espinoza ( Re- Type )
KABK - Absolvent Ramiro Espinoza bringt
Wärme in den vertikalen Duktus .
Seine Lavigne zeigt , daß nicht jede Spitzfederschrift dieselbe unterkühlte Eleganz einer Bodoni oder Didot haben muß und doch sehr schick wirken kann .
Mit vier Ziffernsätzen , Ligaturen und Kapitälchen ist sie gut ausgerüstet , um in Magazinen bleibenden Eindruck zu hinterlassen .
Vielzweck · Verena Gerlach ( Primetype ) / seit 2017 als FF Sizmo ( FontFont )
Verena Gerlach hat 2009 vollendet , was bereits 2002 begann .
Damals bildete sie die Beschilderung eines alten DDR - Bürogebäudes als Tephe nach .
Jetzt war ein Architekturbuch der Anlaß , die damalige Inspirationsquelle nochmal intensiver auszuarbeiten .
Das Ergebnis ist eine Satzschrift , die die Kühle einer DIN - Schrift mit der gewissen Prise Persönlichkeit würzt .
Und im Stylistic
Set 1 haben sogar die mit dem Basisbuchstaben verbundenen Akzente noch überlebt .
Bonesana · Matthieu Cortat ( Gestalten )
Mit Bonesana hat die bisher eher für ihre modernen , konstruierten Fonts bekannte Font - Sparte des Gestalten - Verlags erstmals eine seriöse Textschrift ins Programm aufgenommen .
Matthieu Cortat hat auf beeindruckende Weise Nägel mit Köpfen gemacht ; Inspiriert von den Schriften Baskervilles und Fourniers zeichnete er zwar mit zwei Schnitten ( plus Inline - Variante ) » nur « die Grundausstattung für den Buchsatz , in diesen zwei Fonts steckt jedoch neben typografischen Finessen wie Ziffernvarianten , Kapitälchen und Ligaturen auch ein großer Fremdsprachenausbau , der neben den lateinischen Zeichen auch Griechisch und Kyrillisch umfaßt .
Cowboyslang · Hannes von Döhren ( HvD Fonts )
Viel mehr als Hannes von Döhren kann man als Typedesigner in einem Jahr eigentlich nicht auf die Beine stellen .
So steht die sympathische und gut ausgebaute Westernschrift Cowboyslang auch quasi stellvertretend für seinen gesamten Output an vorzüglichen Display - und Textschriften , die auf seiner Website zu bewundern sind .
Malabar · Dan Reynolds ( Linotype )
Eine Schrift , die den Designpreis der Bundesrepublik Deutschland gewinnt , und das sogar in Gold ?
Das gibt es tatsächlich – Die Schrift wurde von Dan Reynolds im Rahmen seines Masterstudiums an der renommierten University of Reading als » Martel « entworfen , später als » Malabar « verfeinert und hat den Preis völlig zu recht gewonnen ( und somit das Phänomen » Schriftart « bravourös ins Rampenlicht gerückt ) .
Sie vereint Robustheit mit in der Renaissance wurzelnder Eleganz und kann durch große x - Höhe ihren Charakter auch in widrigsten Bedingungen zur Entfaltung bringen .
FF Duper · Martin Wenzel ( FontFont )
Überall dort , wo die bestehenden seriösen Textschriften nicht verspielt genug waren und die bestehenden verspielten nicht serös genug , wurde es kniffelig .
Der Laie griff auf die indiskutable Comic Sans zurück , während der professionelle Typograf eine Notlösung suchte .
Martin Wenzel schafft nun endlich Abhilfe und präsentiert uns per Video seine intelligente Duper , die unnatürliche Buchstabendoubletten automatisch verhindert ( siehe z.B. die doppelten - aber - nicht - identischen Buchstaben in » Pippi« ) .
Mehr Listen
Da meine Liste keinen Anspruch auf Vollständigkeit haben kann , hier nochmal die anderen Best - of - Listen :
Vielen Dank
… allen Designern und Foundrys für das freundliche Zurverfügungstellen der Fonts !
In the upcoming release of Making History II : The War of the World , Muzzy Lane Software is charting a new course for the company by bringing its 3D strategy games into the web browser , and surrounding them with features that make for a more engaging multiplayer experience .
MHII is being built on Sandstone , Muzzy Lane 's new platform for the creation of fully web - integrated , 3D browser - based games with social networking features .
The same tech will also power Muzzy Lane 's serious games projects , including the Clearlab Project , an initiative to develop games for middle - school science learning .
In building MHII , Muzzy Lane encountered a variety of engineering challenges .
How best to render true 3D games in a web browser ?
How to approach backend services ?
How to handle content distribution ?
This article will explore and discuss the challenges Muzzy Lane faced in implementing them .
It will illuminate several of the key design decisions that constitute the Sandstone backbone , and which enable Making History and other Muzzy Lane games to provide dynamic player experiences .
Rendering 3D Games in a Browser
One of the first engineering challenges was determining the best way to run our 3D games in the browser .
Truthfully , even though we were firmly committed to building web - based games , it did take some time to fully commit to the idea of games in the browser .
Originally , we had planned to build games that would just launch from a browser , and then run separately .
In part , this was because it was easier to implement , and in part because that 's just how 3D games have always been done -- full screen , as a separate application .
Flash games are played in the browser , sure , but true hardcore 3D games ?
However , the more we looked at web content like YouTube videos , podcasts , and e-book readers , the less sense that approach made .
3D games playable in the browser , with an option to go full - screen , just made sense .
Making History II : The War of the World , a browser - based , fully web - integrated WWII Strategy Game , built on Muzzy Lane Software 's Sandstone platform .
As it turned out , it was not all that difficult to render hardware accelerated 3D graphics in a browser window .
To do so , the basic challenge ( in Windows ) that needs to be overcome is getting a handle to a window .
( This is similar in Mac OS X or in Linux . )
Most 3D - in - the - browser solutions currently solve this issue by writing a browser plug - in .
However , there are two drawbacks to this .
First , many people distrust custom browser plug-ins ( Flash and Java plug - ins being the exception . )
Second , each browser plug - in is very browser specific .
Even the Mozilla plug - in architecture , that many browsers support , still often needs to be slightly tweaked for each individual browser .
This eventually becomes a maintenance nightmare .
Our solution has been to instead create a Java extension .
In general , Java applets are run in a very secure sandbox that allows little access to the client machine .
This often does not allow running native code , which is necessary for hardware acceleration .
The way around this is to create a Java extension which is installed on the client machine .
The classes in the Java extension are assumed to be trusted because the end user installed them .
These classes can then load and run native code without issue .
Once the Sandstone Player is installed , including the Java extension , an applet class from this extension is placed on a page .
This applet can download whatever content it needs and save it to disk .
Once this content is downloaded , a call is made to C++ from Java which loads C++ code that was just downloaded , essentially loading the game engine .
The engine is told which downloaded package to run , whether to connect to a server , etc .
Most importantly , it is given a handle to the parent window which was created by the applet in Java and accessed from C ++.
This gives the engine a place to render , which is actually on the web page in the browser .
This solution , using Java as a shim between the browser and C++ , has its own drawbacks .
It is dependent on Java being installed on the client machine .
While this is usually the case , when it is not , the end user has to install not just the Sandstone Player , but also the Java plug -in .
The Java extension mechanism ostensibly supports installing the extension on the fly if it does not exist , allowing it to be installed without restarting the browser .
This always seemed like a great feature , allowing someone to go to a web page , and assuming they already have Java installed , be able to install the Sandstone Player , download the game , and play the game , all without having to restart the browser .
This was one of the main reasons we chose this path in the first place .
In practice , it does n't always work that way .
The extension mechanism gives little or no feedback to the user about what it is doing when downloading an extension .
To just get a progress bar on the screen quickly , you have to use a very small installer that then downloads the rest of what is being installed .
In addition , the Java plug - in has trouble in some environments running extension installers as administrator , even when all the hoops of UAC are jumped through properly .
The result is that for the time being , the Sandstone Player is a manual installer that requires the browser to be restarted as part of installation .
On the plus side , though , the Java plug - in is dealing with all of the browser specific issues for us , so we end up only having to build and maintain something on a per-platform basis rather than on a per - browser basis .
As a result , we 've had the player running in many different browsers on Windows .
IE and Firefox , even Chrome and Opera , have all worked without any special code or extra support .
The Sandstone platform supports true hardcore 3D games , like Making History II in the browser .
Earlier this year , Archinect brought you the Michael Jackson Memorial Competition .
Now let 's turn our focus towards current events and delve into the strange intersection of religious rights , freedom of expression , and architecture .
This is an open call for ideas to help Switzerland navigate its recent difficulties with minarets .
We look forward to your proposals .
After December 18th , a representative selection of the proposals will be featured here .
On Sunday , November 29th , 2009 , the citizens of Switzerland overwhelmingly passed a referendum banning the construction of new minarets in their country .
With this move , the ban will be added to the Swiss Federal Constitution – a new and dubious level of status for an architectural element to reach .
Optimistically , let ’s put aside questions of religious persecution and think about this as a design problem : what are the tensions within the built environment that made this ban possible ?
When the law is a flaw , what does design offer ?
This is a tale of equality in confrontation with equanimity .
On the one hand , the right to religious freedom should include reasonable material expression : every church with its cross , every mosque with its minaret [ 1 ] .
On the other hand , the atmosphere and image of Switzerland ’s picturesque Cantons are so finely crafted and manicured that formal deviation disturbs the calm .
To address this impasse between the rightful expression of the Muslim religion and the value of Switzerland ’s overwhelmingly scenic environment , we challenge you to design a solution that allows the best of both worlds .
Can you design a minaret as event rather than object ?
Your task is to design a deployable minaret that can attain full presence , visible from a distance , during each of the five daily calls to prayer .
You may use any technology you like , choose any site in Switzerland , and your minaret may reach any height so long as it ’s at least twice as high as the building it sprouts from .
After the lengthy discussion below we 're scratching this part out in an effort to broaden the variety of proposals .
Format
Entries must be submitted as a single image that depicts both the deployed and hidden states .
Submission
Entries must be added to the Switzerland , We Have A Problem group pool on Flickr .
1 . Get yourself a Flickr account .
2. Upload your image to your own Flickr account
3. Navigate to this page to add your image to the pool .
Deadline
All entries must be submitted no later than December 18 at 11:59 PM Pacific Standard Time .
[ 1 ] OK , so not every mosque has a minaret ( actually there are only four in Switzerland ) , but every mosque should have the option to have one .
Viele Bürger sind gezwungen , kurzfristig den Wohnsitz zu ändern .
Dies hat vor allem berufliche Gründe , aber familiär bedingt können überraschende Veränderungen anstehen , die einfach nicht vorhersehbar sind .
Trotzdem sollte man einvernehmlich mit dem Vermieter eine Lösung suchen , um die Wohnung bzw .
den Mietvertrag für beide Parteien so positiv wie möglich zu beenden .
Als Betroffener sollten
Sie sich zunächst den abgeschlossenen Mietvertrag im Hinblick auf die Kündigungsmöglichkeiten genauer ansehen und die unter normalen Umständen wirksame Kündigungsfrist durchrechnen .
Diese beläuft sich in der Regel auf eine Dreimonatsfrist .
Hat jedoch Ihr Vermieter eine längere Kündigungsfrist ausgehandelt , so gilt natürlich diese , was relativ selten der Fall ist .
Versäumen
Sie auch bei noch so großer Hektik und Umziehgedanken eine schriftliche Kündigung nicht .
Wenn bei Ihnen mehrere Mieter im Vertrag stehen , müssen Sie diese unterzeichnen lassen – auch wenn diese bereits ausgezogen sind .
Egal , was für ein gutes Verhältnis Sie zu Ihrem Vermieter hatten , es empfiehlt sich stets , das Kündigungsschreiben nur gegen Bestätigung und in Anwesenheit eines Zeugen auszuhändigen .
Versuchen Sie auch eine Lösung zu finden , wie die vertraglich festgehaltenen Renovierungspunkte gelöst werden könnten .
Sie sollten ferner wissen , dass sich Ihr Vermieter mit der Rückzahlung der Kaution meist bis zu einem halben Jahr Zeit lassen kann .
Sie sind jedoch als Mieter nicht berechtigt , einfach die letzten Mietzahlungen einzubehalten um an Ihre Kaution zu gelangen .
In diesem Fall würden Sie eine Klage riskieren , deren Kosten Sie als Mieter zu tragen haben .
Nach all den geschilderten Situationen ist eine einvernehmliche Regelung zwischen Mieter und Vermieter auch bei überraschendem Auszug die beste Lösung und sollte vernünftigerweise angestrebt werden .
Bild © Andre Bonn – Fotolia.com
Despite all the Walkmen , boomboxes , 8 - tracks , iPods and Bluetooth headsets that have delivered raucous noise to the ears of Baby Boomers , hearing loss appears to be declining among adults .
This counterintuitive finding from the first study of long - term changes in hearing loss is that for every five years a man or woman was born later in the 20th century , their chance of having hearing impairment dropped 13 percent and 6 percent , respectively .
A key suggestion of the report is that other , positive changes in the last 50 years — reduced noise levels at work and better overall health — are more important than the rise of headphones and other entertainingly noisy new products .
" Because many people think that the world is getting noisier and noisier , they think that the prevalence of hearing impairment might increase , " said Weihai Zhan , a population health scientist at the University of Wisconsin , Madison .
" But the prevalence of hearing impairment is decreasing across the generation . "
The new work draws on a long - term study of health outcomes for the people of Beaver Dam , Wisconsin , a small town in between Milwaukee and Madison .
More than 2,000 people underwent three health screenings at five - year intervals .
The study also underscores that hearing loss clearly is not wholly determined by genetic factors or simple aging , but rather stems from several " environmental , lifestyle or other modifiable factors , " the authors wrote in their new paper in the American Journal of Epidemiology January issue .
Image : ElDave / Flickr
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
The Comcast Labs blog is a place where Comcast technologists talk about the work they are doing , the products , infrastructure , and services they are building , and the trends and developments that are changing how we experience entertainment .
We often get requests to provide an easy - to - understand explanation for why increasing CO 2 is a significant problem without relying on climate models and we are generally happy to oblige .
The explanation has a number of separate steps which tend to sometimes get confused and so we will try to break it down carefully .
Step 1 : There is a natural greenhouse effect .
The fact that there is a natural greenhouse effect ( that the atmosphere restricts the passage of long wave ( LW ) radiation from the Earth ’s surface to space ) is easily deducible from i ) the mean temperature of the surface ( around 15 º C ) and ii ) knowing that the planet is roughly in radiative equilibrium .
This means that there is an upward surface flux of LW around ( ~390 W / m2 ) , while the outward flux at the top of the atmosphere ( TOA ) is roughly equivalent to the net solar radiation coming in ( 1 - a ) S/4 ( ~240 W/m2 ) .
Thus there is a large amount of LW absorbed by the atmosphere ( around 150 W / m2 ) – a number that would be zero in the absence of any greenhouse substances .
Step 2 : Trace gases contribute to the natural greenhouse effect .
The fact that different absorbers contribute to the net LW absorption is clear from IR spectra taken from space which show characteristic gaps associated with water vapour , CO 2 , CH 4 , O 3 etc ( Harries et al , 2001 ; HITRAN ) .
The only question is how much energy is blocked by each .
This cannot be calculated by hand ( the number of absorption lines and the effects of pressure broadening etc. preclude that ) , but it can be calculated using line - by - line radiative transfer codes .
The earliest calculations ( reviewed by Ramanathan and Coakley , 1979 ) give very similar results to more modern calculations ( Clough and Iacono , 1995 ) , and demonstrate that removing the effect of CO 2 reduces the net LW absorbed by ~ 14 % , or around 30 W/m 2 .
For some parts of the spectrum , IR can be either absorbed by CO 2 or by water vapour , and so simply removing the CO 2 gives only a minimum effect .
Thus CO 2 on its own would cause an even larger absorption .
In either case however , the trace gases are a significant part of what gets absorbed .
Step 3 : The trace greenhouse gases have increased markedly due to human emissions
CO 2 is up more than 30 % , CH 4 has more than doubled , N 2 O is up 15 % , tropospheric O 3 has also increased .
New compounds such as halocarbons ( CFCs , HFCs ) did not exist in the pre-industrial atmosphere .
All of these increases contribute to an enhanced greenhouse effect .
Step 4 : Radiative forcing is a useful diagnostic and can easily be calculated
Lessons from simple toy models and experience with more sophisticated GCMs suggests that any perturbation to the TOA radiation budget from whatever source is a pretty good predictor of eventual surface temperature change .
Thus if the sun were to become stronger by about 2 % , the TOA radiation balance would change by 0.02*1366*0.7/4 = 4.8 W/m2 ( taking albedo and geometry into account ) and this would be the radiative forcing ( RF ) .
An increase in greenhouse absorbers or a change in the albedo have analogous impacts on the TOA balance .
However , calculation of the radiative forcing is again a job for the line - by - line codes that take into account atmospheric profiles of temperature , water vapour and aerosols .
The most up - to - date calculations for the trace gases are by Myhre et al ( 1998 ) and those are the ones used in IPCC TAR and AR4 .
These calculations can be condensed into simplified fits to the data , such as the oft - used formula for CO2 : RF = 5.35 ln( CO 2 / CO 2 _orig ) ( see Table 6.2 in IPCC TAR for the others ) .
The logarithmic form comes from the fact that some particular lines are already saturated and that the increase in forcing depends on the ‘ wings ’ ( see this post for more details ) .
Forcings for lower concentration gases ( such as CFCs ) are linear in concentration .
The calculations in Myhre et al use representative profiles for different latitudes , but different assumptions about clouds , their properties and the spatial heterogeneity mean that the global mean forcing is uncertain by about 10 % .
Thus the RF for a doubling of CO 2 is likely 3.7±0.4 W/m2 – the same order of magnitude as an increase of solar forcing by 2 % .
There are a couple of small twists on the radiative forcing concept .
One is that CO 2 has an important role in the stratospheric radiation balance .
The stratosphere reacts very quickly to changes in that balance and that changes the TOA forcing by a small but non-negligible amount .
The surface response , which is much slower , therefore reacts more proportionately to the ‘ adjusted ’ forcing and this is generally what is used in lieu of the instantaneous forcing .
The other wrinkle is depending slightly on the spatial distribution of forcing agents , different feedbacks and processes might come into play and thus an equivalent forcing from two different sources might not give the same response .
The factor that quantifies this effect is called the ‘ efficacy ’ of the forcing , which for the most part is reasonably close to one , and so does n’t change the zeroth - order picture ( Hansen et al , 2005 ) .
This means that climate forcings can be simply added to approximate the net effect .
The total forcing from the trace greenhouse gases mentioned in Step 3 , is currently about 2.5 W/m2 , and the net forcing ( including cooling impacts of aerosols and natural changes ) is 1.6±1.0 W/m2 since the pre-industrial .
Most of the uncertainty is related to aerosol effects .
Current growth in forcings is dominated by increasing CO 2 , with potentially a small role for decreases in reflective aerosols ( sulphates , particularly in the US and EU ) and increases in absorbing aerosols ( like soot , particularly from India and China and from biomass burning ) .
Step 5 : Climate sensitivity is around 3 ºC for a doubling of CO 2
The climate sensitivity classically defined is the response of global mean temperature to a forcing once all the ‘ fast feedbacks ’ have occurred ( atmospheric temperatures , clouds , water vapour , winds , snow , sea ice etc. ) , but before any of the ‘ slow ’ feedbacks have kicked in ( ice sheets , vegetation , carbon cycle etc. ) .
Given that it does n’t matter much which forcing is changing , sensitivity can be assessed from any particular period in the past where the changes in forcing are known and the corresponding equilibrium temperature change can be estimated .
As we have discussed previously , the last glacial period is a good example of a large forcing ( ~7 W /m2 from ice sheets , greenhouse gases , dust and vegetation ) giving a large temperature response ( ~5 ºC ) and implying a sensitivity of about 3 ºC ( with substantial error bars ) .
More formally , you can combine this estimate with others taken from the 20th century , the response to volcanoes , the last millennium , remote sensing etc. to get pretty good constraints on what the number should be .
This was done by Annan and Hargreaves ( 2006 ) , and they come up with , you guessed it , 3ºC .
Converting the estimate for doubled CO 2 to a more useful factor gives ~ 0.75 ºC / ( W/m2 ) .
Step 6 : Radiative forcing x climate sensitivity is a significant number
Current forcings ( 1.6 W/m 2 ) x 0.75 ºC / ( W / m2 ) imply 1.2 ºC that would occur at equilibrium .
Because the oceans take time to warm up , we are not yet there ( so far we have experienced 0.7 ºC ) , and so the remaining 0.5 ºC is ‘ in the pipeline ’ .
We can estimate this independently using the changes in ocean heat content over the last decade or so ( roughly equal to the current radiative imbalance ) of ~ 0.7 W/m2 , implying that this ‘ unrealised ’ forcing will lead to another 0.7×0.75 ºC – i.e. 0.5 ºC .
Additional forcings in business - as - usual scenarios range roughly from 3 to 7 W/m2 and therefore additional warming ( at equilibrium ) would be 2 to 5 ºC .
That is significant .
Q.E.D.?
Bartow , Florida ( CNN ) --
After more than three decades in prison , a man in Florida was set free Thursday after a DNA test showed he did not kidnap and rape a 9 - year - old boy in 1974 .
James Bain , 54 , was 19 when he was convicted on charges of kidnapping , burglary and strong - arm rape .
Now he will be allowed to go home for the first time in 35 years .
" Mr. Bain , you are a free man , " the judge said in a Bartow , Florida , courtroom .
Bain was serving a life sentence .
Bain 's mother , who has been in and out of hospitals in recent years , said that her son's exoneration is " hard to believe . "
" He was just a child when he went in there , " Sarah Reed told CNN .
" I 've been trying to hold on .
I 've had things wrong with me , and I was afraid I would n't be here when he got out . "
Of the 245 people in the United States who have been exonerated by DNA testing , none has spent more time behind bars than Bain , according to the Innocence Project , a national organization dedicated to exonerating wrongfully convicted people through DNA testing .
" I thanked the Lord .
He must have did it for a reason , " Reed said .
" The Lord has a reason for putting him in here , and he has a reason for keeping me around for me to see this . "
Melissa Montle , an attorney with the Innocence Project , called Bain last week at his prison in Okeechobee , Florida , to tell him the news .
" I told him and he got very quiet , " she told CNN .
Then he said , " I 'm really happy , " and began to choke up , she said .
" He 's been so worried about his mom .
He wants to be home to take care of her , " Montle said .
Bain was convicted in 1974 of taking a 9 - year - old Lake Wales , Florida , boy from his bed and raping him .
According to police records , the victim told police that he fell asleep with his brothers and sisters , but when he woke up a man was dragging him by a baseball field .
The boy said he was forced to the ground and raped .
The Lake Wales police report says that the boy told police that his attacker had bushy sideburns and a mustache .
After being shown five photographs of potential suspects , the report says , the victim picked out the photo of Bain .
That 9 - year - old boy , now 44 , still lives in Florida and has been made aware of the situation , according to multiple sources .
" He is terrified for people to know who he is , " said one source familiar with the story .
" Somebody hurt him and scarred him badly , and the right person should be punished for that . "
Florida in 2001 passed a statute allowing cases to be reopened for DNA testing .
Four times
Bain submitted handwritten motions seeking such testing , only to be denied .
His fifth try was successful only after an appeals court ruled that he was entitled to a hearing .
Bain 's family has stood by him all of these years .
His twin sister , Jannie Jones , told police that James was home with her , watching a popular television medical drama called " Medical Center " at the time of the attack .
Another sister , Patsy Amos , said , " I still do n't understand why this happened , but we never doubted him .
We knew what type of child he was . "
It was incredibly frustrating , she said .
" It 's just like a death , ' cause there was nothing we can do .
He was a family member and we could n't bring him home .
There was nothing we could do .
It was like death .
We had no control over it , " she told CNN .
The prosecutor in the case , Edward Threadgill , is now retired after a career that culminated with a seat on the 2nd District Florida Appeals Court .
He will be 78 this month .
" I do n't remember any of the details [ of the case ] , " he told CNN .
" I do n't remember the defendant . "
But he added , " It upsets me that an innocent man was in prison .
It disturbs me greatly .
... I think we did the best with the technology we had .
We did the best we could with what we had . "
Bain 's mother said that while her son was in prison he " turned away from God , because he thought God abandoned him . "
But , she said , she stayed on him -- on the phone , and during twice - a- month visits -- and eventually , over the years , he came back around to find God again , in prison .
Watch report on the DNA exoneration of an Arizona man convicted of rape and murder
Now , she said , she is taking steps to ensure her son is taken care of in a world that has changed so much since he entered prison .
She 's putting her house and her car , a 1992 Toyota Camry , in his name .
" I want him to have something by himself .
He 's suffered enough .
He will never worry about where to stay .
No more suffering .
He 'll be taken care of , if anything happened to me , " Sarah Reed said .
" He worries about me all the time .
He thought he was doomed to stay there , and now he says , ' Do n't let go .
I 'm coming home . ' "
Michael Dexter from BSD
Fund writes in with an update on pcc developments :
Anders Magnusson ( ragge@ ) reports that pcc can now build a bootable OpenBSD - current x86 kernel and that amd64 support is coming soon .
Your testing using a fresh snapshot is greatly appreciated .
Please report any bugs in the pcc bug database and be as precise as possible .
Code samples are welcome .
We 'd like to thank Jonathan Gray ( jsg@ ) for finding many code - generation bugs that were revealed by the kernel and also the dozen donors who contributed a total of over $ 750 to this effort this month , bringing us less than $ 3,000 from our goal .
Posted by John , January 23rd , 2010 - under Women workers , Women 's liberation , Women 's oppression .
Tags : Capitalism , Family , Feminism
Sometimes just a few words can capture the essence of an argument .
And so it is with a new pamphlet by Socialist Alternative about women ’s oppression .
Women ’s oppression arose with the development of class society about 6000 years ago .
Capitalism deepened and extended this oppression , making the family and the role of women within it the central mechanism for the production and socialisation of the next generation of workers , at little cost to capital but great cost to working class women .
As Sandra Bloodworth , Allyson Hose and Fleur Taylor put it :
The particular gender stereotypes under capitalism are the result of a recent historical development – the nuclear family .
The phenomenon of two heterosexual people living with their children , in a home that is not a productive unit in itself , but separated sharply from the workplace , was a deliberate creation of capitalist social reformers during the mid-1800s .
In Australia women have legal equality .
Yet study after study shows that despite this , women are second class citizens .
They receive less pay for equal work – about 17 percent on average .
They are more often in casual and part - time employment .
Women do three times as much unpaid housework as men .
And as we look at leadership structures in capitalist society the pattern becomes clear – the higher up you go the less women there are .
This warping of our relationships find expression in sexism and women as objects for men .
As Bloodworth , Hose and Taylor argue :
The construction of women as passive sex objects is reflected everywhere in popular culture , from advertising to the music industry , TV films and literature .
The emphasis on monogamy and women ’s role as mothers and nurturers lays the basis for the denial of women ’s sexual needs .
Drawing on the ideas of Engels about the ‘ world historic defeat of the female sex ’ in The Origin of the Family , Private Property and the State , the authors argue that with the rise of class society 6000 years ago ‘ new concepts such as wealth , private property and state property came into being . ’
This , they say :
… gave rise to the need of the new ruling class to control women ’s sexuality , in order to determine their heirs for the inheritance of property .
The need to control women of the upper classes led ultimately to ideas and laws which , to be effective , had to apply to all women , and so established the oppression of one half of humanity .
Who benefits from women ’s oppression ?
Patriarchal theory feminists argue all men do .
Bloodworth et al demolish this .
The family and the consequent oppression of women are central to the survival of capitalism .
Since the ruling ideas are the ideas of the ruling class , it is not surprising that ideologically that class bombards us with messages about the family and women ’s subservient role in society .
These ideas reinforce the systemic and material oppression of women .
It is bosses who pay women less for equal work ; it is bosses who employ women on a casual and part time basis ; it is bosses who benefit from having a low paid , unorganised group to help keep all wages down and increase their profits .
Women and men have an interest in smashing the low wage structures capitalism imposes on us .
We are not just passive recipients of ruling class ideas .
Women have been at the forefront of struggles ; sparking for example the February Revolution in Russia in 1917 ; leading the militant campaigns for equal wages in the 60s and 70s in Australia ; setting up the women ’s liberation movement of forty years ago .
And it is governments , both Liberal and Labor , who reinforce this oppression with their laws and practices on restricting wage increases and unions , their miserable funding for child care , their anti-abortion campaigns and their homophobia .
Can we reform capitalism to defeat women ’s oppression ?
No , because that oppression through the institution of the family is integral to capitalism .
Struggle can roll back some of the worst aspects of oppression .
But capitalists always try to push back the gains struggle wins to increase their profits .
Women ’s oppression arose with class society ; only abolishing class society can end it .
Of course fighting for change now is important and can win some gains , often temporary .
But ultimately women can only be free when workers , male and female , smash the profit system and the chains of the nuclear family .
Women ’s oppression , class and capitalism is available from Socialist Alternative .
The website is being upgraded so it may be a few days before you can get through .
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News , San Francisco
The California heartland has shed 30 cubic km of water since 2003 Nasa satellites have weighed the water lost by the US State of California 's heartland since 2003 .
The Sacramento and San Joaquin River Basins which support the highly productive Central Valley have shed over 30 cubic km of water in that time .
The data comes from the Grace mission which detects changes in gravity caused by water as it cycles between the sea , the atmosphere and the land .
It illustrates the impact of a drought but also excessive irrigation use .
" The numbers we 're getting out of this analysis point to groundwater use at unsustainable rates , " said Professor Jay Famiglietti of the University of California , Irvine .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It 's leading to declining water tables , decreased crop sizes , and continued land subsidence - something that has been going on in the Central Valley for decades . "
Professor Famiglietti has been describing the California situation here at the American Geophysical Union 's ( AGU ) Fall Meeting , the world 's largest annual gathering of Earth scientists .
It is big issue because of California 's importance to food production in the US .
Its Central Valley is one of the major agricultural regions in the world .
It grows more than 250 different crops , accounting for a little under a tenth of all the food produced in the US by value .
But the Central Valley also accounts for about a sixth of all the irrigated land in the US , making the region the second most pumped aquifer in America .
" Hopefully the drought will end and we 'll have more groundwater recharge and the southern part of the valley will get more surface water allocation , " Professor Famiglietti told BBC News .
" But if that does n't happen , the rates that we 're pumping just cannot continue .
We 'll have more and more farmers whose wells go dry , [ and ] who wo n't be able to irrigate their crops .
All of that has implications for the amount of food we 're able to produce . "
The Grace satellites provide a twin eye on Earth 's gravity field The Grace mission is a joint venture between Nasa and the German Aerospace Centre ( DLR ) .
It has already been used to weigh the ice sitting on the Greenland and Antarctic landmasses , to demonstrate the billions of tonnes lost to melting each year .
Grace has also observed the continent - wide drying and wetting of Europe and Africa , and only this year detailed the rapidly declining water table in northwest India .
The gravity data returned from the spacecraft is also being used to study ocean circulation to improve climate models .
The satellites obtain their information by executing a carefully calibrated pursuit in orbit .
As one spacecraft lurches and drags through the Earth 's uneven gravity field , the second follows 210 km behind , measuring changes in their separation to the nearest micron ( a thousandth of a millimetre ) .
It is the size of those changes detected by the twins that describes the nature and scale of the gravity anomalies - and consequently the changes in mass - over which they pass .
Scientists were not quite sure how valuable Grace 's data would be when the pair were launched in 2002 , but there have now been a number of seminal scientific papers published on the back of what the spacecraft have observed .
" The beauty and the rewarding thing is when the data proves itself to be so valuable that it actually goes into an operational and a management system , and I think you are seeing Grace in year eight of its mission go into that phase , " commented Dr Michael Watkins , the Grace project scientist .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
San Francisco health officials reported an alarming increase in new syphilis cases last year after years of declines .
New syphilis cases rose 55.8 percent in 2008 over the previous year , San Francisco public health officials reported .
The increase was significantly lower than the dramatic spikes reported early in the decade , when new infections increased 167 percent from 2001 to 2002 .
But last year 's rise would seem to indicate an increase in unsafe sexual practices , which could lead to a rise in HIV infection rates .
San Francisco health experts said they have not seen an increase in new HIV cases and cannot explain the reason for it .
" We do n't have a single explanation to tie it to , but we do know reported risk behaviors have n't changed dramatically , " said Dr. Susan Philip , acting director of the sexually transmitted disease prevention and control services unit of San Francisco 's Health Department , which published the new findings in its 2008 summary of sexually transmitted diseases .
One possible explanation , Philip suggested , is that people who are already infected with HIV are having sex with others who are HIV positive .
The vast majority of early syphilis cases - about 97 percent - occurred in men , and more than 90 percent involved men who had sex with men , according to the Health Department .
More than 70 percent of cases occurred among men who are HIV positive .
" If you have HIV - positive men having unprotected sex with other HIV - positive men as a conscious decision to reduce the rate of HIV transmission ... and if they 're not aware of syphilis , you have the unintended consequence of rising rates of syphilis , " said Steve Gibson , director of Magnet , a sexual health center for gay men in the Castro and a program of the San Francisco AIDS Foundation .
Gibson said the center has seen an uptick in syphilis cases since 2006 , but said 2007 and 2008 rates of the disease diagnosed at the clinic remained stable .
He said awareness of syphilis tends to ebb and flow with changes in the population and in funding for sexually transmitted disease education .
The number of early - stage cases reported in San Francisco in 2008 was 548 , just shy of the all - time record of 554 new cases in 2004 , according to health officials .
The good news is that new syphilis cases have decreased by 3.5 percent for the first nine months of 2009 compared to the same period last year , according to the Health Department .
While San Francisco health officials could n't explain the slight decline , they said the city has stepped up efforts to promote syphilis awareness among the public and health providers , particularly dentists and hygienists .
This includes the Healthy Penis campaign , complete with appearances this year of the 6 - foot - tall costumed penis at fairs , parades and public events and his buddy , Phil the Syphilis Sore .
" We 're not sure if what we 're doing is having any impact , but we 're gratified to see it ( the syphilis rate ) did n't increase , " Philip said .
Jogging with dog at Carcavelos Beach .
Image credit : Wikipedia .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Aerobic exercises such as running or jogging have long been known to be good for the health , but now new research , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) has shown that it also stimulates the growth of new brain cells and improves the memory and ability to learn .
Neuroscientists from University of Cambridge in the UK and the National Institute on Aging in Baltimore in the US have joined forces to study the effects of running .
Working on mice , they showed that even a few days of running stimulates the brain to grow new cells in a part of the brain involved in memory and recall .
The scientists divided the mice into two groups : one of which had a running wheel they could use at any time , and the other of which did not .
They trained each mouse by placing it in front of a computer screen displaying two squares .
If the mouse used its nose to nudge the square on the left it was given a sugar pellet as a reward .
If it nudged the other square , there was no reward .
The mice were then given brief memory tests designed to see how effectively they could separate similar memories .
They scored higher points the more they nudged the square on the left , but the squares began 30 cm apart and were brought progressively closer together during the tests until they were almost touching .
In the memory tests the scores of mice with access to the running wheel were almost double those of the non-running group .
The difference between scores was greatest in the later stages , when the squares were almost touching .
Bussey said during the later stages the memories the mice formed of the squares were quite similar , and the new brain cells in the running mice made much more difference in their ability to put them together .
In the non-runners the memories were too similar for them to distinguish between them .
In another experiment the researchers changed the square that produced the reward , and found the running mice caught on to the switch more quickly than the sedentary mice .
When the brain tissue of the mice was examined , the scientists found the running mice had grown an average of 6,000 new brain cells per cubic millimeter in the dentate gyrus part of the hippocampus , which is one of only a few areas of the brain that can grow new cells in the adult brain .
Researcher Timothy Bussey said the studies build on earlier work showing exercise keeps the brain healthy by increasing synaptic plasticity and by stimulating the brain to produce new cells , a process known as neurogenisis .
Among these studies was work done on patients suffering from depression .
In these patients neurogenisis was found to be limited , but improved if they exercised regularly .
The researchers are not yet clear on exactly why exercise triggers the growth of brain cells , but speculate it may be because exercise increases blood flow , or because it elevates certain hormone levels .
Exercise may also reduce the level of the hormone cortisol , which is associated with stress .
Explore further Exercise can aid recovery after brain radiation
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
As Android supports OpenGL ES , I wanted to provide the basic and probably most read OpenGL tutorials available for the Android platform .
The NeHe OpenGL tutorials are what every OpenGL starter is beginning with or pointed at .
The set of nearly 50 tutorials give an overview about OpenGL functions and principles and are easy to understand and to be converted to the own needs .
They are already available in many versions , many different programming languages ( e.g. C# , D , Java ) as well as for many frameworks ( e.g. JOGL , REALBasic ) .
I ported / am porting the original tutorials to the Android platform , adapted to the specifics and requirements and in a somehow more Object - Oriented way .
Some specifics and requirements given from the OpenGL ES Android implementation require changes such as
glBegin/glEnd is a common way to immediately draw something to the OpenGL screen and permanently used in the NeHe tutorials .
But as these are not supported on the Android platform , everything will be handled by Arrays ( Vertex , Indices , Colors , Textures Coordinates ) .
Anyway , we are still immediately drawing these , but for future tasks and buffer binding on GL11 supporting devices , this is the basic way to go , therefore the change should be seen as an advantage ( Anyway , glBegin and End will drop out of the OpenGL Specification ) .
GL_QUADS are not available .
Therefore , in correlation with the used Vertex and Index Arrays most things will be drawn with GL_TRIANGLES , which again is no direct disadvantage .
and some more things .
Overall , I try to keep everything as near as possible to the NeHe source and comments , so that everybody can use these sources with the description of the original tutorials .
Additional elements and structures added for a better utilization , visibility , style and organisation are commented by myself here on this page as well as in the source code itself .
If questions occur , please comment to this page .
Please note that the source is a mere port and is not necessarily best practice or for best performance .
It is just a plain port to show how to accomplish the original intend on the Android platform .
This source has been developed and tested with the Android 1.5r3 SDK in an Eclipse 3.5 environment .
All ran fine on the provided emulator .
Not every little aspect of Android or Java is explained .
You should now how the basics work to understand the lessons .
The ports are now also available on GitHub .
Lesson 01 – Download and set up Eclipse and Android
In this very first tutorial you will get a quick overview where to get all you need ( of course , depending on your personal preferences you have to adapt the tutorial ) to start developing Android applications .
Go to tutorial …
Lesson 02 – Your First Polygon
In this first OpenGL tutorial you will see the basic structure to initiate an OpenGL View on an Android system .
It contains four classes : One Runner , to base the activity on ( will be nearly the same for each lesson ) , the OpenGL View and the two objects which are drawn .
Both objects are properly separated but resemble the same structure to be drawn by vertex buffers .
As mentioned , this should be the preferred way and could also be used as an initial idea for a later game entity design structure .
Note :
As JoshuaFalken pointed out it is to note that by creating the GLSurfaceView and setting the renderer the drawing process is continously .
This means you do not have to make any loop yourself .
While in most cases this is what you want , to draw all the time .
If you need or want to do it on your own you can set the render mode to RENDERMODE_WHEN_DIRTY .
By that you would have to requestRender on the GLSurfaceView by yourself .
You can read about it here .
Changes regarding NeHe :
The biggest changes to the original tutorial come from the Android platform and classes structure .
Everything is separated into its own classes ( Renderer , Triangle and Square ) , as well as the objects are drawn by Vertex Buffers ( see remark above ) .
The init , resize and draw methods are nearly the same but they refer to the respective instanced objects of the Triangle and Square .
In addition to fit the normal up - side screen layout I changed the location of both to be among each other .
Original Lesson 02 Download Lesson02
Lesson 03 – Adding Color
In this lesson you add colors to the objects .
The triangle gets colored with with a gradient and the Square is colored in blue .
Changes to previous :
The changes are only made in both object classes , Triangle and Square .
In Sqaure . java only one line has been added to the draw method , which defines the color before drawing .
The Triangle . java does not only draw one color but many .
These are again defined by values in a buffer like the vertices .
The values are based on RGB and luminance .
In the draw method this buffer is also added like the vertex buffer and the mapped colors are drawn according to their order .
Original Lesson 03 Download Lesson03
Lesson 04 – Rotation
Now that we have colored Triangles and Squares we need to spin these round n’ round .
Whoohi^^ ’ !!!
In this tutorial you will add rotation to both objects .
Changes to previous :
Only the method on DrawFrame ( GL10 gl ) in Lesson04 .
java has been altered .
Before we draw the Triangle and Square we rotate the drawing matrix .
A dynamic value , which is increased in each drawing round ensures that our objects start spinning .
Between both drawing procedures we reset the matrix by calling gl.glLoadIdentity ( ) .
This is very important , otherwise the following translation and rotation is based on the position set through the previous translation and rotation .
Just try and comment that line .
Funny results ^^° !
Original Lesson 04 Download Lesson04
Lesson 05 – 3D Shapes
In this tutorial you will enter another dimension : The THIRD ! based on our Triangle and Square you will create the three - dimensional representation of these .
Therefore , we change the Triangle to a Pyramid and the Square to a Cube .
Changes to previous :
The biggest changes are done to our objects .
We converted and extended both to three - dimensional representations .
If you have a look at the Cube and Pyramid class you will notice that they resemble the structure of the Square and Triangle .
We just added additional vertices and indices to the Cube .
It is important to notice the difference between e.g. Square and Cube to understand how to draw and how to create objects .
The Cube uses as mentioned indices to gl.glDrawElements itself .
To understand the indices it is important to understand a cube .
A cube has 8 vertices , 12 edges and 6 faces .
All faces share different vertices and this is what we want to use to our advantage .
If we draw a cube we would have to put every vertex in the array and so that the drawing function can follow the vertices to conclude in surfaces .
Now , we just define the 8 vertices a cube has overall and put them in “ drawing order ” through our indices .
The values in the index buffer are to be seen as pointer to the defined vertices .
0 for the first , 1 for the second and so on .
Note : Please note that the Pyramid has no “ base ” .
In the original NeHe tutorial this was not needed because of the perspective .
But as I altered the code to fit the normal screen layout you can see into the Pyramid .
I was too lazy to add the floor but you could add it to test and see if you understood the lesson .
Original Lesson 05 Download Lesson05
Lesson 06 – Texture Mapping
In this tutorial we will concentrate and continue with the Cube .
We step away from the psychedelic colors and add a texture .
In honour of the original tutorials I keep the original texture .
Changes to previous :
Some small changes are in Lesson06 .
java where there were some variables added , 2D textures are enabled ( gl.glEnable ( GL10.GL_TEXTURE_2D ) ) and the texture is loaded in the Cube class .
The biggest change experience the Cube.java .
First of all the color array was replaced by the texture array , which contains the texture mapping coordinates .
Therefore , instead of the color array the texture array is enabled in the draw method ( gl.glEnableClientState( GL10.GL_TEXTURE_COORD_ARRAY ) ) .
You will notice much more vertices than before .
This results from the fact that we do not want to color them but to texture them .
Now , if we use vertices for more than one face the texture mapping becomes inconsistent .
Therefore , each “ real ” face vertex has been defined and the according texture mapping with one mapping per vertex .
There are possible cases where texture mapping with shared vertices can work but not with this cube .
The biggest extension to the Cube class is the loadGLTexture method .
It combines the OpenGL texture generation with the Android resource loading possibilities and shows best the advantages and possibilities Android can provide for such a development .
Original Lesson 06 Download Lesson06
Lesson 07 – Texture Filters , Lighting & Control
In this tutorial we change our texture , add texture filters , lighting AND controls .
Changes to previous : Several changes have been made to the Run , Cube and Lesson07 classes .
The Lesson07 . java now defines light arrays for ambient , diffuse and position values and converts these into the buffers in the constructor .
What can be noticed here also is that the constructor sets itself as renderer , what was done before in the Run class .
If you look up in the class you will see that I changed the class from a Renderer to a full GLSurfaceView , Renderer and some InputListener .
The Run class now only instances the Lesson07 and sets it as content view .
I have changed this because of the input functionality in this lesson .
It is quicker and easier to implement a change of values in the same class these are used and drawn .
It is no best practice as you should really use a real input manager for yourself , but to keep it simple to understand and near to the original I chose this way .
When the surface is created a OpenGL light is created .
This can be enabled through input and a flag queried in the draw method .
The Cube class is nearly the same but it got another array ( yes , another one ) : Normals !
Please refer to the Wikipedia entry for further information about normals .
We need them , otherwise OpenGL would not know how to work with the light if it hits the surface .
The buffer is enabled and added as the other ones .
Everything common here .
But the Texture loading method has changed a bit as different filters are now created : Nearest , Linear and Mipmapped .
Nearest and Linear are just different in flags but the mipmapping needs some changes .
Please refer to this post of me , where I described it in more detail .
But overall the probably biggest change to the NeHe tutorial are the controls .
Controls :
As first lesson this one has controls to control what should happen on the screen .
The emulator has a keyboard but I wanted to also use this lesson to give away some InputHandler basics .
Therefore , I converted all controls of the original tutorial to the Touchscreen and D+Pad .
The controls are : D+ Pad : Acceleration in the respective direction
Acceleration in the respective direction D+ Pad Button : Change the filter
Change the filter Touchscreen : Control the Box by spinning it according to your movement on the touchscreen
Control the Box by spinning it according to your movement on the touchscreen Upper Touchscreen :
From left to right you can zoom in and out by moving on the screen
From left to right you can zoom in and out by moving on the screen Lower Touchscreen :
By clicking in the lower part you can enable and disable the lighting
The implementation is done in the Lesson07 class as mentioned .
It is pretty straight forward if you know the listener principles in Java .
We catch key and touch events and interpret these to set the according variables in our code ( that is why I wanted to have Renderer and Listener in one class ) .
It should be self - explanatory , but a very important point is done in the constructor .
By setting it focusable in touchscreen mode and requesting the focus the D+ Pad is catched for that Activity .
Always ensure this .
Original Lesson 07 Download Lesson07
Lesson 08 – Blending
In this tutorial we again change the texture and enable blending for the textures .
Changes to previous :
There are not that many changes to this lesson as it only sets and enables blending in the Lesson08 class with the according flags and method to blend in - between textures .
Controls :
The controls are the same as in the previous lesson but the lower touchscreen has been split into left and right Lower Touchscreen LEFT :
By clicking you can enable and disable the blending
By clicking you can enable and disable the blending Lower Touchscreen RIGHT : By clicking you can enable and disable the lighting Original Lesson 08 Download Lesson08
Lesson 09 – Moving Bitmaps
In 3D Space
This tutorial slightly leaves the previous tutorials and shows how to move and blend textured objects in our 3D space .
Changes to previous :
Basically , you will find much same code as before , as I kept the basic structure to have everything as clear as possible .
Two bigger changes have been made : Now , there is a Stars and a Star class .
The Star. java is basically the textured object class representation of one single star .
It has the vertices and texture coordinates , handles to draw itself .
The Stars class is instanced and called by our renderer and initiates the star texture once , sets random colors and iterates through all stars .
This can show how a possible “ world ” representation could call its sub -objects .
In the Lesson09 class you can change the number of stars or for example change glBlendFunc to see which effects occur .
This may help to understand blending .
Controls :
The controls are just : Lower Touchscreen LEFT :
By clicking you can enable and disable the blending ( just looks funny ^^ )
By clicking you can enable and disable the blending ( just looks funny ^^ ) Lower Touchscreen RIGHT :
By clicking you can enable and disable twinkling Original Lesson 09 Download Lesson09
Lesson 10 – Loading And Moving Through A 3D World
This tutorial is different from the ones before as it does not only show a geometric object but allows you to move through a 3D world .
Changes :
The changes here are basically additions .
The drawing and rendering is pretty similar to the NeHe Android Port structure before .
But this time , we do not define the vertices etc. by hand , but read these from a text file .
Therefore , the World class is a representation of a World , based on what has been read from the world .
txt file .
The biggest additions are made here , in the World class .
The text file is interpreted and the controls are moved here .
The controls are similar to the original but converted to the Android platform .
Controls :
The controls are moving by pressing the D - Pad or your arrow keys on the keyboard .
In addition you can look up and down and turn around by scrolling on the touchscreen .
The texture filter can be changed with the D - Pad Center button and by pressing Lower Touchscreen LEFT :
By clicking you can enable and disable the blending ( just looks funny ^^ ) Original Lesson 10 Download Lesson10
Lesson 16 – Cool Looking Fog
This tutorial is based on tutorial 07 and adds fog .
Changes to lesson 07/08 : The changes to Lesson 07/08 are minimal and are just in the Lesson16 class .
In the beginning we define specific fog color , mode and filter variables .
In onSurfaceCreated ( ) we set the OpenGL Fog settings and in draw check which fog mode filter should be used .
The listener onTouchEvent ( ) now checks for presses in the lower left and changes the fog mode accordingly .
Controls :
The controls are the same as in Lesson 07/08 but Lower Touchscreen LEFT :
By clicking you can switch the fog mode Original Lesson 16 Download Lesson16
… more to come …
I hope these ports can help at least some people trying to figure out the platform .
If you like it , have questions , are mad at me or you have ideas for improvement , please let me know .
The comments are open !
64 Pages Posted : 10 Sep 2009
Last revised : 20 Feb 2010
Date Written : September 10 , 2009
Abstract
One of the longest shadows cast by the Bush Administration ’s War on Terror involves the fate of the torture lawyers who authored or signed memoranda regarding the use of torture or enhanced interrogation techniques against detainees .
Should they face professional sanction or even prosecution for their involvement ?
The following article suggests that their fate implicates some of the deepest questions of criminal law theory and that resolution of the debate requires a fundamental reorientation of the most important areas of justifications and excuses .
First , the debate about torture has been overly focused on justifications for torture .
This can be explained in part by a general confusion in U.S. law over the necessity defense .
Second , this Article therefore argues that necessity , when properly understood , constitutes two separate defenses , one a justification and the other an excuse , each with its own standard .
The necessity justification does not apply to government agents who tortured detainees , though necessity as an excuse might apply under certain conditions .
However , excused necessity - like all excuses - does not generate a corresponding exculpation for accomplices , like the torture lawyers , who might be said to have aided and abetted the principal perpetrators .
Third , the Article questions the usual assumption of lawyers that they are only liable as accomplices if they supported their client ’s criminality through frivolous legal arguments , though even under this standard the torture lawyers might face accomplice liability for some of their arguments .
Finally , commentators are wrong that such prosecutions would be unprecedented .
The United States itself prosecuted Nazi officials at Nuremberg for their failure to properly advise the Reich that their conduct violated international law .
A man has reportedly breached his anti-social behaviour order by laughing at a neighbour .
Stuart Hunt was charged after laughing at the teenage daughter of his neighbours Stuart and Shirley Latham , The Daily Telegraph reports .
Hunt has reportedly had a dispute with his neighbours for six years after an argument over speed bumps he placed on the access road they share .
He claims that he just smiled , shook his head and laughed at the 15 - year - old , who was dancing in the street when he returned from dropping his children off at school .
However , the court order his neighbours brought bans him from laughing at people , staring at anyone , slowly clapping his hands , waving objects and adopting a menacing stance .
" There must be terrorist suspects who have more rights than I have here , " Hunt said .
" Two police officers turned up at my house and charged me with breaching the ASBO by laughing at the neighbours ' daughter .
They charged me with laughing specifically , and only laughing .
I could n't believe it .
It 's absolutely absurd .
I do n't feel I did anything wrong .
" The neighbours ' daughter was dancing on the pavement .
I just drove past and kind of looked at her and smiled and laughed .
That was it .
Now I am waiting to hear if I will be taken to court . "
Hunt has previously been convicted of assaulting Mr Latham and has appeared in court charged with breaching his ASBO by shouting at his neighbour .
Latham said : " We have come up to the Highlands for a peaceful life and just want to be left alone .
My children should be able to walk along the right of access we share with Mr Hunt without fear of intimidation . "
Meanwhile , a police spokesperson said : " A 46 - year - old man has been charged with an alleged breach of an anti-social behaviour order and a report will be submitted to the procurator fiscal . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Not every Bush veteran agrees , of course .
Marc Thiessen , a former White House speechwriter , has a new book called “ Courting Disaster : How the C.I.A. Kept America Safe and How Barack Obama Is Inviting the Next Attack . ”
Tom Ridge , the former homeland security secretary , told me before the Christmas Day plot that under Obama , Washington had “ lost a certain sense of urgency and commitment to combating terrorism . ”
Most disturbing to the Bush camp , even to those who generally see continuity in Obama ’s policies , have been Attorney General Eric Holder ’s decisions to release legal memos that described interrogation techniques used by the C.I.A. , to reinvestigate allegations of interrogation abuse by C.I.A. officers and to take Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , the self - declared mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks , to New York to face trial in civilian court .
Hayden recalled warning Jim Jones , Obama ’s national security adviser , last spring not to alienate the C.I.A. by dredging up the past .
“ You ’re about to spend the next 46 months without a clandestine service , ” Hayden recalled saying .
“ If these guys do n’t think you have their back , they ’re not going to be very adventurous . ”
There is ample historical precedent for this cycle .
During times of national crisis , Washington often claims more authority , sometimes to the point of excess , then slowly cedes it back , from the Sedition Act signed by John Adams to Abraham Lincoln ’s suspension of habeas corpus during the Civil War to Franklin D. Roosevelt ’s internment of Japanese - Americans during World War II — all cases in which the system eventually corrected itself in one fashion or another .
“ Historically the more we move away from a crisis , the better we ’re able to see the costs and benefits of what we ’re doing , and we go from being extremely risk - averse to finding a better balance , ” says Geoffrey Stone , a professor and former dean at the University of Chicago law school .
Bush has pointed to another historical pattern .
In private discussions with associates during the 2008 presidential campaign , he predicted that if a Democrat won , he or she would be like Dwight Eisenhower to his Harry Truman .
Just as Eisenhower on the campaign trail criticized Truman ’s policies in the early years of the cold war only to essentially adopt them after taking office , Bush anticipated that his successor would preserve most of what he had put in place .
Of course , this conveniently fits into Bush ’s hope that , like Truman , he will look better in the eyes of history .
A senior Obama adviser scoffed at the idea that Bush advisers see continuity , arguing that they are trying to launder their reputations by claiming validation .
But it is true that much of the Bush security architecture is almost certain to remain part of the national fabric for some time to come , thanks to Obama .
Stone , who helped bring Obama to the University of Chicago law school , says his former colleague must be wary of doing anything that would increase the risk of a terrorist attack against the United States .
“ He may feel in fact , ” Stone says , “ that it ’s a more dangerous world than he thought it was , that some of these measures may be more necessary than he thought . ”
STONE JOINED A GROUP of human - rights and civil - liberties advocates at the White House last spring for a meeting with Obama to talk about issues of interrogation and detention .
Obama had struggled through a rocky few months trying to find the balance between security and liberty , arguing that America did not need to sacrifice one for the other .
The decision to close the Guantánamo prison sparked a revolt in Congress , even among Democrats who worried about suspected terrorists being transferred to prisons in their states .
And while the administration has selected an Illinois facility to house some of the detainees , the Jan. 22 deadline to close Guantánamo will not be met .
An attempt to release into the United States 17 Chinese Uighurs who were deemed no threat to Americans collapsed .
And although Obama authorized the release of memos detailing the use of waterboarding and other techniques now banned , he refused to release photographs showing abuse of detainees .
For Brennan , these issues were a chance to get right what he thought went wrong under Bush .
But he has found himself at odds with other advisers at times .
When Craig and Holder wanted to release the memos about C.I.A. interrogation methods , Brennan initially agreed , reasoning that the tactics in the memos had by then been banned .
But he later reversed himself and sided with the C.I.A. , which argued that the memos would give terrorists too much information about how American interrogators work .
Brennan likewise stood with Gates and military leaders who argued unsuccessfully that releasing photographs of the abuses would inflame radicals and endanger American troops .
Gen. Ray Odierno , the top commander in Iraq , made a personal appeal to Obama during a visit to Washington , and the president agreed to reject Craig ’s recommendation to release the photos .
Brennan also found an ally at times in Rahm Emanuel , who was said to think that the politics of these decisions were being mishandled and that fights over detention policy used up political capital better spent on priorities like health care and the economy .
A RENOWNED Nigerian ex-banker , Umaru Mutallab , says the man arrested over a botched attempt to blow up a US airliner on a flight from Amsterdan to Detroit is his son .
" I have been receiving telephone calls from all over the world about my child who has been arrested for an alleged attempt to bomb a plane , '' Mr Mutallab said
" I am really disturbed .
I would not want to say anything at the moment until I put myself together .
I will address a press conference on the issue on Monday .
I have been summoned by the Nigerian security and I am on my way to Abuja to answer the call , '' he said .
He said he had just left his town of Funtua in northern Katsina State for the Nigerian capital .
Nigeria on Saturday ordered a top - level probe after the botched attempt by a young Nigerian to blow up a US plane as it was preparing to land in Detroit on Friday , a government statement said .
Originally published as Banker says son is failed US plane bomber
The Who will perform during halftime at this year ’s Super Bowl , according to reports .
The band , led by surviving members Pete Townshend and Roger Daltrey , are all set for Super Bowl XLIV Feb. 7 in Miami , according to Sports Illustrated .
The NFL has n’t confirmed the booking , saying only that , “ When we have something to announce , we ’ll announce it . ”
But the choice of the renowned British rockers makes sense , since CBS uses
Who songs as intros for all three of its “ CSI ” shows : “ Who Are You ” ( “ CSI “ ) , “ Baba O’Riley ” ( “ CSI : NY “ ) and “ Wo n’t Get Fooled Again ” ( “ CSI : Miami “ ) .
The Super Bowl — which draws TV ’s biggest annual audience — is traditionally a huge showcase for A - list acts during the halftime show .
In past years , the roster of performers has included Michael Jackson , Janet Jackson ( and her infamous “ wardrobe malfunction ” ) , Paul McCartney , U2 , The Rolling Stones , Prince and Bruce Springsteen .
CBS officials had no comment yesterday .
HAMPTON , Va . 
As the military rushes to place more spy drones over Afghanistan , the remote - controlled planes are producing so much video intelligence that analysts are finding it more and more difficult to keep up .
Air Force drones collected nearly three times as much video over Afghanistan and Iraq last year as in 2007  about 24 years ’ worth if watched continuously .
That volume is expected to multiply in the coming years as drones are added to the fleet and as some start using multiple cameras to shoot in many directions .
A group of young analysts already watches every second of the footage live as it is streamed to Langley Air Force Base here and to other intelligence centers , and they quickly pass warnings about insurgents and roadside bombs to troops in the field .
But military officials also see much potential in using the archives of video collected by the drones for later analysis , like searching for patterns of insurgent activity over time .
To date , only a small fraction of the stored video has been retrieved for such intelligence purposes .
The Christian Anti-Defamation Commission has released its ' Top 10 list of Anti-Christian Acts of 2009 ' and they point the finger at Larry David , Obama , the Department of Homeland Security , but mostly at gays , and the oh - so - scary gay marching band that participated in the inauguration .
Said Dr. Gary Cass of the Christian Anti-Defamation Commission : " It is arguable that anti-Christian hatred has spilled over into material forms of persecution in 2009 .
Christians were killed and bullied for their witness , ministers and churches threatened with violence and vandalized for standing for marriage , and Christians were fired for not compromising their faith .
If these are not bona fide examples of persecution , than I wonder what more it might take ? "
Here are their Top 10 :
Windows only : Freeware audio player foobar2000 has a big new 1.0 release under its belt , sporting a bunch of new features and improvements .
If you 're looking for a lightweight media player that 's highly customizable , then foobar2000 deserves a look .
Advertisement
( Click the image above for a closer look . )
Foobar2000 has always gotten high marks from us , making our list of the top apps we 're most thankful for as well as garnering reader approval in our Hive Five best desktop media players .
We like it because it 's fast , portable , and has loads of plug-ins and customizations that let us do everything from show album art to connect an iPod .
Advertisement
The new version of foobar2000 has a new context menu structure that 's a tiny bit less customizable but makes up for it by featuring a more intuitive layout from the get - go .
Foobar2000 also has built - in support for Windows Media and RTSP streaming , and better compatibilityf with multimedia keyboards .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Out of the box , foobar2000 is n't necessarily much to look at , but as our readers previously demonstrated , it 's easy to dress it up .
For even more customization options , be sure to take a look at how to roll your own killer audio player with foobar2000 .
Advertisement
Do you currently use foobar2000 ?
Share a screenshot of your configuration with your fellow readers at #myfoobar2000 .
foobar2000
The Miami Herald , South Florida Sun-Sentinel , and the Panthers Facebook page are all announcing winger Nathan Horton - injured by an errant Dennis Seidenberg puck clearing attempt on Thursday against the Islanders - will be out of the Cats ' lineup for the foreseeable future .
Worst - case scenario ( so far ) ?
On Frozen Pond is calling it 4 - 6 weeks .
Whether it 's referred to as a " broken leg " or " fractured tibia " , the guy 's gonna be shelved for a considerable period .
Horton is Florida 's leading scorer with 46 points but , like the entire club , has slowed of late , recording two points ( both goals ) and a minus - 1 in his past five games .
The Panthers have lost their past two matches going into tonight 's home stint against visiting Toronto , while struggling mightily to find scoring from anyone .
Nine games remain before the Olympic break in mid-February .
With David Booth still on the mend - and having as yet gone unreplaced in the lineup - the loss of Horton completes a one - two punch Florida can ill afford .
Promotion from within the organization to cover numerous injuries sustained by the parent club has proven unremarkable at best while leaving the Rochester Americans gasping for coverage .
Intriguingly , the Panthers demoted hard - nosed first year winger Victor Oreskovich just yesterday .
While this may be - as the Sun-Sentinel speculated - a move made to allow for the return of Kenndal McArdle , it 's a bit confusing since the Cats were obviously aware at the time that Horton would be out of the lineup this weekend .
Will this force the hand of management to find a replacement - even temporarily - via trade ?
Or does Florida 's weak bargaining position quickly strike that possibilty down ?
GM Randy Sexton should have some tough decisions to make in the coming days .
In any case , the Panthers will be relying on their third and fourth lines like never before .
Update —
Good news !
Reader Scott Hall , who owns a card printing web site called Babyshere.com , offered to print our Christmas cards for less than FedEx - Kinkos would have charged .
Only a few hours later my cards are now literally in the mail .
Thanks , Scott !
Tonight I walked into the Fedex Kinkos store on Calhoun Street here in Charleston , SC to print our Christmas cards , only to have the clerk , Tammy Johnson , reject my order as obscene .
We Cringelys are known for our Christmas cards , I admit , because we make them ourselves and we ’re naked .
The tradition began by accident and now our cards are so popular friends remind us to send them .
Making naked Christmas cards that are tasteful is n’t easy , either , but we do it .
With three little boys you can only go so long until they begin to realize they are , well , naked .
That leads in our family not so much to protestations of modesty as to demands for bribes .
The price of this year ’s photo session was $ 2 worth of sour gummy worms per kid .
Yum .
This is the second year in a row we ’ve been rejected by Kinkos .
“ I remember you , ” said Ms. Johnson , handing back my USB drive with a look of disdain .
It was hard for me to tell whether this was a different look of disdain from the one I got when Ms. Johnson had to put down her cellphone to serve me in the first place .
I appealed last year ’s rejection to the store manager , a man .
After all Kinkos — the very same Kinkos — had happily printed our cards the previous four years .
We were posing last year in a fishing boat , wearing life vests , strategic shadows , and nothing else .
“ I see something there , ” said the manager , pointing at what would have been the groin of my six year - old if it had n’t been well - hidden behind a light on the boat .
“ What do you see ? ” I asked .
“ You know , ” he said .
“ It ’s a navigation light , ” I said .
“ I do n’t think so . ”
“ It ’s green , ” I said .
“ It ’s a green navigation light . ”
Our cards show nothing .
They are just for fun .
Summer vacation photos that families print at the same store show more — lots more — than our cards ever do .
When we were rejected last year I was working two days per week in San Francisco , so I had the cards printed there at another Kinkos , South of Market .
I told the whole rejection / obscenity story to the pierced and tattooed San Francisco Kinkos counterman , who found it hilarious .
He threw - in a few extra cards for free .
The U. S. Supreme Court allowed years ago that obscenity standards could vary based on “ local values , ” but such values have to be uniformly applied .
If a Fedex Kinkos in Charleston will print a picture of a girl in a bikini or a boy with his shirt off , then they should print my Christmas cards .
I ’ll be calling Fred Smith , the founder of FedEx , in the morning .
If enough of you tell your friends about this column before then , maybe Fred will be expecting my call .
Here ’s the picture .
What do you think ?
This policy is entirely justified given the scale of the social crisis .
But it also masks the continued rot in the housing market , allows lenders to hide losses , and stores up an ever larger overhang of unsold properties .
It takes heroic naivety to think the US housing market has turned the corner ( apologies to Goldman Sachs , as always ) .
The fuse has yet to detonate on the next mortgage bomb , $ 134bn ( £ 83 bn ) of " option ARM " contracts due to reset violently upwards this year and next .
According to a post on Maxconsole , a court in Paris has just dismissed a lawsuit filed by Nintendo over the use of flash carts on the DS .
Apparently , the gamemaker was attempting to halt the use of the cartridges due to their ability to circumvent copy protection and allow for pirating of software , but a judge in France took a decidedly different view .
As the carts are often used for homebrew and DIY projects , the court holds that owners of the console should be able to develop software much as a license holder of Windows might .
Furthermore , the article claims that the court also deemed Nintendo 's strict control of development " illegal " ( Maxconsole 's words ) , and said that development of software for the system should n't be hamstrung by the need for proprietary kits .
This ruling follows a recent Spanish case in which the court dismissed Nintendo 's lawsuit over flash carts claiming that while the add- ons do violate DRM , they also legitimately extend the functionality of the console .
Please visit the - SVPwiki and SVPBookStore
Nov. 4 , 2009 -- Eyeball your food a little longer if you 're looking to shed some pounds , because wolfing it down too fast may make you prone to overeat , a new study shows .
So savor those aromas , relish the meal 's presentation , and do n't just dig in like you 've got to finish it off in a hurry , researchers report in The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism .
Eating a meal quickly puts the kibosh on the release of hormones in the gut that induce feelings of being full , and this can lead to overeating , says study researcher Alexander Kokkinos , MD , PhD , from Laiko General Hospital in Athens , Greece .
In short , eating too fast blocks the release of gut hormones that help make you feel full , and thus you may overeat .
" Most of us have heard that eating fast can lead to food overconsumption and obesity , and in fact some observational studies have supported this notion , " Kokkinos says in a news release .
" Our study provides a possible explanation for the relationship between speed eating and overeating by showing that the rate at which someone eats may impact the release of gut hormones that signal the brain to stop eating . "
Previous studies have shown that the release of gut hormones after a meal acts on the brain and induces feelings of fullness and satisfaction , the researchers note .
But until now , they say , concentrations of appetite - regulating hormones have n't been studied in the context of different rates of eating .
In the study , 17 healthy men consumed the same test meal , 300 milliliters ( about 10 ounces ) of ice cream , at different rates during two separate test sessions .
The duration of one meal was five minutes and the other was 30 minutes .
The researchers took blood samples and measured levels of different gut hormones before the meal and at 30 minute intervals after eating began until the study session ended 210 minutes later .
The scientists conclude that " eating at a physiologically moderate pace leads to a more pronounced anorexigenic gut peptide [ appetite reduction ] response than eating very fast . "
The notion that eating quickly leads to weight gain used to be considered " an old wives ' tale , " the researchers say , but their study suggests there is some truth to it .
" Our findings give some insight into an aspect of modern - day food overconsumption , namely the fact that many people , pressed by demanding working and living conditions , eat faster and in greater amounts than in the past , " Kokkinos says in the news release .
" The warning we were given as children that ' wolfing down your food will make you fat ' may in fact have a physiological explanation . "
For Mr. Obama , the lion ’s - den strategy of addressing a Republican audience reinforced his effort in the State of the Union address this week to reclaim a more bipartisan image and reach out to disaffected independents .
Although he and other presidents have addressed opposition caucuses before , they usually close the doors for questions , but this time the White House insisted on letting the news media record the give and take .
That worked to his benefit as he took advantage of the staging that comes with being president .
He commanded the lectern with the presidential seal and the camera was trained mainly on him , while his interlocutors were forced to look up to him from the audience .
Moreover , Mr. Obama gave long , confident and informed answers and felt free to interrupt questioners , while it is typically harder for others to interrupt a president .
But Republicans said they believed they had achieved a victory as well , demonstrating that while Democrats might not like some of their policy ideas , they had advanced some proposals as evidenced by the president ’s acknowledgment that he had read them and even incorporated some of them into his initiatives .
“ For him to say , ‘ I have read your proposals and they are substantive proposals , ’ that is a huge thing for Republicans , ” Representative Jeff Flake , Republican of Arizona , said afterward .
Just to make the point that they have been more than the party of no , Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio , the House Republican leader , as he introduced the president handed him a booklet called “ Better Solutions ” compiling a variety of Republican ideas that they said the president had ignored or resisted over the last year .
“ We do n’t expect you to agree with us on every one of our solutions , ” Mr. Boehner said , “ but we do hope that you and your administration will consider them . ”
Jonathan Turley paints a very bad picture for these right - wing characters caught trying to break into Mary Landrieu 's phone system , because they may face way over ten years of jail time along with stack counting for their break - in attempt , especially if it 's established they intended bug her lines .
Law enforcement officials need to prosecute O'Keefe and his Watergaters to the fullest extent of the law , because if they do n't , we 're looking at the potential of dozens of O'Keefes who are looking to make a name for themselves on Fox News by trying to smear Democrats and who will break the law to do it .
Andrew Breitbart must be a little nervous today no matter how insipid his defense was of the New Watergaters , because he 's been paying O'Keefe 's salary for his Big Hollywood sites .
Yes , we 're all trying to tamper with the jury pool for O'Keefe .
How much did O'Keefe tamper with the video he used against ACORN , hmmmm ?
Maybe the word " doctored " is better .
The American Prospect has more :
So , for many of you , I ’ve talked about this random game — Black Clover — and you ’re confused as to what it is .
You may have seen it on my Twitter background , you may have heard me talk about it in tweets , and you may have read some of my random descriptions in my blog .
You ’ve been introduced to one of my characters — Xavier Guldstein — but you do n’t really know much about this world or what this game really is .
Well , now that Black Clover is coming closer and closer to being a reality instead of one of my ludicrous fantasies , I feel that I can talk a bit more freely about this project , this pen and paper roleplaying game .
Black Clover is my first professional attempt at a pen and paper roleplaying system .
For a while , the game was going to be nothing more than a modification of Dungeons and Dragons Fourth Edition , running off of Wizard ’s new open gaming license .
However , when that brand new OGL never came through with the release of 4th Edition , I turned away from using the new D&D as a base and began experimenting with my own , deciding to take advantage of the moment and really craft a game that suits my world .
Black Clover is set in what I like to call Gothic fantasy steampunk , where it ’s really a dark mishmash of steampunk values with punk / rock / emo/Victorian fashion .
It ’s a bloody world full of the wonder of invention , the intrigue of a fledgling nation recovering after the destruction caused by a great plague , and a society where heroes barely exist .
It ’s luscious , it ’s twisted , it ’s dark , it ’s gory , and it flirts with the inappropriate constantly .
While it ’s one of my newer fantasy worlds , it ’s quickly risen to be one of my favorites .
The world took off centered around two thoughts in my head one day when I was eating lunch :
One question was , “ What would a world that was obsessed with death be like ? ” while the other one was , “ What would be the most powerful weapon in existence ? ”
The answers came quickly — the world would be dark , corrupted , and the center stage for a few heroes taking on all of the wrongs in the world in a bitter , weak struggle to make things right while the most powerful weapon would be the human soul .
So created was the Black Clover Rifle , a mythical wonder of technology that had the power to distill the essence of the human spirit by siphoning it out of the person through six sharp , wicked hooks attached to the back of the gun .
The energy would be routed through a central chamber containing an odd , onyx gem shaped like a four - leaved clover , where the energy was then dispersed into the barrel of the gun .
Black Clover had two firing options : pulse the trigger quickly to only fire a part of your soul , or hold the trigger down to siphon your soul until you let go … letting the whole thing fire in one gigantic burst .
This was the weapon that finished a war by creating a two - mile wide canyon down the center of the continent for four hundred miles .
This was the gun that destroyed an entire army for the cost of one human life .
This was my world ’s atomic bomb .
Of course , after firing the gun , the weapon and it ’s holder disappeared .
Some say that he and the gun were consumed by the force of the blast , while others still believe the gun survived … hidden out there in Clover Canyon .
If a full burst could obliterate an army , then how powerful could a person be if they only pulled the trigger for a fraction of a second ?
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
So , with this world had to come a brand new way to play roleplaying games .
Carbon copying rules would n’t cut it for this universe ( in addition to being illegal . )
However , I did not want to innovate for the sake of innovation ( and legal reasons . )
Innovating to be innovative gets you nowhere fast — this system had to solve a problem in roleplaying .
Lo and behold , after just one brainstorming session and a suggestion from a few friends , I stumbled over the idea of dynamic statistics instead of the usual static physical characteristics , like strength , dexterity , etc .
With that , the Personality Drive system was born .
Personality Drive is how Black Clover solves a fundamental flaw of pen and paper roleplaying games : rewarding roleplay in a truly meaningful way .
While many games support roleplaying , and we all know how great D&D can be when the people sitting at the table are dedicated to not dicking over the game … some people like to dick over the game .
It ’s hard to roleplay when power gamers are being jerks at the table , rules lawyers are shoving errata down the GM ’s throat , and some people refuse to roleplay — preferring to play the whole game as one giant statistics fest .
How does Black Clover fix this ?
Quite simply — it ties your statistics to your roleplay .
Each stat represents one of the aspects of the personality of your character .
Utilize these aspects in positive ways that your GM believes to be true to your character , and your stats rise .
Act like a dick … and well … you get statistics worthy of being a dick .
The only person you can blame is yourself .
Black Clover rewards you greatly for playing your character by offering you new abilities , new weapon upgrades ( yes , you heard me , you build your weapon from the ground up ) , and better dice rolls .
Character improvement is n’t measured by scores of experience or level — character improvement is measured by character improvement .
As you explore who you are as a character , your abilities increase as you become more sure of what and who you are .
Act in contradicting manners , you ’ll have memories that will haunt you .
This system , while it sounds limiting , really offers a more unique experience by making the player understand that some choices ARE hard decisions .
Heroes do n’t make cavalier decisions when lives are on the line .
Or , will you break your morals to do the right thing , even if it means doing the wrong thing initially ?
Will this power in personality lift you up or smack you down ?
That ’s just one aspect of how this game is very different from your standard roleplaying experience .
Hopefully I ’ve made some of you excited or curious to see more .
Some of you … well you might be a little miffed right now , or baffled as to why I ’d do such a thing with my core statistics .
Trust me when I say that it works out .
🙂
But , I wo n’t be completely sure of that until I enter playtesting … which is n’t for a bit yet .
But , in my initial runs … things look dandy . 😀
Shuttered distilleries that escaped the bulldozers are being reopened , primarily to produce whiskey to be bottled as single malts .
( All distilleries sell some of their output to blenders . )
Glenmorangie , whose own whiskey is the best - selling malt in Scotland , restarted Ardbeg in 1997 ; Gordon & MacPhail refired the stills at Benromach four years earlier .
A new distillery , complete with traditional pagoda - roofed towers , was built on the island of Arran in 1995 .
ALL of that puts history into reverse .
Single malts -- the products of single distilleries made in pot stills similar to those used in Cognac from malted barley dried over peat fires -- were the original Scotch .
Not until the invention of the cheaper , faster columnar or patent still by Aeneas Coffey in 1830 did the Scots begin making spirits from a mixture of malted and unmalted grains .
Lighter and much less robust in taste , these grain whiskeys were and are used to soften the flavors of malts in proprietary blends .
'' The best of the blends have great character and complexity , '' wrote Michael Jackson in his '' Malt Whiskey Companion , '' first published in 1989 , '' but it is a shame so many are so similar , and that for so many years orchestrations drowned out the soloists . ''
Blenders do not disclose the proportions they use , but people in the industry told me that most use 20 to 30 percent malt whiskey and 70 to 80 percent grain .
Premium blends like Johnnie Walker Black Label , Chivas Regal and Famous Grouse contain more , and more mature , malt whiskey .
Most Scots and connoisseurs from other countries drink blends , which are generally less expensive , if they want to mix their whiskey with water or soda in a predinner drink , and take their single malts neat , either before , during or , most commonly , after dinner , like Cognac or Calvados .
The addition of ice to a blend is tolerated as an American eccentricity ; the addition of ice to a single malt is treated as near - sacrilege .
Each malt whiskey has a unique flavor , just as every classed , chateau - bottled claret differs from every other one .
But those distilled in any given region share certain characteristics .
The smokiest , peatiest , most iodinic malts come from Campbeltown , on a West Coast peninsula known as the Mull of Kintyre , whose mists were celebrated by the Beatles , and from Islay ( pronounced EYE - la ) , an island near it .
Springbank is a notable Campbeltown ; Laphroaig , Lagavulin and Ardbeg are classic Islays .
Other islands also produce distinctive flavors .
Talisker , from Skye , delivers the sharp tang of seaweed but also an explosive blast of salt and pepper .
Topics Covered
Text Size A A
The Environmental Protection Agency is strengthening regulation of perfluorinated polymers that contain perfluoroalkyl sulfonates ( PFAS ) , perfluoroalkyl carboxylates ( PFAC ) , fluorinated alcohols called telomers , and perfluoroalkyl moieties that are covalently bonded to a carbon or sulfur atom that is an integral part of the polymer molecule .
These polymers are used to impart stain , oil , and water resistance as well as reduced flammability in carpets and in coatings on paper and fabrics .
According to EPA , these types of polymers may degrade and release fluorinated compounds that are expected to persist in the environment , may bioaccumulate , and may be highly toxic .
Since 1995 , EPA has allowed companies to produce or import most new polymers -- including perfluorinated ones -- without submitting premanufacture notices to the agency .
These notices are required for most other commercial chemicals before they can enter the marketplace .
But makers of polymers , which EPA generally views as stable and nonreactive , can simply inform the agency that their material is exempt from the premanufacture notice requirement .
Now , under a rule finalized on Jan. 27 , EPA is eliminating that exemption for certain perfluorinated polymers .
The new rule affects manufacturers and importers of perfluorinated polymers and applies to such materials that are or were produced under the 1995 exemption and to any new ones that companies want to commercialize .
Manufacturers and importers have choices under the new rule .
One option is for them to submit premanufacture notices for their polymers .
An alternative is to ask EPA for one of two types of ongoing exemptions to the general premanufacture notice requirement for commercial chemicals .
One exemption applies to substances produced in low volumes ; another is for compounds expected to have low rates of release and exposure .
Press Releases
FDIC Board Approves 2010 Operating Budget
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
December 15 , 2009 Media Contact :
Andrew Gray
Office : ( 202 ) 898-7192
Cell : ( 202 ) 494-1049
E-mail : angray@fdic.gov
The Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) today approved a $ 4.0 billion Corporate Operating Budget for 2010 .
The Board also revised the current 2009 budget to $ 2.6 billion .
" The 2010 budget is a prudent and measured response to current conditions in the banking industry , " said FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair .
" It will ensure that we are prepared to handle an even - larger number of bank failures next year , if that becomes necessary , and to provide regulatory oversight for an even larger number of troubled institutions . "
The 2010 operating budget will increase more than $ 1.4 billion ( 55 % ) from 2009 , primarily due to the cyclical nature of bank failures .
The receivership funding component of the 2010 budget , the vast majority of which is funded by receiverships , will be $ 2.5 billion , up from $ 1.3 billion in 2009 .
This includes funding for the continuing work associated with bank failures that have occurred over the past two years .
The budget also contains contingency funding for the possible continuation of an elevated number of bank failures in 2010 .
The 2010 budget increase also is partially attributable to increased supervisory activity related to the rising number of troubled banks which the FDIC oversees .
In conjunction with its approval of the 2010 operating budget , the Board also approved an authorized 2010 staffing level of 8,653 employees , up from 7,010 in 2009 .
Almost all the additional staff will be hired on a temporary basis .
They will be hired primarily to assist with bank closings ; to perform follow - on work related to the management and sale of failed bank assets ; and to conduct bank examinations and perform other bank supervisory activities .
There were 25 bank failures in 2008 and 133 so far this year .
" It is important for the American people to know that none of the increase we are approving today will involve in any way the use of taxpayer funds , " said Chairman Bair .
" All of the FDIC 's operating expenses are paid from the Deposit Insurance Fund — the DIF , which is fully funded by the deposit insurance premiums paid by individual banks around the country . "
Attachment :
Proposed 2010 Operating Budget - PDF ( PDF Help )
# # #
Congress created the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in 1933 to restore public confidence in the nation 's banking system .
The FDIC insures deposits at the nation 's 8,099 banks and savings associations and it promotes the safety and soundness of these institutions by identifying , monitoring and addressing risks to which they are exposed .
The FDIC receives no federal tax dollars – insured financial institutions fund its operations .
FDIC press releases and other information are available on the Internet at www.fdic.gov, by subscription electronically ( go to www.fdic.gov/about/subscriptions/index.html) and may also be obtained through the FDIC's Public Information Center ( 877-275-3342 or 703-562-2200 ) .
PR-228-2009
GENEVA , Switzerland —
The trial of seven imprisoned Baha 'i leaders began today in Iran .
Initial reports indicate that the trial was marked by numerous violations of legal due process .
After about three hours , the hearing ended .
Authorities indicated that today ’s proceeding was merely the “ first session , ” and no date for future sessions was given .
" We understand that no observers were allowed in the court , " said Diane Ala'i , the Baha'i International Community 's representative to the United Nations in Geneva .
" We find this completely outrageous , given that these seven have been held purely because of their religious beliefs , in total contradiction to any human rights standards .
" We understand that even the lawyers had to argue their way inside the court – lawyers who in any case had virtually no access to the accused for nearly two years .
" At the same time , the prisoners ' interrogators from the Ministry of Intelligence and a film crew were seen going in , raising questions about the nature of the trial , " she said .
Ms. Ala'i also noted that an Iranian Web site linked to state - run television posted a story Monday evening announcing that the trial had already begun and listing the same baseless accusations made in the past against the seven .
" In any event , all of these accounts point to a trial that is highly irregular , very similar to the show trials that have been held in Iran in recent months , " she said .
The seven are Mrs. Fariba Kamalabadi , Mr. Jamaloddin Khanjani , Mr. Afif Naeimi , Mr. Saeid Rezaie , Mrs. Mahvash Sabet , Mr. Behrouz Tavakkoli , and Mr. Vahid Tizfahm .
All but one of the group were arrested on 14 May 2008 at their homes in Tehran .
Mrs. Sabet was arrested on 5 March 2008 while in Mashhad .
They have been held in Tehran 's Evin prison ever since , spending their first year there without formal charges or any access to lawyers .
" Whatever happens , it is clear that the trial of these seven innocent people represents the trial of an entire religious community , and is an attempt to further intimidate and ostracize all Iranian Baha 'is simply because they hold a different religious viewpoint from those in power . "
Note :
The headline and article were updated at 9 p.m. on 12 January 2010 ( Geneva time ) .
According to the Commerce Department , personal income climbed 0.4 % during November , which is the largest increase in the past six months .
Additionally , personal spending increased by a modest 0.5 % in November as well .
While itâ€™s good to see these numbers increasing , it should be noted that the gains in both personal income and personal spending came in below economistsâ€™ expectations .
The personal savings rate came in at 4.7 % of disposable income for November , which is the same percentage as October .
Back during the boom years , when home prices were skyrocketing and credit was easy to come by , it was not unusual to see the personal savings rate come in at negative number , meaning people were spending more than they were bringing in .
However , as the recession took hold , credit became harder to obtain and consumers started to restock their savings , causing the personal savings rate to climb back to a much more comfortable and economically sustainable percentage .
While this reverse in saving habits likely made the economic downturn slightly worse due to the fact consumer spending makes up about 70 % of the United Statesâ€ ™ GDP , in the long run it is whatâ€™s best for a healthy economy .
Savings helps to foster investment and real , sustainable growth across the entire economy , not just in consumption driven areas .
Kingwood Texas Family Law Attorney
Family Lawyer and Mediator
Family Law ♦ Personal Injury ♦ Wills and Probate
At the law firm of H. Steven Byers , we are here to help our clients successfully navigate the waters surrounding legal matters directly affecting families :
Divorce and related matters : child support , child custody and visitation , property division , alimony ( spousal support ) , enforcement of court orders , modifications
and related matters : , and visitation , , ( spousal support ) , , modifications Personal injury and wrongful death : car crashes , truck wrecks , bicycle and pedestrian accidents
and : car crashes , truck wrecks , bicycle and pedestrian accidents Wills and probate
Contact us to schedule a consultation regarding family law , estate planning or an accidental bodily injury or fatality .
Navigating Legal Matters In High - Stress Circumstances
Our clients are often dealing with high - stress situations involving marital break - ups , parent - child relationships , accidental or natural death in the family or hospitalization of accident victims .
The outcome may impact your financial security and your parent - child relationships for a lifetime .
For more than 30 years Steven Byers Attorney at Law has helped families through these difficult times .
Contact us to schedule a consultation and learn how to deal with your specific concerns .
Whether in negotiations before a divorce , representation during family law mediation or in relation to enforcement or modification after it is finalized , our Texas lawyer is well qualified to inform , guide , counsel and assist .
Writing wills , taking estates through probate and helping injured Texans recover compensation are all things that we do with care and precision for our clients .
At the law offices of H. Steven Byers , Attorney at Law & Mediator , a client 's concerns are our concerns .
We understand and work with clients to help bring about satisfactory resolutions to their legal matters , reflecting their goals :
Often , married people wish to complete divorce settlement negotiations in a peaceful , amicable manner .
When this approach is realistically attainable , we are prepared to represent clients cost - effectively and efficiently in mediation .
We understand that parents are concerned about their children 's well - being during and after a marital split .
Our experience enables us to counsel parents through child support and child custody matters with a focus on the best interests of the child .
We know that people who have suffered injury or lost loved ones in traffic accidents need prompt , fair compensation — and we work hard to help bring this outcome about in a timely manner .
Individuals , couples and families need help understanding and implementing the best ways to preserve and pass on assets at the end of life .
We take the time necessary to understand clients ' goals before drafting and finalizing wills , and when representing families in probate .
Client Reviews
Divorce
Lawyer Steven Byers is a certified mediator , especially well qualified to guide family law clients through the mediation process .
Whatever your legal concern , contact his law firm to schedule a consultation .
Steven is an experienced , knowledgable and compassionate advocate .
Steven handled my divorce case promptly and professionally .
He returned my calls and emails quickly and guided me through the divorce process very well .
I would highly recommend Steven as your advocate .
- Allen
Divorce matter
I hired Steve for a divorce matter .
he was great at explaining the details of the the way the court stuff worked .
He took his time and answered all my questions and really helped take the edge off a bad situation .
He really knows about divorce law .
He even helped me with rights I did n't even know I had .
He was a great help at a bad time in my life .
thanks Steve .
- Anonymous
An Absolute Pleasure to Work With ...
I think my Review Title says a lot for an attorney !
Have you ever worked with an attorney before ?
We have !
It 's normally NOT a pleasurable experience , especially if you are looking for an attorney for the 1st time .
It 's a frightening and overwhelming experience !
Through our many experiences with Steven Byers , on many different legals issues , we have found that he is very compassionate and efficient about every situation .
He walks you through each process step - by - step , speaks to you in terms that you can understand and more importantly answers any and all questions you may have no matter if they are big or small .
He is also very compassionate , which is very hard to find in an attorney !
Mr. Byers also has an outstanding support staff !
They are always courteous and eager to help !
Mr. Byers and his entire office is an absolute pleasure to work with !
I have recommended H. Steven Byers many times to my family , friends , co-workers , etc .
- Deborah
Family law case
Mr Buyers and his assistant are very kind and genuine people who were more than willing to go the extra mile and meet my needs .
Mr. Buyers is understanding and very professional yet personal and I appreciate him very much !!
- anonymous
H. Steven Byers
I believe Mr. Byers did a good job handling my divorce case .
This was my first go with a lawyer , but he seemed to know what he was talking about .
My phone calls and emails were promptly returned in a timely fashion .
Overall , I was happy with my outcome .
- anonymous
Divorce and Last Will & Testament
I have hired Mr Byers on several occasions to represent me in divorce cases as well as creating my last will and testament .
His legal expertise , knowledge and client side manner really helped me in my times of need .
He is a considerate person who works for you , gets the job done and does n't charge an arm or a leg in legal fees during the process .
I highly recommend him based on my experiences and success .
- Ross
Deceased Sister - in - Law's Will
Gave us great advise - Represented us in Probate - Finished all legal paperwork to finalize the Will .
- Richard
35 + Years of Experience
WASHINGTON  President Obama vowed Wednesday night not to give up on his ambitious legislative agenda , using his first State of the Union address to chastise Republicans for working in lock - step against him and to warn Democrats to stiffen their political spines .
Mr. Obama appealed for an end to the “ tired old battles ” that have divided the country and stalled his efforts on Capitol Hill .
He promised to focus intently on the issue of most immediate concern to the nation , jobs .
And with his top priority , a health care overhaul , delayed in the wake of the recent Republican Senate victory in Massachusetts , he offered a pointed message to both parties .
“ To Democrats , I would remind you that we still have the largest majority in decades , and the people expect us to solve some problems , not run for the hills , ” Mr. Obama said in his nationally televised speech .
“ And if the Republican leadership is going to insist that 60 votes in the Senate are required to do any business at all in this town  a supermajority  then the responsibility to govern is now yours as well .
Just saying no to everything may be good short - term politics , but it ’s not leadership . ”
Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. underscored that criticism , and the emotion behind it , on Thursday .
He said that both he and the president were frustrated by " the obstructionist ways of the United States Senate on the part of the Republicans requiring 60 votes , a supermajority , for virtually every single solitary initiative we 've had . "
WASHINGTON  President Obama has taken full control of the health care negotiations , casting himself for the first time in the role of mediator between the House and Senate during a 72 - hour marathon of talks that have turned his White House into a de facto Congressional conference .
Mr. Obama spent more than six hours with Democratic leaders on Wednesday , slipping in and out of health care talks to coordinate a response to the earthquake in Haiti .
He spent much of Thursday in health care talks , ducking out in the evening to address House Democrats and attend his daughter Malia ’s band recital ( she plays flute ) and then returning to the negotiating table until 1 a.m. , shortly before the group recessed for the night .
He was back at it Friday afternoon , holed up once again in the Cabinet Room from 1 p.m. to 3:45 p.m. , at which point the White House announced that Mr. Obama was done holding or attending health care meetings , at least for now  a signal that officials are waiting for cost analysis from the Congressional Budget Office .
“ It was always our sense that once the bills were passed that he would have to play a much more direct role in helping work out the details , ” his senior adviser , David Axelrod , said in an interview , as the talks went on down the hall from his West Wing office .
“ This has been a prodigious task from start to finish ; we knew it would be . ”
Josef Albers , Skyscrapers on Transparent Yellow ( c. 1929 ) © 2009 The Josef and Anni Albers Foundation / Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , New York
T he Bauhaus lasted exactly as long as Germany ’s Weimar Republic ( 1919 – 1933 ) and is its principal cultural achievement .
But the revolutionary school of art and design is also an achievement of modernism itself , for it answered a most vexing question :
Was it possible to make a viable institution out of a movement that had arisen out of conflict with institutional authority , and which drew its focus , vitality , and sense of purpose from that conflict ?
Merely to demolish one bastion of academic authority , such as the imperious École des Beaux Arts , and to replace it with another would hardly have been worth the struggle .
One forgets that modernism before the Bauhaus was a volatile , many - sided , centrifugal affair and that there was little reason to believe that its various factions and groupings — whether Cubist , Futurist , or Constructivist — could ever make common cause .
At times , their insistence on stylistic orthodoxy could rival that of the École ( one thinks of El Lissitzky and Malevich purging Chagall from the Vitebsk School of Art ) .
Yet the Bauhaus , by enforcing no aesthetic conformity and by promulgating no official style , proved to all that a modernist institution need not repeat the failings of its academic predecessors .
Such an omnivorous and receptive stance was perhaps only possible in Germany , which , historically , had been accustomed to draw on the lessons of France , Italy , and elsewhere and to mix the results freely .
Whatever the reasons , the Bauhaus demonstrated that modernism could function as a collective enterprise in an institutional setting , and still give the student the widest scope for individual expression .
It is this extraordinary achievement that has created the mythic Bauhaus of the imagination , a shrine where artists toiled away in happy accord , savoring the idyllic fellowship of the guild — much as the eighteenth century had imagined Periclean Athens , or the nineteenth the great cathedral - building lodges of the Middles Ages .
Of course it was nothing of the sort .
During its brief existence , the Bauhaus was in a state of ceaseless , tumultuous change .
It had three homes — Weimar , Dessau , and Berlin — and three directors , each of whom experimented restlessly with the curriculum as faculty came and went .
Over time , its ethos shifted dramatically from a singular blend of Expressionist sentiment and Arts and Crafts practice to an emphasis on machine production and standardization .
As the school matured , it quickly grew in self - confidence and sense of institutional mission , especially among the faculty , which took on a double - distilled intensity when former students such as Marcel Breuer , Joseph Albers , and Herbert Bayer were added to the roster .
Now came the most sweeping and radical proposals , as the Bauhaus raised its sights from the transformation of the young art student to the comprehensive transformation of the world itself , from its cities and houses to the typography of books and advertisements .
For the historian , then , the Bauhaus is a moving target , and there is no point in its fourteen - year life when it existed in anything like a definitive form .
This is one of the insights of “ Bauhaus 1919 – 1933 : Workshops for Modernity , ” the spellbinding exhibition now at the Museum of Modern Art .
Although it topples a good many cherished myths , and does so with patent glee , it cannot properly be called revisionist for there has never been a lucid and comprehensive presentation of the Bauhaus to revise .
Every previous exhibition , including with MOMA ’s own path - breaking 1938 show , has been able to present only a selected aspect , the inevitable consequence of the dispersal of the Bauhaus collections following Hitler ’s rise to power , world war , and the subsequent division between East and West Germany .
Last summer , these collections were reunited in an important installation at the Martin - Gropius - Bau in Berlin , marking the ninetieth anniversary of the founding of the Bauhaus ( and the twentieth of the fall of the Berlin Wall , which made the exhibition possible ) .
But even this mammoth show , with over one thousand choice objects , offered a skewed picture , for it lacked the all - important paintings that , for the most part , had made their way out of Germany just ahead of Hitler ’s grasp .
The lion ’s share is at MOMA , which did not permit them to travel .
As a result , the current show , though smaller than that in Berlin ( about 420 objects ) , enjoys the odd distinction of being both a boldly revisionist look at the Bauhaus as well as its first truly comprehensive presentation .
“ B auhaus 1919 – 1933 ” is dominated by its superb trove of paintings , which do much to correct the popular misunderstanding that the Bauhaus was a school of architecture .
The mistake is pardonable : its first and third directors were Walter Gropius and Ludwig Mies van der Rohe , two of the most influential modern architects .
But architecture did not become a formal part of the curriculum until 1927 , quite late in the game .
The bulk of teaching at the Bauhaus was done by its painters — and painters of the first water , including Paul Klee and Wassily Kandinsky .
The Bauhaus did not use its painters in the customary manner , i.e. , to teach in painting studios .
Bauhaus pedagogy was centered on the workshop where students were instructed in specific crafts , such as ceramics , weaving , or furniture making , by an artisan ( Handwerkmeister ) who taught materials and technique and an artist ( Formmeister ) who taught design .
Emphasis was placed on hands - on learning , along the lines laid out a century earlier by the German educator Friedrich Froebel , the inventor of the Kindergarten who also created its famous “ gifts , ” a sequence of increasingly complex blocks that acquainted children with tools for perceiving the world , and in which intellectual and tactile learning were simultaneous and inseparable .
Transferred to adult students , the principle was the same , with the idea that the abstract lessons learned in one craft might be transferred readily to another , abolishing traditional divisions between artistic media .
The assignments that the Bauhaus thrust upon its painters still beggar belief — Klee taught bookbinding and Albers cabinetry ; only in the Italian Renaissance , with its belief in disegno , do we find anything like this will to overthrow the guild - enforced walls that divide artistic media and segregate fine art from the applied arts .
One of the most distressing aspects of modern museology is the tendency to treat exhibitions as books on walls ( and verbose ones at that ) .
But the curators here are pleasingly laconic with their labels .
The objects are generally permitted to speak for themselves , or more precisely , among themselves , for there is an uncanny degree of felicitous juxtaposition .
The exhibition moves through the Bauhaus ’s three homes , Weimar ( 1919 – 1925 ) , Dessau ( 1925 –1932 ) , and Berlin ( 1932 –1933 ) , each of which had its own distinctive visual sensibility so that the architectural projects of 1920 , for example , share a much more palpable sense of kinship with the furniture and painting of the era than they do with the architecture five years later .
This gives the show a fine sense of propulsion , an elusive quality in exhibition design .
A lthough founded by Gropius , the Bauhaus was shaped in its formative years by Johannes Itten , a painter of mystic propensities who shaved his head and regularly began his classes by directing his students in yoga exercises .
Itten ’s curriculum not only eliminated such academic conventions as drawing from antique casts but even life drawing ( presumably this veered perilously close to the history of art , Michelangelo and Phidias lurking somewhere behind ) .
In place of the other disciplines , he established the revolutionary Vorkurs , the preliminary course in which color , line , and form were taught in the abstract and without any reference to existing art , or to anything else for that matter .
This remains a staple of art education throughout the world and is easily the Bauhaus ’s most enduring innovation .
The opening room of the exhibition captures the Bauhaus in its Expressionist infancy and is pervaded by Itten ’s inspirational personality .
Painted a subdued gold ( its colors are derived , like all of the rooms here , from the masters ’ houses at the Bauhaus compound in Dessau ) , it has the chromatic splendor one normally associates with Byzantine art .
Its objects are bewilderingly eclectic : a student project by Breuer for a so - called “ African chair ” ( 1921 ) upholstered in an luxuriant brocade of gold , silk , and hemp ; a design for a coffin lid painting with a stylized figure of a woman , composed entirely of blue and gold circles ; a wooden airplane propeller , carved into a cubist sculpture of facets and curves and looking bafflingly like an early study for the Chrysler Building .
Any one of them could have been placed on a pedestal , turned face - front , and made to serve as an icon .
Even an architectural drawing of a proposed Bauhaus compound ( 1920 ) is rendered as a luridly colored tribal shield , its buildings positioned so as to suggest an abstract eagle .
In this room one confronts a little - known incarnation of the Bauhaus , that of a shattered civilization with an acute hunger for spiritual solace , and seeking it in effigies , idols , and hieratic totems .
Four years later , not a speck of this remained .
By 1923 , Expressionist experimentation was jettisoned in favor of geometric rigor as László Moholy - Nagy joined the faculty , bringing a predilection for the strenuous geometry of Constructivism .
At the same moment , Gropius directed the Bauhaus to begin manufacturing products for sale to the public — a necessity for an institution entirely dependent on government subventions , but one that inevitably sacrificed the school ’s experimental orientation to commercial considerations .
Itten resigned in disgust .
Here the familiar Bauhaus comes into focus , with its program of subjecting every aspect of modern life to sober and rational analysis , from chairs and table lamps to book design and even typography , wherein letter forms were characteristically generated by a controlling grid ( serifs were a vestige of handwriting and deemed too Expressionist ) .
Currency itself was made rational and purged of its iconography and cartouches : one of the most revealing objects in the show is a sober one - hundred - million mark bill , designed by Bayer and issued during the hyperinflation of 1923 .
Even this Bauhaus did not stand still : its final years were different yet again , as Mies took over the directorship in 1930 .
For the first time , the school had examinations and a formalized six - semester curriculum .
It was under his perfectionist administration that the most terrifying images in the entire exhibition were made , although they are so quiet and innocuous and bland as to be overlooked at first .
These are the projects by Ludwig Hilberseimer and his students for an infinitely “ extendable house , ” in which a modular housing unit was replicated until it spread out to the edges of the horizon , in an inflexible and pitiless grid .
Here is the source of much of the utopian urban planning that , carried by Bauhaus refugees , came to remake America ’s cities after the war .
But the same Cartesian coordinates that are so stimulating when applied to textiles or chess sets take on a rather different aspect when the grid grows larger than the individual , who shrinks into a speck .
Bauhaus left its mark on German cities as well , and not only after the war .
The breathtaking absolutism of Hilberseimer ’s proposals was not irreconcilable with National Socialism , and a good many Bauhaus pupils made their way into Nazi service .
One of the surprises of the exhibition ( to me at least ) is that the familiar story that the Nazis closed the Bauhaus is not entirely true .
As it happened , the Gestapo actually authorized its continuation , just so long as certain conditions were met ( in particular , no more Kandinsky ) .
In the end , it was economic hardship rather than outright prohibition that closed the Bauhaus .
L ike one of those Sicilian wines that one is able to drink only in Sicily , the Bauhaus could not travel .
Its dispersed faculty took leading positions at such American schools as Harvard ( Gropius ) , Yale ( Albers ) , and the Illinois Institute of Technology ( Mies van der Rohe ) , and continue to enjoy unparalleled prestige there .
In short order , much of American architectural and artistic education was reorganized along Bauhaus lines .
Even the publications that acquainted Americans with the Bauhaus implicitly instructed them in its rhythms and visual imperatives .
( Bayer designed both the 1938 MOMA exhibition and its catalogue as well as Siegfried Giedion ’s widely influential Space , Time and Architecture of 1941 . )
While its refugees instituted as much of what they could of Bauhaus methodology and practice , they were unable to recreate it as it was .
For one thing , the humor did not survive the Atlantic crossing , nor did the palpable joy in handcraftsmanship .
The sheer tactile delight in the technical mastery of a trade remains a staple of the cultural life of Germany , where one still sees journeymen on their Wanderjahren , wearing their traditional bellbottoms and earrings .
It is , however , not a conspicuous element in American culture or industry .
Moreover , American students are more professionally oriented and expected to be prepared for a specific career , such as architecture or painting .
And so it came to pass that the Bauhaus , which through its life had been a fluid and changing thing , hardened first into a style and then into a symbol .
Of course , this has always been broadly characteristic in the American reception of European artistic impulses , which are typically detached from the cultural conditions that produced them and arrive merely as fashionable visual systems .
Neither American Impressionism nor American modernism in the wake of the 1913 Armory Show had any connection to the powerful social and political currents that originally brought them forth .
But perhaps more importantly , the Bauhaus came in America at a quite different cultural moment than in Germany .
It had originally emerged at a time of cultural release , in the euphoria following the First World War , and it flourished in the widening scope of life that opened up during the course of the 1920s .
It settled in America after 1933 at a rather opposite time , marked by economic crisis and cultural uncertainty .
Rather than a footloose laboratory of possibilities in a modern world , it came instead as an urgent remedy to a patient in dire need .
Hence its aura of intent purposefulness , and somewhat parched and humorless quality .
( According to the late historian William Jordy , the only American trace of the anarchic and open - ended Bauhaus in its early years may have been that product of Albers ’s short - lived Black Mountain College , the freewheeling Robert Rauschenberg . )
Such are the thoughts raised by this lovely and unusually provocative exhibition .
Of special note is the handsome catalogue , with essays by the curators Barry Bergdoll and Leah Dickerman , that performs heroically in conveying the show ’s visual sumptuousness .
It is rounded out by thirty - one catalogue entries , all consistently fresh and rewarding ( without the duds that frequently sneak their way into these group projects ) .
The last of the entries is of special value , a semester - by - semester chronicle of the Bauhaus throughout its existence , recording every change in faculty , curriculum , and administration , giving the number of female and male students enrolled for each semester ( fifty - eight and one hundred forty - three , respectively , at the time of the 1929 Crash ) , and relating these changes to events in Germany and the wider world .
T he exhibition is a well - deserved triumph for Bergdoll , who , in 2006 , was appointed MOMA ’s chief curator of architecture and design .
Although a gifted historian of architecture ( his monograph on Karl Friedrich Schinkel is the best work on its subject ) , Bergdoll has a conspicuous gift for the imaginative display of objects , without the historian ’s weakness for using them as il - lusrations in a history lecture .
All this is abundantly in evidence in “ Bauhaus : 1919 – 1933 . ”
At the same time , the exhibition is a landmark for MOMA itself , which was founded in 1929 at least in part on the cooperative model of the Bauhaus .
Over the decades MOMA ’s various departments have tended to retreat into their institutional fastnesses , preferring exhibitions of a monographic nature and working within those categories of genre that the Bauhaus had once sought to abolish .
But with its broadly synthetic approach and high degree of interdepartmental collaboration , “ Bauhaus 1919 – 1933 ” reverts to the institution ’s original cooperative model .
It is an unusual example of an exhibition that works at two levels : the physical contents of the show demonstrate the extraordinary aesthetic achievement of the Bauhaus and the cooperative enterprise that went into making the show is a living example of Bauhaus principles in action .
One should plan two visits , spaced somewhat apart , to do justice to this exceptionally gratifying offering .
The Supreme Court may have ruled in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission days ago , but the decision ’s shockwaves are still rippling across American democracy .
Key among them is a concern first raised by Justice John Paul Stevens , who wrote in his dissent that the court , by removing all prohibitions against corporate or union money in U.S. elections , “ would appear to afford the same protection to multinational corporations controlled by foreigners as to individual Americans . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I guess this would be the corporate globalization of the U.S. electoral system , ” a blogger for watchdog group The Sunlight Foundation opined .
RELATED : 41 industry leaders call on Congress to halt corporate ‘ bribery ’
In other words , The Sunlight Foundation noted , the Supreme Court “ might support allowing foreign companies to spend freely in elections in the United States . ”
“ A majority of large businesses are now owned by foreign entities , and this means international corporations could pour tons of money into the United States political scene , potentially swaying the political climate , ” added Newsweek .
The Center for Public Integrity specifically highlights foreign - owned corporations which operate U.S. - based subsidiaries .
The group focused on CITGO Petroleum Company , purchased by Venezuela ’s state - run oil firm Petróleos de Venezuela in 1990 .
Through the association , Venezuelan socialist leader Hugo Chavez might conceivably “ spend government funds to defeat an American political candidate , just by having CITGO buy TV ads bashing his target . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ And it ’s not just Chavez , ” the Center continued .
“ The Saudi government owns Houston ’s Saudi Refining Company and half of Motiva Enterprises .
Lenovo , which bought IBM ’s PC assets in 2004 , is partially owned by the Chinese government ’s Chinese Academy of Sciences .
And Singapore ’s APL Limited operates several U.S. port operations .
A weakening of the limit on corporate giving could mean China , Saudi Arabia , Singapore , and any other country that owns companies that operate in the U.S. could also have significant sway in American electioneering . ”
President Barack Obama , in his weekly YouTube address on Saturday , blasted the court ’s decision , saying that it “ strikes at our democracy itself . ”
He has ordered Congress to “ develop a forceful response ” to the court ’s move , but Newsweek notes that a significant reformation of U.S. election law may not be in place before the 2010 mid-term elections .
“ If we do nothing then I think you can kiss your country goodbye , ” Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - FL ) told RAW STORY hours after the court ’s decision was announced .
“ You wo n’t have any more senators from Kansas or Oregon , you ’ll have senators from Cheekies and Exxon .
Maybe we ’ll have to wear corporate logos like Nascar drivers . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Anticipating the court ’s decision , Grayson has filed six bills to reform campaign finance .
The bills have names like the Business Should Mind Its Own Business Act and the Corporate Propaganda Sunshine Act .
The first slaps a 500 percent excise tax on corporate spending on elections , and the second mandates businesses to disclose their attempts to influence elections .
More details are available on the congressman ’s Web site .
ADVERTISEMENT
A prior version of this story misattributed a quote from The Sunlight Foundation .
Posted on by chillguy33
Photo : The Astute Bloggers , Australian Professor / Politician . . .
By subverting science in violation of the the public trust , and perpetrating a massive fraud on the world , IPCC and warmists have long subverted the democratic process .
Nevertheless , it has always been predictible that further , more extreme sanctions against freedom , capitalism , and democracy should be applied by warmists .
Gore has long advocated lying and exaggeration on the part of warmists ; James Hansen and others have urged violence and civil disobedience .
The next step for warmists ?
In the absence of any warming at all , they advocate the suspension of democracy itself , to stop global warming .
There is no lie bizarre enough to discourage warmists from using it ; their end of controlling Earth justifies any means , which chant has a familiar ring to it .
Carbon dioxide in atmosphere continues to increase ; but there is no warming .
With every day of diminished solar activity and lengthening of cycle 23 , it becomes more likely that Earth is going to get really cold .
The same fools , ignorant of history , will use that as an excuse to take control of Earth , too .
They need and demand control ; everybody else should be equal and without power , except for them .
No more self - government for the masses .
Every crises is an excuse to do foolish things , as Obama has emphasized .
H/T : The Astute Bloggers Australian Professor / Politician Calls For “ Suspension of Democratic Processes ” As Solution To “ Deniers ”
Bandwagon fully loaded
Andrew Bolt
Herald Sun
November 18 , 2009 [ … ]
Hypocrite of the month Professor Clive Hamilton , now the Greens ’ candidate for the Victorian seat vacated by former Treasurer Peter Costello , wins for blind persistence .
Observe .
Hamilton complains : “ The Right has jettisoned science in favour of deeper beliefs . ”
But this same Hamilton preaches : “ So I think where we ’re going is to begin to see a Gaian earth in its ecological , cybernetic way , infused with some notion of mind or soul or chi , which will transform our attitudes to it away from an instrumentalist one , towards an attitude of greater reverence . ”
Again .
Hamilton complains : “ Climate change is the most important arena for the long - running culture war of the neo-conservatives .
In pursuit of their goals they have tapped into primitive fears . ”
But this same Hamilton preaches : “ I can not see any alternative to ramping up the fear factor . ”
This week he showed what he meant , claiming if “ climate deniers ” won , then “ hundreds of millions of mostly impoverished people … would die ” .
This made these “ deniers ” – he named me – not just “ more dangerous ” than Holocaust deniers , but over time “ more iniquitous ” and “ morally worse ” .
If fact , he threatens a “ suspension of democratic processes ” to deal with such opposition .
So give that man the prize … while we ’re still allowed . [ … ]
Carpetbagger of the month The United Nations wins by billions .
It ’s asking Australia to sign a treaty in Copenhagen next month that in its draft commits all rich countries to pay 0.7 per cent of their GDP each year – which for Australia means handing over $ 7 billion a year as our “ carbon debt ” .
This is cash that the UN , infamous for its oil - for - food corruption scandal , will pass on to countries such as China , minus handling fees , to help them cope with global warming .
Or something .
What makes this demand so brazen is that the UN has repeatedly asked for this same 0.7 per cent of our wealth – but each time with a different excuse .
In 1970 , the UN called on rich countries such as Australia to give 0.7 per cent of their wealth to the Third World – minus those handling fees- to ensure “ human dignity ” .
In 2002 , it called on rich countries such as Australia to hand over that 0.7 per cent for “ development ” and to “ protect and restore the health and integrity of the Earth ’s ecosystem ” .
In 2004 , the UN called on us to pay that 0.7 per cent to ensure “ collective security ” and a “ more secure world ” .
In 2005 , the UN told us to hand over that 0.7 per cent to ensure “ millennium development goals ” and fight poverty .
No go again .
So the UN is going for broke at Copenhagen , demanding once more that 0.7 per cent from us , but this time to prevent “ serious adverse effects of climate change ” .
To save the world .
And this time your Prime Minister says we ’ll pay a “ fair share ” .
It worked !
Naturally , material demands of the “ warmists , ” ( er , Marxists ) , ultimately is at the root .
Story continues here : Bandwagon Fully Loaded
The Astute Blogger – Pastorious , remarks :
The AGW movement , and the Green Movement out of which it came , are Trojan Horses which are being used to introduce Socialist ideas into Western political systems .
This AGW movement has little to do with science , and a lot to do with Communism and Totalitarianism .
And , people like Clive Hamilton are evidence of that .
Naturally , Clive Hamilton ’s work prominently criticizes capitalism and consumerism .
Hamilton is the unethical Professor of Public Ethics at Centre for Applied Philosophy and Public Ethics ( CAPPE )
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Uncategorized |
Olli Jokinen was once the darling of certain Oilers message boards and blogs , and was the topic of conversation around more than one Edmonton water cooler .
He was the " big scoring center " that would compete against other dominant centers in the Western Conference and bring back the glory to the Oilers .
He 's a man of size , skill and the dreaded " potential " , and though he did n't use the size well , displayed the skill only in bursts and never lived up to his potential , and the Oilers already had a tough minutes outscoring number one center in Shawn Horcoff , Northern Alberta wanted him as their number one pivot .
Jokinen 's shortcomings and deficiencies were explained away as a lack of quality teammates , and given solid linemates like Ales Hemsky , Jokinen would thrive as a number one center in the West .
Unfortunately , there was never any evidence that Jokinen was able to take on that role .
In Florida he was given the second - toughs assignment and could n't manage to stay above water .
The more affordable and less heralded Stephen Weiss was taking on the tough minutes and outscoring them .
He arrived in Phoenix to much fanfare , yet could n't handle the tough minutes .
Wayne Gretzky gave Martin Hanzal the tough assignments and starting positions and Jokinen got the second minutes and easy starting assignments .
They were both outscored by approximately the same rate .
At the trade deadline last year , Flames General Manager Darryl Sutter decided he needed a big scoring center in order to bring the Stanley Cup home to Calgary .
Sutter shipped away a promising young center , Matthew Lombardi , and a draft pick for Jokinen 's services over the last nineteen games of the season plus the 2009 - 2010 season at a cap hit of $ 5,250,000 .
The Flames were in first place in the Northwest at the time with a 38 - 19 - 4 - 2 record , ten points in front of Vancouver .
The Flames stumbled down the stretch with their new number one center , going 8 - 11 and squandering their ten point lead as Vancouver . roared to a division title .
Jokinen had 8 goals and 7 assists for 15 points as a Flame but , in typical Jokinen fashion , ended up a - 7 .
Any goodwill that remained from the trade was gone when Calgary was dispatched in the first round of the playoffs by the Blackhawks , 4 - 2 .
via www.sportslogos.net
SB Nation 's Oilers vs Flames coverage
Matchsticks and Gasoline
This year , Jokinen continues to disappoint Calgary fans , though not at even strength as he 's again facing second minutes but he 's finally figured out a way to break even against that level of competition .
The guys at Matchsticks and Gasoline might argue that breaking even against second minutes is not good enough for a $ 5,000,000 center .
It 's been Jokinen 's play with a man advantage that has torpedoed the Flames power play , and a team as short on forward depth as Calgary cannot afford to play poorly on special teams .
Calgary 's power play ranks 23rd in the NHL at 16.4 % .
It 's the one area where Edmonton fans can point and laugh at Calgary this year as Edmonton 's power play is 11th in the NHL at 19 % .
If Calgary were operating at Edmontonian levels , they'd have five more goals on the season .
Using the outstanding Gabriel Desjardins ' microstats analysis site Behind The Net , we can take a look at the Flames ' 5 - on - 4 stats in 2009 - 2010 shows just how poor Jokinen 's performance has been among all Flames forwards with at least one minute of power play time per sixty minutes .
Jokinen is second - to - last in goals per 60 , last in goals for on per 60 , first in goals for off per 60 , and last in goals for differential .
In the NHL this year , there are 175 forwards that average more than two minutes per sixty on the power play .
Olli Jokinen ranks 163rd in GFON / 60 .
Matthew Lombardi ranks 40th at 8.02 .
Noted Oilers ' power play scapegoat Shawn Horcoff ranks 118th at 5.95 , and that 's without the benefit of the team 's best power play forward for the last 30 games .
Trading for Jokinen robbed the Flames of Matthew Lombardi's youth and $ 3,400,000 worth of valuable salary cap space that could have been used for forward depth .
Calgary minus Jokinen plus Lombardi , Manny Malhotra and Alex Tanguay is a frightening spectre .
Though Flames fans might not want to hear it , the best thing for the team in the long run is that the Flames fall completely out of the playoff race .
It would force Sutter to deal Jokinen ( maybe he can find a like - minded sucker to surrender a promising young center ) and restore some youth and cap room in Calgary .
C’est à Watford , située au nord - ouest de Londres , qu’ont été tournés « Star Wars Episode 1 : la menace fantôme « , ainsi que la série de films inspirés de la saga « Harry Potter « .
C’est aussi à Watford que les parents se voient aujourd ’hui interdire d’accompagner leurs enfants dans les deux principales aires de jeux municipales … sauf s’ils démontrent qu’ils ne sont pas pédophiles .
En octobre dernier , l’administration britannique lançait une vaste campagne de fichage des enseignants , infirmières , dentistes , pharmaciens , entraîneurs sportifs , gardiens de prison , chefs scout , parents faisant du soutien ou accompagnant leurs enfants lors des sorties scolaires … et tout autre citoyen en contact avec des « personnes vulnérables « , soit un Britannique sur six .
Objectif : croiser leurs antécédents judiciaires avec leurs modes de vie et relations actuelles , pour jauger de leur bonne moralité , et les autoriser ( ou non ) à être en contact avec des enfants , malades , handicapés , etc. ( voir Présomption de pédophilie ) .
En prévision de cette campagne massive de fichage préventif , le conseil municipal de Watford envoyait un courrier , mi-septembre , à quelques 300 foyers .
Il y était précisé que les parents ne seraient désormais plus autorisés à entrer , avec leurs enfants , dans les deux principales aires de jeux prévues pour les 5 - 15 ans , sauf s’ils acceptaient , eux aussi , de faire l’objet d’une telle enquête de moralité démontrant qu’ils ne sont pas pédophiles .
« Laissez entrer nos parents ! »
Le Watford Observer , le Daily Telegraph et le Sun rapportent les propos offusqués de plusieurs mères de famille , choquées de voir que les parents sont désormais traités et perçus comme des « pédophiles potentiels « , qui ne voient pas comment les trois employés du parc seraient plus à même qu’elles de garantir la sécurité de leurs enfants , et qui ne comprennent pas pourquoi , tout simplement , on leur interdit ainsi de jouer avec leurs propres enfants …
En réponse , Dorothy Thornhill , maire de Watford , leur rétorque que les aires de jeux pour enfants et adolescents « ne sont pas des lieux de rencontre pour adultes « , qu’il existe 40 autres parcs où les parents peuvent emmener leurs petits enfants , et qu’elle ne fait jamais que suivre les recommandations du gouvernement , qui veut interdire tout contact rapproché entre enfants et adultes non fichés …
Rappelant que les employés de ces aires de jeux avaient , eux , dûment été autorisés à travailler avec des enfants , la maire déplore également le fait que ces « play rangers » ( sic ) passaient plus de temps à s’inquiéter de ce que faisaient les parents avec leurs enfants qu’à surveiller et encadrer ces derniers …
Les autorités britanniques ont depuis rappelé que jamais elles n’avaient cherché à interdire aux parents de rester avec leurs propres enfants , ni à les faire suivre ou surveiller par des adultes dûment autorisés à approcher des enfants , et que seuls ceux qui « travaillent » avec les enfants doivent être fichés , et habilités .
Une parano ïa égarée ?
Pas tant que ça .
Le Sunday Telegraph rapporte ainsi que des milliers d’étudiants en médecine sont interdits de travailler du fait des délais dans l’obtention de l’habilitation , et que plusieurs églises interdisent désormais aux adultes non fichés d’assister aux cours ou chorales donnés le dimanche , même et y compris lorsqu’il s’agit de parents venus y accompagner leurs enfants … « au cas où ils soient amenés à accompagner d’autres enfants aux toilettes « .
Voir aussi :
Présomption de pédophilie
Les voyeurs de ( l ’espace ado de ) Beaubourg
Vos photos sont - elles pédo-pornographiques ?
Incarcérée pour une fellation librement consentie
Les pédophiles sont sur le Net.
Nous aussi .
Et tant mieux .
From the founding of the republic , Americans have held fast to the concept of private property — and the rights attached to it .
Many Supreme Court decisions related to the use of the property and the government ’s power relative to that of owners .
Sometimes , however , the dispute is not between government and possessor , but between two proprietors of adjacent parcels .
Often , the disagreement concerns the placement of the property lines .
Under these circumstances , wisdom dictates a search of the documentary evidence before entering into litigation .
Boundaries can be confusing when they were established long ago and without clear geographic descriptions .
Legal Descriptions and Surveys
In California , as in other states , the deed ( often a grant deed ) comes with an attachment known as the “ legal description . ”
This is a textual description of where the land sits relative to its surroundings .
This information may come directly from a survey made of the property .
If it is a course and distance legal description , it specifies a point of beginning and goes on to demarcate the parcel with courses of specific length and direction .
These courses must end at the point of origin to legitimately delineate the property boundaries .
This is sometimes called metes and bounds description , subtle differences notwithstanding .
Other legal descriptions are based on the Public Land Survey System ( PLSS ) .
The private property once conveyed by the state or federal government can retain this kind of description that references a lot number within a larger tract .
In any case , a legal description based on an accurate survey may or may not be authoritative .
For instance , a landmark referenced by a metes and bounds survey may no longer exist due to earthquake , fire , flood or development .
One more thing : like any professional , a surveyor can make mistakes .
At the same time , an accurate land survey can save neighbors time and money before going to court .
Complicating Variables
Other factors can affect boundary disputes with neighbors .
If encroachment is longstanding and suffered by previous owners of one property or the other , courts will view claims differently than if it is more recent .
The whole history of the abutting parcels may need to come into play , involving lawyers , surveyors and title companies .
If such a trespass exists for some years without challenge , a statute of limitations may apply .
Retaining seasoned legal counsel is the optimal path to a satisfactory resolution of complicated real estate matters .
Knowledge and Experience
Neighborly conflicts over property engage state legislative statutes , local ordinances , and prior case law .
Professional attorneys with extended experience in property law will know–and explain–all the avenues available to disputing parties .
Better still , they can often protect the client ’s interest without costly litigation .
If a landowner is contending with a neighbor about the property line , only a competent lawyer with a winning record is worthy to take the case .
To further explore the options , seek more info from attorneys .
These are experts in California real estate transactions and litigation .
Parapsychologists are constantly protesting that they are playing by all the standard scientific rules , and yet their results are being ignored - that they are unfairly being held to higher standards than everyone else .
I 'm willing to believe that .
It just means that the standard statistical methods of science are so weak and flawed as to permit a field of study to sustain itself in the complete absence of any subject matter .
— Eliezer Yudkowsky , Frequentist Statistics are Frequently Subjective
Imagine if , way back at the start of the scientific enterprise , someone had said , " What we really need is a control group for science - people who will behave exactly like scientists , doing experiments , publishing journals , and so on , but whose field of study is completely empty : one in which the null hypothesis is always true .
" That way , we 'll be able to gauge the effect of publication bias , experimental error , misuse of statistics , data fraud , and so on , which will help us understand how serious such problems are in the real scientific literature . "
Is n't that a great idea ?
By an accident of historical chance , we actually have exactly such a control group , namely parapsychologists : people who study extra-sensory perception , telepathy , precognition , and so on .
There 's no particular reason to think parapsychologists are doing anything other than what scientists would do ; their experiments are similar to those of scientists , they use statistics in similar ways , and there 's no reason to think they falsify data any more than any other group .
Yet despite the fact that their null hypotheses are always true , parapsychologists get positive results .
This is disturbing , and must lead us to wonder how many positive results in real science are actually wrong .
The point of all this is not to mock parapsychology for the sake of it , but rather to emphasise that parapsychology is useful as a control group for science .
Scientists should aim to improve their procedures to the point where , if the control group used these same procedures , they would get an acceptably low level of positive results .
That this is not yet the case indicates the need for more stringent scientific procedures .
Acknowledgements
The idea for this mini-essay and many of its actual points were suggested by ( or stolen from ) Eliezer Yudkowsky 's Frequentist Statistics are Frequently Subjective , though the idea might have originated with Michael Vassar .
This was originally published at a different location on the web , but was moved here for bandwidth reasons at Eliezer 's suggestion .
A discussion on Hacker News contained one very astute criticism : that some things which may once have been considered part of parapsychology actually turned out to be real , though with perfectly sensible , physical causes .
Still , I think this is unlikely for the more exotic subjects like telepathy , precognition , et cetera .
SUNSHINE
Coast council will today be asked to support a regional summit to consider future population growth levels .
Queensland National Sea Change Taskforce representative Debbie Blumel said the time had come to rethink the future , with enough people now interested in quality of life and the environment to influence federal government policy .
Ms Blumel said the realities of climate change would have a diminishing impact on the Coast 's ability to absorb more people .
She will move today that the council work with Moreton Bay Regional Council and the NSCT to develop policy proposals to put to both the state and federal governments that would address the issue of carrying capacity , including our ability to produce food .
The summit , which would be held either annually or bi-annually , would function at a broader regional level to develop policy proposals to put to both state and federal government .
It would provide a forum to critically examine social , economic and environmental indicators , which the state government 's own SEQ State of the Region report shows are all trending downward .
Ms Blumel said it was also important to understand the economic and social drivers of settlement patterns and why Australia was deserting the bush for the coast .
This follows mayor Bob Abbot 's call last week for government to create incentives for people to remain in and choose the bush as a place to settle , including the relocation of industry and decentralisation of government departments .
Mr Abbot said the region 's future growth potential could only be properly understood through careful examination of all the geographic and ecological constraints of that growth .
Ms Blumel said regions like the Coast would not do well from any massive increase in population , which would undoubtedly affect the quality of life and the loss of desperately needed agricultural land .
“ There are enough people interested in quality of life and quality of the environment rather than just more is better , ” she said .
“ The suggestion that carrying capacity can always be increased through engineering needs to be seriously challenged . ”
Fat is the new win .
Jet coach Rex Ryan , who hates losing weight almost as much as he hates losing football games , started the season determined to shed many of his 350 pounds .
The diet , like the Jets ’ early good fortune , did not last long .
But with his team on the cusp of the Super Bowl , Ryan seems to have found the recipe for success , and he ’s eating a lot of it .
Although he once feared his 7,000 calories a day were holding him back from earning a head - coaching job , he is now going with his gut .
The coach celebrated Sunday ’s triumph over the San Diego Chargers by scarfing down a cheesesteak and a beer on the charter flight back home .
He was then offered a choice of barbecue chicken , flank steak or a Cobb salad .
“ I have never heard him order a Cobb salad , ” a source told The Post .
“ And I do n’t think you would be slandering him to say he is a beer guy . ”
After most games , Ryan , 47 , and his wife , Michelle , eat heartily at a diner in New Jersey .
The coach ’s favorite cuisine is Mexican — his assistants call it “ Rexican ” — and Ryan dined Friday night in San Diego at Café Coyote , whose menu features the adjective “ large ” before many of its south - of - the - border offerings .
During training camp last July , Ryan said that moving to Jersey had led him to pack on a few dozen extra pounds , noting , “ There are so many Italian restaurants . ”
Ryan has taken his share of ribbing about his girth .
While dieting a few years ago , an assistant spied Ryan toting a pizza to his hotel room .
When confronted , Ryan claimed it was for his son Seth .
But the next day , when the assistant asked Seth about the pie , the boy replied , “ What pizza ? ”
“ He ’s having a hard time living that story down , ” one coach laughed .
The big fella has gone on several weight - loss programs to raise money for his children ’s teams , but admits the pounds always return .
“ There ’s not too many fat guys that are coaches , ” he said in 2007 .
“ But I do n’t see how your weight can make you a better coach .
“ But I guess if you ’re the face of the franchise , then that is important as well . ”
Going into Sunday ’s game , let ’s hope the Indianapolis Colts are the biggest losers .
jeremy.olshan@nypost.com
Everybody knows tonight 's the night Santa departs the North Pole on his round - the - world trip delivering presents .
What you might not know is that because the weather at the North Pole can be challenging this time of year , Santa has an instrument approach procedure available for his arrival back home .
Pilots use an instrument approach procedure to guide them to an airport in lousy conditions like , say , an Arctic storm .
When flying in clouds , known asinstrument meteorological conditions or IMC , there are no ground references available to navigate by .
Pilots must rely on instruments .
Radio signals have been used for decades , but these days , GPS is the most common navigation aid .
Following signals alone is n’t enough to land safely .
Coming into an airport , an approach procedure is used to assure the pilot there wo n't be any conflicts with terrain ( such as failure to maintain clearance ) , and assure both pilot and air traffic controller that the aircraft will be in a predictable place .
An example of an approach procedure for SFO in San Francisco is shown below .
Santa 's instrument - approach procedure allows him to get himself and the reindeer back home safe and sound after a long night of flying .
Santa has the option of using a newer GPS approach , as well as an old - school non-directional beacon ( NDB ) radio approach as a backup .
He ca n’t risk a satellite constellation failure , and thankfully the FAA has n't decomissioned his NDB approach .
Across the top of the " approach plate " you see the various radio frequencies Santa has available to receive weather information and talk to air traffic control .
Who knows why there is a North Pole Unicom .
This is typically the frequency to talk with other aircraft in the area .
I always just assumed there would be a temporary flight restriction at the North Pole during Christmas .
Anyhow , Santa can make his approach down to 400 feet .
At that altitude , known as the minimum descent altitude ( MDA ) , he must be able to see part of the runway or the lights illuminating it .
However , having Rudolph up front with his nose so bright probably gives Santa a bit of an advantage and he might even be tempted to bust minimums every now and then .
If Santa can't see the runway or markers at 400 feet , he must execute a missed approach procedure that includes a climbing right turn to 1,500 feet , then a holding pattern before making another attempt .
One convenience Santa enjoys is the simple heading to remember to get home .
As the approach plate shows , as long as he follows a true heading of 360 degrees , he should find his way whether he 's coming from Sydney , New Delhi or London .
With a 5,739 - foot runway , Santa has plenty of room to get his sleigh down in even the worst conditions .
And at only 17 feet above sea level , thin air wo n't be an issue affecting the performance of his nine reindeer .
Hopefully in the coming years , Santa will get a required navigation performance ( RNP ) approach , allowing him to land with lower minimums ( cloud levels ) .
The regulating authority at the North Pole is a bit slow – the precision approach technology is just now catching up with the red- nosed illumination landings Santa 's been making for a long time .
At least , he does n’t have to rely on the NDB approach , which can frustrate even the most experienced pilots .
Meanwhile , you can track Santa and watch for the time when he pulls out his instrument approach plate and lands safely back at home .
North Pole Image : J. Budge / SFO Image : NACO
President Barack Obama has recently unveiled bold new plans for government programs and tax breaks to try to boost the economy .
These initiatives have no price tag yet , but they will require significant spending .
You can debate whether new highway and bridge projects and sundry tax breaks will help the economy .
That 's a political question ....
Beef :
It 's what 's for dinner , according to advertisements .
But not all beef is quite the same .
When you look through your grocery store 's meat counter or talk to your local b­utcher , you learn there are all kinds .
Angus Beef , also known as Black Angus or Certified Angus Beef , is a specific brand of beef .
Maybe you 've seen Angus cattle out in the fields ( if you live near farmland ) .
Or maybe you 've seen it advertised on restaurant menus and grocery store windows .
The question is :
What 's different about this type of meat ?
What makes beef enthusiasts herald Black Angus beef as high quality , if not the highest ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Black Angus club is very selective in many ways .
Not only do the cattle have to pass several tests to qualify as Black Angus cattle while they 're alive , but once they 're reduced to market food , the meat must qualify as high quality meat as well .
Black Angus cattle make great cattle for the farm because they adapt easily .
Many characteristics of these cattle make them different from other breeds .
As you continue to read the follo­wing pages , you 'll learn a little more about the life of Black Angus cattle .
Black Angus meat must pass rigorous tests to mark it for quality .
Only the highest quality Angus meat is given the designation " Certified Angus Beef , " and just because some meat is called " Black Angus " does n't mean it 's the same quality as the certified brand .
The best Certified Angus cattle are raised naturally and fed a grass diet [ source : Natures Pasture ] .
So you 've got the backbone .
Let 's get down to the real meat of the issue on the next page .
Russian authorities suspect a former Russian soldier of being behind Friday 's train derailment which killed at least 25 people and injured around 100 .
According to news reports yesterday , the Russian security services have marked Pavel Kosolapov , a Russian soldier turned Islamic militant , as one of the top suspects in the train derailment , which appears to have been caused by a bomb .
Little is known about Mr Kosolapov , and there is only one grainy photograph of him in public circulation .
He is believed to have converted to Islam during the 1990s and become a close associate of Shamil Basayev , the terrorist mastermind behind the Beslan school siege , who was finally killed by Russian forces in 2006 .
Mr Kosolapov is wanted in connection with a bomb incident that took place on the same line and derailed a similar Nevsky Express train two years ago .
On that occasion , nobody was killed .
Two men from Ingushetia , the restive province that borders Chechnya , are standing trial for the earlier incident , and one of them admitted his guilt in court last week .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Russia 's Interior Minister , Rashid Nurgaliyev , previously said that there were several clues in the area of the explosion that could lead to the solving of the case .
He also said that a search was under way for a man of around 40 with red hair , who had been spotted acting suspiciously by local villagers preceding the attack .
Whether or not this was Mr Kosolapov was unclear .
The confirmed death toll from Friday 's derailment stood at 25 yesterday , with the fate of 26 passengers still unknown .
Some of them may have been lucky enough to miss the train , said investigators .
Relatives of those believed dead were brought to a hospital in the city of Tver , not far from the crash scene , for the grim task of identifying the bodies .
In some cases , the bodies were in such a bad state that genetic tests will be required to determine identities , and the identification process was so unpleasant that one of the relatives collapsed and had to be hospitalised himself .
So far , there have been no credible claims of responsibility for the attack , and some pundits have even doubted the official explanation of terrorism .
In recent years , a number of fatal accidents across Russia have been caused by decaying Soviet - era infrastructure and poor maintenance .
A cover up seems unlikely in this case , however - for a government that staked its reputation on bringing supposed stability to the North Caucasus , a terrorist strike in the heart of Russia is a far more damaging blow than another infrastructure failing .
While Chechnya and the neighbouring regions in the North Caucasus remain violent and volatile , the iron - fisted rule of Ramzan Kadyrov in Chechnya was thought to have crippled the Islamic resistance .
However , a new wave of suicide bombings hit Chechnya and Ingushetia this year , and a rebel website claimed over the summer that " battalions of martyrs " had been sent across Russia to wreak havoc .
Families of the victims will receive 500,000 roubles ( about £ 10,000 ) in compensation from the state .
Russia was in mourning yesterday as television networks took entertainment programmes off the air , and players in the Russian football league observed a minute of silence before games .
A star - studded patriotic concert , slated to take place on Red Square this evening to attract attention to the Sochi Winter Olympics in 2014 , has been cancelled as it was deemed inappropriate .
" Our people have been challenged , " said Patriarch Kirill , the head of the Russian Orthodox Church .
" They want to frighten everybody who lives in Russia . "
The Patriarch later led a special service for the victims at Moscow 's Christ the Saviour Cathedral .
The Republican National Committee has passed a resolution denying financial support to any GOP candidate who does not endorse the party platform .
The rule is seen as less restrictive than a proposed “ litmus test ” requiring candidates to pledge their loyalty to at least seven out of ten core conservative positions .
Despite this , it was strongly opposed by Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele and many state party chairs .
It was strongly backed by conservatives , however , and passed without opposition on a voice vote .
ADVERTISEMENT
The earlier litmus test proposal , offered by conservative activist James Bopp , Jr. , had aroused widespread opposition .
According to the Los Angeles Times , “ Privately , many members of the committee disdained the proposal as silly and unnecessarily divisive at a time the party is on a political roll .
A group of about two dozen state chairmen voted unanimously Wednesday to oppose the Bopp resolution , as it came to be called , and efforts were quietly underway to kill the resolution or render it moot . ”
Even Dick Wadhams , a Republican political consultant often described as a disciple of Karl Rove , called Bopp ’s proposal , “ just totally ill - conceived and misdirected . ”
The alternative resolution demanding loyalty to the party platform was offered as a compromise by RNC member Bill Crocker of Texas , who explained that it would still bar funding to GOP moderates and help attract Tea Party votes .
“ No more Scozzafavas , please , ” Crocker stated .
“ No more Specters , please .
No more Chafees , please . ”
Even Bopp has now endorsed Crocker ’s alternative to his own litmust test , saying , “ The resolution that was adopted by the committee satisfies the concerns that I have and the need I think that we have for the party to insist upon accountability of our candidates to our core principles . ”
According to the New York Times ’ Adam Nagourney , however , not all Republican leaders intend to follow the resolution .
Oregon GOP chairman Bob Tiernan told Bopp , “ There ’s nothing mandatory there .
There ’s nothing required .
I am a chairman : I am not going take that back and make my candidates sign it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
When Bopp insisted , “ This is binding , ” Tiernan cut him off , saying , “ There is nothing binding in there .
Read the words . ”
“ Shut up ! ” Bopp yelled , to which Tiernan replied , after a pause , “ That ’s not nice . ”
cwatch
‘ cwatch ’ by thomas cruyl from belgium is one of the 150 shortlisted entries from the recent designboom competition ‘ the intelligent hand ’ in collaboration with macef .
‘ cwatch ’ is a tribute to the tradition of swiss artisan watch making .
this timepiece combines the technical art of its internal mechanisms with the craftsmanship of another artisan technique – a decorative wooden exterior .
the result is a hand watch which resembles that of a cuckoo clock .
the jury is almost finished making their selections and the results of the competition will be unveiled on january 15th , 2010 .
upclose
Man gets his arm ripped right off by a Tiger at a Zoo in IndiaI guess he did n't read the " DO NOT FEED THE ANIMALS " sign
Photo :
The mayor of the West Bank settlement town of Ariel , Ron Nachman , gives a gift to Christian Zionist John Hagee and his wife Diana during the couple ’s visit in 2008 .
Pastor Hagee ’s movement has donated millions of dollars to the settlement and supports a " greater Israel " that includes Palestinian territory .
Jack Guez / AFP / Getty Images
The New Christian Zionism and the Jews
A Love / Hate Relationship
| Printer Friendly
Rachel Tabachnick is an independent researcher and contributor to Talk2Action.org , the group blog about the Christian Right .
She frequently presents workshops and talks about Christian Zionism .
In late October , Holocaust survivor and Nobel Peace laureate Elie Wiesel spoke at a Christians United for Israel ( CUFI ) event hosted by the controversial Christian Zionist John Hagee at his Cornerstone Church in San Antonio , Texas .
Internationally broadcast on GodTV , Hagee presented $ 9 million in donations to 29 Israeli and U.S. Jewish organizations .
[ 1 ]
Hagee is one of the world ’s most successful televangelists and a prolific author who prophesizes that apocalyptic wars and the migration of Jews to the holy land will help trigger the return of Jesus and his thousand - year reign on earth .
Wiesel joins a long list of Jews and Israelis who show no discomfort at being in the center of someone else ’s apocalyptic religious vision .
Making common cause with Christian Zionists are the lobby group American Israel Political Action Committee , which hosted Hagee as a conference keynote speaker in 2007 , and Israeli ambassador Michael Oren , who attended a CUFI summit last July .
Meanwhile , on the other side of the country , a very different kind of “ pro-Israel ” gathering was taking place .
J Street , the “ pro-peace , pro-Israel ” lobby group , was holding its first national conference with panels featuring American , Israeli and Palestinian speakers .
Hundreds gathered in the ballroom of the Washington D.C. Grand Hyatt for the conference , whose program explicitly stated that J Street aims to challenge “ right - wing Christian Zionists ” – the very people Wiesel was addressing .
[ 2 ]
J Street ’s leaders are not the first in the Jewish community to resist the embrace of Christian Zionism .
Rabbi Eric Yoffie of the Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism has stated that an alliance with Christian Zionists must be rejected for the sake of Israel . [ 3 ]
Still , there has been little education in the Jewish community on the precise nature of these dangers .
Indeed , some Jews may avoid publicly criticizing Christian Zionists out of concern that it would damage interfaith relations – though Christians show no hesitation in criticizing Hagee .
Others , including a few questioned at the J Street conference , say Christian Zionist beliefs are of absolutely no interest to them .
Yet it is their beliefs about the end times which drive their activism .
The traditional fundamentalist leaders of the movement preach that Jews returning to the Holy Land are a necessary part of the end times in which born - again Christians will escape death as they are raptured into heaven .
Jews and other nonbelievers will remain on earth to suffer under the seven - year reign of the anti-Christ .
Then , as the story goes , Jesus will come back with his armies , be accepted by the surviving Jews , and reign for a thousand years .
This belief motivates adherents to send funds for West Bank settlements , to lobby for preemptive wars seen as precursors to the end times , and support Jews in the diaspora to make “ aliyah ” and move to Israel .
Now Christian Zionism – along with much of evangelicalism – is being swept by a charismatic movement which has rewritten the role of Jews in their end times narrative . [ 4 ]
These charismatics , like Pentecostals , believe that they are endowed by God with supernatural spiritual gifts such as speaking in tongues and faith healing .
However , these charismatic also believe that God directly reveals new prophecy to their leaders who are unifying the church in preparation for the end times .
In their increasingly popular narrative , it is not unconverted but only converted or so - called Messianic Jews who will serve as the trigger for the return of Jesus and the advent of the millennial ( thousand year ) kingdom on earth .
This growing belief is driving the movement to aggressively proselytize Jews and to support “ Messianic ” ministries in both Israel and Jewish communities worldwide .
One splinter group has even taken this story to an extreme , saying they themselves are the “ true Israelites ” who will play the prophetic role of establishing heaven on earth by moving to Israel .
As we shall see , their distinct end times narratives share an implicit antisemitism creating the movement ’s paradoxical love / hate relationship with the Jews .
Far from positive , the obsessive “ philosemitism ” – or love of Jews – of Christian Zionists is tied to a volatile and changing view of the end times that also changes their view of how they should “ support ” Jews and Israel in fulfilling prophecy .
And this obsession has a history of turning ugly .
Antisemitism and Historic Christian Zionism
The partnership of Christian Zionists with Israeli leaders dates back to the 1970s , when Israeli prime minister Menachim Begin of the Likud Party and Christian Right leader Jerry Falwell joined forces to oppose U.S. President Jimmy Carter ’s support for a Palestinian state .
Israel ’s alliance with Christian Zionists has only grown in recent decades .
As support from increasingly alienated U.S. Jews lagged , Christian Zionists filled the gap with donations and tourism ..
Israeli Ambassador
Oren even rejected an invitation to attend J Street ’s October conference while attending CUFI ’s in July . [ 5 ]
Ambassador
Oren would be wise to reconsider his choice of allies .
Christian Zionists openly portray Jews not as ordinary people , but as superhuman or subhuman , paralleling antisemitic story lines .
Camouflaged in love and an exuberant support for Israel , Hagee and other Christian Zionists openly teach narratives that parallel the story lines of overt anti-Semitism in which Jews are portrayed not as ordinary people , but as superhuman or subhuman .
With almost no challenge ( and often endorsement ) from Jewish leadership , Christian Zionists are stripping away the hard - won humanity of Jews with a broadcast capacity and international reach that overtly antisemitic organizations could never match .
Their belief that they are saving Jews from themselves allows them to proceed with a sense of self - righteousness and to draw in millions of well - meaning people .
History demonstrates that once this humanity has been stripped away , the door is opened for unconcealed hatred , fear , and even genocide of these perceived superhuman / subhuman beings .
Even the long - established Christian Zionist narrative has antisemitic undertones .
Christian Zionists talk about themselves as “ fishers ” who entice Jews to move to Israel , while “ hunters ” are those who violently force the Jews who are unresponsive to the fishers .
This well - used motif –found throughout the movement ’s media –is problematic for many reasons , not least in requiring a worldwide wave of antisemitism , described by some as a second holocaust , to ensure Jews fulfill their prophetic destiny .
Hagee is always careful not to use the phrase “ second holocaust ” but he drew on this motif when he notoriously said that Hitler was a hunter sent by God , prompting John McCain to reject his endorsement in the 2008 Presidential race .
[ 6 ]
The Anti-Defamation League ’s Abraham Foxman and other Jewish leaders should not have accepted Hagee at face value when he said he was joining rabbinical discourse in making his Hitler remark . [ 7 ]
Christian Zionist literature regularly uses this threat of the second holocaust to warn , or intimidate , Jews to move to Israel before it is “ too late , ” and steeps it with additional antisemitic imagery .
In Let My People Go , Tom Hess describes his vision of trains taking fleeing Jews from the major cities of the world as they voluntarily leave for Israel , thus saving themselves from an impending holocaust .
Its cover shows a Jewish businessman chained to Wall Street , and the book is filled with stereotypes of Jews as money - oriented materialists and worse . [ 8 ]
Hess ’ ministry , based in Israel , sends the books to Jewish households around the world , and claims to have distributed tens of thousands to the “ fish ” as he calls the Jews of Russia and Ukraine .
Hess also hosts the annual Christian Governmental Leaders Luncheon in conjunction with the Knesset ’s Christian Allies Caucus . [ 9 ]
Another book , Blow the Trumpet in Zion , lists “ The Jew ’s Final Holocaust ” above “ Why Christians Should Love Jews ” on its back cover promotion . [ 10 ]
Its author is Richard Booker , who has worked with the Christian Allies Caucus and Jerusalem Connection , headed by former CUFI director James Hutchens . [ 11 ]
The best - selling book of another prominent Christian Zionist describes this second holocaust as “ beyond the horrors of Sobibor , Treblinka , and Auschwitz – all of the death camps combined . ” [ 12 ]
Some Christian Zionists believe a second holocaust is necessary to force the repentance of Jews .
These Christian Zionists believe a second holocaust is necessary to force the repentance of Jews .
Hagee argues that his support for Israel has “ absolutely nothing to do with eschatology , ” referring to end times theology . [ 13 ]
Yet he has built an international broadcast audience advertised as reaching 190 nations with his apocalyptic sermons echoing these themes .
Hagee often delivers these sermons while standing in front of large panels illustrating figures of the end times including the Antichrist – who he describes as gay and “ partially Jewish as was Adolph Hitler ” –and the “ Great Harlot of Mystery Babylon , ” whom Hagee claims represents “ Romanism ” or the Roman Catholic church . [ 14 ]
Former Israeli Ambassador Dore Gold , when questioned about the dangers of this end times eschatology – which ends with the destruction of Judaism – responded , “ All religions have eschatology .
The question is whether somebody believes they can move the clock of eschatology forward by themselves .
The only one who says that is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , the president of Iran . ” [ 15 ]
But in fact many Christian Zionists do believe they can move the clock , as a quick glance at Armageddonbooks.com shows .
Among the titles is Hastening the Messiah , Your Role in Fulfilling Prophecy .
The author , Johannes Facius , is a former head of the Ebenezer Emergency Fund and Operation Exodus , credited with moving over 116,000 Jews to Israel from the former Soviet Union .
Hagee ’s mentor wrote the foreword .
Its fourth chapter is titled “ Fishers and Hunters . ” [ 16 ]
John Hagee ’s ministry magazine also suggests evangelicals can move the clock – by donating to Hagee ’s ministry .
In an issue with a dramatic war scene and the words “ World War III Has Begun ” on its cover , a page two ad solicits funds with the headline , “ Become a Part of Biblical Prophecy . ”
The ad ’s donation form states , “ I want to be a part of fulfillment of prophecy and the courageous effort to return Jewish families to their homeland . ” [ 17 ]
Millennialism and Antisemitism , Past and Present
Unless put in context of these paradoxical end times narratives , it is easy to misinterpret Christian Zionists ’ millennial obsession .
CUFI ’s Jewish participants are moved by the Christian Zionist outpouring of emotion for Israel , and the trapping of Jewish ritual , blowing shofars , singing in Hebrew , wearing tallitot ( prayer shawls ) , and celebrating Jewish holidays .
The CUFI “ Night to Honor Israel ” event at which Wiesel spoke was double - billed as the “ Feast of Tabernacles , ” [ 18 ] a celebration based on the Jewish holiday of Sukkot which Hagee infuses with a millennial and Christian supremacist theology . [ 19 ]
Wiesel acknowledged the outpouring of support for Israel at the event , saying , " Never in the history of my people have we witnessed an event such as this . ” [ 20 ]
Yet the current wave of Christian Zionism is eerily reminiscent of the wave of Judeocentric millennialism of a century ago , picking up on similar terminology and end times narratives .
The millennial wave of the last century included fascination with Hebrew roots , groups claiming to be Israelites , and a philosemitic embrace of Jews .
Narratives based on biblical genealogy and Israelite “ Identity ” included Anglo - or British - Israelism , which was exported to the United States and adopted by evangelists including Charles Parham , the founder of Pentecostalism . [ 21 ]
Queen Victoria ’s genealogy was traced back to King David , and colonialism was justified as the proper role of “ the chosen people ” – Anglo - Israelites .
Like Christian Zionists of today , they described wars in terms of biblical genealogy , and depending on strategic alliances of the moment , described Germans as either fellow “ Israelites ” or descendants of the hated Assyrians .
These philosemitic British Israelites attacked antisemitism from the pages of the journal “ The Banner of Israel . ” [ 22 ]
But a prominent British Israelite was also editor of the notoriously antisemitic Dearborn Independent , a lead newspaper publishing conspiracies based on the notorious forgery Protocols of the Elders of Zion .
The movement ’s philosemitism easily transitioned into antisemitism .
The volatility of the last century ’s obsession with biblical genealogy and Judeocentric narratives also spawned Christian Identity , the theology held by contemporary White supremacists .
They view Jews as an evil race descending from Esau , and see themselves as the true heirs of Israel . [ 23 ]
Their practice often includes “ Hebrew ” ritual including the “ Feast of Tabernacles ” based on Sukkot .
Hagee shares this obsession with a distinct race descended from Esau .
In his book Jerusalem Countdown , he claims that a genetically evil race of “ half - breed Jews ” spawned Hitler and credits Esau ’s descendants with the persecution of Jews throughout history . [ 24 ]
The recognized theological source of modern Christian Zionism is U.S. fundamentalism from the last century , which has its own history of embracing antisemitism .
Many leaders such as William Bell Riley , perhaps the major leader of fundamentalism , merged religious narratives with secular antisemitic conspiracies including the notorious Protocols of the Elders of Zion which theysaw as supporting their end times narrative . [ 25 ]
Today ’s internationally broadcast Christian Zionist media is a major source of anti-Jewish conspiracy thinking and features New World Order conspiracism . [ 26 ]
Hagee preaches from the pulpit that the American dollar is being intentionally devalued through the Federal Reserve by a conspiracy of the Illuminati , Rothschilds , and European bankers . [ 27 ]
These narratives echo claims from the Middle Ages that Jews have supernatural control over the destiny of others , a concept that is now being spread by Christian Zionists to Africa and other continents , paving the way for acceptance of virulently antisemitic conspiracy theories .
Entire Christian Zionist books are dedicated to linking natural or human disasters to Israel .
For instance , in John McTernan ’s recent book , As America has done to Israel , he claims that Katrina victims were drowned in their attics as God ’s retribution for the removal of settlers from Gaza who had fled to their rooftops to avoid eviction . [ 28 ]
William Koenig ’s 2004 book Eye to Eye lists terrorist attacks and misfortunes of presidents as God ’s revenge on America for “ land for peace ” negotiations . [ 29 ]
The writers frame their accounts as pro-Israel , and the fulfillment of Genesis 12:3 , which reads , “ And I will bless those who bless you , And the one who curses you I will curse . ”
Hagee picks up on another antisemitic story line with a long history when he demeans the much revered Rabbi Hillel .
In Final Dawn over Jerusalem , Hagee states that antisemitism comes from the bowels of hell but , in the same book , claims Hillel was an “ extremist ” and his Pharisee followers were “ sword - carrying legalists ” who plotted to have Jesus killed .
It is they , he claims , who are responsible for Christian antisemitism . [ 30 ]
The Jewish philosopher Martin Buber analyzed how propaganda mischaracterizing the Pharisees as the more legalistic sect of Judaism in the time of Jesus impacted 1920s anti-Semitism .
Author Paul R. Mendes - Flor states about Buber , “ Debating the opponents of Jewry , he realized that the anti-Pharisaism which pervaded modern attitudes toward Judaism was not only a distortion but animated virtually every species of metaphysical anti-Semitism . ” [ 31 ]
The demonization of Pharisees is becoming increasingly common today , particularly in Pentecostal and other charismatic media .
They equate the Pharisees with a literal demon said to be the source of legalism and division in the church . [ 32 ]
Today those Jewish leaders who embrace Christian Zionists heap ridicule on those who resist , accusing them of being overly defensive .
In Evangelicals and Israel , author Stephen Spector quotes Elliot Abrams as saying “ anti-Christian bias seems to be the only form of prejudice that American Jews consider respectable . ” [ 33 ]
The unwillingness of Jews to return the embrace of that era ’s millennial - minded “ philosemites ” was also ridiculed in a famous publication of 1920 ,
The future of the Jew , as prophetically outlined , is intimately bound up with the future of this planet , and the Christian church in large part – at least by the evangelical wing , which the Jews most condemn – sees a Restoration of the Chosen People yet to come .
If the mass of the Jews knew how understandingly and sympathetically all the prophecies concerning them are being studied in the Church , and the faith that exists that these prophecies will find fulfillment and that they will result in great Jewish service to society at large , they would probably regard the Church with another mind . [ 34 ]
The quote is from Henry Ford ’s The International Jew , derived from his reading of The Protocols of the Elders of Zion .
Marketing efforts by CUFI and others to convince today ’s Jews to embrace Christian Zionists frequently cite the last century ’s support for “ regathering of the Jews ” in Palestine as evidence that the movement is friendly or benign .
This cherry - picking of history ignores the fact that the same millennial narratives played a significant role in the objectification of , and obsession with , Jews in the early 20th century .
Since then these quasi-religious narratives have kept the motifs of antisemitism alive during a time when overt antisemitism is not acceptable in society .
Today ’s Christian Zionism has reintroduced these dehumanizing narratives back into the mainstream of much of the evangelical world as well as the general public .
Christian Zionism in Transition
As Christian Zionism changes , attacks on Judaism are becoming more overt .
The bulk of the shift in Christian Zionism is a result of the growing international dominance of charismatics who reject the concept of being raptured and stress the conversion of Jews to trigger the end times .
In their version of the end times drama , they do not watch idly from the grandstands of heaven after being raptured but remain on earth to fight evil and the anti-Christ themselves .
It is Jesus who remains in heaven until the job is completed and a Christian Israel calls out for his return .
This cleansing of the earth is done by the combined forces of charismatic or “ spirit - filled ” Christians and their Messianic partners , the term applied to Jews who convert but retain Jewish identity .
The shorthand catchphrase for this distinctive end times narrative involving converted Jews is “ one new man in Yeshua . ”
Not surprisingly , the growing importance of converts in the end times narrative is encouraging a new wave of proselytizing to convert Jews to Christianity .
As Hagee ’s Jewish allies are quick to point out , he publicly opposes proselytizing , but much of his organization ’s leadership and events are hosted by those who have embraced this “ one new man ” ideology and you can find it throughout Christian Zionist media .
Hagee also publicly endorsed a Messianic ministry in Israel . [ 35 ]
These charismatics identify with a coalescing movement called the New Apostolic Reformation ( or simply “ Apostolic and Prophetic ” ) which teaches that a unified church will lead the fight during the end times .
Lou Engle , made famous in the film Jesus Camp , is a leading “ Apostle ” in the movement and Ted Haggard , the former president of the National Association of Evangelicals , partnered in the movement ’s launch .
Sarah Palin has close ties to leading Apostles and during the 2008 elections their broadcasted prophecies claimed that Palin was divinely “ anointed ” for leadership . [ 36 ]
CUFI director Stephen Strang is a prominent Apostle and uses his magazine , Charisma , to promote it . [ 37 ]
In celebration of Israel ’s sixtieth birthday , Charisma dedicated much of its May 2008 issue to Christian Zionists and Messianics who are working to proselytize Jews in Israel .
Another CUFI director , Robert Stearns , is the editor of a popular Apostolic and Prophetic magazine and cofounder of the Day of Prayer for the Peace of Jerusalem ( DPPJ ) . [ 38 ]
The DPPJ is the largest single Christian Zionist event with advertised participation of 200,000 churches in 175 nations , and endorsed by the Knesset ’s Christian Allies Caucus . [ 39 ]
What are these 200,000 churches praying for when they pray for the peace of Jerusalem ?
In a 2005 Christian Broadcast Network interview , Stearns said that all participating churches received the book Your People Shall Be My People which explains the “ one new man in Yeshua ” ideology and pleads with churches to support Messianic ministries . [ 40 ]
Author Don Finto introduces a multidenominational council of charismatic leaders whose mission is to “ recognize and welcome Jewish believers in Yeshua without requiring them to abandon their Jewish identity and practice ” with the “ ultimate purpose in unifying the Body and restoring the Jewish believers to their rightful place is the hastening of the coming of the Lord Yeshua in glory and the full accomplishment of His work in the kingdom of God . ” [ 41 ]
By repenting of the Holocaust and allowing Messianics to retain their Jewish identity , these Christian Zionists teach that the stumbling blocks will be removed and Jews will convert in large numbers .
In his book Prepare the Way , Stearns claimed that this is happening at an unprecedented rate , stating , “ Our elder brother is returning from the dead . ” [ 42 ]
This echoes his CUFI colleague Hagee , who after his infamous Hitler as hunter quote said , “ Now they ( the Jews ) are physically alive , but they are not spiritually alive . ” [ 43 ]
Stearns ally Jack Hayford , a charismatic leader who cofounded the Day of Prayer , also founded The King ’s College and Seminary which has a special division to train Messianics to become the “ anointed Spirit - filled team players in the redemption of all Israel . ” [ 44 ]
The seminary coordinates with Messianic Jewish Bible Institute , which trains Messianic leaders in Jewish communities in Argentina , Brazil , Israel , Russia , and Ukraine in order to bring “ life to the dead ” as stated in its promotional materials . [ 45 ]
Another stated goal of the Christian Zionist / Messianic partnership is to fight antisemitism .
However while they are very anxious to defend Israel from an Islamic world they view as a common enemy , this conceals the fact that they are equally determined to save Israel from Judaism .
In Your People Shall Be My People , Finto quotes convert Dan Juster as stating “ Rabbinic Judaism is a more severe departure from biblical faith than I had ever realized in my early days of Jewish recovery ...
We who are Jewish are biblical New Covenant Jews , not Rabbinic Jews ! ” [ 46 ]
Stearns describes Juster as the Thomas Jefferson of Messianic Judaism and a “ sovereign vessel the Lord has raised up to pioneer this End - Time move . ” [ 47 ]
Juster explained to the 2009 Promise Keepers revival in Boulder that , “ The conversion of Israel is a necessary precondition for ushering in the Messianic age .
We can only accomplish this task by coming together as one new man .
Only then will we have the power to convert Israel . ” [ 48 ]
Despite easily accessible evidence to the contrary , Robert Stearns was portrayed throughout the book Evangelicals and Israel as the ideal Christian Zionist who refuses to proselytize and has no ulterior end times motives . [ 49 ]
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has personally endorsed Stearn ’s ministry . [ 50 ]
Evangelicals and Israel has endorsements on the back cover from ADL ’s Abraham Foxman and Walter Russell Mead .
And in a truly wrongheaded review of the book in Foreign Affairs , Mead suggested that Democrats court Christian Zionists to join their party . [ 51 ]
Millennial Disillusionment : Better Jews Than the Jews
Richard Landes , director of the Center for the Millennial Studies project of Boston University , has described cycles of millennial expectation and disappointment dating back to the year 1000 .
In 1999 he described the modern wave as constituting “ the most sustained and unusually philo - Judaic apocalyptic manifestation in the history of Christianity . ” [ 52 ]
Many Jewish leaders dismiss millennialism as benign because they do n’t believe that the predicted trials or Jesus ’ return to earth will take place .
However , Landes warns that the real danger stems from the disillusionment when Jesus does n’t come back .
He asks , “ How long can an apocalyptic wave continue ?
Does all this apocalyptic philo - Judaism of the upswing imply a coming wave of equally intense anti-Judaism in the wake of ( inevitable ) disappointment ? ” [ 53 ]
We already are seeing the onset of disillusionment with Jews who resist playing their assigned prophetic role .
Believing themselves to be better Jews than the Jews , Christian Zionists step in to fill the role themselves .
Like the British Israelites of the last century , today a group calling themselves Ephraimites believe themselves to be the true Israelites .
But unlike the British Israelites , they are multiracial , including Whites , Blacks and Latinos , and even international .
Members of Israel ’s Likud Party are working with these Ephraimites and other Christian Zionists through World Likud , headed by Danny Danon . [ 54 ]
Following a 2007 conference in Texas with Likud leaders , Joel Bell and friends launched a new organization called Worldwide Biblical Zionism ( WBZ ) to provide housing , legal assistance , employment aid , and military training to Christian Zionists who wish to make aliyah to Israel and the West Bank . [ 55 ]
Several leaders in Benjamin Netanyahu ’s government participated in the inaugural WBZ event on November 16 , 2008 , including Gideon Sa’ar , current Minister of Education ; Ayoob Kara , Deputy Minister of Development of the Negev and Galilee ; and Yulie Edelstein , Minister of Information and Diaspora Affairs . [ 56 ]
Much of the outreach in the United States has been by Sagiv Assulin , the Knesset Leader of the Young .
One group reporting contact with Assulin is the Messianic Israel Alliance ( MIA ) , whose name is misleading since the organization is comprised of Ephraimite Christians who believe they have a right to land in Israel .
Before their 2008 national convention , they formed a “ Provisional Israelite Council in Exile ” and demanded their “ inalienable right of return to their biblical inheritance and historical territory located in current Samaria and Judea . ” [ 57 ]
The Ephraimites of MIA believe that they must be fruitful and fill the population gap that will occur as Israel expands to its future borders and “ to replace the 235,000,000 non-Jews ” who will be removed from the “ Red Sea ” to the “ River Euphrates . ”
MIA ’s leader , Angus Wootten , stated in a 2008 newsletter , “ If YHVH would tomorrow remove the million plus Palestinians , who are citizens of Israel , and the three and half million in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip , how would , or how could , the present Jewish population of Israel take possession of the land the Palestinians had occupied ?
And if that is n’t a big enough challenge , add taking possession of Southern Iraq , Jordan , Lebanon , Syria , Western Arabia , and the Sinai . ” [ 58 ]
Christian Zionists commonly describe the millions of current occupants as expendable , and John Hagee has written , “ In modern terms Israel rightfully owns all of present - day Israel , all of Lebanon , half of Syria , two - thirds of Jordan , all of Iraq , and the northern portion of Saudi Arabia . ” [ 59 ]
In his December 18 , 2007 newsletter , Wootten , unhappy with the then - current Israeli government , stated , “ SOS Israel , an umbrella group of Jewish settlers now living in Judea and Samaria , has said that in fulfillment of their biblical mandate they will declare a new Jewish state independent of Israel ...
Their objective is to form a New Jewish Congress that will eventually gain sovereignty of the Jewish Nation over the secular state . ”
Any Israeli government that does not see Christian Zionists as part of the “ Nation of Israel ” is illegitimate , he charged . [ 60 ]
On August 10 , 2008 , as part of their international convention , the MIA conducted a “ March to the Arch ” carrying banners , shofars , flags , and wearing t- shirts stating , “ We are Israel . ” [ 61 ]
It is not clear whether WBZ will succeed in bringing substantial numbers of Christians to the West Bank even as Christian Zionist funds continue to flow to the region ; Ariel , described as the capital of “ Samaria , ” has a swimming pool named for CUFI director Billye Brim , located in the “ John Hagee Building . ”
In fact , there are signs of a backlash within Likud against Christian Zionism that could interfere with the Ephraimites fulfilling their hopes .
Moshe Feiglin is among the most right - wing of Likud politicians , but he recently disengaged from his partnership with Christian Zionists . [ 62 ]
He wrote in the Jewish Press ,
The Christian conquest is much more dangerous than the Muslim conquest because it is not direct .
It is not violent .
Embracing and supportive , it connects with Israel against the Muslim enemy .
It supports a Jewish Land of Israel in its entirety – even speaking up for the sanctity of the connection between the Nation of Israel , the Land of Israel and the Torah of Israel .
It just forgets to specify which Nation of Israel and which Torah . [ 63 ]
Christian Zionism Goes Global
In Singapore a stadium of people sing popular Messianic music in Hebrew .
In Zambia a network of churches define themselves as Messianic , call their preachers “ rabbis , ” and celebrate Christianized versions of Jewish holidays .
In London , Christian Zionist leaders endorsed by the Israeli Knesset ’s Christian Allies Caucus meet with members of Parliament in order to lobby for support of Israel based on biblical mandates . [ 64 ]
In Germany , Christian Zionists who call themselves the Saxon Christian Friends of Israel join with Israeli representatives to commemorate the Holocaust by attacking Islam as the “ next reincarnation of fascism . ” [ 65 ]
A Nigerian pastor travels to Jerusalem and tells the Knesset that any nation that does not serve them will perish , and adds that Africans Christians “ would love to kiss the feet of a Jew . ” [ 66 ]
Seven hundred Brazilians travel to Jerusalem to celebrate the annual Feast of Tabernacles event sponsored by the Christian Embassy of Jerusalem , joining thousands from around the globe . [ 67 ]
In Tubingen , Germany , a congregation described by the pastor as 70 percent children and grandchildren of Nazis , “ reconciles ” with Jews by sponsoring Messianic music productions and joint Christian and Messianic Jewish events including Messianic Holocaust events . [ 68 ]
These have now been imported to the United States .
From Argentina to Ukraine “ pro-Israel ” groups are singing in Hebrew to the same popular Messianic melodies , dressing in similar costumes , and waving similar flags .
It is increasingly difficult to tell if the participants are Christian Zionists or Messianic Jews .
Christian Zionism is increasingly global , aggressively missionary , and openly attacking Judaism as the obstacle to a Christian utopia on earth .
Nevertheless , the current Israeli government views the growth of Christian Zionism as an opportunity for building increased support internationally for Israeli policies and is endorsing the spread of this ideology and activism around the globe .
Even liberals on this issue are simply uninformed .
In a conversation at the J Street conference , a U.S. Congressman told me that Hagee could not possibly be spreading antisemitic notions .
“ You must be confused , ” he added .
“ Hagee is pro-Israel ! ”
If progressive Jewish organizations are going to challenge the shortsighted embrace of Christian Zionists , they will have to become literate in end times narratives
The widely held belief that a visibly “ pro-Israel ” Christian Zionist could not possibly be a danger to Jews , needs to be reevaluated .
If J Street or other moderate and progressive Jewish organizations are going to challenge the shortsighted embrace of Christian Zionists , they will have to become literate in end times narratives , and competent in explaining the serious threats , to both Israel and Jews worldwide , from this millennial movement .
Although the Midtown office market appears to be improving , many real estate executives expect vacancy rates to rise downtown as companies like Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch , Nomura and A.I.G. move to new locations or shrink .
“ Downtown is a much more volatile and fragile market than Midtown , because of the overhang of large tenants with expiring leases , ” said Robert L. Freedman , executive chairman of the commercial real estate company FirstService Williams .
The long - simmering dispute pitted Mr. Silverstein , backed by Mayor Bloomberg and Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver , against the Port Authority and the governors of New York and New Jersey .
The two sides were barely on speaking terms when Mr. Silverstein , chief executive of Silverstein Properties , or S.P.I. , took the matter to the arbitration panel in August .
He claimed that long delays by the Port Authority in rebuilding the infrastructure at ground zero had undermined his ability to attract tenants and get the financing .
He asked the panel to rule that the Port Authority had breached its obligation , and he sought 10 years of free rent and a declaration that the authority had violated the development contract , opening up the possibility for up to $ 2.75 billion in damages as a remedy .
But the arbitrators ruled that Mr. Silverstein “ has not shown that any action or inaction ” by the Port Authority to date “ has actually delayed or damaged S.P.I. in its construction of the towers . ”
Indeed , the arbitrators said that witnesses for Mr. Silverstein acknowledged that construction of the towers could proceed “ if the funding problem did not exist . ”
The arbitrators did say that the Port Authority performed inadequately in 2006 and 2007 in meeting its obligations under the development agreement .
But since Christopher O. Ward became executive director of the Port Authority in 2008 , the arbitrators said , “ much has changed , contracts have been let , and the infrastructure work is moving head . ”
“ Meanwhile , ” they said , the Port Authority “ has invested or committed over $ 2.3 billion to redevelopment of the site . ”
They also said the authority had made “ significant concessions and adjustments ” for Mr. Silverstein .
At the same time , the panel left open the possibility that Silverstein Properties could be entitled to “ possible ground rent damages ” in the future .
The hiring of temporary workers has surged , suggesting that the nation ’s employers might soon take the next step , bringing on permanent workers , if they can just convince themselves that the upturn in the economy will be sustained .
As demand rose after the last two recessions , in the early 1990s and in 2001 , employers moved more quickly .
They added temps for only two or three months before stepping up the hiring of permanent workers .
Now temp hiring has risen for four months , the economy is growing , and still corporate managers have been reluctant to shift to hiring permanent workers , relying instead on temps and other casual labor easily shed if demand slows again .
“ When a job comes open now , our members fill it with a temp , or they extend a part - timer ’s hours , or they bring in a freelancer  and then they wait to see what will happen next , ” said William J. Dennis Jr. , director of research for the National Federation of Independent Business .
The rising employment of temp workers is not all bad .
However uncertain their status , they do count in government statistics as wage - earning workers , adding to the employment rolls and helping to bring down the monthly job loss to just 11,000 in November .
Indeed , the unemployment rate fell in 36 states in November , the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported last week , partly because of the growing use of temps .
In C++ , 0 is an abused integer .
It is used to reflect , well , 0 as a value of type int and it is also used to represent a null pointer ...
The latter has led to many bugs and confusion over the past 30 years .
Put simply , using 0 is and has always been a bad idea ( then there 's the NULL macro ... ) .
Well , my friends , today , with the release of Visual Studio 2010 Beta 2 and the updated C++ language , compilers and libraries that come with it , the abuse of 0 comes to an end : Introducing nullptr the rvalue constant that actually is a null pointer literal .
Who better to dig deep into nullptr ( and a few other topics of related interest and importance ) than the great and gifted Stephan T. Lavavej ?
Stephen is a C++ expert and library author who you 've met before a few times on C9 .
Sit back , relax and learn everything you ever wanted to know about nullptr .
Thank you , Stephen , for the awesome lesson !
Enjoy !
VC Team Blog : https://blogs.msdn.com/vcblog/default.aspx
In recent months , UK politics has changed .
The debate , for now at least , rests on who can credibly spend less , rather than more .
That 's a credit to the Conservatives .
Having said that , all the Tories have really done is utter publicly what the vast majority of the public already knows – that the UK has been living beyond its means and needs to grab its public finances by the scruff of the neck .
January 20 , 2010 — Hans
Today I finally succeeded to build KDE trunk ( development version of KDE SC ) after previously struggling with some Phonon - related problems .
I decided to start from scratch , and while the overall process was quite smooth , I managed to hit some bumps along the way .
Below I ’ve shared my experience .
First I want to remind you that this is n’t a comprehensive guide to build KDE SC from SVN – you can find those on Techbase .
I followed much of the Getting Started / Build / KDE4 guide to get started .
Introduction
I ’ve found it easiest to build KDE trunk using a tool called kdesvn - build .
From its
Techbase page :
kdesvn - build is a tool to allow users and developers to easily download and build the latest versions of the KDE Software Compilation ( KDE SC ) from the KDE source code repositories .
It automates the following tasks and more : Performing the initial checkout .
Handling updates for modules that are already checked out .
Setting up the build system for the module .
Performing the build and install .
Specifying your CMake options or configure flags ( so you do n’t have to remember them every time ) .
It ’s basically a script that does the hard work for you .
And it ’s pretty , too .
kdesvn - build in action
Since I want to keep my stable KDE SC version , I have a special user called kde - devel to run trunk .
Everything will be install in this user ’s home directory – no root access is needed , and if something breaks , the risk is minimal that it ’ll affect my whole system .
You can do the same with your usual user and some scripts , see Increased Productivity in KDE4 with Scripts for more information .
1. Create and setup user
First this kde - devel user has to be created :
useradd -m - G [ groups ] -s / bin / bash kde - devel
[ groups ] depends on how much rights you want to give this user , for example the right to access sound or use sudo .
For my kde - devel I used
useradd -m - G users , audio , optical , storage , video -s / bin / bash kde - devel
Now , add a password :
passwd kde - devel
To use applications from trunk instead of the stable version installed , you have to set the correct environmental variables .
I added the code from this example . bashrc to / home / kde- devel / . bashrc and changed the line
export QTDIR=$HOME / qt-kde
to
export QTDIR=$HOME/qt4
since that ’s where qt-copy will be installed .
2. Install required packages
I ’m an Arch Linux user and used the command here to install the required packages .
You can find similar information for your distribution on this page .
Regarding Qt , . kdesvn-buildrc ( more about this configuration file later ) states :
# KDE / trunk requires a very recent
Qt so qt-copy is the best route if you're
# building / trunk .
If you are building an older branch you may use your
# system installed Qt by setting qtdir to point to it ( what qmake -v
# reports with the / lib removed ) .
So , I chose to let kdesvn - build compile qt-copy as well .
3 . Get and setup kdesvn- build
At the time of writing , the latest version of kdesvn - build is 1.11 .
If you want to use the commands below , substitute < version > with your version number , e.g. 1.11 .
I downloaded kdesvn - build as kde - devel and extracted the tar to ~ / kdesvn / kdesvn - build ( you may choose a different location if you want ) :
su - kde- devel
< write password for kde - devel >
mkdir -p ~/kdesvn/kdesvn-build
wget http://kdesvn-build.kde.org/releases/kdesvn-build-<version>.tar.bz2
tar xjvf kdesvn - build -< version >.tar.bz2 -C ~/kdesvn/kdesvn-build/
Before using kdesvn - build it needs to be configured .
There ’s a sample configuration file in the extracted directory – all we have to do is to copy it to ~/. kdesvn - buildrc and edit it to fit our needs .
cp ~/kdesvn/kdesvn-build/kdesvn-build-<version>/kdesvn-buildrc-sample ~/.kdesvn-buildrc
< your favorite editor >
~/.kdesvn-buildrc
The file is quite long , but do n’t worry , most of the text consists of comments .
I found the default configuration to be good for my purposes , the only thing I did was to comment out some modules that I did n’t want , for example
#module kdetoys
#end module
By default KDE trunk and Qt will be installed at ~ / kde and ~ / qt4 , respectively .
4. Build
When everything has been set up we can let kdesvn - build perform its magic .
As kde - devel :
~/kdesvn/kdesvn-build/kdesvn-build-<version>/kdesvn-build
Be patient , this will take a while .
I encountered some problems during the build – see the next section for solutions .
Remember that you can cancel the build with Ctrl - C .
kdesvn - build also offers some useful options , use -- help to list them all .
~/kdesvn/kdesvn-build/kdesvn-build-<version>/kdesvn-build
-- help
5. Troubleshooting
As said , the process was n’t flawless for me – actually , I ran into a problem very early .
If you use the same version of kdesvn - build , it ’s likely you ’ll encounter this as well .
Ca n’t checkout qt-copy
Error updating qt-copy , removing from list of packages to build .
> Can't checkout qt-copy :
No such file or directory at / home / kde- devel / .bin / kdesvn-build line 1981 .
The problem is known , but I ’m not sure if I can say the same about the cause .
If you look in the logs you ’ll see
less ~/kdesvn/log/latest/qt-copy/error.log
# kdesvn - build running : ' git ' ' clone ' '--'
'git://gitorious.org/+kde-developers/qt/kde-qt.git' '/home/kde-devel/kdesvn/qt-copy '
Initialized empty Git repository in /home / kde- devel / kdesvn/qt-copy/.git/
fatal :
The remote end hung up unexpectedly
fatal : early EOF
fatal : index - pack failed
To solve it I cloned the git repository manually by copy - pasting the command from the log :
' git ' ' clone ' '--'
'git://gitorious.org/+kde-developers/qt/kde-qt.git' '/home/kde-devel/kdesvn/qt-copy '
Here kdesvn - build has no problem to update and build qt-copy after this fix .
Phonon - related problems
Apparently kdebase needs
Phonon from kdesupport now , which also is the default option in the new kdesvn - buildrc - sample file .
My problems with Phonon vanished after upgrading to kdesvn - build 1.11 and making a new .
kdesvn - buildrc based on the new sample file .
file INSTALL cannot copy file
CMake Error at workspace / plasma/ generic/scriptengines/python/cmake_install.cmake:76 ( FILE ) :
file INSTALL cannot copy file
" /home/kde-devel/kdesvn/kdebase/workspace/plasma/generic/scriptengines/python/plasmascript.py "
to " /usr/lib/python2.6/site-packages/PyKDE4/plasmascript.py " .
Call Stack ( most recent call first ) :
workspace / plasma/generic/scriptengines/cmake_install.cmake:39 ( INCLUDE )
workspace / plasma/generic/cmake_install.cmake:42 ( INCLUDE )
workspace / plasma/cmake_install.cmake:38 ( INCLUDE )
workspace/cmake_install.cmake:90 ( INCLUDE )
cmake_install.cmake:39 ( INCLUDE )
The first time I ran kdesvn - build , kdebase failed to compile due to this error .
A quick search pointed me to this Techbase page , which says
try to set : - DPYTHON_SITE_PACKAGES_DIR=~/.local/lib/python2.6/site-packages
( check that this path corresponds to something in your system , you might have a different version of python ) as a parameter for cmake ( or cmakekde )
I had no idea how to do that , so I asked on IRC and was suggested to run cmake .
- DPYTHON_SITE_PACKAGES_DIR=[...] in the kdebase build directory :
cd ~/kdesvn/build/kdebase
cmake .
- DPYTHON_SITE_PACKAGES_DIR=~/.local/lib/python2.6/site-packages
make
make install
Other problems
I did n’t run into any other problems , but if you do , I recommend that you check out Troubleshooting on Techbase and see if you find a solution .
Sometimes some modules simply wo n’t compile , with a higher risk on Mondays .
Visit Dashboard to see the build status .
6. Run
Now finally for the fun part – trying out new features in trunk .
You can find more information about this topic on this page .
Launch applications
Sometimes I want to launch the trunk version of individual applications from my stable KDE SC session , for example if I want to see if I can reproduce a bug .
To handle things like the DISPLAY variable I use sux , which is available in many distribution repositories .
( If you ’re an Arch user like me , you can get it from AUR ) .
For example , to run Dolphin :
sux - kde- devel
< write kde - devel password >
dolphin
As simple as that .
The - after sux is very important – it ensures that the environmental variables we set in / home / kde - devel / . bashrc are used .
Start a new session
You can also start a full KDE trunk session , but first you need to tell your login manager how to start it .
For KDM this is done by adding a desktop file to `kde4 - config -- prefix` / share / apps / kdm/sessions / .
We want to add it to our stable version of KDM , so make sure to use another user than kde - devel for the following commands ( you ’ll need root privileges ) :
cd `kde4 - config -- prefix` / share / apps / kdm/sessions / # use kde - config if you 're on KDE SC 3.x
cp kde.desktop kdetrunk.desktop
< your favorite editor > kdetrunk.desktop
Change the lines ( yours might differ slightly )
Exec=/usr/bin/startkde
TryExec=/usr / bin/startkde
to where you ’ve installed trunk , in my case
Exec=/home/kde-devel/kde/bin/startkde
TryExec=/ home/ kde-devel/kde/bin/startkde
and Name=KDE to something else , for example Name=KDE trunk .
That ’s it .
Now you can start a new session ( Leave -> Switch User from the default application launcher ) , choose “ KDE trunk ” and login with your kde - devel user .
To switch between sessions , you can use Ctrl - Alt - Fx , usually Ctrl - Alt - F7 and Ctrl - Alt - F8 .
It ’s also possible to run a nested session , see Techbase for more information .
Tips
I hope this has helped some to build KDE SC from SVN , and I look forward to hearing your feedback .
Before I go back and play around in trunk , I ’ll share some tips with you .
Make it easier to run kdesvn - build
By adding kdesvn - build to your PATH , you can run the script by simply typing kdesvn - build .
I do this by making a symlink in ~/.bin and adding that directory to PATH :
su - kde- devel
mkdir -p .bin
ln -s kdesvn/kdesvn-build/kdesvn-build-<version>/kdesvn-build .bin/
and add the line
PATH=$PATH :$HOME /.bin
to ~/.bash_profile .
Next time you login you can simply use the command kdesvn - build .
Make it even easier to run kdesvn - build
If you like to update often , you can add kdesvn - build to your regular user ’s application launcher .
Run kmenuedit Navigate to where you want to put kdesvn - build Click on New Item in the toolbar and name it kdesvn - build Click on the icon to choose a nice icon for the menu item Enter < path to kdesvn - build > in Command , for example / home / kde- devel / kdesvn/kdesvn-build/kdesvn-build -< version > / kdesvn-build Click on Advanced and check Run in terminal and Run as different user Write kde - devel as username and click on Save in the toolbar
If you use Konsole as your terminal you can add -- noclose in Terminal options to make it stay open after the build is finished .
Check logs for errors
If a module failed to build , it ’s often a good idea to check the logs to see what went wrong .
By default kdesvn - build stores them at ~/ kdesvn /log .
I ’ve found it useful to make a symlink to the latest logs in the home direcory of kde - devel :
ln -s ~/kdesvn/log/latest/ ~/log
Pause kdesvn- build
So kdesvn - build is halfway through compiling kdebase when you realize you want to watch a HD movie – what to do ?
No worries , you can easily pause the script ( this wo n’t work if you use the tip from “ Make it even easier to run kdesvn - build ” ) .
To pause the script , press Ctrl - Z .
You ’ll see something like
[ 1 ] +
Stopped kdesvn- build
The number within the brackets is the job number , in this example 1 .
To resume it , run
fg 1
where fg stands for foreground and 1 is the job number .
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A new species of cricket has been caught on camera - and its bizarre behaviour has surprised scientists .
Far from living up to the cricket 's plant - destroying reputation , this species lends a helping hand to flora by acting as a pollinator .
Scientists say this is the first time a cricket has been spotted pollinating a flower - in this case , an orchid .
A study of the nocturnal insect , which was found on the island of Reunion , has been published in the Annals of Botany .
The creature has yet to be given a scientific name , but it belongs to the Glomeremus genus of crickets , which are also known as raspy crickets .
Crickets usually eat flowers , not pollinate them
Claire Micheneau , University of Reunion
The insect was spotted by researchers who were attempting to find out how a species of orchid called Angraecum cadetii was being pollinated .
This green - white flower is closely related to the comet orchid , which is found in Madagascar .
Naturalist Charles Darwin predicted that because the comet orchid has an incredibly long nectar spur ( the part of the plant that holds the sweet nectar ) , it would be pollinated by an insect with an equally long tongue .
It was later found that the nocturnal hawk moth with a proboscis measuring approximately 35 cm ( 14in ) in length was the pollinator .
However on Reunion , which is situated in the Indian Ocean , hawk moths are very rare and the Angraecum cadetii orchid has a shorter nectar spur than its Madagascan relative , so scientists suspected something else was pollinating it .
To solve this mystery , scientists trained a night - vision camera on the flower .
Scientists were trying to work out how this orchid was pollinated Claire Micheneau , from the University of Reunion , who carried out the research with the UK's Royal Botanical Gardens ( RBG ) , Kew , and the University of Strasbourg , France , told BBC News : " We were very surprised when we saw a cricket .
" Crickets usually eat flowers , not pollinate them . "
The film shows a wingless cricket , which measures about 2 - 3 cm ( 0.8 - 1.2in ) in length and has extremely long antennae .
It crawls onto the flower and pokes its head in to the nectar spur to drink up the sweet liquid before leaving with lumps of pollen attached to its head and visiting other flowers on the orchid .
Dr Micheneau said : " This is the first time that we have seen flowers being regularly pollinated by a cricket . "
The team added that the cricket seemed to be the only pollinator present on the flower and that it was extremely effective at doing the job , possibly thanks to the fact that the size of its head matched the size of the nectar opening on the orchid .
' Sophisticated ' cricket Further analysis of the cricket revealed that the species was new to science .
Orchids rarely co-evolve with their pollinators
Professor Mark Chase , RBG Kew Professor Mark Chase , director of the Jodrell Laboratory at RBG Kew , said : " It really is a completely bizarre thing for a cricket to do and it is strange for an orchid to become adapted to that kind of pollinator . "
The team added that the cricket was also unusual in other ways .
Professor Chase explained : " They do some fairly sophisticated things by cricket standards .
" Most crickets just stop eating and find a place to hide away during the daytime and it's usually a different place every time .
But this one finds its way back to its own specific nest .
" And that is a key thing for being able to re-locate the orchids , because they go back to those several times , and it is that capacity to keep track of where they are in their environment that allows them to do this sort of navigation . "
The research team is now looking at how the relationship may have come about .
Professor Chase said : " Orchids rarely co-evolve with their pollinators , mostly it is a case of the orchid adapting to an insect or animal that already exists that may visit flowers of other plants , and the orchids sort of tap into that . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Existing building work continued the day after the announcement
Israel 's government has approved 28 new schools for settlements in the West Bank , a day after it announced a 10 - month halt to new residential building .
Defence Minister Ehud Barak said construction would completed before the beginning of the 2010 - 11 school year .
Settlers have been angered by the decision to limit building , although the Palestinians say it is not enough .
They refuse to restart peace talks without a total freeze and are angry the policy does not include Jerusalem .
Under the Israeli new policy , backed by the security cabinet on Wednesday , permits for new homes in the West Bank will not be approved for 10 months .
But municipal buildings and hundreds of houses already under construction will still be allowed to go ahead .
Netanyahu has betrayed the very principles for which he stood for all his life
Danny Dayan
Chairman of the Yesha Council The Palestinian Authority and some members of the international community , including Russia and the UK , want Israel to go further and include East Jerusalem .
However , Israel does not consider Jerusalem occupied territory .
Nevertheless , right - wing Israeli leaders have been angered by what they see as capitulation by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , leader of the Likud party , and vowed to keep building .
The chairman of the settler group , the Yesha Council , Danny Dayan said on Wednesday that Mr Netanyahu had " betrayed the very principles for which he stood for all his life " .
' Real test '
After approving the 28 educational institutions , Mr Barak said : " Alongside our duty to be open and attentive to the settler public we must not confuse ourselves , the state means what it says . "
" Everybody who asks whether the political echelon intends to fulfil its decision , I say , the answer is positive .
This is a real test for the Israeli democracy , " he added .
The row over settlements has dogged US President Barack Obama 's attempts to restart peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians since he took office .
Israel previously pledged to freeze all settlement activity under the 2003 Middle East peace plan known as the Roadmap , which also called on the Palestinian Authority to dismantle militant groups .
However , the administration of former US President George W Bush did not pressure it to curtail building in the settlement blocs which it was widely expected to keep in any eventual deal .
Mr Obama 's administration began by pressing for a total freeze , but softened its language in the face of refusals from Mr Netanyahu and his right - leaning government .
Nearly 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built on occupied territory in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
Settlement building in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , is illegal under international law - although Israel disputes this .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For most of a decade , scientists have documented unfelt and slow - moving seismic events , called episodic tremor and slip , showing up in regular cycles under the Olympic Peninsula of Washington state and Vancouver Island in British Columbia .
They last three weeks on average and release as much energy as a magnitude 6.5 earthquake .
Now scientists have discovered more small events , lasting one to 70 hours , which occur in somewhat regular patterns during the 15 - month intervals between episodic tremor and slip events .
" There appear to be tremor swarms that repeat , both in terms of their duration and in where they are .
We have n't seen enough yet to say whether they repeat in regular time intervals , " said Kenneth Creager , a University of Washington professor of Earth and space sciences .
" This continues to paint the picture of the possibility that a megathrust earthquake can occur closer to the Puget Sound region than was thought just a few years ago , " he said .
The phenomenon , which Creager discussed during a presentation at the annual meeting of the American Geophysical Union , is the latest piece of evidence as scientists puzzle out exactly what is happening deep below the surface near Washington state 's populous Interstate 5 corridor .
He noted that the work shows that tremor swarms follow a size distribution similar to earthquakes , with larger events occurring much less frequently than small events .
The Cascadia subduction zone , where the Juan de Fuca tectonic plate dips beneath the North American plate , runs just off the Pacific coast from northern California to the northern edge of Vancouver Island in British Columbia .
It can be the source of massive megathrust earthquakes on the order of magnitude 9 about every 500 years .
The last one occurred in 1700 .
advertisement
The fault along the central Washington coast , where the Pacific and Juan de Fuca plates are locked together most of the time but break apart from each other during a powerful megathrust earthquake , was believed to lie 80 miles or more from the Seattle area .
But research has shown that the locked zone extends deeper and farther east than previously thought , bringing the edge of the rupture zone beneath the Olympic Mountains , perhaps 40 miles closer to the Seattle area .
It is this locked area that can rupture to produce a megathrust earthquake that causes widespread heavy damage , comparable to the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake or the great Alaska quake of 1964 .
Episodic tremor and slip events appear to occur at the interface of the plates as they gradually descend beneath the surface , at depths of about 19 to 28 miles .
The smaller tremors between slip episodes , what Creager refers to as inter-episodic tremor and slip events , appear to occur at the interface of the plates a little farther east and a few miles deeper .
" There 's a whole range of events that take place on or near the plate interface .
Each improvement in data collection and processing reveals new discoveries , " Creager said .
Episodic tremor and slip events often begin in the area of Olympia , Wash . , and move northward to southern Vancouver Island over a three - week period , but scientists have yet to pin down such patterns among the smaller tremors that occur between the slip events .
Because the two tectonic plates are locked together , stress builds at their interface as they collide with each other at a rate of about 4 centimeters ( 1.6 inches ) a year .
The slip events and smaller tremors ease some of that stress locally , Creager said , but they do n't appear to account for all of it .
" Each one of these slip events puts more stress on the area of the plate boundary where megathrust earthquakes occur , which is shallower and farther to the west , bringing you closer to the next big event , " he said .
" There 's nothing to tell you which one will be the trigger . "
Since the slip events and intervening small tremors do n't accommodate all of the stress built up on the fault , scientists are getting a better idea of just what the hazard from a megathrust earthquake is in the Seattle area .
One benefit from that is the ability to revise building codes so structures will be better able to withstand the immense shaking from a great quake , particularly if the source is substantially closer to the city than it was previously expected to be .
" We 'd like to go back and see how much slip has occurred in these slip events , compared to how much should have occurred , " Creager said .
" Then we 'll know how much of that slip will have to be accommodated in a megathrust earthquake , or through other processes . "
Devtmpfs , aka ' devfs 2.0 ' to its detractors , should allow the Linux kernel to start faster and run without udev .
Support has been added for ACPI 4.0 and there are two new make targets which generate kernel configurations attuned to the running system .
Changes to the power management subsystem increase data throughput and allow better use of runtime power saving features on modern I /O devices .
On releasing Linux 2.6.32 - rc8 , Linus Torvalds hinted that kernel version 2.6.32 could be released by the end of this month .
The Kernel Log therefore brings its reporting on the changes in kernel 2.6.32 to an end , dedicating the sixth article in the ' What 's coming in 2.6.32 ' series to changes in and around the kernel infrastructure .
The first four articles in the series dealt with changes in the networking subsystem , in the graphics hardware , in storage hardware and file systems and in other drivers , while the fifth article looked at architecture code , memory management , virtualisation and tracing .
ACPI , PCI and PM
Various patches add support for ACPIÂ 4.0 to the Linux kernel .
They are accompanied by a driver for ACPIÂ 4.0 - compliant power meters and an ACPI Processor Aggregator Device Driver .
The latter makes individual CPUs idle when instructed to do so via ACPIÂ 4.0 , in order to temporarily reduce power consumption in the event , for example , of an electrical emergency or impending overheating .
This allows a system to continuing running , albeit with reduced performance , rather than switching itself off .
Its merger followed a long discussion in which Torvalds spoke out in favour of the driver â details can be found in an article on LWN.
net .
VGA arbitration patches have now been integrated into the PCI subsystem .
On systems with multiple graphics cards running X server version 1.7 or later , this code ensures that each graphics card receives the correct X server VGA command , offering a big increase in flexibility when setting up multi-seat environments .
Details can be found in the kernel documentation and in two old blog entries by Dave Airlie and Tiago Vignatti .
PCI subsystem maintainer Jesse Barnes lists several further major changes within the PCI subsystem in his main git pull request .
These include enhancements for PCI ASPM ( Active State Power Management ) and improved reset options for PCIe devices â the changes implementing these enhancements are listed at the end of this article .
Several major changes to the power management code create the basis for making better use of the runtime power saving features on modern I/O devices â details can be found in this LWN .
net article .
An enhancement to the Cpuidle framework , also explained on LWN.net , should increase I/O throughput on larger servers in particular â in some cases significantly .
Further changes to the power management code are listed in Rafael J. Wysocki's main git pull request .
Scheduling and security
There have been numerous enhancements to the kernel scheduler , which is responsible for allocating processor time to different applications ( 1 , Â 2 ) .
After a fork , the kernel does not , now , execute the child process first .
There is also the new SCHED_RESET_ON_FORK flag â if set , the kernel will reset the priority of child processes to the default â background information on these two changes can be found in two LWN .
net articles ( 1 , Â 2 ) .
Changes to the process scheduler also eliminate two weaknesses found in speed comparisons made using Con Kolivas ' recently published and independently developed BFS ( " Brain Fuck Scheduler " ) .
One of these problems resulted in x264 encoding being significantly slowed on multi-core systems .
One of the x264 developers explains the background to this problem on a blog and also takes the opportunity to make some recommendations on improving collaboration between developers .
Sysfs now supports security labels , allowing security frameworks such as SELinux to monitor access to the virtual file system .
Crypto subsystem maintainer Herbert Xu has summarised some of the more significant cryptography - related changes in his main git pull request for 2.6.32 .
A second shot at devfs
Following lengthy discussions over the summer , devtmpfs , aka ' devfs 2.0 ' to its detractors , has now made it into the kernel .
It allows the kernel , on booting , to itself create and mount a RAMdisk populated with a device file system .
This can speed up boot time and makes it possible to boot without using an initrd populated with udev or similar .
These , however , are just some of the benefits of devtmpfs , which has come under heavy fire from some quarters .
Torvalds , however , liked the concept , in particular the fact that the kernel is now able to carry out the whole boot process autonomously .
How it works is explained in an old LWN .
net article .
Directly after it was merged , it was realised that udev would still be required after booting , in order ( among other things ) to set privileges for / dev/null and / dev/zero .
A hastily added patch now allows the kernel to take care of this too .
Suitably configured
Kernel testers can now use the new ' localmodconfig ' make target to , relatively simply , create a kernel configuration attuned to the distribution and hardware being used , and which does not compile any unneeded modules .
This uses the configuration file for the currently running kernel and deactivates all modules which are not loaded in the kernel when it is run .
As a consequence , drivers for hardware which is not connected when the make is called , such as USB devices , may be omitted .
For testers , however , it has the potential to save a bunch of time when generating a kernel , as explained in a git pull request by Steven Rostedt , the kernel hacker responsible for this change .
Rostedt also explains how it works and describes the ' localyesconfig ' make target , which generates a kernel configuration into which all modules loaded when it is called are compiled .
Minor Gems
Many further minor , but by no means insignificant , changes can be found in the list below .
Like many of the references in the text above , the links point to the relevant commits in the web front end of the Git branch at kernel.org that Linus Torvalds uses for maintaining the kernel sources .
There , the commit comments and the patches themselves provide extensive further information on the respective changes .
ACPI
Crypto
LVM , SELinux , ..,
PCI
PM
Process Scheduler
Various other changes
Latecomers
The previous five parts of the Kernel Log mini series have already given a detailed overview of the many changes in of the Linux kernel .
All of the major enhancements have already been mentioned there , as they entered the main development branch during the first phase of the development cycle .
But some small , usually not quite as important changes that fall in the " minor gems " section entered the kernel later â for completeness , we have included these changes in the following list .
Graphics
Network
For other articles on 2.6.32 and links to the rest of the " Coming in 2.6.32 " series , see The H's Kernel Log - 2.6.32 Tracking page .
( thl / c't ) .
( crve )
Strange , but candidate Obama sounds like the furthest thing in the world from a ' Blue Dog ' in that speech .
If anything , he resoundingly sounds like a progressive populist ready to take on the ' status quo ' no matter what the cost .
But hindsight is 20 / 20 , and as time has gone by , the ' real ' Obama has emerged .
In this scenario , Obama has always been more comfortable with the center - right forces within the Democratic party -- Senator Max Baucus and the Blue Dogs - - and the Clintonistas of DLC lineage who now fill his administration .
His real political challenge was to string along the liberals with reassuring talk until they were stuck with lousy choices -- either go along with this popular president 's pale version of reform or take him on and risk ruining his presidency .
This sounds a lot like the choices Democrats faced during the Clinton years .
Candidate Obama said it was " time to turn the page . "
We are still waiting to see what he meant .
I do not subscribe to the manipulative , deceptive portrait ( not yet ) , but you can find lots of supporting evidence in Obama 's behavior .
His response to the financial crisis demonstrates a clear desire to restore Wall Street power , not to change it .
His war strategy in Afghanistan looks like the familiar trap of open - ended counterinsurgency .
The trap may soon close on him when the generals announce their need for more troops .
Will this president dare to say no ?
Obama negotiated a truly ugly deal with the pharmaceutical industry - - a promise not to use government bargaining power to bring down drug prices .
His lieutenants still yearn to demonstrate " fiscal responsibility ' by taxing the health - care benefits of union members or whacking Social Security .
http://www.thenation.com/...
In the above video President Obama speaks of ' shared responsibilities ' yet , to the contrary he has failed beyond reason to hold Wall Street and the Banks accountable for the greatest ' Heist ' and transfer of wealth with controlled fraud , but has egregiously failed to stand up and demand an emergency reinstatement of the Glass - Steagall Act , or do as the the British government and now France have done which is to unilaterally announced a one - off tax of 50 percent on bankers ' bonuses above $ 40,700 .
Indeed , President Obama has surrounded himself with the same group of ' failed ' Wall Street insiders : Rubin , Summers , Geithner and Bernanke who were most certainly responsible for the destruction of our economy in the first place .
President Obama talks about a ' Rescue for the Middle Class ' in the above video , yet to date , let us take a simple program that again shows the stark reality of Main Street vs. Wall Street / Bankers that was reported by Elizabeth Warren :
* Nationwide , only 10,187 homeowners have received permanent mortgage modifications .
That 's only 4.7 percent of those enrolled in three - month trial plans .
In October , Herbert M. Allison Jr. , the Treasury Department 's assistant secretary for financial stability , told the panel that Treasury had internally forecast that " up to 75 percent " of trial modifications would achieve permanent status .
*
Of the 79 mortgage services enrolled in the program , only 10 have received payment for successfully modifying loans on a permanent basis .
They earned $ 2.3 million for their efforts .
By contrast , the administration had set aside $ 50 billion in bailout money for modifications on mortgages not owned by government - backed mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The data is through the end of October .
The administration launched its foreclosure prevention drive in March .
HAMP was supposed to help three to four million homeowners avoid foreclosure by modifying their mortgages , enabling them to make lower monthly payments .
But with 10 percent unemployment ( a 26 - year - high ) , mounting foreclosures and as many as one third of all homeowners with a mortgage currently owing more on the mortgage than the underlying property is worth , the program simply " is n't working , " Warren said .
" The program that Treasury has designed does not have the scope , the scale , or the permanence needed to deal with the foreclosure problem , " she said .
It 's a stinging indictment of a program launched to great fanfare not even a year ago , as President Obama sought to help aggrieved homeowners on Main Street who had watched for months as massive infusions of taxpayer dollars went to Wall Street instead .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
It is simply stunning to me to find the ' hidden duplicity ' that President Obama seems to believe that he is somehow ' getting away with ' and that perhaps ' his base ' are not noticing what is really going on behind closed doors as opposed to this ' Main Street Mask ' he wears in front of the camera , while all actions speak otherwise :
President Barack Obama is actively discouraging Senate Democrats in their effort to include a public insurance option with a state opt - out clause as part of health care reform .
In its place , say multiple Democratic sources , Obama has indicated a preference for an alternative policy , favored by the insurance industry , which would see a public plan " triggered " into effect in the future by a failure of the industry to meet certain benchmarks .
The administration retreat runs counter to the letter and the spirit of Obama 's presidential campaign .
The man who ran on the " Audacity of Hope " has now taken a more conservative stand than Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) , leaving progressives with a mix of confusion and outrage .
Democratic leaders on Capitol Hill have battled conservatives in their own party in an effort to get the 60 votes needed to overcome a filibuster .
Now tantalizingly close , they are calling for Obama to step up .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
In the above video , President Obama talks about how ' Wall Street should know better ' - as if that were all he had the power to do : scold them , instead of taking direct action as mentioned above in my diary : Reinstate the Glass - Steagall Act , Tax the bonuses up to 50 percent as has the UK and France , place a tax on trades within Wall Street itself , and above all , demand a real Pecora Commission with an Independent Investigator of exactly what happened and who was responsible for taking our economy down like the Titanic .
But let 's take a closer look at the comparison between the current projected ' bonuses ' that Wall Street and the Bankers are paying out this year of all time ' record profits ' based on ' our dime ' - $ 140 billion is the amount of projected bonuses this year :
How much is $ 140 billion ?
The U.S. economy grew at a $ 89 billion annualized rate in the third quarter .
That was the first growth since the second quarter of 2008 and came to $ 22 billion in actual growth in the third quarter .
The bankers , after causing the greatest economic calamity since the Great Depression , are rewarded with six times the growth accomplished so far in the much heralded " economic recovery . "
Meanwhile , seven million families face foreclosure and 25 million Americans can’t find full time work .
http://www.ianwelsh.net/...
Tom Hartman sees very clearly exactly what the ' duplicity ' of President Obama is leading to :
First they came for the banksters , and showered them with money and put them in the Administration in a way that was not change we could believe in .
Then they came for the military industrial complex , and sent more and more of our children to die in faraway lands that had never attacked us in a way that was not change we could believe in .
And now they 've sold out our hope for a national health care system now run by millionaire gangsters in suits .
And who is left to speak for us ?
First Obama continued Bush 's policy of giving the banksters money , and we protested feebly .
Then he expanded Bush 's wars , and we protested more loudly .
Now he 's going to force us to give trillions to the gangsters who run the " health insurance " companies ( while they promise to behave nicely in return ) and thinks we 're going to go along with it and it 'll get him re-elected .
He 's wrong .
And that 's why Obama is heading for a disaster .
Please , President Obama , step up and lead .
We 'd like some that " change we can believe in " that 's actually the real thing .
http://smirkingchimp.com/...
One of the primary reasons Americans will not be able to ' negotiate ' with other countries for cheaper drugs , has to do with the ' closed door ' deal the President Obama made with Big Pharma .
This ' deal ' will cost the American people billions and billions of dollars over the next several years .
The people that will be affected are those that are least able to pay for their prescriptions , such as the elderly and the disabled .
Americans already pay up to 50 percent higher costs in drugs than any other nation .
Hat tip to ' lizard people ' for this video .
The reason that I did this ' video ' diary was because I wanted everyone to actually see the ' Candidate ' that we placed our trust in , not just from memory but through the words , actions and deeds of President Obama .
It is easy to say such things as : I always knew that Obama was a corporate centrist now , but watching these videos tells an entirely different story , when we all worked our asses off to get him elected .
I do n't even recognize the person I worked so hard for who is our Commander in Chief and President these days .
I am not so naive as to believe that there are some politicians that will ' say anything , no matter how big the lie ' to get elected , but in the case of President Obama , he instilled in the hearts of millions of suffering and forgotten middle class and poverty stricken people in our nation , that it was going to be a time to , above all change the status quo , and above all that this election , as he said , ' was our moment , our time , that it was about us ' and in the end , he has broken that bond of trust and and betrayed not just a small portion of his own party , the so called progressives , but has destroyed the ' confidence ' in his ability as a leader .
After the devastating results of Reagan , Bush and Clinton , we had this rare opportunity to reclaim the soul of the Democratic Party , the working man 's party , and now due to President Obama 's duplicity and corporate Wall Street / Banking ties that have become dubious and recalcitrant , President Obama ' instead of righting the ship ' and steering us clear of the dangers of being completely swallowed whole by the very Corporate Robber Barons he ' railed against ' during his campaign , he has become a ' moral political hazard ' to our own party and this maybe the last the season when Democrats reveal which side they are on .
We were told that if we did not bailout the Banks and Wall Street , our countries economy would be destroyed .
After bailing them out , our economy was destroyed regardless , and now these same crooks and liars are making record profits and the largest bonuses in the history of our nation .
Now President Obama is essentially pulling the exact same stunt : if we do not vote for the Health Care Reform bill , which is nothing more than another ' transfer of wealth ' to the Private Insurance Companies ( exactly like the Wall Street rip - off ) that our country will ' go bankrupt ' .
Here 's a clue President Obama :
We are already bankrupt , and because President Obama has refused to lead and has chosen instead to ' pretend ' he is working for Main Street , his duplicity has left his own party morally bankrupt , spiritually bankrupt and physically bankrupt .
Good luck getting one fucking penny from your so - called base .
We can thank Rahm for pushing the so called ' liberal agenda ' under the bus and trying to discredit Howard Dean and the entire Labor movement ' as just another bunch of lefty wing nuts ' - when it was n't about that at all .
It was always about the power and the money and making certain that above all the Robber Barons made out in the end because the more ' butter they had on their bread ' was and always has been the bottom line for Rahm and Obama .
What they are not ' getting ' is the tsunami that is rearing it 's 100 foot wave behind them as they are all slapping each other on the back , congratulating one another for the 60 votes they have ' blackmailed ' their Whorish counterparts for in the next great ' transfer of wealth ' to the Private Insurance Companies .
There is an enormous , rising tide of populism that crosses party lines in objection to the Senate bill .
We opposed the bank bailouts , the AIG bonuses , the lack of transparency about the Federal Reserve , " bailout " Ben Bernanke , and the way the Democrats have used their power to sell the country 's resources to secure their own personal advantage , just as the libertarians have .
In fact , we 've worked together with them to oppose these things .
What we agree on : both parties are working against the interests of the public , the only difference is in the messaging .
With unemployment at 10 % , the idea that you can pass a bill whose only merit is that " liberals hate it " just because the media will eat it up and print your talking points in the process is so cynical and short - sighted it 's hard to comprehend anyone would pursue it .
It reflects a total insensitivity to the rage that is brewing on the popular front , which is manifest in every single poll out there .
Yet time and again , we 're told " Obama retains his popularity with liberals " and that " screeching liberal bloggers " are n't having an impact .
Nobody seems to notice that the " screeching liberal bloggers " are reflecting the very same sentiments of the vast majority of the country , whether the very small segment of the population who self - identify as " extremely liberal " holds the President responsible or no .
Rahm Emanuel has convinced himself that Ron Brownstein is a " liberal " and dismisses all of this as " the progressive backlash against the progressive backlash . "
He 's betting that any inadequacies will be forgotten come November 2010 if the Dems can claim a " w " by passing any crap bill and slapping " health care " on it .
And that if Congress just spends the next year naming post offices , any objections that Americans might have to paying 8 % of their incomes to private corporations who will use the IRS as their collection agency will just disappear .
It 's scary to think that people this obscenely stupid are running the country .
All the while , the painfully obvious left / right transpartisan consensus that is coalescing against DC insiders of both parties appears to be taking everyone by surprise .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
I sadly must agree with that last sentence that reads :
' It is scary to think that people this obscenely stupid are running the country . '
The fact that President Obama actually believes along with that idiot Rahm or the Whorish Democratic Senators , that there is not a tsunami of epic rage coming right at them is utterly amazing to me .
The ' Candidate ' Obama in the videos above has somehow been swallowed whole by the ' machine ' that has become our ' Ruling Class Oligarchy ' whose hubris knows no bounds .
But there will be consequences and this will not end well .
Duplicity always has it 's price .
My heart aches for what could have been , what should have been , what has been lost and how much we as a political party will ' pay for ' the political moral hazard of ' Candidate Obama . '
Can we at least stop ' pretending ' that this election was ever ' about us , about Main Street , ' about the Middle Class or about fighting against the ' status quo ? '
The real President Obama is finally coming into vivid focus , but the videos I 've put in this diary are living proof of the ' Candidate Obama ' who seems to have vanished into thin air .
For many , Candidate Obama was a transcending political figure , the last great hope of finally digging the heart and soul of the Democratic party out of the depths and finding once again the ' intentions ' of justice for a ' new deal ' for a new and fresh start such as FDR presented during our last great depression .
To ' pretend ' that Candidate Obama did not present himself as this ' Warrior for Main Street ' is ludicrous at best , and to find that the person we elected has n't the stomach for standing up to Wall Street and the Banks , or the very Corporate interests he ran against , but has chosen to take ' the easy way out ' by abandoning those people that held their trust in his ' words ' is a betrayal that will not be forgotten for a very long time within our party .
Do n't take my word for it , just watch the videos .
UPDATE : Thanks for recommending this diary .
This has been one of the most difficult diaries I have ever written .
Like many of you who worked to so hard to make certain that President Obama was elected , I had great hopes that he meant those words that I have noted in these various videos .
I have not , nor plan to ' give up ' on my President or the Democratic party .
However , having said that , I was taught the difference between right and wrong , courage and cowardly behavior , that your word is your ' bond ' and that trust and integrity were standards and values that in the end , defines all of us as human beings and who and what we are .
Holding our elected ' public servants ' to their ' actions , words and deeds ' are all that we have in the end .
If we cannot demand that our elected officials honor the ' faith and trust ' of our political body , then we are lost .
I only hope that in holding President Obama 's feet to the fire , that he finds that person inside of him , to go forward on the behalf of the American people ( not Wall Street , not the Banks , not the Private Health Care Industry or Corporations ) but remember that we are the same people that expect a ' fair shake , a bit of justice , accountability and a honest days pay for an honest days labor . '
We are not looking for a ' handout ' like so many of these bailed out Corporations , but we are not going to stand helplessly by when blatant favoritism for these Corporations continues time and time again .
That is wrong .
That is ' selling us out ' and that is not who I voted for in this last election .
Enough is enough .
Thank you .
Tiny snails sitting on the ocean floor might seem defenseless against a large , determined predator such as a crab .
But evolution has provided one species of sea snail with a unique iron - plated armored shell that resists such attacks , new research from MIT shows .
By copying aspects of that shell structure , scientists could design better armor for military use , says Christine Ortiz , MIT associate professor of materials science and engineering , who led the study .
“ Such fundamental knowledge holds great potential for the development of improved biologically inspired structural materials , for example soldier , first - responder and military vehicle armor applications , ” says Ortiz .
The study of the sea snail ’s shell was partly funded by the Army and the Department of Defense and appears this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Ortiz became interested in the gastropod , known informally as the scaly - foot snail , when its discovery was reported in 2003 .
The snail lives in a relatively harsh environment on the floor of the Indian Ocean , near hydrothermal vents that spew hot water .
Therefore it is exposed to fluctuations in temperature as well as high acidity , and also faces attack from predators such as crabs and other snail species .
“ Life in nature is not idyllic ; it is an ongoing fight for survival , ” says Anders Waren , a biologist at the Swedish Museum of Natural History , who described the snail in a 2003 paper in the journal Science .
“ Predators evolve to being more efficient hunters and specialize in their capacity to catch and kill their prey .
At the same time the prey responds by developing new methods of defense , like escaping by swimming or running faster , producing toxins that make them less desirable , or by evolving different kinds of armor . ”
In this case , the snail has evolved a tri-layered shell structure consisting of an outer layer embedded with iron sulfide granules , a thick organic middle layer , and a calcified inner layer .
This creates a configuration in which the inner compliant layer is sandwiched between two rigid layers .
Ortiz and her colleagues , including MIT Dean of Engineering Subra Suresh , used nanoscale experiments and computer modeling to determine the shell ’s structure and mechanical properties .
They found that the unique three - layer structure dissipates mechanical energy , which helps the snails fend off attacks from crabs that squeeze the shell with their claws in an attempt to fracture it .
The shell of the scaly - foot snail possesses a number of additional energy dissipation mechanisms compared to typical mollusk shells that are primarily composed of calcium carbonate .
The scaly - foot snail gets is name from the scaly plates protecting its foot , a unique feature that Waren believes evolved to allow them to defend against other snails that attack by injecting venom into the soft bodies of their prey .
If their feet were unprotected , an attack would force the snails to give up their grip on favorable feeding spots .
“ If the scaly - foot snails were to retract into their protective shell when attacked , they are very likely to fall down from the often vertical rocks and lose the food source , ” says Waren , who was not part of the research team .
Ortiz , who has done similar analyses of other natural armor including that of a primitive armored fish , measured the mechanical properties of the snail shell using a machine called a nanoindenter , which has a diamond tip .
By measuring the force applied to the shell , and the shell ’s resulting displacement , her team can calculate its mechanical properties .
Engineers who wanted to mimic the snail ’s unique stability and penetration resistance — valuable traits for armor — could copy the tri-layer structure but replace the organic components with manmade components such as bulletproof materials .
Robert Ritchie , professor of materials science and engineering at the University of California at Berkeley , says he admires Ortiz ’ work but believes it may take a while for the principles she has uncovered to translate into practicable new manufacturing techniques .
“ The first thing to do is to understand different organisms and how they ’re put together , ” says Ritchie .
“ There is tremendous potential in this field , but few people have actually made these kinds of biomimetic materials because it ’s so difficult . ”
For example , naturally occurring materials are often intricately assembled on many different scales , from nanoscale to macroscopic scale , and that kind of structure is very difficult reproduce artificially , he says .
Crooks
The fact that we ’re seeing the first really serious attempt to control health care costs as part of a bill that tries to cover the uninsured seems to confirm what would - be reformers have been saying for years :
The path to cost control runs through universality .
We can only tackle out - of - control costs as part of a deal that also provides Americans with the security of guaranteed health care .
That observation in itself should make anyone concerned with fiscal responsibility support this reform .
Over the next decade , the Congressional Budget Office has concluded , the proposed legislation would reduce , not increase , the budget deficit .
And by giving us a chance , finally , to rein in the ever - growing spending of Medicare , it would greatly improve our long - run fiscal prospects .
But there ’s another reason failure to pass reform would be devastating -- namely , the nature of the opposition .
The Republican campaign against health care reform has rested in part on the traditional arguments , arguments that go back to the days when Ronald Reagan was trying to scare Americans into opposing Medicare -- denunciations of “ socialized medicine , ” claims that universal health coverage is the road to tyranny , etc .
But in the closing rounds of the health care fight , the G.O.P. has focused more and more on an effort to demonize cost - control efforts .
The Senate bill would impose “ draconian cuts ” on Medicare , says Senator John McCain , who proposed much deeper cuts just last year as part of his presidential campaign .
“ If you ’re a senior and you ’re on Medicare , you better be afraid of this bill , ” says Senator Tom Coburn .
If these tactics work , and health reform fails , think of the message this would convey :
It would signal that any effort to deal with the biggest budget problem we face will be successfully played by political opponents as an attack on older Americans .
It would be a long time before anyone was willing to take on the challenge again ; remember that after the failure of the Clinton effort , it was 16 years before the next try at health reform .
That ’s why anyone who is truly concerned about fiscal policy should be anxious to see health reform succeed .
If it fails , the demagogues will have won , and we probably wo n’t deal with our biggest fiscal problem until we ’re forced into action by a nasty debt crisis .
So to the centrists still sitting on the fence over health reform :
If you care about fiscal responsibility , you better be afraid of what will happen if reform fails .
Sitting in his office on Wednesday , he looks like he 's having the time of his life .
Ever since his bruising 2006 re-election , in which he quit the Democratic Party to run as an independent , Mr. Lieberman has been a man unleashed .
He 's caucused with Democrats yet campaigned for John McCain .
He 's enthusiastically supporting President Barack Obama 's Afghanistan surge and just as spiritedly criticizing his decision to try 9/11 terrorists in U.S. courts .
He 's joined Democrats to reform health care , even as he 's promised to torpedo their government - run insurance option .
And he can't be ignored :
He 's crucial to mustering the 60 votes necessary to overcome Republican filibusters .
Mr. Lieberman says he was " surprised " to have his influence , but he is n't afraid to use it .
" I always felt I was an independent - minded person ... but there is no question that having been re-elected as an ' independent ' does give me a feeling of liberation ...
I do n't feel like I have to view everything through the prism of partisanship . "
He grins and adds : " Through anything . "
Back in October , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid snipped that Mr. Lieberman was " the least of " his health care " problems . "
That 's no longer true , if it ever was .
He has the power to strip a public option out of the Senate health - care bill , and even demand a more moderate rewrite .
Mr. Lieberman himself puts the odds of a bill getting through at " greater than 50 - 50 " but bluntly warns : " It wo n't be what Senator Reid put in . "
" They are going to have to drop some things ... the obvious being the public option " -- a controversial , government - run insurance program that Mr. Lieberman adamantly opposes on philosophical and economic grounds .
Unlike some Democrats who have criticized it but remained open to negotiation , he says he is not bluffing .
" I 'm being more stubborn and certain about this ...
I think it 's such a significant step for the country to create another entitlement program and to have the government going into a business , I feel like I 've got to say no . "
When Mr. Lieberman says no public option , he means no public option -- not an " opt - in " or an " opt out " or a " trigger " ( a public option only comes into effect if private insurers fail to spread enough coverage ) .
" We are at the point now where this has become the classic legislative process of trying to get a fig leaf that everyone can hide behind .
And I do n't want to do that . "
Why is he adamant ?
Mr. Lieberman says that while he is not " a conspiratorial person , " he believes the public option is intended as a way for the government to take over health care .
" I 've been working for health - care reform in different ways since I arrived here , " he says .
" It was always about how do we make the system more efficient and less costly , and how do we expand coverage to people who can't afford it , and how do we adopt some consumer protections from the insurance companies ...
So where did this public option come from ? "
It was barely a blip , he says , in last year 's presidential campaign .
" I started to ask some of my colleagues in the Democratic caucus , privately , and two of them said " some in our caucus , and some outside in interest groups , after the president won such a great victory and there were more Democrats in the Senate and the House , said this is the moment to go for single payer . ' "
So , I joke , the senator is , in fact , as big a " conspiracy theorist " as me .
He laughingly rejoins : " But I have evidence ! "
Mr. Lieberman notes that the public option serves no other purpose : " It does n't help one poor person get insurance who does n't have it now .
It does n't compel one insurance company to provide insurance to somebody who has an illness .
And ... it does n't do anything to reduce the cost of insurance . "
Mr. Lieberman dismisses Democratic arguments that it is necessary to keep insurers honest .
" Sometimes the private sector does things that are wrong , and when they do , you regulate -- sometimes you litigate , " he says .
" But never in the history of America ... have we tried to keep one industry honest by having government go into that business to compete with the industry . "
Forget the public polling that shows most Americans want Congress to pass healthcare reform with a public option .
Why forget it ?
Because your senators not only wo n't take public opinion into account , they would rather just focus on the Astroturfed rantings of last summer 's moronic teabaggers than on legitimate expressions of public concern .
[ Watch Miss McConnell lying his ass off at the end of the video clip below . ]
It fits their own ideology -- and their own financial interests , since the Insurance Giants and Medical - Industrial Complex finance so many of their political careers -- and offer them and their families cushy jobs to boot .
Take Hadassah Lieberman , for example , a notorious lobbyist for big PhRMA , who acts as a funnel for immense -- but undisclosed -- bribes from the Complex right into conveniently anti-healthcare reform fanatic Joe Lieberman 's bank account .
Lieberman has been misrepresenting what the public option is and even got called on the carpet by Arlen Specter for doing just that !
Of course , no one Inside the Beltway ever mentions Hadassah .
Our elected officials are given a pass on the bribery thing , unless they write it down explicitly the way Duke Cunningham did -- or get caught with stacks of hot cash in their freezer the way William Jefferson did .
But the really BIG money that senators like Lieberman get from special interests ... how could a man of his obvious moral integrity eventhat the Medical - Industrial Complex has " donated " $ 2,397,369 to his career or that the Insurance Industry has heaped on another $ 1,037,652 when he 's contemplating public policy ?
And all thatthe payoff scheme that 's been worked out through Hadassah .
Gee , Lieberman would n't even campaign on the Sabbath for Gore - Lieberman in 1999 but he 's tossing all that aside today so he can help his GOP allies and Insurance Industry paymasters kill the public option .
Paul Krugman chooses to argue about Lieberman 's determination to pay back his corporate campaign donors as though his spurious arguments about " fiscal responsibility " were something more than just a tattered veil hiding his participation in a massive bribery scheme .
Krugman argued this week that Lieberman and his senatorial cronies rending their clothes over fiscal responsibility " should n’t be worried about what would happen if health reform passes .
They should , instead , be worried about what would happen if it does n’t pass .
For America ca n’t get control of its budget without controlling health care costs -- and this is our last , best chance to deal with these costs in a rational way .
" But Krugman readers are n't Lieberman 's crowd .
He 's gravitated to the thoroughly Republican territory covered by Fox News and the deceptively extremist editorial page of the .
In fact his determination to kill reform is today 's big " news " on that page .
Plenty more of this kind of drivel at the link Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas , who serves the same corrupt corporate special interests as Lieberman , is no less determined to kill healthcare reform on their behalf as he is .
This year only one member of the Senate , Majority Leader Harry Reid , has taken in more corporate lucre from the Medical - Industrial Complex than Lincoln .
So far they have " donated " $ 474,950 towards her doomed re-election campaign , even more than she 's gotten from her usually # 1 source of bribes , AgriBusiness , which has given her $ 449,950 this year ( around 4 times more than any other member of the Senate ) .
But she 's put forward the fake populist bill to trick voters into thinking the heavily bribed senators are looking out for their interests .
Labels : campaign finance reform , Lieberman , Paul Krugman , public option
I like odd facts and there are a number of them about the song
“ White Christmas . ”
First off , this American Christmas classic was written by the Russian - born Jewish songwriter Irving Berlin ( who also wrote the classic American anthem “ God Bless America ” ) .
Berlin ’s original name was Israel Baline .
His family emigrated to America in 1893 to escape violent pogroms against Jews and settled in New York City .
By the age of 20 , the young immigrant was on his way to becoming one of the greatest songwriters in modern history , under his Americanized name .
Berlin wrote “ White Christmas ” sometime in the late 1930s .
Bing Crosby introduced it publicly on his NBC radio show , The Kraft Music Hall , on Christmas Day , December 25 , 1941 .
But the song first gained true national fame the following year , when it was sung by Crosby in the film
Holiday Inn
, a musical full of Irving Berlin songs that was released in the US on August 4 , 1942 .
In the fall of 1942 , Decca issued the first recording of Crosby singing “ White Christmas . ”
It became a huge hit and a sentimental favorite of American troops and their families during World War II .
The recording of the song we ’re most familiar with today , however , is not the 1942 version .
By 1947 , the Decca master of Crosby ’s 1942 recording had been used to make so many records that it was literally worn out .
So , on March 19 , 1947 Crosby recorded the song for Decca again , with John Scott Trotter and his orchestra .
That version of “ White Christmas ” went on to become the best - selling single of all time , with estimated sales of more than 50 million copies .
In total , over 100 million copies of 78rpm records , 45rpm singles and albums with Bing ’s various renditions of the song have been sold , a ccording to the Guinness Book of World Records .
In 1975 , “ White Christmas ” also had a bizarre role at the end of the Vietnam War .
By April of that year , the United States had pulled most of its troops out of Vietnam and the North Vietnamese were closing in on Saigon .
As part of secret preparations for the evacuation of all remaining American personnel , the American embassy distributed a 15 - page booklet to US civilians who were still in the city .
It included a map showing where evacuation helicopters would be landing .
A page inserted into the booklet said :
“ Note evacuational signal .
Do not disclose to other personnel .
When the evacuation is ordered , the code will be read out on American Forces Radio .
The code is : THE TEMPERATURE IN SAIGON IS 112 DEGREES AND RISING .
THIS WILL BE FOLLOWED BY THE PLAYING OF ‘I’M DREAMING OF A WHITE CHRISTMAS . ’”
The final panicky evacuation of Saigon is now inglorious history — and the fact that “ White Christmas ” played a role in it is one more odd thing about the song .
OK , now please sing along with Bing , without panicking :
“ I ’m dreaming of a white Christmas ,
Just like the ones I used to know .
Where the tree - tops glisten
And children listen
To hear sleigh bells in the snow ... ”
. * * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
( Reuters ) - Google , the world ’s top Internet search engine , threatened to shut its Chinese - language Google.cn website and offices in China , saying a massive cyber - attack from China had resulted in theft of its intellectual property .
Here are some foreign companies that have withdrawn from or sold down their investments in the world ’s third largest economy :
TIME WARNER CINEMAS
- In 2007 , media conglomerate Time Warner Inc. offloaded the cinemas it ran in China to local partners after Beijing tightened restrictions in 2005 , requiring foreigners to give control to Chinese partners .
EBAY
- Ebay pulled out of China in 2006 , folding its China operations into a joint venture with Tom Online where Tom got the controlling share .
Ebay ’s departure was due to stiff competition from Taobao , a unit of China ’s largest e-commerce firm , Alibaba Group .
FOSTERS
- Australia ’s biggest brewer , Foster ’s Group Ltd , sold its Shanghai brewing business and local Chinese beer brands to Suntory Ltd for an undisclosed amount in 2006 , on the back of fierce competition in the China market .
YAHOO !
INC
- In 2005 Yahoo !
Inc folded its China business into Alibaba Group , making a $ 1 billion investment in exchange for a 40 percent stake in the Chinese company .
AHOLD
- Dutch grocer Royal Ahold NV sold its loss - making supermarket operations in China in 1999 , as it was unable to compete with cheaper domestic competitors .
GIORDANO
- Fashion retailer Giordano International was forced to close several outlets in China between 1994 and 1996 after founder Jimmy Lai called then - premier Li Peng a “ turtle egg ” -- a serious insult in Chinese -- following the 1989 military crushing of student - led democracy demonstrations centered on Tiananmen Square .
Lai later relinquished his position at the retailer under pressure and expanded his media empire to Taiwan .
LEVI STRAUSS
- Privately owned Levi Strauss & Co of San Francisco pulled out of China in 1993 over human rights concerns at a time when demand for jeans there was soaring .
It later returned to the country .
* Offers to sell Ukrainian votes appear on Internet
* Indicates cynicism of electorate , says analyst
KIEV , Jan 12 ( Reuters ) -
For sale : my vote in Ukraine ’s election on Sunday .
From 300 to 500 hryvnias ( $ 37 -$ 63 ) .
Can gather others who want to sell .
Several offers have appeared on the Internet from disenchanted citizens in the ex-Soviet republic who say they are ready to sell their votes in the Jan. 17 election for president .
“ I do n’t believe in our democracy and so I am selling my vote in the elections .
Maybe there will be 10 other votes for sale .
The only discussion on price will be upwards , ” said one Internet advertisement from Lviv in western Ukraine .
The State Security Service had no comment to make on the offers , but a central election commission official said buying votes was illegal and subject to criminal prosecution .
It did not appear , however , to be an offence to offer votes for sale .
Another offer from the capital Kiev read : “ I am completely indifferent to who wins .
There are three votes for sale -- two in Kiev , one in Bila Tserkva . 500 hryvnia apiece . ”
Some have accompanying e-mail addresses .
Other appear with a contact telephone number .
DISILLUSIONED VOTERS
Reached by telephone by Reuters , Vadim , a 25 - year - old Kiev construction worker , said he had already received offers in response to his Internet posting .
“ The politics of Ukraine do n’t interest me at all .
I am not interested in who will be president .
I am not a patriot , ” he said .
Vadim said he could gather a total of about 10 votes for sale from among his family and friends and the going rate for each was 500 hryvnias .
“ I have had offers already and I am deciding , ” he said .
He would not say whether the offers had come from political parties , their agents or individuals .
Sunday ’s election for president , the fifth since independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 , takes place amid deep economic gloom in Ukraine where the global recession has hit jobs , family budgets and pockets .
“ This is a reflection of disappointment and the increasingly cynical attitude of voters towards politics and politicians , ” said political analyst Volodymyr Fesenko .
“ There is no trust among Ukrainians in the overwhelming majority of candidates . ”
Sunday ’s vote is not expected to produce an outright winner .
Opinion polls suggest that pro-Western President Viktor Yushchenko , who came to power after mass street protests against election fraud in 2004 , will not go forward .
A second round run-off is expected between the two front - runners , Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko and former Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich , on Feb .
7 .
Even as the BLS and the administration are trying to cover up the real state of unemployment affairs using assorted semantic gimmicks of just what it means to be unemployed , and as companies provide adjusted EPS numbers , while actual earnings continue to collapse , the true barometer of spending , provided by the Financial Management Service , tax withholdings ( net of refunds ) , continues to paint the truest picture of just what is really happening with both America 's consumer and the corporate world .
And it ai n't pretty .
On a rolling 12 month basis , individual tax withheld has dropped by nearly 8 % YoY , from $ 1.42 trillion to $ 1.31 trillion , while company witholdings are down a whalloping 64 % , from $ 274 billion to just under $ 100 billion !
This is money that will never be used to pay down the skyrocketing US deficit , because both the US consumer and average US company are simply not collecting the required cash to line the Treasury 's pockets with the one traditional way to pad the deficit : taxes .
Expect much , much , much more debt issuance in America 's short , medium and long - term future .
Reader Michael provides some perspective on the above data :
A perspective on the level of US unemployment is not whether someone is employed or partly employed ( and varying obtuse definitions ) but the level of wages being generated by the consumers .
Only wages pay the bills ( and generate economic activity ) , not employment definitions .
An insight into National wages is the daily ( cash ) tax collections published by the Financial Management Service .
The rolling 12 months figures show a consistent decline , with Nov 2009 showing a 7.6 % decline from Nov 2008 .
Drilling down into actual monthly figures does not indicate any trend change .
The rolling 12 Month Company tax payments shows a 63.95 % decline to Nov 2009 .
Monthly net collections again show no change in trend , with the month to 4th December showing a further refund of $ 14 Billion .
And even though we missed the President in his daily address to the nation earlier , we hope this a topic he will bring up tomorrow or later this afternoon , whichever comes earliest in his next scheduled TV appearance .
A city hospital nearly destroyed a New Jersey woman ’s life and wrecked her marriage after misdiagnosing her with terminal HIV , hepatitis and herpes , according to a bombshell lawsuit .
Maria Osorio , 54 , of Passaic , said she saw an ad on TV offering a $ 15 mammogram at Harlem Hospital over Valentine ’s Day last February and decided to take advantage of the screening .
When a nurse offered her a free instant cheek swab and blood test , too , she accepted .
That ’s when she was told she had HIV .
“ It was horrible .
I wanted to throw myself on the subway tracks , ” she said .
The shocked Osorio immediately turned on her husband of 37 years , Gabriel Lezcano , 60 , who works as a janitor in New Jersey .
“ I started screaming violently at him .
I pushed him .
I pulled his hair .
‘ Who were you with ? ’ I asked him .
He kept denying that he was with anyone , but I kept raising my voice and pushing him .
‘ You must have been with someone .
You must have had too many beers and maybe now you just do n’t remember , ’ ” she recalled .
Lezcano fought back .
“ I ’ve been a good man to you .
I have n’t been with anyone else .
I am a very scrupulous man .
I just do my work and I come home , ” he told his furious wife .
Lezcano told The Post that the accusations of his wife , a fellow Colombian immigrant , nearly killed him .
“ She ’s my only woman , ” he said .
“ I felt that someone was trying to trick us . ”
His denials fell on deaf ears .
The distraught Osorio was convinced her husband was lying .
How else could she have contracted the sexually transmitted disease ?
A few days later , the hospital called again to say the disease was very advanced , according to court papers .
“ I wanted to kill him , ” she said .
“ I began to mistrust him and hate him .
I could n’t believe that he had been with other women , that he had lied to me . ”
She also decided to commit suicide .
“ I kept thinking how I could kill myself .
All I did was plan how I was going to end my life , ” she said .
“ I resolved to do it at the beach in the summer , just to throw myself in the ocean and make it look like an accident . ”
She stopped sleeping .
She threw up constantly .
She could n’t work .
“ I did n’t want to get out of bed , ” she said .
Her husband stopped sleeping , too .
They both became addicted to sleeping pills and took to sleeping in separate beds , alone in their misery and distrust .
Her two grown sons , who still live in Colombia , were hysterical .
They would call , crying , insisting there was a mistake .
When Osorio , a home health aide , pointed out to the nurses that she had no medical problems whatsoever , they replied , “ This is a silent disease . ”
“ They told me that this machine does not lie , ” she said .
But almost three weeks later , the hospital called to say she was perfectly healthy .
Yet no one apologized or admitted to a mistake , she said .
One secretary said she was sorry for her pain .
When she went to the hospital to talk to the nurses who had originally tested her , they hugged her and told her that “ the hand of God had come down to bless me because the machine never lies , ” she said .
She was stunned by the reversal of fortune .
“ I was in a dream .
I kept saying , ‘ Thanks to God , thanks to God , ’ and I hugged my husband , and we prayed to the saints on the altar on our kitchen table . ”
But the damage to the marriage had already been done .
“ I met him when I was 17 years old .
We were always very united as a couple , ” Osorio said .
“ We work and we come home , and that is our life . ”
Now they still sleep in separate beds , and still rely on pills to sleep .
“ This has really hurt our marriage .
We are afraid to have any sexual contact with each other .
We are still very nervous , ” Osorio said .
Her husband agreed .
“ My partner has been destroyed emotionally , ” he said .
Osorio filed a medical - malpractice notice of claim against the city in state Supreme Court in Manhattan last week .
“ I ca n’t believe there could be such errors , ” Lezcano said .
“ We do n’t want anyone else to go through what we ’ve been through . ”
City officials said they would not comment on pending litigation .
stefanie.cohen@nypost.com
Bombarded by 200 m eco-bulbs : Energy firms meet green targets with mass giveaway ... and we all have to pick up the bill
Bad light :
Over 200 million eco-lightbulbs have been send out by power companies
Energy companies have bombarded households with 200 million free eco-lightbulbs despite warnings that many go unused .
The unsolicited energy saving bulbs were posted to customers over the last 20 months because junk mail campaigns were the cheapest way for firms to meet Government green targets .
One supplier sent out 12 million over Christmas alone , clogging up the postal service at the busiest time of the year .
But many families have no need for yet more bulbs - with six unused low - energy ones already stashed away in drawers and cupboards of the typical home , according to the Energy Saving Trust .
The junk mail schemes - paid for by householders through fuel bills - allowed suppliers to meet their legally binding targets for improving home energy efficiency .
An average gas and electricity customer pays £ 38 a year towards subsidies for green projects , according to Ofgem .
The energy watchdog revealed the waste involved in free bulb mailing schemes after a Government ban on them came into force on New Year 's Day .
Companies began their avalanche of lightbulbs in spring 2008 after ministers ordered them to invest in projects to improve home energy efficiency as part of a Government scheme designed to cut carbon emissions .
Suppliers were allowed to pick from a menu of power - saving measures - such as subsidised loft insulation or free cavity wall insulation for pensioners .
However , firms realised the cheapest way to meet the targets was by sending out millions of low - energy lightbulbs .
Under the rules , they were allowed to send up to two to each household without having to prove whether the bulbs were needed , wanted or used .
Customers were sent 182 million bulbs between April 2008 and last November - most of them unsolicited .
Some firms also chose to send the unpopular compact fluorescent bulbs which critics complain give out poor quality light .
In July , the Department for Energy and Climate Change announced it would ban unsolicited eco-bulbs because too many were left unused .
A report concluded : ' Government is increasingly concerned that the number of bulbs already distributed has been so high that it may work out at more than the average number of highest - use light fittings in a house .
' As such , there is an increasing risk to carbon savings under the scheme where bulbs are not used , are installed on low - use light fittings or replace existing low energy bulbs . '
But despite the looming ban , Britain 's third biggest supplier npower sent out 12 million more bulbs in November and December - bringing the total to almost 200 million .
The company faced a £ 40 million fine if it failed to meet its energysaving targets .
A spokesman denied npower was cluttering up homes with unwanted bulbs , saying : ' We want to make sure that npower customers do n't miss out on a simple way to save energy and reduce their bills . '
' We 're spending more than £ 350 million on our energy - saving programme and free lightbulbs are only a tiny part of this . '
The DECC is also considering stopping energy firms funding subsidised lightbulbs in shops to meet their obligations under the Carbon Emissions Reduction Target scheme .
Ministers want to encourage companies to start focusing their efforts on subsidising insulation for customers instead .
A LANDMARK legal ruling in a which a sperm donor has secured access to his son is unlikely to lead to increased rights for unmarried fathers , according to legal experts .
Yesterday the Supreme Court ruled that a 41 - year old gay man , whose biological son is being raised by two lesbians , can have access to his three - year - old child .
In a unanimous judgment , the five - judge court ruled that while the man was not entitled to guardianship , he had natural rights over the boy .
But the court said there was no institution of a ' de facto ' family under the Irish Constitution , dashing the hopes of thousands of heterosexual , same - sex and other non-marital family units raising children .
" The status quo remains , " said family law expert Geoffrey Shannon , who is the Government 's rapporteur on child protection .
" Although the ruling has boosted birth fathers ' rights , it has reinforced the constitutional exclusivity of the family based on marriage . "
The five judges unanimously found it was in the best interest of the boy 's welfare to remain in contact with his biological father .
The court previously heard the man donated his sperm to the couple , who were his friends , so one of them could have a baby .
It was the couple 's preference that the child would have knowledge of his biological father and the donor would be like a " favourite uncle " .
But their friendship deteriorated and he started court action two years ago when the couple planned to move to Australia for a year with the boy .
Arrangement
Lawyers for the man , who attended court yesterday , said he was " very happy " with the outcome .
The lesbian couple , who took part in a civil union ceremony in England some years ago , was not present for the ruling .
Yesterday 's ruling means that the gay man and the lesbian couple will have to come to an arrangement over access to the boy or else the High Court will have to determine the access .
Overturning an earlier High Court decision that the man was not entitled to access to the child , Ms Justice Susan Denham -- in her judgment -- found that the sperm donor had rights as a natural father and added that he had formed a bond with the child when he was born .
" There is benefit to a child , in general , to have the society of his father , " she said .
" I am satisfied that the learned High Court judge gave insufficient weight to this factor .
Relationship
" The basic issue is the welfare of the child , " she added .
The judge also found the lesbian couple was not a family under the Constitution of Ireland and said their relationship may not be weighed as such in the balance against the father .
Last night , the Iona Institute , a pro-marriage and pro-religion organisation , welcomed the decision saying it respected the rights of both fathers and children .
Director David Quinn said : " A biological father has a right to know and have access to his child , and a child has a right to know and have access to his or her biological father .
" It is clear the Government must now move to regulate the assisted human reproduction industry , and to do so in a way that is fully child - centred . "
But campaign group
Noise warned that the ruling effectively meant same - sex couples raising children had no recourse to legal protection .
" There is now a moral obligation on the Government to legislate as soon as possible for access to civil marriage for same - sex couples in order to allow them and their children to avail of all of the vital legal protections reserved for families , " organiser Paul Kenny said .
" This is the only child - centred option . "
Irish Independent
Three Cheers for Doonesbury today !
Unfortunately , prominent half - wits take their own values from this TV show .
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia told an assembly of judges in the summer of 2007 : “ â€ œJack Bauer saved Los Angeles . . . .
He saved hundreds of thousands of lives …
Are you going to convict Jack Bauer?â€ 
I would wager that many congressmen also rely on ’ 24 ’ as their primary info source on torture .
This is Attention Deficit Democracy at its best .
Wyclef Jean has become the face of the Haitian disaster .
He 's there now pulling bodies out of rubble .
But more indications are emerging that his charity , Yele Haiti , is not the best place for your money to go right now .
After we picked up on the Smoking Gun 's item today on Yele Haiti 's atrocious financial management in the past — including failing for years to file tax returns , paying more than $ 400,000 to commercial entities owned by Jean , and being repeatedly dissolved as a corporation in the state of Florida — a source familiar with the foundation 's operations contacted us to express concern that the tiny operation is at risk of being overwhelmed with donations that have no hope of reaching the ground in Haiti any time soon .
In a nutshell , the source says , " Yele Haiti is not a disaster relief organization . "
According to MTV , Jean 's pleas for money via Twitter and television appearances asking people to text " yele " 501501 for a $ 5 contribution had brought in more than $ 1 million to the organization as of yesterday .
But large first - responders usually have the resources to move money quickly to where it 's needed , either by virtue of prepositioned disaster fund , large pools of money that they can shift among accounts as circumstances warrant , or access to a bridge loan to get money flowing .
Yele Haiti , which as of 2007 had no paid staffers and currently , according to the source , has one employee who works out of the kitchen in Jean 's Manhattan recording studio , has no such capacity .
So it can spend whatever money it has on hand — at the end of 2007 , it had roughly $ 500,000 in cash and liabilities of more than $ 900,000 — but after that it has to wait for any donations made over the last three days to actually clear and show up in its bank account .
And again , because it is a small player and uses a small firm to process its online donations , the source says , that process can take " two weeks to a month . "
" There are groups you can give to right now that have already spent the money before they received it , " the source says .
" Yele Haiti is just not set up for a huge campaign like this .
It 's great that Wyclef is there — he should be there .
But there 's no need to position his charity the way they 're doing right now .
It 's not right . "
Yele Haiti is will be one of the beneficiaries of George Clooney 's " Hope for Haiti " telethon to be broadcast next week , and " there 's no reason for that , " the source says .
Jean has repeatedly demonstrated a long - standing commitment to help the people of Haiti , and has worked earnestly toward that goal over the years .
His presence there right now and urgent appeals for help are evidence of that .
But even if he can overcome the penchant for " financial shenanigans " that the source says he is " notorious for " among people familiar with Yele Haiti 's operations , Yele Haiti is better situated to deliver second - order aide and help begin the rebuilding process once all the donations come through .
" Yele Haiti will be doing great work in Porte - au - Prince two months from now , after all the disease vectors are taken care of and reconstruction starts .
But in these crucial days and weeks , people with specialized skills and scale are needed .
Why not give your money to one of the larger NGOs ? "
Hugh Locke , Yele Haiti's president , says donors can be assured that their money will be well - spent .
" I 'm confident that anybody who gives money to Yele Haiti for emergency relief can be sure it will be used effectively .
We may be a small organization , and there are handicaps .
But there are also efficiencies . "
Locke says the foundation has already allocated $ 1.5 million for an airlift due to leave Miami early next week , and is in the process of seeking bridge financing to raise more money as it waits for donations to hit its account .
He dismisses the delay in online donations as a matter of days , and says he 's already taken steps to speed them up .
As for text - message donations — that money never hits the account until the person who sent them pays their cell phone bill weeks later , a circumstance that affects charities large and small alike .
" We 've got a team of 15 people on the ground in Haiti , and a warehouse , and contacts with people in the neighborhood , " Locke says , repeating Yele Haiti 's extensive experience getting food out into dangerous neighborhoods for the UN's World Food Program after Tropical Storm Jeanne in 2004 and the 2008 world food crisis .
He says the organization 's relationships and knowledge of Porte - au - Prince make it better suited , in some cases , to get relief into the neighborhoods than larger organizations .
And he says that the established charities that have sought out Yele Haiti for collaboration — including the World Food Program and Americares — would n't have done so if it could n't actually get the job done .
" They came to us , " he says , " and not the other way around . "
Still , there are those " shenanigans " :
The $ 31,000 in annual rent , for instance , that Yele Haiti pays to Jean 's production company Platinum Sound to rent what the source describes as a spot in the kitchen in Jean 's studio for one staffer .
Locke acknowledges that part of the studio's kitchen area is reserved for Yele Haiti , but says other desk space , the shared reception area , and shared conference rooms are included in the below - market rent of $ 2,600 .
As for why Jean is charging anything in rent , Locke says , " The business that he co-owns was n't able to make that offer . "
Another strange Yele Haiti expense — $ 100,000 to Platinum Sound in 2006 as a performance fee for Jean playing a fundraiser in Monte Carlo — included payments for musicians and production costs , Locke says .
Only $ 25,000 or so , he says , accounted for Jean 's fee .
The source familiar with Yele Haiti 's operations says the most outrageous expenditure — $ 250,000 in 2006 to purchase airtime on the Haitian television network Telemax , which Jean and his business partner own a controlling interest in — is even more troubling than it seems .
Jean actually used Yele Haiti's money to initially purchase Telemax , and came up with the idea of the donated airtime after the fact to explain the expense .
" That money was taken out of Yele , " the source says , " and the story was concocted afterward .
Hugh Locke looked at the balance sheet and saw $ 250,000 missing .
Wyclef said he 'd already spent it on Telemax .
Locke said , ' We can't do that .
This can't be fraud — we have to get something in return . '
The only thing they could get back from Telemax was the airtime , which they did . "
Locke flatly denies that account , saying Jean had already made the Telemax purchase before Yele Haiti bought the airtime .
" We wanted to establish a mechanism for getting information out in Haiti , " Locke says , " and it made sense for us to purchase airtime in bulk in advance to get a better rate . "
So why did n't Jean just donate the airtime then , since he owns the company ?
" We wanted to make sure we could control the spots and not get pushed around , so we bought them outright . "
It 's clear that both Jean and Locke want to help , and are helping .
And Yele Haiti's questionable past expenditures aside , the foundation 's work is real and has an impact .
It 's just a question of whether Yele Haiti 's skills are the ones that are most immediately needed right now .
Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 , 12:04 am
Freenode sucks I logged into freenode , which I have n't logged into in a while , to help stop some trolling on #bittorrent .
I could n't identify as my nick any more , so I went to ask for help ...
< mquin > when did you register it ?
< bramm > uh , circa 2000
< mquin > the current registration is a little over 6 months old - if you did register it in 2000 it must have expired since
< bramm > so someone just stole my nick ?
< bramm > since when does this thing expire registrations ?
< bramm >
I 'm pretty sure I 've logged in within the last year
< bramm > given that I 've always had this nick , and that there are only two people named Bram which are recognizable names in open source , and that my name is one of the most well known in open source , I 'd like my nick back :-P
< mquin > nicks are considered expired after 60 days of inactivity , after which they can be dropped either on request or when we ocassionally clean up the services database
< bramm > also , there 's a problem that I 'm an op on a channel , and need to give access in it to other people
< bramm > that policy is completely retarded
< bramm > the #bittorrent channel is having a problem with trolls , and we need to get rid of them , and thanks to that lamebrained policy there 's currently noone with sufficient ops privileges in the channel to do anything about it
< mquin >
I 'm sorry you feel that way , it 's not really reasonable for us to keep nickname registrations perpetually when they are not being used
< bramm > get real .
I 've logged in within the last year , getting rid of them after six months is nuts
< bramm > if nobody does anything about this I 'm going to go public about it , freenode does NOT want the publicity of me being pissed off
< bramm > er , after 60 days I meant , I 've never heard of nick expiration on such a short time scale , from any site
< bramm >
I can easily prove who I am .
I 'm the well - known author of an important project and need my nick back to stop trolling in the project channel , is there anything which can be done about this or do I have to make a stink ?
< mquin > handing the nick back to you , even if I were able to do that , would not restore any channel access you had when you held the registration
< mquin > channel access flags are dropped along with the account
< bramm > well how can we get someone to have ops on the channel ?
< mquin > if you are an offical representative of the bittorrent project you can assert that by filing a group registration , which would allow you to reclaim # bittorrent
< bramm > and how can I do that ?
< mquin >
http://freenode.net/group_registration.shtml
< mquin > you may also wish to talk to the current channel registrant - he can add additional users to the access list at this point
< mquin > oh , my mistake , it 's been held
< bramm > what do you mean held ?
< bramm > maybe you missed that part about me being the channel registrant
< bramm > and my nick being stolen
< mquin > yes , I misread something I was looking at - my mistake
< mquin > to avoid primary namespace ( single - # ) channels being lost in sitations such as this we transfer them to staff control in the event of the founder 's nick being dropped
< mquin > it makes it fairly straightforward to reassign them when there is a group registration rather than having them appear to be available for re-registration by anyone
< bramm >
I have never , in my entire life , heard of a registration expiration process which was this aggresive , or this cavalier about damaging existing relationships
< mquin > the 60 days figure is just a minimum - we normally allow more grace ( typically 1 week per year ) for long standing registraions when processing drops by hand
< bramm > you say that as if adding a few weeks to the end would make the time frame reasonable
< mquin > we do n't feel it is reasonable to hold nickname registrations perpetually if they are not being used
< bramm >
I 'm not asking for perpetually
< bramm > just something vaguely reasonable
< bramm > and I hope you realize that you just completely pissed off one of the most well known and respected people in the whole open source community
< mquin >
I 'm sorry you are upset
< bramm >
I 'm just going to pretend you 're a robot and not blow my stack at you
< bramm > but it 's requiring effort
< mquin >
What do you expect me to do ?
I can't very well return a nick to you that has been in use by someone else for well over 6 months .
< bramm > well maybe the policies could have kept that person from taking over the nick , seeing as how I was using it for NINE YEARS prior to that
< mquin >
Had we known at the time that you were planning to be away from the network for an extended period of time we could have arranged for it to be held for you
< mquin >
I know it 's unfortunate to lose a long - standing registration , but we do have to have some limit on what we consider a reasonable activity level
< bramm >
I was never informed of there being any such policy .
I was never informed via email than my nick was about to expire .
Any minimal checking of expirations being done by hand , which you say it is , would have indicated that my nick should absolutely not have been expired
< mquin > unfortuantely it 's difficult to verify which steps were or were not taken this long after the event
[ Update ]
Well now that I 've managed to get called an asshole ( hi , HackerNews commenters who registered five minutes ago ! )
Here are my calmer thoughts
The reason I posted the log verbatim , me being pissed off and all , is that I wanted to make very clear that I was accurately representing official freenode policy , and that requesting help through support leads nowhere .
My gripe is with freenode policy , which is asinine , not with the particular person I spoke to , who was merely being useless and patronizing .
The reason I got pissed was n't because of the nick loss , which I find mildly annoying , but because channel ops got blown away , causing me to have to deal with this bullshit instead of just giving ops to someone else .
Yes I can be blunt .
If you value the superficial affectation of politeness over the essential point of what someone is saying , you can shove it .
I do n't appreciate people saying that I 'm this way because of asperger 's , it just causes other people to whine that they 're being oppressed because they can't criticize me .
The whole line of argument is stupid .
People are free to criticize me for not being polite , and I 'm free to respond that they 're being petty and superficial .
The whole ' it 's free so you can't complain ' argument is bullshit .
There are plenty of free things which are of negative value to society because they suck up or distract resources which could be working on a much better alternative .
I 've provided lots of support for free stuff myself , both via employees and directly , and never have I claimed that a problem wo n't be fixed because the person airing a legitimate gripe has n't gone through arbitrary bureaucratic processes , or that the person complaining should implement it themselves because they 're a programmer , or refused to acknowledge that some pain a user experienced through no fault of their own really was unfortunate .
And I always prioritize up users who matter and problems which need immediate fixing .
That 's the way you run things if you actually care about providing a valuable service .
[ Update 2 ]
Some commenters do n't seem to understand that Freenode policy , in fact Freenode 's whole foundation for legitimacy , is that project leaders are entitled to control their channels .
I am in fact a project leader with a long established channel , and in the time that site op spent pedantically repeating rules and procedures he could have verified who I was and fixed the situation , which , say what you will about lilo , is something he actually would do .
I was not making any claim to importance which I do n't unambiguously have , and my message to other programmers considering using public servers is that OFTC is down the hall and to the left .
I logged into freenode , which I have n't logged into in a while , to help stop some trolling on #bittorrent .
I could n't identify as my nick any more , so I went to ask for help ... when did you register it ?
uh , circa 2000 the current registration is a little over 6 months old - if you did register it in 2000 it must have expired since so someone just stole my nick ?
since when does this thing expire registrations ?
I 'm pretty sure I 've logged in within the last year given that I 've always had this nick , and that there are only two people named Bram which are recognizable names in open source , and that my name is one of the most well known in open source , I 'd like my nick back :- P nicks are considered expired after 60 days of inactivity , after which they can be dropped either on request or when we ocassionally clean up the services database also , there 's a problem that I 'm an op on a channel , and need to give access in it to other people that policy is completely retarded the #bittorrent channel is having a problem with trolls , and we need to get rid of them , and thanks to that lamebrained policy there 's currently noone with sufficient ops privileges in the channel to do anything about it I 'm sorry you feel that way , it 's not really reasonable for us to keep nickname registrations perpetually when they are not being used get real .
I 've logged in within the last year , getting rid of them after six months is nuts if nobody does anything about this I 'm going to go public about it , freenode does NOT want the publicity of me being pissed off er , after 60 days I meant , I 've never heard of nick expiration on such a short time scale , from any site I can easily prove who I am .
I 'm the well - known author of an important project and need my nick back to stop trolling in the project channel , is there anything which can be done about this or do I have to make a stink ?
handing the nick back to you , even if I were able to do that , would not restore any channel access you had when you held the registration channel access flags are dropped along with the account well how can we get someone to have ops on the channel ?
if you are an offical representative of the bittorrent project you can assert that by filing a group registration , which would allow you to reclaim # bittorrent and how can I do that ?
http://freenode.net/group_registration.shtml
you may also wish to talk to the current channel registrant - he can add additional users to the access list at this point oh , my mistake , it 's been held what do you mean held ?
maybe you missed that part about me being the channel registrant and my nick being stolen yes , I misread something I was looking at - my mistake to avoid primary namespace ( single - # ) channels being lost in sitations such as this we transfer them to staff control in the event of the founder 's nick being dropped it makes it fairly straightforward to reassign them when there is a group registration rather than having them appear to be available for re-registration by anyone I have never , in my entire life , heard of a registration expiration process which was this aggresive , or this cavalier about damaging existing relationships the 60 days figure is just a minimum - we normally allow more grace ( typically 1 week per year ) for long standing registraions when processing drops by hand you say that as if adding a few weeks to the end would make the time frame reasonable we do n't feel it is reasonable to hold nickname registrations perpetually if they are not being used I 'm not asking for perpetually just something vaguely reasonable and I hope you realize that you just completely pissed off one of the most well known and respected people in the whole open source community I 'm sorry you are upset I 'm just going to pretend you 're a robot and not blow my stack at you but it 's requiring effort
What do you expect me to do ?
I can't very well return a nick to you that has been in use by someone else for well over 6 months .
well maybe the policies could have kept that person from taking over the nick , seeing as how I was using it for NINE YEARS prior to that Had we known at the time that you were planning to be away from the network for an extended period of time we could have arranged for it to be held for you I know it 's unfortunate to lose a long - standing registration , but we do have to have some limit on what we consider a reasonable activity level I was never informed of there being any such policy .
I was never informed via email than my nick was about to expire .
Any minimal checking of expirations being done by hand , which you say it is , would have indicated that my nick should absolutely not have been expired unfortuantely it 's difficult to verify which steps were or were not taken this long after the event [ Update ]
Well now that I 've managed to get called an asshole ( hi , HackerNews commenters who registered five minutes ago ! )
Here are my calmer thoughts
As far as whether my ops problem might get resolved , whether I 'd utterly cursed out the guy from support or had the humility of a saint , it probably would n't get handled regardless . [ Update 2 ]
Some commenters do n't seem to understand that Freenode policy , in fact Freenode 's whole foundation for legitimacy , is that project leaders are entitled to control their channels .
I am in fact a project leader with a long established channel , and in the time that site op spent pedantically repeating rules and procedures he could have verified who I was and fixed the situation , which , say what you will about lilo , is something he actually would do .
I was not making any claim to importance which I do n't unambiguously have , and my message to other programmers considering using public servers is that OFTC is down the hall and to the left .
Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 08:10 am ( UTC )
3ricj
While I agree that it's a braindead policy , tossing out the " i'm important and special " as an argument to policy is really rather pointless .
It 's an irc nick .
Give me a break , there are larger problems in the world .
Respectfully ,
- 3ric
( who 's legal name is n't support on freenode at all , because it starts with a number ) Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 08:36 am ( UTC )
ciphergoth Maybe so , but obviously there 's a bigger problem for known names - people are more likely to want to steal them .
Maybe so , but obviously there 's a bigger problem for known names - people are more likely to want to steal them .
Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 11:20 am ( UTC )
root_fu
Does storing a username , a password and some privelege flags consume so much memory they need to purge their database every 6 months ?
WTF is wrong with people .
Does storing a username , a password and some privelege flags consume so much memory they need to purge their database every 6 months ?
WTF is wrong with people .
Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 11:36 am ( UTC )
dennyd People also bitch just this enthusiastically when there 's a nick they want because it's ' their ' nick , but it 's already registered and has n't been used for several months / years .
We try to strike a balance .
People also bitch just this enthusiastically when there 's a nick they want because it's ' their ' nick , but it 's already registered and has n't been used for several months / years .
We try to strike a balance .
( Deleted comment ) ( Deleted comment ) Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 12:59 pm ( UTC )
dennyd
We did n't bother patching because we were switching ircds in the same week as the exploit started to be used aggressively .
Which we have now done .
We did n't bother patching because we were switching ircds in the same week as the exploit started to be used aggressively .
Which we have now done .
Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 02:51 pm ( UTC )
fragglet
This should n't be surprising to anyone with any experience of Freenode .
Freenode is a perfect example of how open source projects tend to acquire the personality of their founder .
In the case of Freenode , that founder was Rob Levin , famous for his online begging over wallops and for being completely incompetent in general .
Levin 's incompetence , begging and dictatorial style where he branded everyone who disagreed with him a " troll " gradually alienated all the sensible and technically skilled people from the network staff until the only people left were his equally incompetent sycophantic underlings .
When Levin died several years ago as a result of his own stupidity ( riding a bike without a helmet ) , they took over .
I have n't heard of mquin before but it looks like the cycle continues .
Your best option is to close the Freenode channel and move to OFTC , the staff of which consist mostly of the sensible and technically skilled people who left Freenode .
This should n't be surprising to anyone with any experience of Freenode .
Freenode is a perfect example of how open source projects tend to acquire the personality of their founder .
In the case of Freenode , that founder was Rob Levin , famous for his online begging over wallops and for being completely incompetent in general .
Levin 's incompetence , begging and dictatorial style where he branded everyone who disagreed with him a " troll " gradually alienated all the sensible and technically skilled people from the network staff until the only people left were his equally incompetent sycophantic underlings .
When Levin died several years ago as a result of his own stupidity ( riding a bike without a helmet ) , they took over .
I have n't heard of mquin before but it looks like the cycle continues .
Your best option is to close the Freenode channel and move to OFTC , the staff of which consist mostly of the sensible and technically skilled people who left Freenode .
Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 02:59 pm ( UTC )
dennyd Blaming a hit and run on the victim is a bit cold , do n't you think ?
You might want to look up the research on the effectiveness of crash helmets for cyclists and motorcyclists too .
OFTC is run by some great people , but it does suffer from attracting all the ' protest vote ' traffic from freenode - many of whom are problem users no matter where they go .
Promote OFTC because it 's a cool place run by a good team , not because it's ' not freenode ' .
Blaming a hit and run on the victim is a bit cold , do n't you think ?
You might want to look up the research on the effectiveness of crash helmets for cyclists and motorcyclists too .
OFTC is run by some great people , but it does suffer from attracting all the ' protest vote ' traffic from freenode - many of whom are problem users no matter where they go .
Promote OFTC because it 's a cool place run by a good team , not because it's ' not freenode ' .
( Deleted comment ) Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 04:04 pm ( UTC )
dennyd freenode did n't exist in 2000 ( the network that became freenode did , but it was called the Open Projects Network then , so ' freenode ' was unlikely to be part of a conversation ) .
Edited at 2010 - 01 -30 04:07 pm ( UTC ) freenode did n't exist in 2000 ( the network that became freenode did , but it was called the Open Projects Network then , so ' freenode ' was unlikely to be part of a conversation ) .
( Deleted comment ) Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 06:26 pm ( UTC )
tsar_jones Bram , do you think that you would be capable of writing a computer program that would log into freenode for you ?
If you can do that part , then I have a suggestion : why not run it as a cron job , say , every 30 days or so ?
Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 07:53 pm ( UTC )
bramcohen
Had I had even the vaguest notion that such a policy might be in effect I 'd have done that .
Had I had even the vaguest notion that such a policy might be in effect I 'd have done that .
Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 06:34 pm ( UTC )
ext_72559
The policy sucks , sure , but you have to give that volunteer support person some credit for being so nice even when faced with Mr. Cohen 's childish Internet tantrum .
Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 07:34 pm ( UTC )
bramcohen Saying ' I 'm sorry you 're upset ' is ' nice ' ?
That 's patronizing and unsympathetic , a thinly veiled ' I wish you were n't so pissed off ' , which is especially galling when any normal person would be completely pissed off in my situation as well .
Saying ' I 'm sorry you 're upset ' is ' nice ' ?
That 's patronizing and unsympathetic , a thinly veiled ' I wish you were n't so pissed off ' , which is especially galling when any normal person would be completely pissed off in my situation as well .
Sat , Jan. 30th , 2010 06:51 pm ( UTC )
secretsoflife < bramm > er , after 60 days I meant , I 've never heard of nick expiration on such a short time scale , from any site
fwiw , a lot of private bittorrent trackers have account expiry times ranging from 2 to 6 weeks .
60 days is not all that unusual :) er , after 60 days I meant , I 've never heard of nick expiration on such a short time scale , from any sitefwiw , a lot of private bittorrent trackers have account expiry times ranging from 2 to 6 weeks .
60 days is not all that unusual :)
( Deleted comment ) Sun , Jan. 31st , 2010 04:58 am ( UTC )
bramcohen Pure momentum .
Nobody complained to me with a problem until a few days ago , and I did n't have a serious reason to consider switching networks until yesterday .
Pure momentum .
Nobody complained to me with a problem until a few days ago , and I did n't have a serious reason to consider switching networks until yesterday .
Sun , Jan. 31st , 2010 10:08 am ( UTC )
cdxx420
I went through the hoopla an they never responded .
They wate hours of my time and never gave me so much as an e-mail or a call .
Why does FreeNode suck so much ass ??
I had an issue with a project I used to maintain , they actually stole our channel and gave us # # freebasic .
The irony is that we run a project that some might consider is in competition with a Microsoft programming language ( though we have a long way to go , admittedly ) , and they told us that they took it because they are n't sure if it belongs to Microsoft ( ! ) I went through the hoopla an they never responded .
They wate hours of my time and never gave me so much as an e-mail or a call .
Why does FreeNode suck so much ass ??
Mon , Feb. 1st , 2010 03:48 pm ( UTC )
zimpenfish I am outraged , OUTRAGED , by the cavalier and wanton disregard freenode have for such important and serious matters regarding someone who is n't being a total douche about something unbelievably trivial ?
When are they going to be killing their next kitten , I ask myself ?
Such heartless and evil behaviour must surely lead to them being stricken from the internet like the godless chicken - molesting whores they must clearly be , treating someone so beloved as badly and cruelly as this .
I vote we summarily execute them before the entire internet rises up against their hatefulness .
I am outraged , OUTRAGED , by the cavalier and wanton disregard freenode have for such important and serious matters regarding someone who is n't being a total douche about something unbelievably trivial ?
When are they going to be killing their next kitten , I ask myself ?
Such heartless and evil behaviour must surely lead to them being stricken from the internet like the godless chicken - molesting whores they must clearly be , treating someone so beloved as badly and cruelly as this .
I vote we summarily execute them before the entire internet rises up against their hatefulness .
Tue , Feb. 2nd , 2010 07:39 am ( UTC )
cso12 Freenode does suck .
Freenode does suck .
Tue , Feb. 9th , 2010 01:45 am ( UTC )
leahculver
You could always try private messaging tomaw ... he helped me out :
[ 1:58 pm ] tomaw : hi. it 's curious as richardus added your nick to his account recently
...
[ 2:03 pm ] tomaw : I 'm fine with removing the nick from his account as he 's either holding it for you or impersonating you
...
[ 2:03 pm ] tomaw : but before I remove it from his account I 'd prefer to be 100 % certain you 're the real leah
[ 2:04 pm ] leahculver : sure
[ 2:04 pm ] leahculver : you can also send me email here
[ 2:04 pm ] leahculver : since I 'd have to be the real leahculver to use that email address
[ 2:04 pm ] leahculver : that might be better than github
[ 2:05 pm ] tomaw : okay , you have mail
[ 2:06 pm ] leahculver : hang on , I 'll fetch it
[ 2:06 pm ] leahculver : oookay
[ 2:06 pm ] leahculver : drikebAsSheebes
[ 2:07 pm ] leahculver : wtf does that mean anyways ?
[ 2:07 pm ] tomaw : okay , you can register it now
[ 2:07 pm ] leahculver : nice
[ 2:07 pm ] tomaw : it 's a random password generated by a password generator
[ 2:07 pm ] tomaw : if you register it now ( / msg NickServ help register ) then I can re-add your donor cloak
[ 2:08 pm ] leahculver : perfect !
thanks
[ 2:08 pm ] tomaw : looks good
[ 2:09 pm ] tomaw : thanks for the donation too
However , I do agree that the 60 day policy is bullshit .
Actually , I think most IRC policies are ridiculously outdated and it's not just a Freenode thing .
You could always try private messaging tomaw ... he helped me out : [ 1:58 pm ] tomaw : hi. it 's curious as richardus added your nick to his account recently ... [ 2:03 pm ] tomaw : I 'm fine with removing the nick from his account as he 's either holding it for you or impersonating you ... [ 2:03 pm ] tomaw : but before I remove it from his account I 'd prefer to be 100 % certain you 're the real leah [ 2:04 pm ] leahculver : sure [ 2:04 pm ] leahculver : you can also send me email here http://blog.leahculver.com/about.html [ 2:04 pm ] leahculver : since I 'd have to be the real leahculver to use that email address [ 2:04 pm ] leahculver : that might be better than github [ 2:05 pm ] tomaw : okay , you have mail [ 2:06 pm ] leahculver : hang on , I 'll fetch it [ 2:06 pm ] leahculver : oookay [ 2:06 pm ] leahculver : drikebAsSheebes [ 2:07 pm ] leahculver : wtf does that mean anyways ? [ 2:07 pm ] tomaw : okay , you can register it now [ 2:07 pm ] leahculver : nice [ 2:07 pm ] tomaw : it 's a random password generated by a password generator [ 2:07 pm ] tomaw : if you register it now ( / msg NickServ help register ) then I can re-add your donor cloak [ 2:08 pm ] leahculver : perfect ! thanks [ 2:08 pm ] tomaw : looks good [ 2:09 pm ] tomaw : thanks for the donation tooHowever , I do agree that the 60 day policy is bullshit .
Actually , I think most IRC policies are ridiculously outdated and it's not just a Freenode thing .
Fri , Mar. 12th , 2010 05:28 pm ( UTC )
bramcohen
You are n't the first person to notice that they 'll actually fix problems if you bribe them .
You are n't the first person to notice that they 'll actually fix problems if you bribe them .
So the first thing to note here is that the unit on hand was -- in terms of external construction -- just a quick mockup of the final body shape , which was made so we could look at the hardware 's capabilities rather than to show off any hot curves .
That said , we still liked how compact it was and were even promised the final version will be slimmed down to 14 mm in thickness .
Quite impressive when you consider the Pixel Qi screen takes up a full 5 mm by itself .
Speaking of the Qi , we consider it a glorious and definite step forward for displays .
It looks gorgeous in both modes , and when the backlight is off you 're basically getting a monochromatic version of your normal display ( check the gallery to see what we mean ) which is both perfectly usable and the friendliest thing you can do to your battery .
You can see the 1080 p demo video below , with both modes showing you what you might expect from the screen while it was being washed by pretty strong Las Vegas sunlight .
There 's also a patented 3 megapixel swivel camera ( not pictured on this dev unit ) , which has other protected intellectual properties that we were not yet informed of , though augmented reality and educational uses were hinted at .
Running Android , the machine will come with a number of rather cool Notion Ink apps and there 'll be an inevitable app store where you can add to that .
We were also told the default onscreen keyboard would be replaced by a customized version , with taller keys and other ergonomic optimizations .
3G and WiFi connectivity will be available , as is to be expected , and Rohan from Notion Ink was keen to impress on us the company 's emphasis on digital magazine content .
Compatible with ePUB and other popular ebook formats , the Adam will be versatile , but the focus will be placed firmly on digital magazine consumption , with a number of content publishers being recruited as we speak .
We tried our finest to get a price out of the company , but the answers were alternately , " it'll depend on carrier subsidies , " " it'll be competitive with the ICD Ultra tablet , " and the best one , " you 'll be very happy when we release this . "
The range is definitely between $ 300 and $ 800 , with a likely landing spot for an unsubsidized device in the top half .
We 'll know for sure at MWC in Barcelona this year , which is when and where the final product and pricing will be revealed .
Yeah , I am so Fired !
Well worth it !
Some companies I will take a little care in picking on , this one company I know that I would totally be fired in a heartbeat for even pondering the thought of publishing such an image .
Well New York , this is my reality in Toronto .
A glass tower worth millions is on the rise and I have a poor soul laying in wait at - 22 with windchill weather for something better to happen .
I am curious as to how long this image survives online or maybe someone from New York might try to help one soul before the glass menagerie dominates the sky of Toronto , Canada .
I ’ll let you know how this one plays out .
Meanwhile ‘ The Donald ’ , I am sorry for the short courtship but I am pulling for the really small guy that sits in the frame to right of this photograph .
Neither him or I will enjoy your wonderful display of architecture because neither of us fit the class of citizens described for this building .
Cheers !
I ’ll fire myself and show myself to the street !
Ah , Google ’s Nexus One … the Googlephone .
For a while we were excited about the amazing things you might do .
Then we worried .
And with newly leaked info on how you ’ll be sold , we ’re done :
You ’re way less exciting than we ’d hoped .
The chaps over at Gizmodo landed a superb late , late Christmas gift yesterday evening –supposedly leaked documentation that set out exactly how much the Nexus One is being sold for , and how much it ’ll cost to run .
The answer : $ 530 unsubsidized and unlocked through Google ’s own web store .
This represents the “ real ” price of the phone , lacking a carrier subsidy .
And its expensive .
It ’s pretty much in the same ballpark as other Android phones–indeed many touchscreen smartphones of other types ( it ’s roughly the price I just paid for my 32 GB iPhone 3GS , since that ’s how the sales model works in the country I live in . )
To get it cheaper , you ’ll have to buy it tied up to a two - year T - Mobile contract , and there it ’ll cost you $ 180 – again roughly how much a similar - specced smartphone of a different type will cost .
Here ’s the killer though :
It seems there ’s just one single rate plan available for the Nexus .
The “ $ 39.99 Even More +
Text + Web ” which tallies up to a whopping $ 79.99 total .
You ca n’t even keep your existing T - Mobile rate plan if you switch –you have to get the Nexus One one .
If that ’s too rich for your blood , you have to buy the unlocked one and take your chances .
Oh , and there ’s one more thing –the final professional - killer shot to the head perhaps .
If you cancel that T - Mobile plan inside 120 days , you either have to return the phone to Google , or you owe them the difference between the subsidized price and the unsubsidized one –$ 350 .
Ouch .
So despite its Google livery , and its high - specced internals , the Google phone is n’t the One Android Phone To Rule Them All .
It ’s simply another among the herd , and it ’s likely that both its specs and prices will be quickly beaten by a competitor Android maker .
And there ’s another thing here , that many commenters on the Web seem to have overlooked : Remember the last heavily - branded Google Phone , also launched in partnership with T - Mobile and made by HTC with guidance from Google ?
Yup –the first one , the G1 .
The Nexus One ’s launch mechanism is eerily similar to the G1’s , it seems … with cleverer hardware .
The G1 did n’t really take the world by storm , so presumably Google ’s hoping the Nexus One will fare better .
Maybe Sergei and Larry should show up on time for this ( January 5 ) launch event ?
Dass sich herkömmliche Funküberwachungskameras von jedermann abhören lassen , ist für technisch Interessierte eigentlich keine Überraschung .
Bemerkenswert ist aber , wo überall man mittlerweile auf kommerziell und privat genutzte Kameras treffen kann .
Bei Recherchen stießen der NDR und die ARD - Tagesthemen auf zahlreiche Funkkameras in Tankstellen , Supermärkten und Apotheken zur Überwachung der Kassenbereiche .
In allen Fällen ließen sich die Übertragungen der Systeme im 2.4 - GHz -Bereich mit einem weniger als 100 Euro kostenden , frei verfügbaren Empfänger aus bis zu einem halben Kilometer Entfernung mitsehen .
In vielen Fällen übertrugen die Kameras zusätzlich den Ton , womit sich etwa das Beratungsgespräch zwischen Apotheker und Kunde mitverfolgen ließ .
Kriminelle könnten zudem den Kassenbereich einer Tankstelle unbemerkt überwachen .
Dies ließe nicht nur Rückschlüsse auf die Höhe der Einnahmen zu , sondern gewähre auch Einblicke in den Arbeitsalltag , etwa zu welchen Zeiten die Kasse von wem geleert wurde .
Besonders pikant :
In einem Fall stieß der NDR bei seiner Testfahrt sogar auf die Übertragung einer Kamera im Eingang eines Bordells .
Alleine in Hannover sind nach Schätzungen von Fachleuten Hunderte solcher Kameras in Einzelhandel , Gewerbe und bei Privatleuten im täglichen Einsatz .
Die analogen Kameras übertragen das Signal völlig ungesichert .
Erst bei digitalen Systemen ist eine verschlüsselte Übertragung möglich .
Auf die Gefahr der unbemerkten Beobachtung durch Dritte wird in den Betriebsanleitungen der Kameras nur unzureichend oder gar nicht hingewiesen , bemängelt der NDR .
Niedersachsens Datenschutzbeauftragter Hans - Joachim
Wahlbrink sprach gegenüber dem NDR nicht nur von einem Skandal , sondern warnte die Nutzer solcher Kameras außerdem vor möglichen Schadenersatzansprüchen .
Vor allem kommerzielle Nutzer dieser Überwachungsgeräte könnten von ihren Kunden in Regress genommen werden , wenn die aufgezeichneten Gespräche und Bilder in die Hände Unbefugter gelangten .
Wahlbrink zeigte sich von den NDR Recherchen überrascht und schockiert .
Von Herstellern der Kameras und ihren Nutzern forderte er mehr Sensibilität beim Umgang mit dem Datenschutz . ( dab )
In the Midwestern heartland , police are encountering a new social evil : trafficking , often involving women and children who are forced to work as prostitutes or unpaid labour ; and the outcomes can be brutal .
Human trafficking has become a major issue in the Midwest heartland of America , causing some campaigners to dub it a modern form of slavery .
Figures from the State Department reveal that 17,500 people are trafficked into the US every year against their will or under false pretences , mainly to be used for sex or forced labour .
Experts believe that , when cases of internal trafficking are added , the total number of victims could be up to five times larger .
And increasing numbers of trafficked individuals are being transported thousands of miles from America 's coasts and into heartland states such as Ohio and Michigan .
" It is not only a crime .
It is an abomination , " said Professor Mark Ensalaco , a political scientist at the University of Dayton , Ohio , who organised a recent conference on the issue .
In Ohio a human trafficking commission has just been set up to study the problem , while in the northern Ohio city of Toledo a special FBI task force is tackling the issue .
For many local law enforcement officials , it is a bewildering new world .
In one recent incident a 16 - year - old Mexican girl was found to have been trafficked across the US border .
Doctors noticed the heavily pregnant girl showed clear signs of physical abuse when she was brought into a hospital in Dayton to give birth .
The police were called but the couple who had brought her had already fled .
When the girl 's story emerged , it became clear she had been kept against her will in the nearby city of Springfield and used for labour and sex .
" I thought slavery ended a few centuries ago .
But here it is alive and well , " said Springfield 's sheriff , Gene Kelly .
He emphasised the risks to the girl 's baby after it had been born if the doctors had not been so alert : " Like the mother , the baby could have ended up a victim for years to come .
Who knows ?
Future labour ?
Future person to traffic ? "
Ohio anti-trafficking campaigner Phil Cenedella , founder of Combating Trafficking Anywhere , believes that the baby was destined to be sold off by her captors .
" They would have put the kid on the black market .
It is crazy that this is happening . "
Human trafficking – defined as forcing someone against their will to work for no reward – has been dubbed modern slavery .
At the Dayton conference , it was discussed as a growing social problem , not in some far - off foreign land , but among the cornfields of Ohio .
" The problems are broader than we realised , " said Ohio 's attorney general , Richard Cordray .
" What we want to do is find and disrupt these networks . "
One of the country 's leading anti-trafficking advocates is Theresa Flores , a former victim .
Flores puts a different kind of face on human trafficking in America .
She is white , middle - class and blond and looks the epitome of a suburban American woman .
She grew up in a wealthy suburb of Detroit in Michigan and did well at school .
Yet Flores tells a nightmarish story of two years being drugged , raped and sold for sex .
Flores , whose ordeal was turned into a book called The Sacred Bath : An American Teen 's Story of Modern Day Slavery , was attacked and raped when she was 15 .
Her assailant used the threat of photographs he had taken during her rape to force her into having sex with strangers .
She became the effective prisoner of a drugs gang that used her as a prostitute and kept her earnings , or gave her away free to gang members as a " reward " .
" People do n't think that trafficking looks like me or that it can happen to someone who came from a nice neighbourhood .
But it does .
People need to see outside that box , " said Flores .
Flores said that her lowest point came when the gang took her to a seedy motel where she was raped by as many as two dozen men .
She woke up alone , abused and with no clothes .
" I was told I would die if I told anyone .
It happened over and over for two years as I became a sex slave for those men , " she said .
Anti-trafficking campaigners point out that cases in the US come in a wide variety of forms involving men , women and children .
One major area is that of trafficked labour with people used for domestic work or , more commonly , for back - breaking labour in agricultural industries .
But trafficking cases have also occurred in businesses such as restaurants , hair salons and beauty parlours .
The overwhelming majority of the rest are sex cases , usually involving young women or children forced into prostitution .
The methods used to keep people vary .
They include confiscating the passports of those brought in from a foreign country or the threat of extreme violence .
Other tactics are to threaten family members if a victim does not comply or , as in Flores 's case , to use blackmail .
Trafficking represents a new challenge to law enforcement , especially in regions which have traditionally not thought of it as a major problem .
That is especially true where it happens within an immigrant community .
Languages are a problem as well as cultural issues and a natural fear that many immigrants – some of them possibly illegal – have of contacting the police .
Kelly believes that is the case in Springfield , a town that is almost the Midwestern archetype .
It was once featured in a story in Newsweek magazine entitled " The American Dream " .
But its 65,000 citizens also face all the problems of a modern America in the grip of a deep recession : an immigration crisis and profoundly changing demographics .
The town now hosts several prominent minority communities who make up more than a fifth of its population , including Russians , Chinese , Latinos and Somalis .
" There are a lot of people who distrust law enforcement .
We need to break down those barriers .
Our officers need training , especially in languages , " said Kelly .
" If you ca n't speak to people , you can't reach them . "
Some commentators and experts have accused victims ' advocates and academics of overstating the problem , arguing the problem has been exaggerated and expressing scepticism at the notion that vast organised criminal networks are dealing in human beings for sex or labour .
Law enforcement officers also acknowledge that the definitions of trafficking may need refining .
In North Carolina last week the mother of a five - year - old girl was charged with human trafficking after being accused of offering her daughter for sex .
The child was later found dead .
The crime was horrific , but the distinction between trafficking and simple , sadistic child abuse might not be immediately obvious .
" We have a problem with definition .
It is not always straightforward and easy to explain , " said Laura Clemmens , a government lawyer in Dayton .
" The hard part is bringing it into the light .
At the moment these crimes are clouded in secrecy . "
Biznik was an award - winning networking site for independent business people and entrepreneurs .
Founded 2005 , Biznik was one of the first online communities that blended online interaction with real world face - to - face events , and has been a community to over 115,000 “ indie businesses ” for close to a decade .
On 01/01/15 the site was shut down .
Biznik won an international Webby Award in 2008 for social networking and was featured in reports by Forbes magazine , National Public Radio , the Wall Street Journal , Entrepreneur magazine , among others .
Biznik was showcased in New York Times bestselling author , John Jantsch ’s The Referral Engine ( Portfolio 2010 ) .
A handful of resources …
Biznik ’s Story ( and what went wrong . )
Tour of Biznik
Selection of screenshots of the site
The Biznik Manifesto
The Biznik Way
Nearly 2,600 bodies have been discovered in single , unmarked graves and in mass graves throughout mountainous Indian - controlled Kashmir , a human rights group said Wednesday .
More than a dozen Kashmiri rebel groups have been fighting for independence from India or for a union with Pakistan since 1989 .
Rights groups say more than 8,000 people have disappeared since the rebellion began and the groups have for years accused the government of killing innocent civilians as well as militants .
Researchers from the International People ’s Tribunal on Human Rights and Justice , a rights group in Indian - held Kashmir , said they found the graves during a three - year survey that concluded last month .
Indian officials have said in the past that many militants have been killed in fighting with security forces and that their bodies are often buried in unmarked graves .
“ We ’re not saying who is in each grave , ” said Angna Chatterji , one of the members of the rights group .
“ But we ’re saying these are unnamed graves and it ’s imperative to investigate the issue by an independent international body . ”
( Natural News )
The FDA has ordered pharmaceutical companies Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline to place warning labels on their anti-smoking drugs Chantix and Zyban , respectively , warning that the drugs may increase a patient 's risk of depression and suicidal thoughts .
Both drugs have also been known to lead to other mental health disturbances , including hostility , agitation , nightmares and even loss of consciousness .
Concern over seizures and loss of consciousness led the Federal Aviation Administration to ban the use of Chantix in on - duty pilots , and the U.S. military to ban its use by flight and missile crews .
Although the FDA is unsure what mechanism leads to the changes , a large body of evidence links them directly to the drugs .
In a number of cases , symptoms began when a patient started taking one of the drugs , then ended almost immediately when treatment was halted .
Because neither drug contains nicotine , the FDA has hypothesized that nicotine withdrawal might be creating some of the symptoms .
However , many of the symptoms have occurred both in patients who were still smoking while taking the drugs and those who were already quitting .
Chantix and Zyban act on the same parts of the brain as nicotine .
Zyban blocks the action of nicotine in the brain , while Chantix partially mimics the nicotine 's effects and makes the real chemical less effective .
The Chantix label already carries a warning about the risk of psychiatric symptoms .
The FDA reports that since the drug 's approval in 2006 , there have been reports of 98 suicides and 188 attempted suicides linked to the drug Zyban 's label , likewise , already carried a boxed warning about the increased risk of suicidal thoughts and actions .
There have been reports of 14 suicides and 17 attempted suicides linked to the drug , which contains the same active ingredient as the antidepressant Wellbutrin .
The FDA noted that no link has been found between nicotine patches and suicide risk .
Sources for this story include : www.cnn.com
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
The unusual circumstances that led the U.S. market to rally powerfully in 2009 might be explained by secret government moves to buy stocks , according to Charles Biderman , the founder and chief executive of TrimTabs , a research firm that tracks liquidity flows in the market .
" We cannot identify the source of the new money that pushed stock prices up so far so fast , " Biderman said in a statement Tuesday .
The source of approximately $ 600 billion net new cash necessary to lift the market 's overall capitalization by $ 6 trillion last year could not be identified by TrimTabs , Biderman said .
The money , he said , did n't come from traditional players such as companies , retail investors , foreign investors , hedge funds or pension funds .
" We know that the U.S. government has spent hundreds of billions of dollars to support the auto industry , the housing market , and the banks and brokers .
Why not support the stock market as well ? "
The Federal Reserve or the Treasury , Biderman said , could have easily manipulated the stock market by purchasing $ 60 to $ 70 billion worth of futures of the S&P 500 Index SPX , +0.82 % on a monthly basis .
Conspiracy theories on the rise ?
Market analysts , however , were quick to debunk the theory .
Yes , the government had a heavy hand in rescuing the financial system and the economy as the system started collapsing in late 2008 and throughout 2009 .
But the huge boosts of liquidity through the system found their way to stocks by the usual means , they said .
" The idea that this is magic is nonsense , " said Barry Ritholtz , market strategist at Fusion IQ and a market veteran .
" This was a normal behavior in a recessionary bear market .
We saw the Dow plunge 5,000 points in 6 months , which had never happened before and created a dramatically oversold market . "
Yes , the Federal Reserve slashed interest rates to near zero and Congress allowed banks to keep their bad loans off their books , allowing them to pretend they were solvent , he said .
But " you ca n't short stocks when the Fed is at zero , " Ritholtz said .
" Our own institutional clients came on board " as did other big institutional investors , he said .
Conspiracy theories about the so - called " plunge protection team , " or PPT , have been on the rise ever since the U.S. government started to bail out financial institutions in late 2008 under the administration of then - President George W. Bush , according to Dan Greenhaus , market strategist at Miller Tabak .
The PPT is a nickname given by some to a group established by President Ronald Reagan in 1988 after the 1987 stock crash to coordinate governmental response to market meltdowns .
Noting that the Fed has been buying Treasurys and mortgage - backed securities to keep interest rates low and support the economy , even firms such as Sprott Asset Management have started to accuse the U.S. government of running a Ponzi scheme .
" There 's a lot of backlash against the government right now and the hate for the Fed has gone into overdrive " in some corners , Greenhaus said .
" The fact that the government stepped into the abyss [ angered ] a lot of people , and the fact that things are better a year later flies in the face of some long - held beliefs about free markets . "
As to the scale and power of the 2009 rally , it actually trailed previous recoveries from bear markets , according to research from Miller Tabak .
" While the absolute percentage gain off the recent lows has been more powerful than anything since the Depression era , there is no denying that historical rallies in the equity market have recouped a greater percentage of the declines from the highs , " Greenhaus wrote in a note .
The stock market , as measured by the S&P 500 , plunged nearly 57 % from its 2007 highs until it reached lows in March of 2009 .
But even after rallying 58 % in the seven months after the March lows , the market remained 31.5 % off of its 2007 highs .
That 's nearly the same amount recovered during the market rally of 2003 , as the market began to recover from the bursting of the tech bubble .
In other instances , such as 1975 , 1962 and 1938 , the market had actually recovered a much bigger portion of its losses seven months after hitting lows .
And in 1983 , it was actually 7.3 % above its previous highs .
“ #1 Martial Arts Organization in Asia ”
“ Evolve MMA houses the most number of world champion instructors in the world ”
“ Evolve MMA has already forged a reputation for being the most outstanding MMA academy in Asia ”
“ Evolve MMA is the dominant gym in the region ”
“ Evolve MMA boasts the most number of world champions of any organization on the planet ”
“ Evolve MMA has arguably the most decorated team of trainers anywhere in the martial arts world ”
“ Evolve MMA is one of the greatest academies on Earth ”
“ Best International Gym , Evolve MMA ”
“ The camp has a reputation as being the best in Asia ”
“ Evolve MMA is home to the highest concentration of Muay Thai World Champions in the world ”
“ The Evolve Fight Team is the gold standard for fight teams in Asia ”
“ Evolve MMA boasts a roster of trainers which is unparalleled in Asian MMA ”
heic0916 — Photo Release
Hubble 's deepest view of Universe unveils never - before - seen galaxies
The new Wide Field Camera 3 aboard the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope has taken the deepest image yet of the Universe in near - infrared light .
The faintest and reddest objects in the image are likely the oldest galaxies ever identified , having formed between only 600 –900 million years after the Big Bang .
In 2004 , Hubble created the Hubble Ultra Deep Field ( HUDF ) , the deepest visible - light image of the Universe , and now , with its brand - new camera , Hubble is seeing even farther .
This image was taken in the same region as the visible HUDF , but is taken at longer wavelengths .
Hubble ’s newly installed Wide Field Camera 3 ( WFC3 ) collects light from near - infrared wavelengths and therefore looks even farther back towards the Big Bang , because the light from hot young stars in these very distant galaxies is stretched out of the ultraviolet and visible regions of the spectrum into near - infrared wavelengths by the expansion of the Universe .
This new deep view also provides insights into how galaxies grew in their formative years early in the Universe 's history .
A boon to astronomers worldwide , the new WFC3 data — taken by the HUDF09 team — have set a multitude of teams to work , furiously searching for the most distant galaxies yet discovered .
In just three months , twelve scientific papers on these new data have been submitted .
This image was taken by the HUDF09 team [ 1 ] , which has made it available for research by astronomers worldwide .
The photo was taken with the new WFC3 / infrared camera on Hubble in late August 2009 , during a total of four days of pointing for 173 000 seconds of total exposure time .
Infrared light is invisible to the human eye and therefore does not have colours that can be perceived .
The representation is " natural " in that shorter infrared wavelengths are represented as blue and the longer wavelengths as red .
The faintest objects are about one billion times fainter than the dimmest visible objects seen with the naked eye .
These Hubble observations are blazing a trail for Hubble ’s successor , the NASA / ESA James Webb Space Telescope ( JWST ) , which will look even farther into the Universe than Hubble , at infrared wavelengths .
The launch of JWST is planned for 2014 .
Notes
[ 1 ]
The HUDF09 team members are Garth Illingworth ( University of California Observatories / Lick Observatory and the University of California , Santa Cruz ) , Rychard Bouwens ( University of California Observatories / Lick Observatory and Leiden University ) , Pascal Oesch and Marcella Carollo ( Swiss Federal Institute of Technology , Zurich ( ETH ) ) , Marijn Franx ( Leiden University ) , Ivo Labbe ( Carnegie Institute of Washington ) , Daniel Magee ( University of California , Santa Cruz ) , Massimo Stiavelli ( Space Telescope Science Institute ) , Michele Trenti ( University of Colorado , Boulder ) , and Pieter van Dokkum ( Yale University ) .
Image credit : NASA , ESA , G. Illingworth ( UCO / Lick Observatory and the University of California , Santa Cruz ) , R. Bouwens ( UCO / Lick Observatory and Leiden University ) and the HUDF09 Team
Links
NASA release
Oxford release
Wilkins et al. science paper
McLure et al. science paper
Bunker et al. science paper
A 48 - year - old Galway man has been charged with 185 counts of rape of three of his daughters over a 17 - year period .
Athenry District Court was told that 140 of the charges relate to one daughter between 1991 and 2008 .
A further 24 charges of rape relate to a second daughter and are alleged to have occurred between 1991 and 1996 .
Another 21 charges of rape relate to a third daughter and are alleged to have occurred between 1991 and 1996 .
The man and his wife , who can not be named for legal reasons , have already been charged with 30 counts of abuse and neglect of their children .
Ten of the charges are for rape of four of his daughters between 1997 and 2009 .
Judge Joseph Mangan refused bail and remanded the man in custody to appear at Harristown Dist Court in Co Roscommon next Friday .
The man 's wife was remanded in custody on to appear at Ennis District Court on 22 January .
Google Maps is great for visiting places you ’ve never been , driving directions , or searching for strange and usual sightings .
We ’ve compiled ten of the strangest for your viewing enjoyment after the break .
10 . Some Drunk Dude
When you ’ve had 10 too many beers , and thought the lawn was just a larger , greener version of your bed , the Google Street View car is probably the last thing you want driving by .
That ’s exactly what happened to this drunk Australian dude .
[ Source ]
9. House on Fire
You know the local fire department needs to start hiring , when the Google Street View team shows up before they do .
This particular house is located on Eagle Point Drive in Sherwood , Arkansas .
[ Source ]
8. Earthquake
Capturing an earthquake in - progress will take more than just a camera - equipped car , so Google turned to their satellites for this amazing image .
To check it out yourself , use these coordinates : 16 54’09.12 ″ N 99 58 ’ 16.07 ″ W.
[ Source ]
7. Firefox
Most crop circles look like random shapes , this logo is recognizable to nearly all internet users : Firefox .
It may have been just a weekend project for bored geeks , but it ’s a conversation piece that will be remembered for much longer .
[ Source ]
6. Band Promotion
Musicians looking to market themselves should look no further than Google Maps .
More specifically , be on the lookout for the Street View car , like the one - man , Canada - based Fear Salesman band .
[ Source ]
5. I ’ve Fallen and Have n’t Gotten Up Yet
When trying to impress the Google employees driving a Street View car , be sure to watch where you ’re going , otherwise your fall may end up for the world to see .
Yes , from beginning to end .
[ Source ]
4. Spider -Man in Plain Clothes
No , the audition for Spider - Man 4 does n’t involve trying to break and enter a home in plain clothes .
On the bright side , this person will have something for both the cops and potential casting directors to see .
[ Source ]
3. How Dare You Not Open
In case of misplaced keys , do n’t try kicking the door in when it does n’t respond to “ open sesame ” .
Hey , at least the anonymous lady is world famous now .
[ Source ]
2. Role Playing
Know role players looking to make it big ?
Here are two that were caught staging a 17th century sword fight , complete with costumes and weapons .
[ Source ]
1. My Imaginary Friend
It ’s probably not the smartest idea to be riding your own bike while stealing another simultaneously , as the “ imaginary friend ” joke can only go so far , especially with law enforcement officials .
02 Dec 2009
Astronomers at The University of Manchester 's Jodrell Bank Centre for Astrophysics have discovered one of the hottest stars in the Galaxy with a surface temperature of around 200,000 degrees - 35 times hotter than the Sun .
Despite numerous attempts by astronomers across the world , the mysterious dying star at the heart of the Bug nebula - one of the brightest and most beautiful of the planetary nebulae - has never been seen before .
" This star was so hard to find because it is hidden behind a cloud of dust and ice in the middle of the nebula " , explained Professor Albert Zijlstra from The University of Manchester .
" Planetary nebulae like the Bug form when a dying star ejects much of its gas back into space and are among the most beautiful objects in the night sky . "
" Our own Sun will do this in about 5 billion years time .
The Bug nebula , which is about 3500 light years away in the constellation Scorpius , is one of the most spectacular of all planetary nebulae . "
Using the recently refurbished Hubble Space Telescope ( HST ) , a team of astronomers led by Professor Zijlstra have shed new light on the nebula with a set of spectacular images .
The images were taken to show off the new improved HST after it began work again in September this year and will be published in the Astrophysical Journal next week .
The Manchester astronomers were amazed to find that the images unexpectedly revealed the missing central star .
Cezary Szyszka , lead author on the paper and a research student at the University of Manchester currently working at the European Southern Observatory , said : " We are extremely lucky that we had the opportunity to catch this star near its hottest point , from now on it will gradually cool as it dies .
This is truly an exceptional object . "
Professor Zijlstra added : " It 's extremely important to understand planetary nebulae such as the Bug Nebula , as they are crucial to understanding our own existence on Earth " .
That is because the elements necessary for life , especially carbon , are created inside stars , and ejected into space as part of these planetary nebulae .
Planets such as the Earth form from small dust particles , which also form within planetary nebulae .
The cloud of dust and ice in the Bug Nebula contains the seeds of a future generation of planets . "
Finding the star was made possible by the Space Shuttle 's final servicing mission of the HST , earlier this year .
During the mission , astronauts installed the new Wide Field Camera 3 which was used to take these images .
" How a star ejects a nebula like this is still a mystery " , added Dr Tim O'Brien from The University of Manchester .
" It seems most stars , including the Sun , will eject as much as 80 per cent of their mass when they finally run out of nuclear fuel at the end of their lives .
Material that then goes on to help form the next generation of stars and planets .
" These observations have shown that the star at the heart of the Bug Nebula is only about 2/3 as heavy as the Sun , but was several times heavier before it threw off its outer layers to form the nebula which had previously hidden it from our
view .
" Images like these are remarkable not only for their beauty but also for what they tell us about our own origins . "
From November 2009 through February 2010 , Challenge participants will develop compelling , creative personal fundraising pages on Grameen Foundation ’s website , and raise awareness of and funds for Grameen Foundation ’s work through personal networks , social media and other offline activities .
The participant judged to have the most creative , ingenious web page and outreach effort will win the grand prize of an overseas field visit .
Microloans do change lives and help people achieve success .
The Grameen Foundation is a leading organization that facilitates microfinace and technology solutions to people who face the challenges of poverty .
Everyday Grameen strives to be innovative and creative in their approach to providing help for those who need it , and to provide tools for those who want to help with Grameen 's mission .
It 's in this spirit that Grameen is running a online fund raising and awareness initiative , the Ingenuity Fund Challenge .
In Grameen 's own words ;
To help motivate and inspire you to set up a page I am featuring a success story of Grameen Programs .
Meet Yibeltal Tadele , Ethiopia who took an 2.5 hour trip by foot to take out his second loan .
To make a living , Yibeltal Tadele farms the hectare of land around his home , which is a difficult job due to weather and soil conditions in Ethiopia .
When his ox died over a year ago , Yibeltal could not plow his field .
He was in a bind and needed a solution — since farming this land was his only way of supporting his wife and three young children .
He ended up borrowing 800 birr ( $ 90 ) from Amhara Credit and Savings Institution ( ACSI ) .
Yibeltal combined this loan with some money he had already saved and purchased a new ox for 1,400 birr ( $ 160 ) .
With his new ox , Yibeltal has grown maize for his family to eat and black pepper to sell for profit .
He also grows teff — the main ingredient in Ethiopian traditional bread , injira — to feed his family and sell to customers .
Yibeltal ’s produce sales have yielded enough profit for him to pay off his loan , increase his family ’s living standard , purchase fertilizer , and save some money for health emergencies and his oldest daughter ’s education .
As you can see , the microfinace concepts works .
One people who participates was so motivated he walked 2.5 hours in order to continue his success story .
The help the participants seek comes from the donations from initiatives like the Ingenuity Fund .
There are many stories like Yibeltals , and I will featuring more of them while the Challenge is active .
Wo n't you please consider setting up a page and create your own success story in making a difference ?
By doing so , you will allow Yibeltal and countless others to continue their success story , or make it possible for others to create their own , while you 'll created yours .
You can start your here .
Shirin Ebadi Prepares for the End
To listen to Shirin Ebadi ’s story is to grasp how dramatically Iran has changed in recent months .
The Nobel laureate has not been back to Iran since the country ’s disputed June election .
In November , authorities confiscated her Nobel Peace Prize medal from a bank safe - deposit box .
After Christmas they arrested her sister in Tehran .
Her husband , who is still there , had his passport taken away .
Authorities then returned it , only for him to discover that the returned passport was a forgery .
I recently had the chance to speak with Ebadi in depth about developments in her country .
Now , Iran ’s most famous dissident tells me she has no doubt that she would be arrested if she returned home .
Last summer the thousands of protesters who poured into Teheran ’s streets were chanting , " Give us our vote back . "
But it ’s no longer just about a fraudulent election .
Today crowds in various locations across the country shout " Death to the supreme leader , " and reform clerics who had previously insisted that the system remain untouchable now call for free elections , free media , and freedom of speech and assembly .
Ebadi seems to be traveling a similar route .
The 62 - year - old human rights lawyer had denounced the Bush administration ’s democracy - promotion efforts .
She sought reform of the system , not its demise , she would say .
She deplored the " axis of evil " rhetoric and consistently attacked the Bush State Department ’s initiative to funnel $ 75 million to oppositionists and civil society groups .
She has n’t changed her mind on this point .
Ebadi told me she continues to believe that outside aid for the democracy movement is a mistake .
But it ’s hard not to notice , as the situation in Iran has changed , that Ebadi ’s views are evolving .
In our conversation , she emphasized repeatedly , " You can not do business with the regime . "
She is convinced that Iran ’s leadership is not negotiating in good faith on the nuclear issue and would not abide by any agreement reached with the United States and the European Union .
Ebadi once outspokenly supported U.S. - Iranian talks without preconditions .
She still supports dialogue .
But she wants that dialogue to involve human rights and a strategy to support civil society and the rule of law .
She thinks that only an Iranian government that respects human rights and rules by consent can be a proper , credible partner for the West to discuss Iran ’s nuclear program .
How to get there ?
If the United States pursues sanctions , Ebadi says , Radio Farda ( Radio Free Europe / Radio Liberty ’s Persian station ) , along with the Voice of America and the BBC , must help convince ordinary Iranians that sanctions are aimed at the regime , not the people .
Like many Iranians , Ebadi is concerned about the passions nationalism can arouse .
She ’s worried that past mistakes of U.S. foreign policy — she has her axes to grind — and a local penchant for conspiracy theories can make for a potent , toxic brew .
She insists at the same time , though , that Iranians will endure considerable hardship if they think the endgame is greater respect for human rights .
Ebadi is hopeful about U.S. policy , primarily because she ’s a great admirer of President Barack Obama .
She has defended his Nobel Peace Prize in interviews and told me she thinks he deserves the award for his sincerity and commitment to humane , liberal values .
She applauds the president ’s efforts at health - care reform in the United States .
Her effusive praise for Obama , however , sits side by side with her awkward acknowledgment that democracy and human rights are not yet an administration priority .
I asked Ebadi whether she would consider a future in politics .
She insisted she has always excluded the possibility .
I reminded her that Czech playwright and dissident Vaclav Havel had done the same thing — until he became president of a free Czechoslovakia in 1989 .
Ebadi still steadfastly rejects such notions for herself , but knows that the question of leadership is a sore spot for the Iranian opposition .
No single figure has yet emerged who can galvanize the entire country and unite the disparate groupings that make up the opposition .
In truth , a female secularist is unlikely to provide such leadership .
That the regime fears Ebadi ’s influence , however , is abundantly clear .
Her sister , Noushin Ebadi , was taken from her apartment the evening of Dec. 28 by four security officers .
Since then she has been allowed just a one - minute phone call to her husband .
Noushin , a medical lecturer at Azad University in Tehran , has never been involved in political or human rights work .
In that brief call to her husband , Noushin made clear that the authorities want Ebadi to cease her activity .
" My sister is not a political prisoner , " Ebadi tells me .
" She ’s a hostage . "
In six months , the opposition has become wider and deeper .
Ebadi says it ’s nonsense to think this was ever merely about a small group of educated elites in northern Tehran .
The democracy movement in other cities is active and growing , she says .
By all accounts , fissures are beginning to emerge in the ruling class .
There are signs that the secular and religious opposition have begun to cooperate .
If this continues , it would be a dramatic development .
It ’s still possible that the government will reach a compromise with the protest movement and succeed in co-opting key members of the opposition .
But with each week bringing new violence and fresh reports of arrests , beatings , and rapes , this scenario seems increasingly unlikely .
In one sign of the regime ’s growing desperation , Iranian state television recently aired a documentary about the death of Neda Agha - Soltan , the young Iranian woman shot to death during protests in Tehran last summer .
YouTube images of her death shocked millions around the world .
The documentary suggested that Agha - Soltan cooperated with foreign agents and might have staged her own death .
This is certain to cause fresh outrage .
Show trials , documentaries vilifying young Agha - Soltan :
One ominous sign after another leads Ebadi to concede that the country is headed for a deep freeze and might come to resemble a military dictatorship like Burma .
But that ’s short - term .
" This regime is finished , " she says passionately — unless it changes course soon , and dramatically .
If the men who rule Iran are indeed at the end of their bloody reign , the United States and its allies have a lot to think about .
Listening to Shirin Ebadi would mark a good start .
Today 's big budget movies have the technology to create worlds and characters unlike anything we 've ever seen before ... but is that really a good thing ?
What if CGI just distracts from all the important things about moviemaking ?
Advertisement
Wired magazine 's recent story about the making of Avatar contained the following passage :
Cameron is trying to show me something with a laser pointer .
He queues up a scene towards the end of Avatar and freezes the frame on an image of a large crowd of Na'vi .
He uses the pointer to draw attention to an ornate headdress composed of hundreds of tiny beads .
The onscreen image is amazingly crisp , and the headdress appears utterly real .
Each bead was designed by a digital artist , Cameron says , so it would look handmade .
" Every leaf , every blade of grass in this world was created , " he says , and his laser pointer streaks across the screen , alighting on so many things I can't follow its path .
Advertisement
When I read that , I thought to myself , that 's everything that 's wrong with CGI movies .
I 'm always torn when it comes to live action movies that rely so heavily on CGI 'd surroundings and special effects :
On the one hand , it 's amazing what can be done with the technology , but on the other , it 's depressing seeing what has been done with it , as well .
CGI has become the atom bomb of movie special effects :
Yes , we have the technology to " fix " everything , but that does n't necessarily mean that we should use it .
In many ways , the argument against the overuse of CGI is like critic Douglas Wolk 's complaint against autotune in modern pop music :
And now , the smallest errors are vanishing , too .
The gift that modern digital technology has given pop music is the ability to fix every nagging inconsistency in a recording , note by note and beat by beat .
If you hear a contemporary mainstream rock record , you 're almost certainly hearing something that has been digitally nipped and tucked and buffed until it shines .
The little inconsistencies in musicians ' performances are n't just glitches , though :
They 're exactly what we respond to as listeners — the part that feels like " style , " or even like " rock . "
The exciting part of guitar - bass - drum - voice music is the alchemy of specific musicians playing with each other , and the way those musicians ' idiosyncratic senses of timing and articulation and emphasis relate to each other .
That 's where the rhythmic force of rock ' n ' roll comes from ; that 's also why a great band can replace one of its members with someone who 's technically a more skillful musician , only to discover that their instrumental chemistry is n't there anymore .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Watching movies where CGI has created entire worlds like Pandora - or The Lord of The Rings ' Middle Earth or anywhere in the three Star Wars prequels , for that matter - and what you 're seeing may be technically impressive and the work of hundreds of artists up and down the moviemaking food chain , but none of it entirely convinces ; there 's a distance that we , as viewers , instinctively pick up on because what we 're watching is so fake that it can't even convincingly fake verisimilitude .
It does n't matter how many how many hours or computer modeling programs have been spent to create " lifelike " scenery or surroundings , it will always lack the element of chaos , the potential for mistakes , that makes it something we can believe ( and lose ourselves ) in .
Moviemakers today can try and distract us from that missing piece - with occasionally unintentional results ; how many times do we watch something and think that it 's impressive or " must have taken a lot of work , " and not notice that we 're being taken even further out of the story in order to do so - but there has n't been any CGI - centric creation that has managed to replace it , yet .
Advertisement
More worryingly , CGI has given free rein to the worst , most - OCD elements of moviemakers ' imaginations .
Whereas , before , worldbuilding would have meant coming up with the strongest stories and performances in order to pull audiences in , now both of those seem to often take backseats to the spectacle of the spectacle itself ( Think of this summer 's Transformers : Revenge of The Fallen , which did n't appear to make sense , or again , the Star Wars prequels , where Lucas as a director was clearly more in love with the technology responsible for the worlds he was building than the actors and dialogue he was populating them with ) .
That James Cameron has created languages , flora and fauna and hundreds of elements for Avatar 's Pandora that we may not even really see in the finished product is , at once , both an impressive and incredibly frustrating feat :
Good for him for being so dedicated , but without a good story , it 'll be the most expensive window dressing for a store that no - one wants to shop at .
As technology has become more and more adept at literally translating someone 's imagination into a finished product , so , it seems , has the focus of filmmaking become using that technology :
Pushing it to create new things , replace reality as closely as possible and take out all of the confusion , disarray and accidents of the real world .
But in doing so , actually imagining things seems to have become diminished , both in terms of the creators - because flights of fancy soon become weighed down by translating them into something that computers can understand and model in visually " believable " terms - and in terms of the audience , who now get imaginary worlds presented to them in as close to photo - realistic terms as possible , but missing any genuine life .
What we 're left with , then , are movies overpowered by themselves , making everything more " perfect , " more sterile and more lifeless than what we 've seen before , no matter what our eyes may tell us .
Advertisement
Of course , I 'm writing this before seeing Avatar , so maybe I 'm wrong ; maybe Cameron has spent enough time on the story , perhaps all the actors involved do wonderful work , and all of the work that 's gone into the CGI has created everything we 've been promised : an immersive , believable new world unlike everything we 've ever seen before .
But everytime I think of Cameron boasting to the Wired journalist about the CGI - creation of blades of grass - because , obviously , real grass is n't good enough sometimes - I worry that it 'll just be more of the same old empty razzle - dazzle .
When you turn to our firm for legal representation — as people in Southeastern North Carolina have been doing since 1990 — you can count on personal attention and respectful treatment .
From your first contact with a staff member or one of our dedicated attorneys , we want you to feel as comfortable as possible and know we truly care what happens with your case .
Christina Rivenbark & Associates represents clients in cases regarding a variety of legal issues , including :
Good news , everyone !
Some executive decided it'd be a good idea to make a movie of our little site .
I told him that was a terrible idea and then he gave me a suitcase full of money so now I 'm on board !
I thought I 'd help out our new friends and give them some casting ideas .
First up : the villains of our story , the Anaheim Ducks .
Tomorrow is the clumsy comedy relief , the Sharks , and then we 'll wrap it up on Friday with our heroes , the Kings .
Tune in to see who your favorite player will be played by and if I miss anyone let me know in the comments .
The part of Ryan Getzlaf will be played by Sam Rockwell
Ryan Getzlaf is the chief villain of our film and thus he needs to be played by an actor with the acting chops to carry the role .
Rockwell is well - versed in playing dumb jackasses and would serve as a worthy foil to our heroes .
Plus , while he 's researching the role he could give Getzlaf tips on how to cover up his balding .
The part of Corey Perry will be played by Tilda Swinton
Swinton knows how to play a bitch and the resemblance is uncanny .
The part of Randy Carlyle will be played by Randy Quaid
Quaid and Carlyle look very similar and Quaid knows how to be a dick .
The role of Scott Niedermayer will be played by Morgan Freeman
This one 's a little off the board but the personalities are similar and both can grow a mean beard .
Besides , what 's wrong with a black guy playing a white guy ?
You 're not racist , are you ?
Are you ?
You should be ashamed of yourself .
The role of Joffrey Lupul will be played by Pauly D
Joffrey Lupul ( pictured here with a charming woman who I imagine is a school teacher ) is a tanning pretty boy douche bag that does n't care about much of anything .
Pauly D of Jersey
Shore fame will have to act really hard in his debut but I think he can pull it off .
The role of Teemu Selanne will be played by Rufus Sewell
This one 's pretty obvious and most people see the resemblance , but I always feel bad when I say it .
I mean , it should be Teemu playing Rufus in a movie , not the other way around .
It really should be someone like Josh Duhamel since both make me uncomfortable in my sexuality .
Wait , did I just type that ?
Where is the backspace ?
No , I think that 's publ -
The role of Saku Koivu will be played by Patrick Swayze
This one 's a little off - the - board , since there 's not much of a resemblance , but for some reason I think Swayze would really " get " the character .
I do n't know why , it 's just a feeling I have .
So , all we need to do is give Swayze a call and ... what 's that ?
Oh .
( True story : A buddy of mine pointed out that Saku looks like an older Spencer Pratt but I decided not to do that one because it seemed too mean .
So instead I made fun of him for having cancer .
I think you 'll agree that comparing someone to Spencer is worse than cancer . )
The role of Todd Marchant will be played by John Malkovich
The easiest casting decision of all , these two are practically brothers .
The only difficulty Malkovich will have when preparing for the role is learning how to score on an empty net and how to fall over a lot .
The role of Jonas Hiller will be played by Jamie Lee Curtis
The Perry - Swinton casting choice was mostly me being a dick ( and seriously , screw Corey Perry ) but Hiller and Lee Curtis do look a lot alike .
I bet if you went into Hiller 's fridge you 'd find a shit load of Activia .
And then you 'd wonder what that smell was and leave .
The role of J.S. Giguere will be played by Bill Paxton
I could n't think of anyone who either looks like J.S. Giguere or make a good joke at his expense so I decided to cast Bill Paxton because hey , who does n't love Bill Paxton ?
Plus , the Ducks could be losing and Paxton could scream , " It 's a duck hunt , man , a duck hunt ! "
The role of George Parros will be played by George Parros
Who else are you going to get ?
Do you see a lot of giant mustachioed douche bags walking around ?
And for the bloggers ...
The role of Earl Sleek will be played by Milhouse Van Houten
This is perfect .
The only problem is that I do n't now if Milhouse can sing .
The role of Spade will be played by Animal
You do n't know what the hell he 's saying but you can't help but love him .
Tomorrow : the Sharks .
Today 's Groupon gets you $ 15 worth of hamburgers , shakes , fries , flavored soda pop , and everything else on the menu at Johnny Rockets ' in New York for $ 7 .
It 's the perfect place to grab a tasty , all - natural beef patty or delight your children or someone else 's children with a birthday party .
Johnny Rockets ' menu and kids menu win a lot of awards , particularly for the fresh , all - natural hamburgers .
Chase it with fries and onion rings and wash it all down with a fountain drink such as a deluxe hand - dipped Oreo cookies & cream shake , root beer float , or flavored soda pop ( cherry , vanilla , chocolate , lemon ) .
If you 're more partial to poultry , Johnny Rockets also offers grilled chicken breast sandwiches and crispy chicken club salads .
Johnny 's cream and red Eisenhower - era décor , tabletop jukeboxes , and smiling , dancing servers make it feel like an Archie comic ( but not the issue where Archie gets drafted ) .
Send your taste buds back to a time when the skirts were poodle , the boppers were teeny , and the threat of mutual assured destruction kept the world harmonious and prosperous .
Reviews
Johnny Rockets ’ food and wholesome atmosphere have earned praise and awards from a variety of reviewers , including the highest rating from Zagat in Parenting Magazine 's 2007 US Family Travel Guide and in this review from New York Magazine :
It ’s Happy Days hokey , but you have to be pretty grouchy not to grin when , on the half - hour , the whole staff stops mid burger - flip to dance and sing to “ Tutti Frutti , ” or whatever oldie happens to be playing .
– Sarah Gold , New York Magazine
Johnny Rockets ' Midtown location also gets positive ratings from MenuPages :
Lending a hand in the hospital ( Image : Sipa Press / Rex Features )
THE cardboard box marked “ Emergency Medical Shipment ” thumps down on Lillian Jackson ’s desk in the supplies department at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville , Tennessee .
Inside she finds a sealed plastic bag of water in which dozens of small black creatures are happily swimming around .
Leeches , again !
Without hesitation , Jackson sends the creatures to the hospital ’s trauma unit , where nurse Rene Kopp takes charge .
Over the next few days , Kopp will apply the leeches to chosen patients – to suck their blood .
“ We ’ve been doing it for years , ” says Jackson .
Leeches have indeed been used in medicine for years – for millennia , in fact .
They were once believed to remove illness - causing fluids , or “ humours ” , from the blood .
In reality they probably had little effect , and by the late 19th century such bloodletting had fallen out of favour .
In the early 20th century , however , it occurred to surgeons that the slimy annelids might have a useful medical role after all .
Leech bloodlust , they figured , was just the thing to help treat a dangerous complication after surgery to reattach torn or severed body parts such as fingers , ears or flaps of skin .
Excess blood can collect in the reattached part , which , if left untreated , can cause tissue death and even be life - threatening .
Leeches are perfect for relieving “ venous congestion ” , as this phenomenon is known .
“ The leech ’s primary role is to act as a vein , ” explains Richard Miller , medical director of the Vanderbilt trauma unit .
In addition to the blood it consumes , the leech injects chemicals that stop blood clotting , which keeps blood flowing from the wound after the beast leaves . …
We do not become righteous by doing righteous deeds but , having been made righteous , we do righteous deeds .
These two parts , to be sunk under the water and drawn out again , signify the power and operation of Baptism , which is nothing else than putting to death the old Adam , and after that the resurrection of the new man .
Faith is a living , bold trust in God 's grace , so certain of God 's favor that it would risk death a thousand times trusting in it .
Through faith we are restored to paradise and created anew .
As Christians we are all kings and priests and therefore lords of all .
It is always necessary that the substance or essence of a person be good before there can be any good works and that good works follow and proceed from a person who is already good .
Martin Luther ( 10 November 1483 – 18 February 1546 ) was a German theologian , an Augustinian monk , and an ecclesiastical reformer whose teachings inspired the Reformation and deeply influenced the doctrines and culture of the Lutheran and Protestant traditions .
Quotes [ edit ]
… my Latin and German propositions .
You wonder I did not tell you of them .
But I did not wish to have them widely circulated .
I only intended submitting them to a few learned men for examination , and if they disapproved of them , to suppress them — or make them known through their publications , in the event of their meeting with your approval .
But now they are being spread abroad and translated everywhere , which I never could have credited , so that I regret having given birth to them — not that I am unwilling to proclaim the truth manfully , for there is nothing I more ardently desire , but because this way of instructing the people is of little avail .
As yet I am still uncertain as to some points , and would have gone into others more particularly , leaving some out entirely , had I foreseen all this .
If a woman becomes weary and at last dead from bearing , that matters not ; let her only die from bearing , she is there to do it .
Sermon Von dem ehelichen Stande ( 1519 ) , p. 41 — as quoted in The Ethic of Freethought : A Selection of Essays and Lectures ( 1888 ) by Karl Pearson , " The Sex - Relations in Germany " , p. 424 The quote actually comes from Von dem eelichen Leben ( 1522 ) .
It can be seen in an original edition here , in a 19th century reissue here , and in English translation ( as " On the Estate of Marriage " ) here .
Lastly , we must also know what Baptism signifies , and why God has ordained just such external sign and ceremony for the Sacrament by which we are first received into the Christian Church .
But the act or ceremony is this , that we are sunk under the water , which passes over us , and afterwards are drawn out again .
These two parts , to be sunk under the water and drawn out again , signify the power and operation of Baptism , which is nothing else than putting to death the old Adam , and after that the resurrection of the new man , both of which must take place in us all our lives , so that a truly Christian life is nothing else than a daily baptism , once begun and ever to be continued .
" On Infant Baptism , " Large Catechism ( 1529 )
The heathen really make their self - invented notions and dreams of God and idol .
Ultimately , they put their trust in that which is nothing .
So it is with all idolatry .
For it happens not merely by erecting an image and worshipping it , but rather it happens in the heart .
For the heart seeks help and consolation from creatures , saints , or devils .
It neither cares for God , nor looks to Him for anything better than to believe that He is willing to help .
" On Infant Baptism , " Large Catechism ( 1529 )
His Mohammed , as has been said , commands that ruling is to be done by the sword , and in his Koran the sword is the commonest and noblest work .
Thus the Turk is , in truth , nothing but a murderer or highwayman , as his deeds show before men ’s eyes .
On War against the Turk ( 1529 )
But the exceedingly foul deed of Onan , the basest of wretches , follows .
Onan must have been a malicious and incorrigible scoundrel .
This is a most disgraceful sin .
It is far more atrocious than incest and adultery .
We call it unchastity , yes a Sodomitic sin .
For Onan goes in to her ; that is , he lies with her and copulates , and when it comes to the point of insemination , spills the semen , lest the woman conceive .
Surely at such a time the order of nature established by God in procreation should be followed .
Accordingly , it was a most disgraceful crime to produce semen and excite the woman , and to frustrate her at that very moment .
Luther 's works Vol. 7 ( 1965 ) , Lectures on Genesis , Chapters 38 - 44
My whole heart and soul are stirred and incensed against the Turks and Mohammed , when I see this intolerable raging of the Devil .
Therefore I shall pray and cry to God , nor rest until I know that my cry is heard in heaven .
Statement while being confined to residence at Coburg , as quoted in History of the Christian Church , ( 1910 ) by Philip Schaff , Vol. VII : Modern Christianity : The German Reformation , § 123 .
Luther at the Coburg ; though it mentions Muhammad , this remark might actually be directed at those responsible for his confinement , as he makes allusions to dwelling in the " empire of birds " and his location as a " Sinai " and regularly uses other uncomplimentary comparisons of those involved in suppressing his ideas to figures unpopular to himself and his contemporaries .
Regarding the plan to collect my writings in volumes , I am quite cool and not at all eager about it because , roused by a Saturnian hunger , I would rather see them all devoured .
For I acknowledge none of them to be really a book of mine , except perhaps the one On the Bound Will and the Catechism .
Letter to Wolfgang Capito ( 9 July 1537 )
One should hasten to put such witches to death .
Statement of 20 August 1538 ; as quoted in Conversations With Martin Luther ( 1915 ) , translated and edited by Preserved Smith and Herbert Percival Gallinger , p. 163
August 25 , 1538 , the conversation fell upon witches who spoil milk , eggs , and butter in farm yards .
Dr. Luther said : “ I should have no compassion on these witches ; I would burn all of them .
We read in the old law , that the priests threw the first stone at such malefactors , ` Tis said this stolen butter turns rancid , and falls to the ground when any one goes to eat it .
He who attempts to counteract and chastise these witches , is himself corporally plagued and tormented by their master , the devil .
Sundry schoolmasters and ministers have often experienced this .
Our ordinary sins offend and anger God .
What , then , must be his wrath against witchcraft , which we may justly designate high treason against divine majesty , a revolt against the infinite power of God .
The jurisconsults who have so learnedly and pertinently treated of rebellion , affirm that the subject who rebels against his sovereign , is worthy of death .
Does not witchcraft , then , merit death , which is a revolt of the creature against the Creator , a denial to God of the authority it accords to the demon ? ”
Statement of 25 August 1538 , in Table - Talk , as translated by William Hazlitt ( 1857 ) , DLXXVII
Although indulgences are the very merits of Christ and of His saints and so should be treated with all reverence , they have in fact nonetheless become a shocking exercise of greed .
For who actually seeks the salvation of souls through indulgences , and not instead money for his coffers ?
This is evident from the way indulgences are preached .
For the commissioners and preachers do nothing but extol indulgences and incite the people to contribute .
You hear no one instructing the people about what indulgences are , or about how much they grant , or about the purpose they serve .
Instead , all you hear is how much one must contribute .
The people are always left in ignorance , so that they come to think that by gaining indulgences they are at once saved .
Tractatus de indulgentiis per Doctorem Martinum ordinis s. Augustini Wittenbergae editus . , or , A Treatise on Indulgences Published by Doctor Martin of the Order of St. Augustine in Wittenberg .
To Archbishop Albrecht of Mainz ( 31 October 1517 ) Luther 's " forgotten " treatise was found in the Mainz archives “ among the papers making up the correspondence between Archbishop Albrecht and the Mainz University faculty in December 1517 ” and published by F. Herrmann in the Zeitschrift für Kirchengeschichte ( ZKG ) in 1907 , vol. 28 , pp. 370-373 .
Catholic Luther scholar Jared Wicks S. J. believes this early treatise to be of considerable historical significance : " This document is the short treatise sketching a tentative theology of indulgences which Luther sent to Archbishop Albrecht of Mainz and Magdeburg on that fateful October 31 , 1517 .
The other two documents of Luther 's intervention are well known .
First , there was the respectful , though urgent letter to the Archbishop in which Luther related the misunderstandings being spread by Tetzel 's preaching and in which he begged the Archbishop to issue new instructions which would bring Tetzel under control .
Secondly , there was the list of Latin theses on the doctrine and practice of indulgences which Luther intended to use as the basis of a theological discussion of the many vexed questions in this area .
The third document sent to Albrecht , Luther 's treatise , has not received the attention it deserves from historians and theologians studying the beginning of the Reformation .
This is most regrettable , since the treatise depicts in orderly and succinct fashion Luther 's understanding of indulgences in 1517 and reveals his conception of their limited role in Christian living .
The treatise gives us the theological standpoint on which Luther based his intervention , and it shows in miniature the rich Augustinian spirituality of penance and progress that he had forged in his early works .
...[ T ]he great tragedy of 1517 was that the barbed [ 95 ] theses spread over Germany in a matter of weeks , and this penetrating little treatise fell into dusty oblivion . "
Martin Luther 's Treatise on Indulgences , Theological Studies 28 ( 1967 ) , pp. 481-482 , 518 . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
If it were art to overcome heresy with fire , the executioners would be the most learned doctors on earth .
To the Christian Nobility of the German States ( 1520 ) , translated by Charles M. Jacobs , reported in rev . James Atkinson , The Christian in Society , I ( Luther 's Works , ed. James Atkinson , vol. 44 ) , p. 207 ( 1966 )
I would advise no one to send his child where the Holy Scriptures are not supreme .
Every institution that does not unceasingly pursue the study of God 's word becomes corrupt .
Because of this we can see what kind of people they become in the universities and what they are like now .
Nobody is to blame for this except the pope , the bishops , and the prelates , who are all charged with training young people .
The universities only ought to turn out men who are experts in the Holy Scriptures , men who can become bishops and priests , and stand in the front line against heretics , the devil , and all the world .
But where do you find that ?
I greatly fear that the universities , unless they teach the Holy Scriptures diligently and impress them on the young students , are wide gates to hell .
To the Christian Nobility of the German States ( 1520 ) , translated by Charles M. Jacobs , reported in rev . James Atkinson , The Christian in Society , I ( Luther 's Works , ed. James Atkinson , vol. 44 ) , p. 207 ( 1966 )
The works of the righteous would be mortal sins if they would not be feared as mortal sins by the righteous themselves out of pious fear of God .
" Heidelberg Disputation : Thesis 7 " ( 1518 ) , http://bookofconcord.org/heidelberg.php#7
Unless I am convinced by the testimony of the Scriptures or by clear reason ( for I do not trust either in the pope or in councils alone , since it is well known that they have often erred and contradicted themselves ) , I am bound by the Scriptures I have quoted and my conscience is captive to the Word of God .
I cannot and will not recant anything , since it is neither safe nor right to go against conscience .
May God help me .
Amen .
Statement in defense of his writings at the Diet of Worms ( 19 April 1521 ) , as translated in The Nature of Protestantism ( 1963 ) by Karl Heim , p. 78 Luther is often said to have declared , " Here I stand , I can do no other , " before concluding with " God help me .
Amen . "
However , there is no indication in the transcripts of the Diet or in eyewitness accounts that he ever said this .
See " Disputed " section below .
Dieser yrthum von freyen willen ist eyn eygen Artickel des Endchrist .
This error of free will is a special doctrine of the Antichrist .
This error about the free will is a peculiar teaching of Antichrist .
Grund und Ursach aller Artikel D. Martin Luthers so durch römische Bulle unrechtlich verdammt sind ( Defense and Explanation of all the Articles of Dr. Martin Luther which were Unjustly Condemned by the Roman Bull ; An Argument in Defense of All the Articles of Dr. Martin Luther Wrongly Condemned in the Roman Bull ) , Article 36 , March 1521 .
Weimar , 7:451 [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
.
... God commanded in the law [ Deut . 22:22 - 24 ] that adulterers be stoned . . .
The temporal sword and government should therefore still put adulterers to death . . .
Where the government is negligent and lax , however , and fails to inflict the death penalty , the adulterer may betake himself to a far country and there remarry if he is unable to remain continent .
But it would be better to put him to death , lest a bad example be set . . .
The blame rests with the government .
Why do they not put adulterers to death ?
Then I would not need to give such advice .
Between two evils one is always the lesser , in this case allowing the adulterer to remarry in a distant land in order to avoid fornication . . .
Where the government fails to inflict the death penalty and the one spouse wishes to retain the other , the guilty one should still in Christian fashion be publicly rebuked and caused to make amends according to the gospel . . .
Here you should be guided by the words of St. Paul , I Corinthians 7 [ : 4–5 ] , “ The husband does not rule over his own body , but the wife does ; likewise the wife does not rule over her own body , but the husband does .
Do not deprive each other , except by agreement , ” etc. Notice that St. Paul forbids either party to deprive the other , for by the marriage vow each submits his body to the other in conjugal duty .
When one resists the other and refuses the conjugal duty she is robbing the other of the body she had bestowed upon him .
This is really contrary to marriage , and dissolves the marriage .
For this reason the civil government must compel the wife , or put her to death .
If the government fails to act , the husband must reason that his wife has been stolen away and slain by robbers ; he must seek another .
We would certainly have to accept it if someone ’s life were taken from him .
Why then should we not also accept it if a wife steals herself away from her husband , or is stolen away by others ?
The Estate of Marriage , 1522 , translated by Walther I. Brandt , from Luther 's Works , Vol. 45 , pp. 32-34 ) ; as quoted in Martin Luther : Execute Adulterers , Witches , Frigid Wives , & Prostitutes , Pagadian Diocese , October 26 , 2017 , Dave Armstrong
The mad mob does not ask how it could be better , only that it be different .
And when it then becomes worse , it must change again .
Thus they get bees for flies , and at last hornets for bees .
Whether Soldiers Can Also Be in a State of Grace ( 1526 )
Concerning the female sorcerer .
Roman law also prescribes this .
Why does the law name women more than men here , even though men are also guilty of this ?
Because women are more susceptible to those superstitions of Satan ; take Eve , for example .
They are commonly called “ wise women . ”
Let them be killed .
Sermon on Exodus , 1526 , WA XVI , p. 551 as quoted in Luther on Women : A Sourcebook , edited by Susan C. Karant - Nunn , Merry E. Wiesner - Hanks , ( 2003 ) , p. 231
Ein ' feste burg is unser Gott ,
ein gute wehr und waffen .
Er hilft uns frei aus aller not ,
die uns itzt hat betroffen .
A mighty fortress is our God ,
A bulwark never failing .
Our helper
He amid the flood
Of mortal ills prevailing .
Psalm .
Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott ( 1529 ) , translated by Frederic H. Hedge , reported in Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations , 10th ed. ( 1919 ) Literal Translation :
A firm fortress is our God ,
a good defense and weapon .
He frees us from all need ,
that has struck us .
Complete hymn , Pennsylvania Lutheran Church Book translation , at Wikisource
I know God only as he became human , so shall I have him in no other way . "
Das Marburger religionsgesprach 1529 : Versuch einer Rekonstruction ( Leipzig , 1929 ) , p. 27 ; also LW 38 , 3-90
In particular , at this point also urge governing authorities and parents to rule well and to send their children to school .
Point out how they are obliged to do so and what a damnable sin they commit if they do not , for thereby , as the worst enemies of God and humanity , they overthrow and lay waste both the kingdom of God and the kingdom of the world .
Explain very clearly what kind of horrible damage they do when they do not help to train children as pastors , preachers , civil servants , etc. , and tell them that God will punish them dreadfully for this .
For in our day and age it is necessary to preach about these things .
The extent to which parents and governing authorities are now sinning in these matters defies description .
The devil , too , intends to do something horrible in all this .
Foreword to the small catechismus , as quoted in the Preface , The Book of Concord : The Confessions of the Evangelical Lutheran Church ( 2000 ) by Robert Kolb and Timothy J. Wengert , p. 19
You must not murder .
( Exodus 20:13 )
Q. What does this mean ?
A . We should fear and love God so that we may not hurt or harm our neighbor in his body , but help and befriend him in every bodily need [ in every need and danger of life and body .
Small Catechism , The Fifth Commandment , ( 1529 )
What can only be taught by the rod and with blows will not lead to much good ; they will not remain pious any longer than the rod is behind them .
The Great Catechism .
Second Command ( 1529 )
We have now completed both the spiritual and the temporal government , that is , the divine and the paternal authority and obedience .
But here now we go forth from our house among our neighbors to learn how we should live with one another , every one himself toward his neighbor .
Therefore God and government are not included in this commandment nor is the power to kill , which they have taken away .
For God has delegated
His authority to punish evil - doers to the government instead of parents , who aforetime ( as we read in Moses ) were required to bring their own children to judgment and sentence them to death .
Therefore , what is here forbidden is forbidden to the individual in his relation to any one else , and not to the government .
[ The Large Catechism ] by Martin Luther , Translated by F. Bente and W.H.T. Dau Published in : Triglot Concordia : The Symbolical Books of the Ev. Lutheran Church ( St. Louis : Concordia Publishing House , 1921 ) pp. 565-773 , ( 1529 )
Peace is more important than all justice ; and peace was not made for the sake of justice , but justice for the sake of peace .
On Marriage ( 1530 )
Justice is a temporary thing that must at last come to an end ; but the conscience is eternal and will never die .
On Marriage ( 1530 )
Labour therefore diligently , that not only out of the time of temptation , but also in the time and conflict of death , when thy conscience is thoroughly afraid with the remembrance of thy sins past , and the devil assaileth thee with great violence , going about to overwhelm thee with heaps , floods and whole seas of sins , to terrify thee , to draw thee from Christ , and to drive thee to despair ; that then I say , thou mayest be able to say with sure confidence : Christ the Son of God was given , not for the righteous and holy , but for the unrighteous and sinners ....
If he gave himself to death for our sins , then undoubtedly he is no tyrant or judge which will condemn us for our sins .
He is no caster - down of the afflicted , but a raiser - up of those that are fallen , a merciful reliever and comforter of the heavy and broken - hearted .
Else should Paul lie in saying : " which gave himself for our sins . "
A Commentary on St. Paul's Epistle to the Galatians ( 1535 .
Translation revised 1953 by Philip S Watson .
On Galatians 1:4 . )
Now when God sends forth his holy Gospel , He deals with us in a twofold manner , the first outwardly , then inwardly .
Outwardly he deals with us through the oral word of the Gospel and through material sings , that is , baptism adndthe sacrament of the altar .
Inwardly
He deals with us through the Holy spirit , faith , and other gifts .
But whatever their measure of order the outward factors should and must procede .
The inward experience follows and is effected by the outward .
God has determined to give the inward to no one except through the outward .
Luthers Works , 40 p. 146 as quoted in Against the Idols : The Reformation of Worship from Erasmus to Calvin by Carlos M. N. Eire , p. 72
It is an article of faith that Mary is Mother of the Lord and still a Virgin .
Weimar edition of Martin Luther 's Works , English translation edited by J. Pelikan [ Concordia : St. Louis ] , Vol. 11 , 319-320
" She is rightly called not only the mother of the man , but also the Mother of God ...
It is certain that Mary is the Mother of the real and true God. Weimar edition of Martin Luther 's Works , English translation edited by J. Pelikan [ Concordia : St. Louis ] , Vol. 11 , Vol. 24 , 107
But the other conception , namely the infusion of the soul , it is piously and suitably believed , was without any sin , so that while the soul was being infused , she would at the same time be cleansed from original sin and adorned with the gifts of God to receive the holy soul thus infused .
And thus , in the very moment in which she began to live , she was without all sin .
Weimar edition of Martin Luther 's Works , English translation edited by J. Pelikan [ Concordia : St. Louis ] , Vol. 4 , 694
There can be no doubt that the Virgin Mary is in heaven .
How it happened we do not know .
Weimar edition of Martin Luther 's Works ( Translation by William J. Cole ) Vol. 10 , p. 268
The veneration of Mary is inscribed in the very depths of the human heart .
Weimar edition of Martin Luther 's Works ( Translation by William J. Cole ) 10 , III , p. 313
Is Christ only to be adored ?
Or is the holy Mother of God rather not to be honoured ?
This is the woman who crushed the Serpent 's head .
Hear us .
For your Son denies you nothing .
Weimar edition of Martin Luther 's Works , English translation edited by J. Pelikan [ Concordia : St. Louis ] , Vol. 51 , 128-129
The Virgin Mary remains in the middle between Christ and humankind .
For in the very moment he was conceived and lived , he was full of grace .
All other human beings are without grace , both in the first and second conception .
But the Virgin Mary , though without grace in the first conception , was full of grace in the second ... whereas other human beings are conceived in sin , in soul as well as in body , and Christ was conceived without sin in soul as well as in body , the Virgin Mary was conceived in body without grace but in soul full of grace .
As quoted in Anderson , H. George ; Stafford , J. Francis ; Burgess , Joseph A. , eds. ( 1992 ) .
The One Mediator , The Saints , and Mary .
Lutherans and Catholics in Dialogue .
VIII .
Minneapolis : Augsburg .
ISBN 0-8066-2579 -1. , p. 236
[ S ] he became the Mother of God , in which work so many and such great good things are bestowed on her as pass man 's understanding .
For on this there follows all honor , all blessedness , and her unique place in the whole of mankind , among which she has no equal , namely , that she had a child by the Father in heaven , and such a Child ....
Hence men have crowded all her glory into a single word , calling her the Mother of God ....
None can say of her nor announce to her greater things , even though he had as many tongues as the earth possesses flowers and blades of grass : the sky , stars ; and the sea , grains of sand .
It needs to be pondered in the heart what it means to be the Mother of God. Luther 's Works , 21:326 , cf. 21:346
Furthermore , how will you endure [ the Romanists ' ] terrible idolatries ?
It was not enough that they venerated the saints and praised God in them , but they actually made them into gods .
They put that noble child , the mother Mary , right into the place of Christ .
They fashioned Christ into a judge and thus devised a tyrant for anguished consciences , so that all comfort and confidence was transferred from Christ to Mary , and then everyone turned from Christ to his particular saint .
Can anyone deny this ?
Is it not true ?
Luther 's Works , 47:45 ; cf. also Anderson , Stafford & Burgess ( 1992 ) , p. 29
Mother Mary , like us , was born in sin of sinful parents , but the Holy Spirit covered her , sanctified and purified her so that this child was born of flesh and blood , but not with sinful flesh and blood .
The Holy Spirit permitted the Virgin Mary to remain a true , natural human being of flesh and blood , just as we .
However , he warded off sin from her flesh and blood so that she became the mother of a pure child , not poisoned by sin as we are .
For in that moment when she conceived , she was a holy mother filled with the Holy Spirit and her fruit is a holy pure fruit , at once God and truly man , in one person The Precious and Sacred Writings of Martin Luther ( 1905 ) edited by John Nicholas Lenker ; republished as Sermons of Martin Luther ( 1996 ) , p. 291
God has formed the soul and body of the Virgin Mary full of the Holy Spirit , so that she is without all sins , for she has conceived and borne the Lord Jesus .
D. Martin Luthers Werke , Kritische Gesamtausgabe , 61 vols. , ( Weimar : Verlag Hermann Böhlaus Nochfolger , 1883 - 1983 ) , 52:39 [ hereinafter : WA ] 1544
All seed except Mary was vitiated [ by original sin ] .
Weimar edition of Martin Luther 's Works , English translation edited by J. Pelikan [ Concordia : St. Louis ] , Vol. 11 , WA , 39 , II :107
By God 's grace , I know Satan very well .
If Satan can turn God 's Word upside down and pervert the Scriptures , what will he do with my words -- or the words of others ?
Confession Concerning Christ 's Supper , Part 3 . Robert E. Smith , tr. Dr. Martin Luthers Werke : Kritische Gesamtsusgabe .
( Weimar : Herman Boehlaus Nachfolger , 1909 ) , pp. 499-500 . [ 9 ]
Faith is a living , bold trust in God 's grace , so certain of God 's favor that it would risk death a thousand times trusting in it .
Such confidence and knowledge of God 's grace makes you happy , joyful and bold in your relationship to God and all creatures .
The Holy Spirit makes this happen through faith .
Because of it , you freely , willingly and joyfully do good to everyone , serve everyone , suffer all kinds of things , love and praise the God who has shown you such grace .
An Introduction to St. Paul 's Letter to the Romans from Dr. Martin Luthers Vermischte Deutsche Schriften .
Johann K. Irmischer , ed. Vol. 63 ( Erlangen : Heyder and Zimmer , 1854 ) , pp. 124-125 . ( EA 63:124-125 ) [ 10 ]
Such confidence and knowledge of God 's grace makes you happy , joyful and bold in your relationship to God and all creatures .
The Holy Spirit makes this happen through faith .
Because of it , you freely , willingly and joyfully do good to everyone , serve everyone , suffer all kinds of things , love and praise the God who has shown you such grace .
If you are a preacher of mercy , do not preach an imaginary but the true mercy .
If the mercy is true , you must therefore bear the true , not an imaginary sin .
God does not save those who are only imaginary sinners .
Be a sinner , and let your sins be strong ( sin boldly ) , but let your trust in Christ be stronger , and rejoice in Christ who is the victor over sin , death , and the world .
We will commit sins while we are here , for this life is not a place where justice resides .
We , however , says Peter ( 2. Peter 3:13 ) are looking forward to a new heaven and a new earth where justice will reign .
Letter 99 , Paragraph 13 .
Erika Bullmann Flores , Tr. from : Dr. Martin Luther 's Saemmtliche Schriften Dr. Johann Georg Walch Ed. ( St. Louis : Concordia Publishing House , N.D. ) , Vol. 15 , cols .
2585-2590 . [ 11 ]
We will commit sins while we are here , for this life is not a place where justice resides .
We , however , says Peter ( 2. Peter 3:13 ) are looking forward to a new heaven and a new earth where justice will reign .
What does it mean to have a god ?
or , what is God ?
Answer : A god means that from which we are to expect all good and to which we are to take refuge in all distress , so that to have a God is nothing else than to trust and believe Him from the [ whole ] heart ; as I have often said that the confidence and faith of the heart alone make both God and an idol .
If your faith and trust be right , then is your god also true ; and , on the other hand , if your trust be false and wrong , then you have not the true God ; for these two belong together faith and God .
That now , I say , upon which you set your heart and put your trust is properly your god .
Large Catechism 1.1 - 3 , F. Bente and W.H.T. Dau , tr. Triglot Concordia : The Symbolical Books of the Ev. Lutheran Church ( St. Louis : Concordia Publishing House , 1921 ) , 565 . [ 12 ]
.
If your faith and trust be right , then is your god also true ; and , on the other hand , if your trust be false and wrong , then you have not the true God ; for these two belong together faith and God .
That now , I say , upon which you set your heart and put your trust is properly your god .
But since the devil 's bride , Reason , that pretty whore , comes in and thinks she 's wise , and what she says , what she thinks , is from the Holy Spirit , who can help us , then ?
Not judges , not doctors , no king or emperor , because [ reason ] is the Devil 's greatest whore .
The original German is " Vernunft … ist die höchste Hur , die der Teufel hat " .
Martin Luther 's Last Sermon in Wittenberg … Second Sunday in Epiphany , 17 January 1546 .
Dr. Martin Luthers Werke : Kritische Gesamtausgabe .
( Weimar : Herman Boehlaus Nachfolger , 1914 ) , Band 51:126 , Line 7ff Martin Luther ( 1483-1546 ) .
The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy .
.
When we are inclined to boast of our position [ as Christians ] we should remember that we are but Gentiles , while the Jews are of the lineage of Christ .
We are aliens and in - laws ; they are blood relatives , cousins , and brothers of our Lord .
Therefore , if one is to boast of flesh and blood the Jews are actually nearer to Christ than we are .
That Jesus Christ Was Born a Jew Luther 's Works , American Edition ( Philadelphia : Fortress Press , 1962 ) , Vol. 45 , p. 201
I cannot forbid a person to marry several wives , for it does not contradict Scripture .
Letter to Chancellor Gregory Brück ( An Den Kanzler Brück ) , 1524-01 - 13 , in Dr. Martin Luther 's Briefe , Sendschreiben und Bedenken : volständig aus den verschiedenen Ausgaben seiner Werke und Briefe , aus andern Büchern und noch unbenutzten Handschriten gesammelt .
From the Wilhelm Martin Leberecht De Wette Collection of Luther 's Letters ( Berlin : Georg reimer , 1826 ) vol. 2 , p. 459 ( Letter DLXXII ; Latin text )
For the history of the centuries that have passed since the birth of Christ nowhere reveals conditions like those of the present .
There has never been such building and planting in the world .
There has never been such gluttonous and varied eating and drinking as now .
Wearing apparel has reached its limit in costliness .
Who has ever heard of such commerce as now encircles the earth ?
There have arisen all kinds of art and sculpture , embroidery and engraving , the like of which has not been seen during the whole Christian era .
In addition men are so delving into the mysteries of things that today a boy of twenty knows more than twenty doctors formerly knew .
Sermon for the Second Sunday in Advent , Luke 21:25 -36 ( 1522 ) , as translated in The Precious and Sacred Writings of Martin Luther ( 1905 ) edited by John Nicholas Lenker
Few are the women and maidens who would let themselves think that one could at the same time be joyous and modest .
They are all bold and coarse in their speech , in their demeanor wild and lewd .
That is now the fashion of being in good cheer .
But it is specially evil that the young maiden folk are exceedingly bold of speech and bearing , and curse like troopers , to say nothing of their shameful words and scandalous coarse sayings , which one always hears and learns from another .
" For He that is mighty hath done great things for me , and Holy is His Name " ( Luke 1:49 ) .
Luther comments :
for me , and Holy is His Name " ( Luke 1:49 ) .
Luther comments :
The " great things " are nothing less than that she became the Mother of God , in which work so many and such great good things are bestowed upon her as pass man 's understanding .
For on this there follows all honor , all blessedness , and her unique place in the whole of mankind , among whom she has no equal , namely , that she had a child by the Father in Heaven , and such a child .
She herself is unable to find a name for this work , it is too exceedingly great ; all she can do is break out in the fervent cry : " They are great things , " impossible to describe or define .
Hence men have crowded all her glory into a single word , calling her the Mother of God .
No one can say anything greater of her or to her , though he had as many tongues as there are leaves on the trees , or grass in the fields , or stars in the sky , or sand by the sea .
It needs to be pondered in the heart , what it means to be the Mother of God.
Commentary on the Magnificat ( Das Magnificat ) , A.D. 1521 Luther 's Works , American Edition , vol. 21 , p. 326 , ed. Jaroslav Pelikan , Concordia Publishing House , 1956 .
ISBN 057006421X
On coming to the house , they ( the Magi ) , saw the child with his mother Mary , and they bowed down and worshiped him .
( Matthew 2:11 )
. ( Matthew 2:11 ) [ This ] adoration , too , was not the same as the worship of God .
In my opinion they did not yet recognize him as God , but they acted in keeping with the custom mentioned in Scripture , according to which Kings and important people were worshiped ; this did not mean more than falling down before them at their feet and honoring them .
Sermon on The Gospel for the Festival of the Epiphany , 1522 .
Luther 's Works , American Ed. , Hans J. Hillerbrand , Helmut T. Lehmann eds. , Philadelphia , Concordia Publishing House / Fortress Press , 1974 , ISBN 0800603524 ( Sermons II ) , vol .
52:198
Religion is not ' doctrinal knowledge , ' but wisdom born of personal experience .
Holborn , Hajo ; A HISTORY OF MODERN GERMANY : The Reformation ; 1959/1982 Princeton university Press
Holy Christendom has , in my judgment , no better teacher after the apostles than St. Augustine . [ 14 ]
Luther 's Works , American Ed. , Robert H. Fischer , Helmut T. Lehman , eds. , Concordia Publishing House / Fortress Press , 1959 , ISBN 0800603370 ( Word and Sacrament III ) , vol .
37:107
And I myself , in Rome , heard it said openly in the streets , “ If there is a hell , then Rome is built on it . ”
That is , “ After the devil himself , there is no worse folk than the pope and his followers . ”
Against the Roman Papacy , An Institution of the Devil ( Wider das Papstum zu Rom vom Teuffel Gestifft , A. D. 1545 ) [ 15 ]
Luther 's Works , Church and Ministry III , American Ed. , Helmut T. Lehman , Eric W. Gritsch , eds. , Augsburg Fortress Press , 1966 , Vol. 41:279 . ISBN 0800603419 ISBN 9780800603410
Tell your master that if there were as many devils at Worms as tiles on its roofs , I would enter .
Psalm .
Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott ( translated by Frederic H. Hedge ) , Reported in Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations , 10th ed. ( 1919 ) .
" On the 16th of April , 1521 , Luther entered the imperial city [ of Worms ] ...
On his approach … the Elector 's chancellor entreated him , in the name of his master , not to enter a town where his death was decided .
The answer which Luther returned was simply this " .
Bunsen , Life of Luther
Dear rulers …
I maintain that the civil authorities are under obligation to compel the people to send their children to school . …
If the government can compel such citizens as are fit for military service to bear spear and rifle , to mount ramparts , and perform other martial duties in time of war , how much more has it a right to compel the people to send their children to school , because in this case we are warring with the devil , whose object it is secretly to exhaust our cities and principalities of their strong men.
letter to the German rulers ( 1524 ) , as quoted in The History of Compulsory Education in New England , John William Perrin , 1896
A penny saved is of more value than a penny paid out ( Der Sparpfennig ist reicher denn der Zinspfenning ) .
What Luther Says , Section on “ Life , Human , ” No. 2438 .
Rules for a Thrifty Life .
2 , p. 784
Heretics cannot themselves appear good unless they depict the Church as evil , false , and mendacious .
They alone wish to be esteemed as the good , but the Church must be made to appear evil in every respect .
Dictata super Psalterium ( Dictations on the Psalter ) .
This is Luther 's first major work from the years 1513 to 1515 .
( See What Luther Says , Ewald Martin Plass , ed. , vol. 3 , p. 1590 . [ 16 ] )
Denifle , Heinrich , Luther and Lutherdom , p. 15 ; primary source : D. Martin Luthers Werke : kritische Gesamtausgabe , Weimar , Herman Bohlau , 1883 , Vol. 3 , p. 445 . [ 17 ]
Wer anders lehret , denn ich hierinn gelehret hab , oder mich darinn verdammt , der verdamt Gott , und muß ein Kind der Höllen bleiben .
Whoever teaches differently from what I have taught , or whoever condemns me therein , he condemns God and must remain a child of hell .
Deutsche Antwort Luthers auf König Heinrichs von England Buch .
German answer of Martin Luther to the Book of King Henry of England , 1522 .
Dr. Martin Luther 's Sämtliche Werke , Polemische Deutsche Schriften , Johann Konrad Irmischer , Erlangen , 1833 , vol. 28 , p. 347 . [ 18 ]
.
I shall not have it judged by any man , not even by any angel .
For since I am certain of it , I shall be your judge and even the angels ’ judge through this teaching ( as St. Paul says [ 1 Cor. 6:3 ] ) so that whoever does not accept my teaching may not be saved - for it is God ’s teaching and not mine .
Against the Spiritual Estate of the Pope and the Bishops Falsely So Called , July 1522 .
Luther 's Works , Church and Ministry I , Eric W. Gritsch , Helmut T. Lehman eds. , Concordia Publishing House , 1986 , ISBN 0800603397 , ISBN 9780800603397 , vol. 39 , p. 249 . [ 19 ]
Of all the fathers , as many as you can name , not one has ever spoken about the sacrament as these fanatics do .
None of them uses such an expression as , ' It is simply bread and wine , ' or , ' Christ ’s body and blood are not present . '
Yet since this subject is so frequently discussed by them , it is impossible that they should not at some time have let slip such an expression as , ' It is simply bread , ' or , ' Not that the body of Christ is physically present , ' or the like , since they are greatly concerned not to mislead the people ; actually , they simply proceed to speak as if no one doubted that Christ ’s body and blood are present .
Certainly among so many fathers and so many writings a negative argument should have turned up at least once , as happens in other articles ; but actually they all stand uniformly and consistently on the affirmative side .
That These Words of Christ , ' This is My Body ' Still Stand Firm Against the Fanatics , 1527 , in Luther 's Works , Word and Sacrament III , 1961 , Fortress Press , ISBN 0800603370 ISBN 9780800603373 , Vol. 37 , p. 54 . [ 20 ]
This work appeared in vol. 2 of the Wittenberg ed. of Luther 's Works ( in German ) and was later translated into Latin by Matthew Judex ( Matthaeum Iudicem ) under the title : Defensio τοῦ ρητοῦ Verborum Cenae : Accipite , Comedite : Hoc est Corpus Meum : Contra Phanaticos Sacramentariorum Spiritus . [ 21 ]
Luther 's Latin : “ Nullus ex patribus , quorum infinitus est numerus , de Sacramento sic loquutus est , ut Sacramentarii .
Nam nemo ex iis talibus verbis utitur Tantum panis & vinum est : Vel Corpus & Sanguis Christi non adestProfecto non est credibile , nec possibile cum toties ab iis res ista agatur & repetatur , quod non aliquando , vel semel tantum excidissent haec verba .
Est merus Panis , aut , non quod Christi corpus corporaliter adsit , aut his similia , cum tamen multum referat ne homines seducantur , Sed omnes praecise ita loquuntur , quasi nullus dubitet , quin ibi praesto sit corpus & sanguis Christi .
Sane ex tot patribus , & tot scriptis , ab aliquibus , vel saltem ab uno potuisset negativa sententia proferri , ut in aliis articulis usitatum & frequens est , si non sensissent , corpus & sanguinem Christi vere inesse .
Verum omnes concordes & constantes uno ore affirmatium proferunt . ”
See Luther 's Opera Omnia , Wittenberg ed. , ( 1558 ) , vol. , 7 , p. 391 . [ 22 ]
Die heilige christliche Kirche ist das fürnehmeste Weil Gottes , umb welches willen Alles geschaffen ist ; darinnen täglich die großen Wunder geschehen , als Sunde vergeben , Tod wegnehmen , Gerechtigkeit und ewiges Leben geben .
The Holy Christian Church is the principal work of God , for the sake of which all things were made .
In the Church , great wonders daily occur , such as the forgiveness of sins , triumph over death . . . the gift of righteousness and eternal life .
( Commentary on Psalm 143:5 ) In The Lord 's Service : The Grace of Covenant Renewal Worship , 2003 , Jeffrey J. Meyers , Canon , Pr. , ISBN 1591280087 ISBN 9781591280088 , p. 285 . [ 23 ]
Auslegung vieler schöner Sprüche aus göttlicher Schrift ( Exposition of Many Beautiful Verses from Divine Scripture ( selection ) ( 1547 ) ) , [ 24 ]
Dr. Martin Luther 's Sämmtliche Werke , 1853 , Frankfurt - on - the - Main , Erlangen , Heyder & Zimmer , vol. 52 , p. 324 . [ 25 ]
.
It is an unsufferable blasphemy to reject the public ministry or to say that people can become holy without sermons and Church .
This involves a destruction of the Church and rebellion against ecclesiastical order ; such upheavals must be warded off and punished like all other revolts .
In Luther , Hartmann Grisar , 1915 , London , Kegan Paul , Trench , vol .
4 , p. 126 , ( referencing , the Corpus Reformatorum , vol. 4 , 737-740 . [ 26 ] ) [ 27 ] [ 28 ]
This involves a destruction of the Church and rebellion against ecclesiastical order ; such upheavals must be warded off and punished like all other revolts .
Wie David sagt :
An dir allein Hab ich gesündigt , auf daß du gerecht seiest in deinen Worten ; und zwar rechte Christen Hörens gern , daß man sie schilt und straft mit Göltes Wort .
Aber diese , so ungestraft sein wöllen , bekennen damit frei , daß sie die rechten verzweifelten Buben sind , die hiemit auch in den heiligen Geist fündigen , als die nicht leiden wollen , daß er sie durch sein Predigtamt strafe .
As David said , “ Against thee , thee only , have I sinned , so that thou art justified in thy sentence ” [ Ps. 51:4 ] .
As a matter of fact , true Christians willingly accept the rebuke and judgment that is in the preaching of God ’s word .
But those who wo n’t receive this judgment show plainly that they are really damnable knaves .
They are sinning against the Holy Spirit when they refuse to accept the rebuke of the preachers through whom he speaks .
Or they are so far gone that they regard our preaching as nothing more than man ’s word and so wo n’t tolerate it .
Appeal For Prayer Against the Turks [ Vermannung zum Gebet wider den Türken ] ( 1541 ) , as translated in Luther 's Works , ( 1968 ) , Vol. 43 , ISBN 0800603435 ISBN 9780800603434 , p. 228 .
Dr. Martin Luther 's Sämmtliche Werke , 1842 , Erlangen , Johann Konrad Irmischer , ed. , vol. 32 , p. 84 . [ 29 ]
Disputation against Scholastic Theology ( 1517 ) [ edit ]
Man is by nature unable to want God to be God .
Indeed , he himself wants to be God , and does not want God to be God .
Translation by H. J. Grimm in Luther 's Works , Vol. 31 : Career of the Reformer I ( 1957 )
The will is not free to strive toward whatever is declared good .
Thesis 10
Man is by nature unable to want God to be God .
Indeed , he himself wants to be God , and does not want God to be God .
Thesis 17
We do not become righteous by doing righteous deeds but , having been made righteous , we do righteous deeds .
Thesis 40
Since the law is good , the will , which is hostile to it , can not be good .
Thesis 87
When our Lord and Master Jesus Christ said , " Repent , " he willed the entire life of believers to be one of repentance .
Disputation on the Power and Efficacy of Indulgences , in Luther 's Works , Vol. 31 : Career of the Reformer I ( 1957 )
When our Lord and Master Jesus Christ said , " Repent , " he willed the entire life of believers to be one of repentance .
Thesis 1
To say that the cross emblazoned with the papal coat of arms , and set up by the indulgence preachers , is equal in worth to the cross of Christ is blasphemy .
Thesis 79
as translated by M. Tranvik ( Minneapolis : 2008 )
When speaking of the spiritual nature or the soul , we are referring to that which is “ inner ” or “ new . ”
When speaking of the bodily nature , or that which is flesh and blood , we are referring to that which is called “ sensual , ” “ outward , ” or “ old . ”
Paul writes in 2 Corinthians 4:16 : “ Even though our outer nature is wasting away , our inner nature is being renewed day by day . ” p. 51
Christ ought to be preached with this goal in mind — that we might be moved to faith in him so that he is not just a distant historical figure but actually Christ for you and me .
p. 69
Faith is born and preserved in us by preaching why Christ came , what he brought and gave to us , and the benefits we obtain when we receive him .
This happens when Christian liberty — which he gives to us — is rightly taught and we are told in what way as Christians we are all kings and priests and therefore lords of all .
p. 70
A person must take care to exercise moderate discipline over the body and subject it to the Spirit by means of fasting , vigils , and labor .
The goal is to have the body obey and conform — and not hinder — the inner person and faith .
Unless it is held in check , we know it is the nature of the body to undermine faith and the inner person .
pp. 71-72
One ought to fast , watch , and labor to the extent that such activities are needed to harness the body ’s desires and longings ; however , those who presume that they are justified by works pay no attention to the need for self - discipline but see the works themselves as the way to righteousness .
They believe that if they do a great number of impressive works all will be well and righteousness will be the result .
Sometimes this is pursued with such zeal that they become mentally unstable and their bodies are sapped of all strength .
Such disastrous consequences demonstrate that the belief that we are justified and saved by works without faith is extremely foolish .
p. 73
Adam was created righteous , acceptable , and without sin .
He had no need from his labor in the garden to be made righteous and acceptable to God .
Rather , the Lord gave Adam work in order to cultivate and protect the garden .
This would have been the freest of all works because they were done simply to please God and not to obtain righteousness .
…
The works of the person who trusts God are to be understood in a similar manner .
Through faith we are restored to paradise and created anew .
We have no need of works in order to be righteous ; however , in order to avoid idleness and so that the body might be cared for an disciplined , works are done freely to please God. pp. 73-74
Through faith we are restored to paradise and created anew .
p. 74
It is always necessary that the substance or essence of a person be good before there can be any good works and that good works follow and proceed from a person who is already good .
Christ says in Matthew 7:18 : “ A good tree cannot bear bad fruit , nor can a bad tree bear good fruit . ” ...
The fruit does not make the tree good or bad but the tree itself is what determines the nature of the fruit .
In the same way , a person first must be good or bad before doing a good or bad work .
pp. 74-75
A Christian has no need of any law in order to be saved , since through faith we are free from every law .
Thus all the acts of a Christian are done spontaneously , out of a sense of pure liberty .
As Christians we do not seek our own advantage or salvation because we are already fully satisfied and saved by God ’s grace through faith .
Now our only motive is to do that which is pleasing to God. pp. 75-76
In Matthew 12:23 Christ says : “ Either make the tree good , and its fruit good ; or make the tree bad and its fruit bad , ” as if to say : “ Let the one who wishes to have good fruit begin by planting a good tree . ”
Therefore , let the person who wishes to do good works being not with the works but with the believing , for this alone makes a person good .
p. 76
Many have been deceived by outward appearances and have proceeded to write and teach about good works and how they justify without even mentioning faith .
…
Wearying themselves with many works , they never come to righteousness .
p. 75
Our preaching does not stop with the law .
That would lead to wounding without binding up , striking down and not healing , killing and not making alive , driving down to hell and not bringing back up , humbling and not exalting .
Therefore , we must also preach grace and the promise of forgiveness — this is the means by which faith is awakened and properly taught .
Without this word of grace , the law , contrition , penitence , and everything else are done and taught in vain .
pp. 78-79
The Apostle Paul wants us to work with our hands in order to share with the needy ( Ephesians 5:28 ) .
Notice that he could have said that we should work to support ourselves .
But Paul says that we work to give to those in need .
This is why caring for our body is also a Christian work .
If the body is healthy and fit , we are able to work and save money that can be used to help those in need .
p. 80
A Sincere Admonition to All Christians to Guard Against Insurrection and Rebellion ( 1522 ) [ edit ]
in Luther 's Works , vol. 45 ( 1962 ) , pp. 57-74
Lying and guile need only to be revealed and recognized to be undone .
When once lying is recognized as such , it needs no second stroke ; it falls of itself and vanishes in shame .
p. 60
We must calm the mind of the common man , and tell him to abstain from the words and even the passions which lead to insurrection .
p. 62
Insurrection ... never brings about the desired improvement .
For insurrection lacks discernment ; it generally harms the innocent more than the guilty .
Hence , no insurrection is ever right , no matter how right the cause it seeks to promote .
pp. 62-63
Those who read and rightly understand my teaching will not start an insurrection ; they have not learned that from me .
p. 65
There is no need for you to develop an armed insurrection .
Christ himself has already begun an insurrection with his mouth .
pp. 67-68
An armed insurrection ... would hinder and bring into disrepute this spiritual insurrection .
p. 68
Temporal Authority : To What Extent It Should Be Obeyed ( 1523 ) [ edit ]
in Luther 's Works , vol. 45 ( 1962 ) , pp. 81-129
God the Almighty has made our rulers mad ; they actually think they can do — and order their subjects to do — whatever they please .
And the subjects make the mistake of believing that they , in turn , are bound to obey their rulers in everything .
p. 83
I would take to be quite a fool any man who would make a book full of laws and statutes for an apple tree telling it how to bear apples and not thorns , when the tree is able by its own nature to do this better than the man with all his books can describe and demand .
p. 89
Certainly it is true that Christians , so far as they themselves are concerned , are subject neither to law nor sword , and have need of neither .
But take heed and first fill the world with real Christians before you attempt to rule it in a Christian and evangelical manner .
This you will never accomplish ; for the world and the masses are and always will be un-Christian , even if they are all baptized and Christian in name .
p. 91
Against the Heavenly Prophets in the Matter of Images and Sacraments ( 1525 ) [ edit ]
As translated in Selected Writings of Martin Luther : 1523 - 1526 ( 1967 ) by Theodore Gerhardt Tappert ; also quoted in Theological Aesthetics : A Reader edited by Gesa Elsbeth Thiessen
I approached the task of destroying images by first tearing them out of the heart through God ’s Word and making them worthless and despised .
This indeed took place before Dr. Karlstadt ever dreamed of destroying images .
For when they are no longer in the heart , they can do no harm when seen with the eyes .
But Dr. Karlstadt , who pays no attention to matters of the heart , has reversed the order by removing them from sight and leaving them in the heart .
For he does not preach faith , nor can he preach it ; unfortunately , only now do I see that .
Which of these two forms of destroying images is best , I will let each man judge for himself .
pp. 84-85
I will first discuss images according to the Law of Moses , and then according to the gospel .
And I say at the outset that according to the Law of Moses no other images are forbidden than an image of God which one worships .
A crucifix , on the other hand , or any other holy image is not forbidden .
Heigh now !
you breakers of images , I defy you to prove the opposite !
pp. 85-86
Now I say this to keep the conscience free from mischievous laws and fictitious sins , and not because I would defend images .
Nor would I condemn those who have destroyed them , especially those who destroy divine and idolatrous images .
But images for memorial and witness , such as crucifixes and images of saints , are to be tolerated .
p. 91
Throughout your treatment you forget that you said that ' free - will ' can do nothing without grace , and you prove that ' free - will ' can do all things without grace !
Your inferences and analogies " For if man has lost his freedom , and is forced to serve sin , and cannot will good , what conclusion can more justly be drawn concerning him , than that he sins and wills evil necessarily ?
p. 149
By the law is the knowledge of sin [ Rom 3:20 ] , so the word of grace comes only to those who are distressed by a sense of sin and tempted to despair .
p. 168
As to why some are touched by the law and others not , so that some receive and others scorn the offer of grace ...[ this is the ] hidden will of God , Who , according to His own counsel , ordains such persons as He wills to receive and partake of the mercy preached and offered .
p. 169
Let all the ' free - will ' in the world do all it can with all its strength ; it will never give rise to a single instance of ability to avoid being hardened if God does not give the Spirit , or of meriting mercy if it is left to its own strength .
p. 202
Omnipotence and foreknowledge of God , I repeat , utterly destroy the doctrine of ' free - will ' ... doubtless it gives the greatest possible offense to common sense or natural reason , that God , Who is proclaimed as being full of mercy and goodness , and so on , should of His own mere will abandon , harden and damn men , as though He delighted in the sins and great eternal torments of such poor wretches .
It seems an iniquitous , cruel , intolerable thought to think of God ; and it is this that has been such a stumbling block to so many great men down through the ages .
And who would not stumble at it ?
I have stumbled at it myself more than once , down to the deepest pit of despair , so that I wished I had never been made a man .
( That was before I knew how health - giving that despair was , and how close to grace p. 217
Now , since on God 's own testimony , men are ' flesh ' , they can savour of nothing but the flesh ; therefore ' free - will can avail only to sin .
And if , while the Spirit of God is calling and teaching among them , they go from bad to worse , what could they do when left to themselves , without the Spirit of God ?
Your [ Erasmus ] observation that Moses is speaking of the men of that age is not to the point at all .
The same is true of all men , for all are ' flesh ' ; as Christ says , ' That which is born of the flesh is flesh ' ( John 3:6 ) How grave a defect this is , He Himself there teaches , when he says : ' Except a man be born again , he cannot enter the kingdom of God ( v. 5 ) ... I call a man ungodly if he is without the Spirit of God ; for Scripture says that the Spirit is given to justify the ungodly .
As Christ distinguished the Spirit from the flesh , saying : " that which is born of the flesh is flesh ' , and adds that which is born of the flesh cannot enter the kingdom of God ' , it obviously follows that whatever is flesh is ungodly , under God 's wrath , and a stranger to His kingdom .
And if it is a stranger to God 's kingdom and Spirit , it follows of necessity that it is under the kingdom and spirit of Satan .
For there is no middle kingdom between the kingdom of God and the Kingdom of Satan , which are ever at war with each other .
p. 241 , 253
I say that man without the grace of God nonetheless remains the general omnipotence of God who effects , and moves and impels all things in a necessary , infallible course ; but the effect of man 's being carried along is nothing -- that is , avails nothing in God 's sight , nor is reckoned to be anything but sin .
p. 265
All the passages in the Holy Scriptures that mention assistance are they that do away with " free - will " , and these are countless ... For grace is needed , and the help of grace is given , because " free - will " can do nothing .
p. 270
I frankly confess that , for myself , even if it could be , I should not want " free - will " to be given me , nor anything to be left in my own hands to enable me to endeavour after salvation ; not merely because in face of so many dangers , and adversities and assaults of devils , I could not stand my ground ; but because even were there no dangers .
I should still be forced to labour with no guarantee of success .¦
But now that God has taken my salvation out of the control of my own will , and put it under the control of His , and promised to save me , not according to my working or running , but according to His own grace and mercy , I have the comfortable certainty that He is faithful and will not lie to me , and that He is also great and powerful , so that no devils or opposition can break Him or pluck me from Him .
Furthermore , I have the comfortable certainty that I please God , not by reason of the merit of my works , but by reason of His merciful favour promised to me ; so that , if I work too little , or badly , He does not impute it to me , but with fatherly compassion pardons me and makes me better .
This is the glorying of all the saints in their God. p. 313-314
We refuse to have our conscience bound by any work or law , so that by doing this or that we should be righteous , or leaving this or that undone we should be damned .
Chapter 2
Our stubbornness is right , because we want to preserve the liberty which we have in Christ .
Only by preserving our liberty shall we be able to retain the truth of the Gospel inviolate .
Chapter 2
Some will object that the Law is divine and holy .
Let it be divine and holy .
The Law has no right to tell me that I must be justified by it .
Chapter 2
Leave the ass burdened with laws behind in the valley .
But your conscience , let it ascend with Isaac into the mountain .
Chapter 2 , Verse 14
The Law continues to exist and to function .
But it no longer exists for me .
Chapter 2 , Verse 19
When you see a person squirming in the clutches of the Law , say to him : “ Brother , get things straight .
You let the Law talk to your conscience .
Make it talk to your flesh .
Chapter 2 , Verse 19
I know that a Christian should be humble , but against the Pope I am going to be proud and say to him : “ You , Pope , I will not have you for my boss , for I am sure that my doctrine is divine . ”
Chapter 2 , Verse 6
The true Gospel has it that we are justified by faith alone , without the deeds of the Law .
Chapter 2
To turn one 's eyes away from Jesus means to turn them to the Law .
Chapter 2
Paul calleth the Galatians foolish and bewitched , comparing them to children , to whom witchcraft doth much harm .
As though he should say :
It happeneth to you as it doth to children , whom witches , sorcerers , and enchanters are wont to charm by their enchantments , and by the illusions of the devil .
Afterwards , in the fifth chapter , he rehearseth sorcery among the works of the flesh , which is a kind of witchcraft , whereby he plainly testifieth , that indeed such witchcraft and sorcery there is , and that it may be done .
Moreover , it can not be denied but that the devil , yea , and reigneth throughout the whole world .
Witchcraft and sorceru therefore are the works of the devil ; whereby he doth not only hurt men , but also , by the permission of God , he sometimes destroyeth them .
Furthermore , we are all subject to the devil , both in body and goods ; and we be strangers in this world , whereof he is the prince and god .
Therefore the bread which we eat , the drink which we drink , the garments which we wear , yea , the air , and whatsoever we live by in the flesh is under his dominion .
A Commentary on St. Paul's Epistle to the Galatians by Martin Luther , Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Tischer , Samuel Simon Schmucker Chapter 3 , p. 286
Table Talk ( 1569 ) [ edit ]
Tischreden ( 1569 )
... a penny saved is better than a penny earned .
The Duty of a Husband and Wife ( 17 March 1539 ) , No. 4408 .
LW 54:337
Superstition , idolatry , and hypocrisy have ample wages , but truth goes a - begging .
53
The Clergy is the greatest hindrance to faith .
58
For where God built a church , there the Devil would also build a chapel ... Thus is the Devil ever God 's ape .
67 . Compare " Where God hath a temple , the Devil will have a chapel " , Robert Burton , Anatomy of Melancholy , part III , section 4 , member 1 , subsection 1
so it is with human reason , which strives not against faith , when enlightened , but rather furthers and advances it .
On Justification CCXCIV
A faithful and good servant is a real godsend ; but truly 'tis a rare bird in the land .
156
The Mass is the greatest blasphemy of God , and the highest idolatry upon earth , an abomination the like of which has never been in Christendom since the time of the Apostles .
171
There is no more lovely , friendly and charming relationship , communion or company than a good marriage .
292
I am entirely of the opinion that the papacy is the Antichrist .
But if anyone wants to add the Turk , then the Pope is the spirit of the Antichrist , and the Turk is the flesh of the Antichrist .
They help each other in their murderous work .
The latter slaughters bodily and by the sword , the former spiritually and by doctrine .
330
A theologian is born by living , nay dying and being damned , not by thinking , reading , or speculating .
352
Reason is the greatest enemy that faith has : it never comes to the aid of spiritual things , but -- more frequently than not -- struggles against the divine Word , treating with contempt all that emanates from God. 353
Out of special hatred for our faith , the devil has sent some whores here to destroy our poor young men . . . such a syphilitic whore can poison ten , twenty , thirty or more of the children of good people , and thus is to be considered a murderer , or worse , as a poisoner .
And I must speak plainly .
If I were a judge , I would have such a poisonous , syphilitic whore tortured by being broken on the wheel and having her veins lacerated , for it is not to be denied what damage such a filthy whore does to young blood , so that it is unspeakably damaged before it is even fully grown and destroyed in the blood .
pp. 552-554 ( 1566 ) ; cited in Susan C. Karant - Nunn & Merry E. Wiesner - Hanks [ editors and translators ] , Luther on Women : a Sourcebook , Cambridge University Press , 2003 , pp. 157-158 )
The reproduction of mankind is a great marvel and mystery .
Had God consulted me in the matter , I should have advised him to continue the generation of the species by fashioning them of clay , in the way Adam was fashioned .
752
But the Jews are so hardened that they listen to nothing ; though overcome by testimonies they yield not an inch .
It is a pernicious race , oppressing all men by their usury and rapine .
If they give a prince or magistrate a thousand florins , they extort twenty thousand from the subjects in payment .
We must ever keep on guard against them .
863
When the devil comes at night to worry me , this is what I say to him : “ Devil , I have to sleep now .
That is God ’s commandment , for us to work by day and sleep at night . ”
If he keeps on nagging me and trots out my sins , then I answer : “ Sweet devil , I know the whole list .
But I have done even more sin which is not on your list .
Write there also that I have shit in my breeches .
Hang it around your neck and wipe your mouth on it . ”
Then , if he wo n’t cease to accuse me of sins , I say in contempt : “ Holy Satan , pray for me . ” ( " Sancte Satane , ora pro me " ) .
In , I Am a Christian : The Nun , the Devil , and Martin Luther , Carolyn M. Schneider , Fortress Press 2010 , ISBN 0800697324 ISBN 978-0800697327 p. 49 .
( citing in Notes ( p. 148 ) , WA , Tr 2:131–32 ) . [ 30 ]
Expurgated version in , What Luther Says , Ewald M. Plass , vol. 1 , pp. 403-404 , ( citing WA , Tr 2 , No. 1557 ) .
1191 How Luther Handled the Devil , May 20 , 1532 .
" When the devil comes during the night to plague me ... " [ 31 ]
German & Latin text , Erlangen - Frankfurt ed. ( 1854 ) , vol. 60 , p. 101 , No. 1574 .
" Wenn der Teufel des Nachts an mich kömpt mich zu plagen , gebe ich ihm diese Antwort ... " [ 32 ]
( " " ) .
I think these things [ firearms ] were invented by Satan himself , for they ca n’t be defended against with ( ordinary ) weapons and fists .
All human strength vanishes when confronted with firearms .
A man is dead before he sees what ’s coming .
3552
.
They are splendidly built [ Italian Hospitals ] , the best food and drink are at hand , the attendants are very diligent , the physicians are learned , the beds and coverings are very clean , and the bedsteads are painted .
As soon as a sick man is brought in , all his clothes are taken off in the presence of a notary and are faithfully kept for him .
He is then laid in a handsomely painted bed with clean sheets .
Two physicians are fetched at once .
Attendants come with food and drink , served in immaculate glass vessels ; these are not touched with as much as a finger but are brought on a tray .
3930
Dictionary of Burning Words of Brilliant Writers ( 1895 ) [ edit ]
Quotes reported in Josiah Hotchkiss Gilbert , Dictionary of Burning Words of Brilliant Writers ( 1895 ) .
Faith , like light , should ever be simple and unbending ; while love , like warmth , should beam forth on every side , and bend to every necessity of our brethren .
p. 220
Faith looks to the word and the promise ; that is , to the truth .
But hope looks to that which the word has promised , to the gift .
p. 221
We believe that the very beginning and end of salvation , and the sum of Christianity , consists of faith in Christ , who by His blood alone , and not by any works of ours , has put away sin , and destroyed the power of death .
p. 224
Faith ever says , " If Thou wilt , " not " If Thou canst . " p. 241
We may search long to find where God is , but we shall find Him in those who keep the words of Christ .
For the Lord Christ saith , " If any man love me , he will keep my words ; and we will make our abode with him . " p. 278
The believing man hath the Holy Ghost ; and where the Holy Ghost dwelleth , He will not suffer a man to be idle , butstirreth him up to all exercises of piety and godliness , and of true religion , to the love of God , to the patient suffering of afflictions , to prayer , to thanksgiving , and the exercise of charity towards all men .
p. 320
Merit is a work for the sake of which Christ gives rewards .
But no such work is to be found , for Christ gives by promise .
Just as if a prince should say to me , " Come to me in my castle , and I will give you a hundred florins . "
I do a work , certainly , in going to the castle , but the gift is not given me as the reward of my work in going , but because the prince promised it to me .
p. 409
Let us keep to Christ , and cling to Him , and hang on Him , so that no power can remove us .
p. 433
Quotes about Luther [ edit ]
Luther , who was then at the apex of his power , ... proclaimed the servitude of the people as holy and legitimate .
...
Were not these teachings , given in the name of the faith to a famishing people in revolt against the tyranny and avidity of the ruling aristocracy , fatal to the future of the peasant masses , whose very sufferings were thus legitimised in the name of the religion that should have come to their aid ?
~ Francesco Saverio Nitti
Why , for instance , did Martin Luther succeed , whereas other important rebels against the medieval church — like John Huss — fail ?
Well , Luther was successful because printing had been developed by the time he advanced his cause .
So his good earthy writings were put into pamphlets and spread so far and wide that the church officials could n't have stopped the Protestant Reformation even if they had burned Luther at the stake .
Isaac Asimov , " Science , Technology and Space : The Isaac Asimov Interview " Pat Stone , Mother Earth News , October 1980
The wish of Luther , that all his books of devotion were burnt , raises him greatly in my opinion ; because he discovered , that the immoderate esteem and veneration attatched to them , caused the Scriptures to be neglected .
Robert Boyle , Treatises on the high veneration man 's intellect owes to God ( 1835 ) , p. 182
Rousseau , though holding views diametrically opposed to Luther 's as to the character of man , finally strengthened his hand by his estimate of man 's mind .
Luther believed in the utter moral wretchedness of man , but Rousseau believed not only in man 's goodness on the plane of character but he also was convinced ( like Luther ) that man is by nature intelligent .
The " democrats " of the late eighteenth and the nineteenth centuries deducted from Luther 's and Rousseau 's joint declaration that man is intelligent ( either by nature or by an inner light ) the further conclusion that the sum total of all minds must be perfection itself .
Francis Stuart Campbell , pen name of Erik von Kuehnelt - Leddihn ( 1943 ) , Menace of the Herd , or , Procrustes at Large , Milwaukee , WI : The Bruce Publishing Company , p. 41
of man , finally strengthened his hand by his estimate of man 's mind .
Luther believed in the utter moral wretchedness of man , but Rousseau believed not only in man 's goodness on the plane of character but he also was convinced ( like Luther ) that man is by nature intelligent .
The " democrats " of the late eighteenth and the nineteenth centuries deducted from Luther 's and Rousseau 's joint declaration that man is intelligent ( either by nature or by an inner light ) the further conclusion that the sum total of all minds must be perfection itself .
It is particularly proper to introduce some mention of Luther in this place ; not that he is in any way implicated in the question of necromancy , but that there are passages in his writings in which he talks of the devil in what we should now think a very extraordinary way .
And it is curious , and not a little instructive , to see how a person of so masculine an intellect , and who in many respects so far outran the illumination of his age , was accustomed to judge respecting the intercourse of mortals with the inhabitants of the infernal world .
Luther was born in the year 1483 .
It appears from his Treatise on the Abuses attendant on Private Masses , that he had a conference with the devil on the subject .
He says , that this supernatural personage caused him by his visits " many bitter nights and much restless and wearisome repose . "
Once in particular he came to Luther , " in the dead of the night , when he was just awaked out of sleep .
The devil , " he goes on to say , " knows well how to construct his arguments , and to urge them with the skill of a master .
He delivers himself with a grave , and yet a shrill voice .
Nor does he use circumlocutions , and beat about the bush , but excels in forcible statements and quick rejoinders .
I no longer wonder , " he adds , " that the persons whom he assails in this way , are occasionally found dead in their beds .
He is able to compress and throttle , and more than once he has so assaulted me and driven my soul into a corner , that I felt as if the next moment it must leave my body .
I am of opinion that Gesner and Oecolampadius and others in that manner came by their deaths .
The devil 's manner of opening a debate is pleasant enough ; but he urges things so peremptorily , that the respondent in a short time knows not how to acquit himself . "
He elsewhere says , " The reasons why the sacramentarians understood so little of the Scriptures , is that they do not encounter the true opponent , that is , the devil , who presently drives one up in a corner , and thus makes one perceive the just interpretation .
For my part I am thoroughly acquainted with him , and have eaten a bushel of salt with him .
He sleeps with me more frequently , and lies nearer to me in bed , than my own wife does . "
Luther remains master of direct presentation of the truth , Kierkegaard , peer of Christian “ indirect impartation ” by a Socratic pedagogy .
They are two complementary types of mind .
In the growing complex , subtle , ratiocinate trend of modern life the bold simplicity of Luther 's manly directness needs Kierkegaard 's invincible “ double - reflectivity ” and keen appreciation of the refined intricacies of mind and life as a healthful corrective .
Times change and we Christians must change with them in all things somewhat , except in the faith that saves .
Soren Kierkegaard in his life and literature by Adolf Hult 1906 p. 21
From the day on which Luther denied the authority of the Pope , and publicly declared in the Diet " that his teachings must be controverted through the words of the Bible itself , or with sensible reasons , " there begins a new era in Germany .
The fetters with which Saint Boniface had chained the German Church to Rome are broken .
This Church , which has hitherto formed an integral part of the great hierarchy , now splits into religious democracies .
The character of the religion itself is essentially changed : the Hindoo - Gnostic element disappears from it , and the Judaic - theistic element again becomes prominent .
We behold the rise of evangelical Christianity .
By recognising and legitimising the most importunate claims of the senses , religion becomes once more a reality .
The priest becomes man , takes to himself a wife , and begets children , as God desires .
Heinrich Heine , The Prose Writings of Heinrich Heine
When [ Luther ] says : " I do not admit that my doctrine can be judged by anyone , not by the angels , " one could almost imagine hearing Hitler speak .
Francis Stuart Campbell , pen name of Erik von Kuehnelt - Leddihn ( 1943 ) , Menace of the Herd , or , Procrustes at Large , Milwaukee , WI : The Bruce Publishing Company , p. 170-171
No .
4638 : Luther Rejects the Copernican Cosmology June 4 , 1539
There was mention of a certain new astrologer who wanted to prove that the earth moves and not the sky , the sun , and the moon .
This would be as if somebody were riding on a cart or in a ship and imagined that he was standing still while the earth and the trees were moving .
[ Luther remarked , ] “ So it goes now .
Whoever wants to be clever must agree with nothing that others esteem .
He must do something of his own .
This is what that fellow does who wishes to turn the whole of astronomy upside down .
Even in these things that are thrown into disorder I believe the Holy Scriptures , for Joshua commanded the sun to stand still and not the earth [ Josh . 10:12 ] . ” Luther , M. ( 1999 , c1967 ) .
Vol. 54 : Luther 's works , vol .
54 : Table Talk ( J. J. Pelikan , H. C. Oswald and H. T. Lehmann , Ed. ) .
Luther 's Works ( 54:358 ) .
Philadelphia : Fortress Press
Protestantism itself , in its early phases , was plainly a movement toward mysticism : its purpose , at least in theory , was to remove the priestly veil separating man from the revealed Word of God .
But that veil was restored almost instantly , and by the year 1522 , five years after Wittenberg , Luther was damning the Anabaptists with all the ferocious certainty of a medieval Pope , and his followers were docily accepting his teaching .
H. L. Mencken " Treatise on the Gods " , ( 1930 ) , Ch. 1 .
Bruder Sanftleben und Vater Leisentret ... meinet , er wollte gerne seine fürgenommene Lüste alle ins Werk führen , seine Pracht und Reichtümer behalten und gleichwohl einen bewährten Glauben haben , welches doch der Sohn Gottes mit klaren Worten den Schriftgelehrten getadelt hat ( Joh. am 5 . ) , da er spricht : » Wie ist 's möglich , daß ihr könnet glauben , wenn ihr eure Ehre sucht ? «
Brother Soft- life and Father Pussyfoot ... would like to maintain his pomp and riches and simultaneously have a tested faith .
The son of God accused the scribes of just this with clear words , John 5 [ : 44 ] , when he said , " How is it possible that you can believe when you seek your own honour ? "
Thomas Müntzer , " Exposure of False Faith " ( 1524 ) , in Revelation and Revolution : Basic Writings of Thomas Müntzer ( 1993 ) , p. 121
The poverty - stricken rural population rose up against their despoilers ; they burnt down the castles of the nobles , and swore that they would leave nothing to be seen upon the land but the cabins of the poor .
The rich middle - class seemed at first to side with them , and at Strasburg , Nuremberg , and Ulm the peasants were encouraged , aided , and provided for .
However , the bourgeoisie soon grew alarmed at the spreading of the insurrection , and made common cause with the nobles in smothering the revolt in the rural districts .
Luther , who was then at the apex of his power , condemned the rising in the name of religion , and proclaimed the servitude of the people as holy and legitimate .
" You seek , " wrote he , " to free your persons and your goods .
You desire the power and the goods of this earth .
You will suffer no wrong .
The Gospel , on the contrary , has no care for such things , and makes exterior life consist in suffering , supporting injustice , the cross , patience , and contempt of life , as of all the things of this world .
To suffer !
To suffer !
The cross !
The cross !
Behold what Christ teaches ! "
Were not these teachings , given in the name of the faith to a famishing people in revolt against the tyranny and avidity of the ruling aristocracy , fatal to the future of the peasant masses , whose very sufferings were thus legitimised in the name of the religion that should have come to their aid ?
Francesco Saverio Nitti , Catholic Socialism ( 1895 ) , p. 75
Luther defined the Devil as a giant anus , and in much iconography we see Evil and Sin personified by farting , shitting , and sodomy .
There is no satisfactory explanation for this anal phobia , though no doubt it had something to do with what we now call the " anal - retentive " personality of authoritarian types .
Rictor Norton , A History of Homophobia , " 4 Gay Heretics and Witches " 15 April 2002 , updated 18 February 2011 , < http://rictornorton.co.uk/homopho4.htm>; originally featured in Gay News , No. 87 ( 1976 ) , p. 15-16
Augustine , Aquinas , Luther , and Calvin , chief among the formative minds of Christendom , although separated by the centuries and antagonistic in many of their views , are united in their belief that war is legitimate when used in a righteous cause .
Kirby Page , Jesus or Christianity ( 1929 ) , p. 101
By a strange inconsistency , Luther justified all wars of self - defense except those waged by subjects against tyrannical rulers .
He unconditionally condemned rebellion and revolution .
In referring to the peasants ' revolt .
...
To the soldiers who took the field against the peasants , he said : " If you die in battle against them , you could never have a more blessed end , for you die obedient to God 's Word in Romans 13 , and in the service of love to free your neighbor from the bands of hell and the devil . "
Kirby Page , Jesus or Christianity ( 1929 ) , p. 102-103 , from Preserved Smith , The Age of the Reformation p. 98
In later years Luther showed no regret for his attitude toward this rebellion .
Indeed , he went so far as to say : " Preachers are the biggest murderers about , for they admonish the authorities to fulfill their duty and punish the wicked .
I , Martin Luther , slew all the peasants in the rebellion , for I said they should be slain ; all their blood is on my head .
But I cast it on our Lord God , who commanded me to speak in this way . "
Kirby Page , Jesus or Christianity ( 1929 ) , p. 103 , from R. H. Murray , Erasmus and Luther , p. 251
Freedom was the watchword of Martin Luther in his early days .
His theology rested upon the foundation of the right of private judgment , and he boldly proclaimed the " universal priesthood of all Christians . "
… His own conduct , however , often departed widely from his abstract teaching .
...
In practice he was often bitterly intolerant of his opponents .
...
He favored banishment for Catholics who remained steadfast to their faith , and in 1530 signed a memorandum drafted by Melanchthon which justified the setting up of a regular system of coercion and the use of the death penalty for the most dangerous heretics or blasphemers .
Concerning this point a Protestant theologian [ Walther Kohler ] says : " The death - penalty for heresy rested on the highest Lutheran authority . "
Kirby Page , Jesus or Christianity ( 1929 ) , p. 128-130 , quote by Walther Kohler from Hartmann Grisar 's Luther , Vol. 6 , p. 266
Luther went so far as to rejoice over the death of Zwingli : " God knows the thoughts of the heart .
It is well that Zwingli , Carlstadt , and Pellicanus lie dead on the battle field .
...
Oh , what a triumph is this , that they have perished !
God indeed knows
His business well . "
Kirby Page , Jesus or Christianity ( 1929 ) , p. 131-132 , from Hartmann Grisar , Luther , Vol.3 , p. 384
Luther exclaimed : " I would have no compassion on these witches .
I would burn them all . "
Kirby Page , Jesus or Christianity ( 1929 ) , p. 141 , from Andrew Dickson
White ,
The Warfare of Science with Theology , Vol.1 , p. 363
Lucas Cranach ( 1472 –1553 ) is today acknowledged as one of the great painters of the Northern Renaissance , the creator of a large number of remarkable paintings in a distinctive , highly recognisable style .
He was also responsible for the iconic series of images of the Protestant reformer Martin Luther ( 1483 –1546 ) , his friend and contemporary who had also settled in the small north German city of Wittenberg .
His images of Luther and friends provide the definitive pictorial chronicle of the reformer ’s life , from the time he first burst on to the public stage , and into old age .
All of the many books that celebrate Luther in this run-up to the 500th anniversary in 2017 of the publishing of his 95 Theses will draw on Cranach for their image of the reformer .
Andrew Pettegree , " The art that built Martin Luther ’s brand " , Apollo , ( 15 October 2016 ) .
Had Luther and Calvin been confined before they had begun to dogmatize , the states would have been spared many troubles .
Cardinal Richelieu as quoted in The Catholic Encyclopedia ( 1913 ) , edited by Charles George Herbermann
Luther was not the first theologian to criticize the powers of the papacy .
... John Wyclif at the end of the fourteenth century and John Hus at the beginning of the fifteenth century had attacked the excessive power of papacy .
Luther was certainly well aware of John Hus 's fate at the Council of Constance , where he was burned at the stake on charges of heresy .
Jackson Spielvogel ( 2014 ) .
Western Civilization .
Cengage Learning , p. 372
Luther now had too much reason to complain of the impiety and cruelty of the Pope , who he openly declared to be the Man of Sin , and the great Antichrist .
John Wesley .
The Arminian Magazine ( 1797 ) .
J. Fry & Company in Queen - Street . p. 502
Religion may be purified .
This great work was begun two hundred years ago : but men can only bear light to come in upon them by degrees .
Voltaire ,
The critical review , or annals of literature , Vol. XXVI , by A Society of Gentlemen , ( 1768 ) .
p. 450
Ah , DarkBASIC takes me back .
Its various iterations made regular and hard - fought - for appearances on the coverdisc of the magazine I used to work for , and at the time were one of very few ways for amateur types to make a standalone videogame of their own , without having to learn coding or resort to modding .
Never got around to trying it myself , but I got the impression it was pretty decent .
Take a look at ( and play ) the kind of stuff that ’s been made with it here and here .
And now it ’s free – ad - supported , but it ’s the full Professional edition , entirely bereft of its former $ 70 pricetag .
Presumably it ’s a response to the likes of Unity and the Unreal 3 SDK going similarly free – this is one case where a crowded marketplace is only good news .
Dance !
Dance with joy !
Or we ’ll kill you !
Oh , and DarkBASIC creators the Gamer , er , Creators have another freebie …
It ’s the FPS Creator , “ which enables the creation of rich , engaging 3D First Person Shooter games by people with no previous programming or 3D modelling experience ” , it says here .
It ’s not a massively advanced engine – understandable , given it needs to be accessible – but it can create stuff that ’s visually on a par with the original Half - Life , or thereabouts .
Creatively on a par ?
Well , that ’s up to you .
It is free , but carries a few more restrictions than DB – notably , no multiplayer creation options , and you ca n’t make your game standalone .
Unless you pay to upgrade , anyway .
Not a bad deal , though : if you do create something you ’re proud of , there ’s no licensing or restrictions on publishing it .
Go to it .
Make wonderful , twisted , free things .
Zafarkey , Pakistan ( CNN ) -- Fazeelat Bibi peels back the white bandage , exposing her mutilated face .
In the place of her nose are two gaping dark holes surrounded by raw pink flesh in the final stages of healing .
" I cant sleep without fear , " she says , her hands twisting beneath her light colored chador .
" Whenever I try to sleep , I see the whole brutal act in front of my eyes . "
The 22 - year - old used to be the family jokester , the youngest girl out of her six siblings , and her mother 's favorite .
But a chilling act of violence destroyed her life and killed her spirit .
These days she spends most of her time in silence , rarely venturing outside of the house .
Her voice is strong , angry as she tells us she wants her story told .
It all happened in the small village of Zafarkey , outside of Lahore , surrounded by brick kilns and bright green fields .
Fazeelat 's cousin , Sher Mohammed wanted to marry her and came with family members to ask her parents for her hand .
" My family refused , " Fazeelat told us .
" My eldest sister was already married into their family and she was not happy and was facing a lot of problems because of their family .
My parents also thought they were bad people . "
She says that Sher Mohammed , his brother , and other members of his family started to threaten her , saying they would destroy her face .
" We thought that maybe that would harm my brothers .
But we never thought that these cruel people would commit this type of a ruthless act , " she said .
In late September , a month and a half after the rejected proposal , Fazeelat was on her way home from work at the brick kiln with her brother and elderly father .
" It was around 6:30 a.m . " she said , softly biting her lower lip .
" Five people jumped out of the crops .
I recognized them and I begged them not to beat me , but they said they were going to kill me . "
Her brother , Sabir Ali , said he was helpless , held at gunpoint along with this father .
" We begged them to just take my sister 's gold earrings , but they told us to keep quiet or they would kill us , " he said .
He watched the entire horrific act .
Fazeelat said : " They tried to strangle me .
They used a rope and one of them pulled it from either side .
I cried out , but then they covered my mouth . "
Then she says Sher Mohammed came at her with the knife .
" They said " we will kill you .
Since your mother did not accept our marriage proposal , we are going to leave you in a state where no one will want you , " " Fazeelat remembers them saying .
It was Sher Mohammed , the man who wanted to be her husband , that sliced off her nose and slashed her ear .
She lost consciousness .
" When I came to my senses at the hospital , I was still crying out , begging them to stop , saying the same things I was saying at the time of the attack .
All I could see was the attackers in front of my eyes . " she said .
She also screamed for her mother only to learn more terrible news -- her mother was dead .
Her brother said she fell to the ground after seeing her daughter 's mutilated face .
As we look at the only photo that Fazeelat has with her mother , she says she wishes she had died .
Police so far have arrested three of her five assailants .
Two have already been tried and convicted .
Their sentence : to be subjected to the same mutilation as Fazeelat .
They are also to serve life in prison and pay a fine equivalent to $ 8,300 .
This unusual sentence is in accordance with the Pakistani Penal Code , a blend of British and Islamic laws .
Connect the World : Does revenge punishment work ?
Prosecutor Chaudhry Jahangir explained that the mutilation sentence needs to be confirmed by the High Court .
" I have no doubt in my mind .
I think they are guilty , " he said .
" They committed the offense and they are rightly punished . "
Villagers and local leaders tell us they also support the court 's decision -- they believe it will act as a deterrent .
" I have four daughters , " one mans said .
" They need to be protected . "
Rauf Ahmed , a local elected official jumped into the conversation .
" Let me explain something to you .
In our society women are weak , we all agree on that .
So it 's up to the government to make sure that women are able to get justice and revenge .
" We want this type of a strict punishment , so that it will be a lesson to other potential offenders so they wo n't dare to do such a thing in the future . "
Fazeelat says her future is ruined .
Her dream of a nice house and a family in ruins .
" I just want to see the same that happened to me happen to the accused .
We are still afraid .
They committed something so brutal with me , they could do anything , " she said .
Two of her attackers are still at large .
And she says her family is afraid of even worse retribution .
Fazeelat took us along on her first visit back to the scene of the attack .
" I want you to see just how ruthless and merciless they were with me , " she tells us on the way .
She points out the attacker 's house .
It 's right across the street .
Villagers we pass by simply stare .
We arrive at the scene in minutes .
" I wanted to bring you here because I want you to see just how merciless and ruthless of an act was committed against me , " she said .
She gets animated , gesturing across the field , pointing to the wall that she says the attackers smashed her head against before they mutilated her .
Suddenly she stops .
" My body is shivering , " she says .
" I am so afraid . "
The vivid memory is too much for her to bear , and she faints .
Her sister hugs her close while her brother expertly unclenches her locked jaw .
He has done this many times before .
Fazeelat gasps for breath .
9 SHARES Share Tweet
Have you ever seen a professional baseball player before a big world series game ?
There is an intensity in the air ; the crowd is roaring , fans are begging for autographs , reporters are bombarding with questions , yet the player is calm and focused .
When the pitcher first steps onto the mound , he shows no signs of being nervous – he is in the zone – there is just pure , collected attention on the task at hand and what needs to be done .
This marks the character of a disciplined and skilled individual .
An individual with flow .
Imagine a situation where this state would be beneficial to you .
A state where you are completely absorbed in what you are doing , and there is no outside concern .
Maybe this would help you during a job interview , a hard day at work , or a public speech ?
What about a first date , a night of socializing , or an afternoon jamming on your guitar ?
Positive psychologists have developed a concept to describe this state of engagement , called flow , “ a mental state of operation in which the person is fully immersed in what he or she is doing by a feeling of energized focus , full involvement , and success in the process of the activity . ”
I like to describe this state as where consciousness and action collide .
When someone is in flow , they do n’t have the mental resources to feel anxious , or stressed , or to think “ What if I mess this up ? ”
They are too busy focusing all their energy in what they are doing to have such trivial concerns .
There is no physical capacity to even think twice about an action .
It is almost as if you are in a complete state of spontaneity and action , but it is a disciplined and it can only be developed with practice .
How To Maintain Flow Throughout Your Day
Trying to integrate flow into our life can be difficult , but the rewards it brings make our efforts worth it .
When in flow , we are more mindful and skillful , because we are more aware of what we are doing in the moment .
By being more aware we can more effectively monitor our actions , we can gather more information about our surroundings , and thereby change and improve our actions to better serve our goals .
1 . Make beneficial actions second nature
If you know something works in your favor , then you should continue to take advantage of it .
If you see the benefits in going to the gym , practicing guitar , or writing in your journal – then make those things become a part of you .
Treat them as though they were second nature , like a reflex – something that you do n’t even have to think about anymore , because it is so common to you , like chewing food or walking down the street .
By doing something over and over again , you build those habits into your neurology , and they become automatic .
2 . Love the things you do
A good way to build a habit is to learn to love doing it .
Make it a source of pleasure .
Just like many enjoy the ecstasy from sex or drugs , we can learn to elicit similar pleasure from doing other activities .
Just imagine how good it feels when you are being productive and organized , not missing a step in your busy work schedule , or receiving an A on your final exam .
When you can more easily identify the pleasure that comes from an action , you can learn to love doing it , and that can be a great motivator .
3 . Find the rhythm
All states of flow have a certain rhythm to them .
Although the flow may vary depending on the activity , they all share in common this moment - by - moment dance that you become sucked into .
If you can synchronize yourself to a certain pattern of action , you will fall into flow .
4 . Do n’t ignore the bumps in the road
Perfection is just an ideal that exists in our minds , but nothing is perfect .
One common mistake is to look past our missteps instead of learning from them .
When there is pain or hurt in our life , we may have an avoidance response , when in fact what we should be doing is raising consciousness , not lowering it .
By being more mindful of our mistakes when they occur , we can learn and improve upon them , not ignore them and keep letting them re-occur .
This is a crucial step if we want to keep integrating positive flow into our lifestyle , because there are certainly cases like in drug addiction where people get caught in negative states of flow , despite the suffering it causes .
Flow needs to be monitored and built - upon as we gain more experience .
5 . Always be ready for change
Flow does n’t necessarily mean we are always doing the same things over and over again .
It just means that when we are doing something – we are one with it – and therefore we are completely focused on what is happening in front of us .
Sometimes an unexpected event occurs , but this does n’t mean it has to knock us off our rhythm .
Certainly , unexpected things happen in sports games ; a pitcher may give up a home - run to the first batter , but it is up to him to retain his flow if he wants to stay in the game .
Flow is in fact one of the best states of mind to deal with uncertainties , because we are more aware and centered when they occur .
6 . Forget about the things that do n’t count
Although I recommend being aware of our mistakes , there are some things that are n’t worth paying attention to ( such as a cruel comment from the boss or a coffee stain on our new tie ) .
Sometimes little stuff like this can ruin our day , but it would be silly to let something so insignificant screw up a whole day ’s flow .
It is better that we practice forgetting about these things we can’t change , instead of wasting energy being upset or frustrated .
Sometimes it can be difficult not to sweat the small things , but a little humor or saying to yourself , “ Who cares ? ” can often be enough to diffuse the bomb before it is blown out of proportion .
Final words on practice .
Flow is not something that is cultivated overnight .
It is a constant work - in - progress , and it requires a conscious effort to build it .
What I have mentioned above is merely a rough guideline on the characteristics of flow and the general attitude you want to take , but truthfully this is a process of self - discovery .
Individuals can vary on how they enter flow , and what flavor of flow best suits their goals .
A good starting point is to identify an action you want to build flow towards , and then make a committed effort to practice it .
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement :
The new , high - octane iPhone 3GS is loaded with features that could light up your life -- but its battery is n’t one of them .
Buyers are finding that the device , introduced two weeks ago , has trouble making it through a workday without a rest stop at the electrical outlet .
It ’s proving to be something of an Achilles ’ heel on Apple Inc. 's flagship device , more than 1 million of which were sold in the first weekend .
Even the company suggests on its website that users disable some of the phone ’s most vaunted features , including the faster 3G network itself , to keep it from shutting down during the day .
Industry officials and outside experts sketched a complex picture of the technical and bureaucratic limits that might explain why , after two years and three generations of the device , the newest iPhone has less stamina than the first .
“ There ’s trouble in the battery field in that there ’s only so much energy you can squeeze in a certain space , ” said Allen Nogee , a wireless technology analyst at research firm In - Stat .
Try to pack in too much juice , he said , and the battery could overheat or even melt .
“ There ’s not really a solution in sight , ” he said .
Repair company IFixit.com , which specializes in Apple products , and other online gadget surgeons dismantled the 3GS on the day it was released and found that the phone ’s battery was about 15 % smaller than the one in the original iPhone .
The new model is smaller and sleeker , however , and Apple may have sacrificed some battery capacity in favor of a lighter phone , analysts said .
The phone ’s battery performance has disappointed customers , many of whom waited in lines for hours to buy the latest device .
But the battery life is only marginally better than the handset it replaced , and lags well behind the original .
Buyers such as Gary Ng , 27 , are wondering where their money is going .
“ If people are committing $ 1,000 a year for two years to use a 3GS , I would definitely expect my battery to last a lot longer , ” said Ng , a loyal Apple fan who runs an iPhone blog from his home in Vancouver , Canada .
A cellphone ’s battery life varies depending on how people use their phones .
Power drainers include the number and length of calls , the volume of e-mails and text messages and the amount of Internet surfing .
So average battery time is difficult to determine , but few see much improvement in the latest iPhone ’s longevity .
If used only to make calls , the latest iPhone lasts only an hour less than the first model , according to Consumer Reports magazine .
The latest model tips in at just over seven hours .
But people are n’t buying iPhones just to talk .
The magazine ’s measure does n’t include any of the networking functions that can drain the battery most quickly , said Consumer Reports ’ electronics editor Paul Reynolds .
And the iPhone has more functions and programs than any other handset .
Other so - called smart phones , such as Palm Inc. 's new Pre , face similar battery problems as the appetite for power grows increasingly ravenous .
The Pre typically offers about five hours of talk time on a charge , but , unlike the iPhone , its battery can be swapped out easily for a spare , Reynolds said .
“ Battery consumption is highly dependent on what applications are used and therefore varies considerably , ” Apple spokeswoman Natalie Harrison said in an e-mail .
Despite its distinctive name , the iPhone is less a telephone than a high - performance pocket computer with telephony among its many functions .
Besides using its built - in video recorder , global positioning system and e-mail capability , customers can now download more than 50,000 “ apps ” -- iPhone programs developed by third parties .
Many of those applications , such as video games , make heavy use of the device ’s computer processor and its touch - sensitive screen .
“ The screen is actually the biggest battery suck in the device , ” said wireless analyst Charles Golvin of Forrester Research Inc .
“ The fact that people are using their 3G iPhones to do a lot more stuff . . . means that the screen is on more . ”
But what goes on inside the phone is only part of the picture .
Cellphones are constantly communicating with signal towers , sending their whereabouts , and sending and receiving data for such power - hungry functions as so - called push e-mail , which instantly conveys messages to recipients .
The iPhone 3G and 3GS are so named because they work with the higher - speed 3G -- or third - generation -- mobile networks .
The faster networks allow for more data throughput , and moving more data faster means using more power .
“ There ’s always a race , ” said Jean - Louis Hurel , director for the wireless networks division of manufacturer Alcatel - Lucent .
“ The battery technologies are improving , but not fast enough ” for more intensive use of 3G networks .
Power also depends largely on the number and location of cellular towers .
It takes a louder yell to get the attention of a neighbor across the street than it does the person living next door .
Phones and cell towers work on a similar principle .
“ If you ’ve got towers farther away , your phone works harder , your battery dies faster and you still do n’t get the performance , ” said Richard Doherty , research director at Envisioneering Group , a consulting firm .
Doherty said those towers are farther away than they should be because iPhone ’s exclusive U.S. carrier , AT&T Inc. , has been slow to deploy the more expensive 3G towers .
“ This is the path AT&T chose , ” he said .
“ It ’s not Apple ’s fault . ”
Deborah Rapoport , a spokeswoman for AT&T , acknowledged that the distance to towers was one factor among many that affect iPhone battery life , but said that AT&T ’s 3G coverage was “ ample and sufficient . ”
Still , expansion of its 3G network was “ definitely a focus ” for the company , she said .
AT&T in May promised to build 2,100 new cell sites across the country and to double its 3G wireless spectrum in most metropolitan areas .
Rapoport said most of the new sites would be 3G , but she would not provide details , saying the information was proprietary .
The number of towers is a significant factor in power performance , said Chris Guttman - McCabe , vice president of regulatory affairs for CTIA , the wireless industry ’s trade group .
The industry wants to build thousands of new towers around the country , he said .
“ The better you can site [ that is , boost coverage ] , the better reliability you can provide , the better upload and download speeds you provide , the less of a battery drain it will be , ” he said .
Before a new tower can be erected , municipalities must approve the site -- an often lengthy procedure .
A CTIA study last year found there were more than 3,000 pending applications for new cell towers , 760 of which were more than a year old .
david.sarno@latimes.com
The Fed , under Mr. Geithner ’s direction , caved in to A.I.G. ’s counterparties , giving them 100 cents on the dollar for positions that would have been worth far less if A.I.G. had defaulted .
Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch , Société Générale and other banks were in the group that got full value for their contracts when many others were accepting fire - sale prices .
On the question of whether this payout was what the report describes as a “ backdoor bailout ” of A.I.G. ’s counterparties , Mr. Barofsky concluded : “ The very design of the federal assistance to A.I.G. was that tens of billions of dollars of government money was funneled inexorably and directly to A.I.G. ’s counterparties . ”
The report noted that this was money the banks might not otherwise have received had A.I.G. gone belly - up .
The report zaps
Fed claims that identifying banks that benefited from taxpayer largess would have dire consequences .
Fed officials had refused to disclose the identities of the counterparties or details of the payments , warning “ that disclosure of the names would undermine A.I.G. ’s stability , the privacy and business interests of the counterparties , and the stability of the markets , ” the report said .
When the parties were named , “ the sky did not fall , ” the report said .
Finally , Mr. Barofsky pokes holes in arguments made repeatedly over the past 14 months by Goldman Sachs , A.I.G. ’s largest trading partner and recipient of $ 12.9 billion in taxpayer money in the bailout , that it had faced no material risk in an A.I.G. default — that , in effect , had A.I.G. cratered , Goldman would n’t have suffered damage .
In short , there ’s an awful lot jammed into this 36 - page report .
Even before publishing this analysis , Mr. Barofsky had made a name for himself as one of the few truth tellers in Washington .
While others estimate how much the taxpayer will make on various bailout programs , Mr. Barofsky has said that returns are extremely unlikely .
His office has also opened 65 cases to investigate potential fraud in various bailout programs .
“ When I first took office , I ca n’t tell you how many times I ’d be having a sit - down and warning about potential fraud in the program and I would hear a response basically saying , ‘ Oh , they ’re bankers , and they would n’t put their reputations at risk by committing fraud , ’ ” Mr. Barofsky told Bloomberg News a little over a week ago , adding : “ I think we ’ve done a good job of instilling a greater degree of skepticism that what comes from Wall Street is n’t necessarily the holy grail . ”
Mr. Barofsky says the Fed failed to strong - arm the banks when it was negotiating payouts on the A.I.G. contracts .
Rather than forcing the banks to accept a steep discount , or “ haircut , ” the Fed gave the banks $ 27 billion in taxpayer cash and allowed them to keep an additional $ 35 billion in collateral already posted by A.I.G .
That amounted to about $ 62 billion for the contracts , which the report describes as “ far above their market value at the time . ”
Mr. Geithner , who oversaw those negotiations , said in an interview on Friday that the terms of the A.I.G. deal were the best he could get for taxpayers .
He considered bailing out A.I.G. to be “ offensive , ’ he said , but deemed it necessary because a collapse would have undermined the financial system .
“ We prevented A.I.G. from defaulting because our judgment was that the damage caused by failure would have been much more costly for the economy and the taxpayer , ” Mr. Geithner said .
“ To most Americans , this looked like a deeply unfair outcome and they find it hard to see any direct benefit .
But in fact , their savings are more valuable and secure today . ”
The report said that while bailing out Goldman and other investment banks might not have been the intent behind the Fed ’s A.I.G. rescue , it certainly was its effect .
“ By providing A.I.G. with the capital to make these payments , Federal Reserve officials provided A.I.G.’s counterparties with tens of billions of dollars they likely would have not otherwise received had A.I.G. gone into bankruptcy , ” the report stated .
As Goldman prepares to pay out nearly $ 17 billion in bonuses to its employees in one of its most profitable years ever , it is important that an authoritative , independent voice like Mr. Barofsky ’s reminds us how the taxpayer bailout of A.I.G. benefited Goldman .
A Goldman spokesman , Lucas van Praag , said that Goldman believed “ that a collapse of A.I.G. would have had a very disruptive effect on the financial system and that everyone benefited from the rescue of A.I.G. ”
Regarding his firm ’s own dealings with A.I.G. , Mr. van Praag said that Goldman believed that its “ exposure was close to zero ” because it insulated itself from a downturn in A.I.G. ’s fortunes through hedges and collateral it had already received .
( Goldman ’s complete response is here . )
The inspector noted in his report that Goldman made several arguments for why it believed it was not materially at risk in an A.I.G. default , but he is skeptical of the firm ’s reasoning .
So is Janet Tavakoli , an expert in derivatives at Tavakoli Structured Finance , a consulting firm .
“ On Sept. 16 , 2008 , David Viniar , Goldman ’s chief financial officer , said that whatever the outcome at A.I.G. , the direct impact of Goldman ’s credit exposure would be immaterial , ” she said .
“ That was false .
The report states that if the New York Fed had negotiated concessions , Goldman would have suffered a loss . ”
The report says that Goldman would have had difficulty collecting on the hedges it used to insulate itself from an A.I.G. default because everyone ’s wallets would have been closing in a panic .
“ The prices of the collateralized debt obligations against which Goldman bought protection from A.I.G. were in sickening free fall , and the cost of replacing A.I.G. ’s protection would have been sky - high , ” she said .
“ Goldman must have known this , because it underwrote some of those value - destroying C.D.O.’s. ”
Ms. Tavakoli argues that Goldman should refund the money it received in the bailout and take back the toxic C.D.O. ’s now residing on the Fed ’s books — and to do so before it begins showering bonuses on its taxpayer - protected employees .
“ A.I.G. , a sophisticated investor , foolishly took this risk , ” she said .
“ But the U.S. taxpayer never agreed to be a victim of investments that should undergo a rigorous audit . ”
Perhaps Mr. Barofsky will do that audit , and closely examine the securities that A.I.G. insured and that Wall Street titans like Goldman underwrote .
Goldman contends that it had a contractual right to the funds it received in the A.I.G. bailout and that the securities it returned to the government in the deal have increased in value .
For his part , Mr. Geithner disputed much of the inspector general ’s findings .
He also took issue with the conclusion that the Fed failed to develop a contingency plan for an A.I.G. rescue and largely depended on plans proffered by the banks themselves .
He said the report ’s view that the Fed did n’t use its might to get better terms in the rescue was unfair .
“ This idea that we were unwilling to use leverage to get better terms misses the central reality of the situation — the choice we had was to let A.I.G. default or to prevent default , ” he said .
“ We could not enforce haircuts without causing selective defaults and selective defaults would have brought down the company . ”
Mr. Geithner also said that the “ perception that this decision by the government , not my decision alone , was made to protect any individual investment bank is unfounded . ”
Less than two weeks after the A.I.G. bailout , Mr. Geithner took the firm ’s side when he criticized a Sept. 28 , 2008 , article in The New York Times that I wrote about the A.I.G. bailout .
That article included Goldman ’s statement that it would n’t have been affected by an A.I.G. collapse .
Among other things , the article , like Mr. Barofsky ’s report , questioned Goldman ’s assertion .
According to an e-mail message that Goldman sent to the New York Fed at the time , Mr. Geithner talked about the article with Mr. Viniar , Goldman ’s chief financial officer , before calling me .
When Mr. Geithner called , he said that Goldman had no exposure to an A.I.G. collapse and that the article had left an incorrect impression about that .
When I asked Mr. Geithner if he , as head of the regulatory agency overseeing Goldman , had closely examined the firm ’s hedges , he said he had not .
Mr. Geithner told me on Friday that he spoke with Mr. Viniar that day to ensure that Goldman ’s hedges were adequate .
And , notwithstanding the inspector general ’s findings , he said he still believes Goldman was hedged .
Probing , in - depth analyses of regulatory responses to the financial meltdown are worth their weight in gold .
Mr. Barofsky ’s certainly is .
Yet in its rush to put financial reforms into effect , Congress seems uninterested in investigating or grappling with truths contained in such reports — and until it does , our country ’s economic and financial system will continue to be at risk .
Canon Gideon Byamugisha .
Photograph : Christian Aid
If Uganda 's anti-homosexuality bill becomes law , it will be little short of state - sponsored " genocide " against the gay community , a prominent member of the Ugandan Anglican church said this week .
Canon Gideon Byamugisha said the bill , which recommends the death penalty for anyone repeatedly convicted of having gay sex and prison sentences for those who fail to report homosexual activity to the police , would breed violence and intolerance through all levels of society .
" I believe that this bill [ if passed into law ] will be state - legislated genocide against a specific community of Ugandans , however few they may be , " he said .
The bill , which will strengthen Uganda 's existing laws against homosexuality under its Penal Code Act , has been widely condemned by world leaders and human rights groups , who fear it will trigger a witchhunt against the gay community .
Activists have raised concerns that the bill will hinder the country 's fight against HIV / Aids among the gay community and legal experts have said it will undermine freedom of expression and association .
Yesterday , Uganda 's Daily Monitor news website reported that Sweden will cut aid to Uganda if the bill is passed .
Canada has also condemned the bill and the British prime minister , Gordon Brown , took the matter up directly with the Ugandan president , who has given tacit support for the bill , at the Commonwealth summit last weekend .
Britain is Uganda 's fourth largest donor .
But James Nsaba Buturo , the minister of state for ethics and integrity , told the Guardian last week , that the government was determined to pass the legislation , even if meant withdrawing from international treaties and conventions or losing donor funding .
Exploiting traditional views
Byamugisha said gay people were being used as " scapegoats " for Uganda 's social problems , such as the breakdown of the family unit and rising HIV infection rates , and politicians were using the bill to tap into the prevailing anti-gay mood in the country in the run up to the 2011 elections .
" They [ politicians ] are exploiting the traditional and cultural abhorrence to same - sex relationships to their advantage .
They know that if they criminalise homosexuals , homosexual tendencies and homosexual acts , they stand a better chance of winning votes from the majority of religious followers and leaders , because most of us may not be able to distinguish what may be considered ' unacceptable ' , from the point of view of religious and cultural belief and opinion , from what is ' criminal ' , from the point of state law that is meant to keep peace , order and justice , " he said .
" What makes this proposed law truly distasteful is the amount and level of violence that is being proposed against suspected , rumoured and known individuals who are gay , and their families and community leaders in their places of worship , residence , education , work , business and entertainment . "
He added : " When you say that parents of homosexual children , and that pastors and counsellors who extend spiritual guidance and psycho-social support to homosexuals , will be regarded as ' accomplices ' in promoting and abetting homosexuality if they do n't report them to police , then you take the law a bit too far . "
Byamugisha 's stance will put him at odds with many in Uganda .
But the minister has a track record of speaking against a prevailing mood .
In 1990 , after the death of his first wife , he discovered he was HIV - positive .
Two years later he became the first practising African priest to publicly declare his status , not an easy thing to do in a country that , for all its efforts to significantly lower infection rates , has not shaken the stigma associated with the disease .
Since revealing his status , Byamugisha , who is a Christian Aid goodwill ambassador on HIV / Aids , has campaigned for the rights of people living with the disease .
In 2003 he established the Friends of Canon Gideon Foundation to end the stigma of diagnosis , encourage safe sexual practices , improve access to treatment and support orphans or vulnerable children who have lost parents .
This year he was awarded the Niwano Peace Prize for his work .
Taking a gamble
But while Byamugisha took a risk over his HIV status , speaking out against the bill could prove a bigger gamble .
The church in Uganda , as in other African states , takes a clear view that homosexuality is a sin and is something that can be cured .
Some will no doubt see the bill as a way of curbing an " evil " practice .
But the minister hopes the ferocity of the bill will deter religious leaders from throwing their weight behind it .
" I sincerely hope that my fellow religious leaders will comprehend my stand against the level of violence proposed in the bill , " he said .
" I hope that they will not translate my hesitation to support the bill as a moral surrender to behaviours and practices that we regard as ' unacceptable ' and ' sinful ' in our ethics and morality frameworks .
I hope that they will translate my hesitation as shying away from endorsing a bill that will institutionalise violence and death to a minority group simply because the majority do not like them . "
Regardless of opinion from faith leaders , though , Byamugisha believes he has an obligation to speak out .
" I realise that if I am happy to speak out against discrimination and stigma in relation to HIV , then I should also be happy to speak out against paralysing homophobia , sexism , tribalism , Puritanism , fundamentalism and against anything else that reduces and diminishes our love , care and support for each other as we travel the road of faith and belief . "
McARTHUR , Calif . ( AP )  Authorities say two brothers drowned after falling into icy waters while attempting to rescue a dog that fell into a Northern California lake .
The coroner 's office identified the men Monday as 38 - year - old Noel Smith of Burney and 32 - year - old Nathan Smith of Citrus Heights .
Authorities say the men ended up in the water Saturday evening after their dog fell through the ice at Big Lake in Shasta County .
One of the men was submerged for about 20 minutes and the other for about 50 minutes .
Rescuers pulled them out but were unable to revive them .
A third man in their group also went into the water , but managed to swim back to shore .
He 's being treated for severe hypothermia .
The dog survived , the Record Searchlight reports .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Mr Haskell claims that the second man told the ticket agent Abdulmutallab was from Sudan and did not have a passport .
The ticket agent then referred the men to her manager down the hall , and Mr Haskell did not see the suspect against until after the failed bombing attempt .
By ReclaimDemocracy.org staff and volunteers
On April 20 , 2010 , the ACLU announced asignificant shift in its absolutist “ money = speech ” stance when it comes to investing in political candidates and parties .
The ACLU board voted 36 - 30 to approve “ reasonable limits on campaign contributions to candidates ” and spending limits as a condition of voluntary public financing .
We applaud this step forward , but the board failed to address the glaring need to reform its advocacy for granting corporations the status of human beings and bestowing Bill of Rights protections upon them .
Over the past eight years we ’ve collected 4000 endorsements and have been copied on more than 100 letters by individuals to the ACLU on this topic , but it was n’t until early 2010 that the media ( Alternet and NY Sun ) started reporting on the internal debate we ’ve been working to provoke for so long .
In the wake of the Citizens United v FEC decision , we updated a letter we first wrote and submitted to the ACLU during the 2003 Nike v Kasky Supreme Court battle , when the ACLU supported Nike Inc. ’s arguments for a corporate right to lie .
Unfortunately , nothing has changed on this front .
The ACLU submitted a brief to the Supreme Court in Citizens United , arguing to overturn decades - old precedent limiting the power of corporations to spend company funds in efforts to elect or defeat specific candidates .
Dear ACLU Board of Directors ,
For 90 years the work done by the American Civil Liberties Union has been of immeasurable value in protecting and extending freedom and democracy .
Perhaps your greatest contribution has been in advocacy of First Amendment rights .
Few people realize the crucial role the ACLU has played in establishing the free speech protections many Americans mistakenly believe have existed since our nation ’s founding .
The ACLU ’s current position of advocating “ free speech rights ” for corporations is ironic , given your historic role .
Your position is undermining democracy rather than strengthening it .
We ask you , the leaders of the ACLU , to rethink your support of corporate “ free speech , ” as evidenced by the ACLU of Northern California ’s amicus brief in Citizens United v FEC .
We believe citizens will never realize the promise of democracy unless we can assert our right to control the activities of the enormous , unaccountable institutions we know as corporations .
These institutions have no voice , but they have become instruments by which the powerful few drown out the voices of many citizens .
In an amicus brief supporting corporate political speech in an earlier case ( Kasky v. Nike ) , the Northern California ACLU cites a Supreme Court precedent : “ The First Amendment presupposes that the freedom to speak one ’s mind is not only an aspect of individual liberty – and thus a good unto itself – but also is essential to the common quest for truth and the vitality of society as a whole . ”
Just whose “ mind ” is referenced in the case of a corporation ?
Given the counter - Constitutional history of corporate personification , it ’s easy to forget the commercial corporation has no voice and has but one purpose–to maximize profits .
By necessity all corporate communication is commercial .
Corporate executives are under a legal obligation to adhere to that purpose regardless of their personal inclinations to act for the greater good .
The ACLU has claimed supporting corporate “ free speech ” is merely acting in support of democratic principles : “ If the American people are to be the masters of their fate and of their elected government , they must be well - informed and have access to all information , ideas and points of view . ”
The Supreme Court used similar language in 1978 ( First National Bank of Boston v. Bellotti ) to assert broadly construed corporate speech rights .
But even then the Court noted , “ corporations are wealthy and powerful and their views may drown out other points of view , ” and if it could be established “ that corporate advocacy threatened imminently to undermine democratic processes , thereby denigrating rather than serving First Amendment interests , these arguments would merit our consideration . ”
Can any reasonable person deny that runaway corporate power now is undermining democracy ?
As justices White , Brennan and Marshall pointed out in their dissent to Bellotti , the threat to First Amendment interests already was clear : “ the special status of corporations has placed them in a position to control vast amounts of economic power which may , if not regulated , dominate not only the economy but also the very heart of our democracy , the electoral process . ”
They recognized restricting corporate communication was necessary because “ The State need not permit its own creation to consume it . ”
Perhaps corporate power over the democratic process was not so obvious to some observers 30 years ago , but today it is unmistakable .
By 1990 even the majority of the Supreme Court conceded , in Austin v. Michigan Chamber of Commerce ( overruled in Citizens United v FEC ) , “ the corrosive and distorting effects of immense aggregations of wealth that are accumulated with the help of the corporate form and that have little or no correlation to the public ’s support for the corporation ’s political ideas . ”
Today corporations have their lawyers in Congressional committee rooms drafting legislation .
The problem goes much deeper than political corruption .
In asserting corporate “ rights , ” the ACLU is not really shielding private parties from government repression .
The large corporation is itself a governing institution .
As John Kenneth Gailbraith observed , the tradition of private enterprise serves “ to disguise the essentially public character of the great corporation , including its private exercise of what is in fact a public power . ”
If we allow a limited number of corporations to control the bulk of public communication , the forum for political debate will be one in which the publishers and those who can afford to advertise can choose to amplify ideas they find amenable ( and then shepherd them into law via the conversion of money into political power ) .
But when it comes to ideas threatening corporate power , corporations simply will ( and already do ) exercise their First Amendment “ right ” not to speak .
The ACLU has claimed denying speech “ rights ” to business corporations would also threaten the rights of the ACLU , other public interest groups and media entities .
Yet the Supreme Court has been able to distinguish between general business corporations , non-profit advocacy groups and media companies .
The Court stated explicitly in its rulings , including FEC v. Massachusetts Citizens for Life , that it can do so .
Indeed it has declared such distinctions necessary to the basic functioning of democracy .
In FEC v. MCFL the Court laid out the reason for protecting the speech of advocacy groups above that of business entities : “ MCFL was formed to disseminate political ideas , not to amass capital . ”
Unfortunately , the Court has not seen fit to follow through with its reasoning and reverse its decision in Bellotti .
To be consistent with its founding purpose of ensuring individual rights and liberties , the ACLU should be working to secure such a reversal rather than helping corporations encroach still further on the democratic process .
We understand your reservations about the ACLU supporting any legislative limits on the First Amendment .
Therefore , we invite you to join our call to amend the Constitution to clarify that the Bill of Rights is intended to apply to living beings , not their artificial creations .
Sincerely ,
More than 4000 individuals and 90 organizations endorsing as of December , 2009
And consider writing a brief personal note of your own .
Because a mailed letter will carry more weight than email , we ’re offering an incentive : we ’ll send a free bumper sticker of your choice on request .
When you mail your note , just send a copy to info@ [ our domain ] and indicate which sticker you ’d like us to send .
Write to :
ACLU Board of Directors
125 Broad St. , 18th Floor
New York , NY 10004
Also , please visit MoveToAmend.org and add your voice to the tens of thousands of citizens calling for an Amendment to overrule the Court ’s outrageous ruling in Citizens United v FEC .
See more background and statements from the ACLU on this issue .
More on Corporate Personhood
( NaturalNews ) Widespread antibiotic use in animal agriculture is drawing increasing fire as a primary cause of the growing prevalence of drug - resistant and ever more lethal superbugs .
" There is clear evidence of the human health consequences [ from agricultural use of antibiotics , including ] infections that would not have otherwise occurred , increased frequency of treatment failures ( in some cases death ) and increased severity of infections , " the World Health Organization wrote in 2003 .
Seventy percent of all antibiotics used in the United States are used promote growth or prevent infection in healthy farm animals -- in other words , animals that are not showing any signs of disease .
"
The heavy reliance on routine antibiotic use is a byproduct of the way we raise animals for food : packed into dim and dirty enclosures where they live amid their own filth , eat food that they have n't evolved to digest , and are pretty much stacked atop one another , " writes columnist Ezra Klein in the The food industry claims that such antibiotic use is necessary to keep food prices low for consumers .
" That really is a strange defense , " said U.S. Rep. Louise Slaughter .
" We keep animals in such deplorable conditions that they 'll become sick as a dog if we do n't dose them ?
"
The industry 's argument is weak on financial grounds as well , Klein says .
According to a study conducted by researchers at Tufts University , antibiotic resistant infections cost the U.S. health - care system $ 50 billion per year .
In contrast , the National Academy of Sciences concluded that ending non-therapeutic antibiotic use in farm animals would raise the cost of meat consumption by $ 5 to $ 10 per person per year .
" I 'd pay that for a lower risk of super - staphylococcus , " Klein writes .
Slaughter has introduced a bill , H.R. 1549 , that would ban non-medical use of the most effective human antibiotics " The bill preserves the seven most effective classes of antibiotics for human use only , " she said .
" They can be used to treat sick animals , but they can't be used to simply raise animals .
" Sources for this story include : www.washingtonpost.com
As a chemist by training , I ’ve always been loath to give credence to unfounded criticism of synthetic chemicals that might stoke up chemophobia .
Indeed , on several occasions I have written about how our bodies have evolved to cope with all kinds of chemicals regardless of whether they are synthetic or “ natural ” .
I ’ve never been a shill for the chemical industry , although I have been accused of it .
But , there is so much misguided nonsense about the supposed absolute risks of synthetic chemicals that someone has to provide a little balance .
On at least one occasion , however , I ’ve been thwarted in my efforts to provide just such a balanced point of view the issues surrounding chemical safety .
Once it was a blinkered features editor on a well - known popular science magazine who simply refused to see past the word “ manmade ” and had already decided that if the product being discussed was n’t derived from an extract of hemp or some other natural material and squeezed out by native bushpeople or some such nonsense then it did n’t deserve a mention in the hallowed pages of the magazine .
As a science , chemistry is more than wonderful , it not only sates the inquisitive and repeatedly throws up new puzzles , it also provides us with the materials with which we have built the modern world .
As with any human endeavour there is , of course , a price to pay .
Many of the essential ingredients of the industrial processes on which our standard of living depends are toxic .
There is no way to avoid that issue .
Volatile organic compounds are a case in point and several of the most toxic are now banned substances on health and environmental grounds .
Toxicity , however , is about exposure and dose , not about blanket bans .
That said , it is sometimes necessary to take a more holistic view of the potential impact of the chemical cocktails with which we surround ourselves in the workplace and in the home .
Multiple - chemical sensitivity was a buzz - phrase back in the early 1990s and filled many a column inch in trade magazines such as Chemical & Engineering News ( C&EN ) and the now - defunct Chemistry in Britain .
I ’ve still got the pre-PDF “ cuttings ” mouldering away in a filing cabinet somewhere .
But , this syndrome does n’t seem to feature much in the trade or any other media these days , I suspect its clinical significance like so many other nebulous disorders simply did n’t stand up to close scrutiny .
There are many people who will likely disagree , and certainly medicine is far from perfect , but the assumption intrinsic in MCS is that synthetic = bad , which really is n’t the case .
However , Dimosthenis Sarigiannis and colleagues at the European Commission – Joint Research Centre , at the Institute for Health and Consumer Protection , in Ispra , Italy , seem keen to resurrect the notion that mixtures of chemicals are somehow more worrying than a single chemical acting alone .
Writing in the International Journal of Risk Assessment and Management , they assert how current risk assessments address compounds individually whereas real - life human exposure is to mixtures of chemicals present in the environment , the workplace , or consumer products .
They suggest that a more connected approach to chemical risk assessment is needed .
Such an approach would combine information from environmental fate analysis , epidemiological data and toxicokinetic models to help us estimate internal exposure .
This information might also be coupled to gene expression profiles to provide a signature of exposure to whole classes of toxic compounds so that we might derive a biologically based dose - response estimate .
Such an approach will take into account the non-linear relationship between risk and exposure to mixtures of toxic compounds , the team explains .
The team concedes that any such model of risk - exposure will need a large data set to ensure that its predictions are statistically robust .
And , I agree that we need to overhaul risk assessment in light of better understanding of how chemical mixtures affect gene expression , metabolism , and other biological processes .
They also explain that a linear , additive approach to mixture toxicology is entirely outmoded given the latest evidence on non-additive effects .
Again , I agree .
This is not chemophobia this is rational assessment .
Sarigiannis , D. , Gotti , A. , Reale , G. , & Marafante , E. ( 2009 ) .
Reflections on new directions for risk assessment of environmental chemical mixtures International Journal of Risk Assessment and Management , 13 ( 3/4 ) DOI : 10.1504/ IJRAM.2009.030697
High quality memory foam beds such as the Tempur line are incredibly comfortable , with a price tag of thousands of dollars to match .
The construction of these beds is relatively simple however , evidenced by the number of “ clone ” beds on the market today .
Unfortunately , some of these mass - produced “ clones ” have cut corners in quality , which can make selection challenging .
This page will tell you the typical components of memory foam beds , with instructions on how you can mimic each of these components with high quality substitutes .
The cost savings can be significant .
For instance , I currently sleep on a queen size memory foam bed constructed in this manner .
It cost me approximately $ 500 , versus a memory foam mattress with comparable specifications which would have put me back over $ 1500 .
It ’s a lot easier than you might think – you need three layers .
The major issue is quality control and determining the appropriate products which are the best value for each layer .
Milano , Berlusconi ferito da un oggetto lanciato ad personam .
( o anche : psicopatico colpisce a morte le speranze del centrosinistra )
Berlusconi colpito al volto da un souvenir del Duomo .
Subito annullato il comizio di Matera .
La prognosi di Berlusconi è di venti giorni .
Quella dell ’ Italia un’altra legislatura .
( Venti giorni ?
Agli italiani basterà molto meno per dimenticarsi di Spatuzza )
Il premier dovrà sottoporsi a un intervento per rimuovere dal volto la scritta “ onaliM id odrociR ” .
In un certo senso , Berlusconi ha accontentato quanti gli chiedevano un faccia a faccia con la Chiesa .
L’aggressore è incensurato .
Subito esclusa la pista che porta all ’Udc .
( L’uomo è risultato essere uno psicolabile .
Votava Pd )
“ Non sono nessuno ” , ha dichiarato Tartaglia quando è stato preso , cercando di farsi passare per Rutelli .
Il padre : “ Votiamo Pd , ma in casa nessuno odia Berlusconi ” .
Anche se usare due volte la stessa giustificazione suona sospetto .
Tartaglia non risulta iscritto ad alcun partito , ma rifiuta di mostrare i calzini .
L’Economist : “ Berlusconi inadatto a sanguinare ” .
È polemica sui social network : nessuno aveva notato il crescente numero di iscritti al gruppo Facebook “ Feriamo lievemente al labbro Berlusconi ” .
Su Facebook già nati numerosi gruppi che simpatizzano per lo squilibrato .
Fra i più quotati “ Rimettiti presto Silvio ” .
Ora si temono gesti di emulazione .
E se qualcuno assalisse Napolitano con un grissino ?
Minacciati anche altri esponenti della maggioranza : recapitata a Brunetta una busta contenente una gondola .
Immediata la risposta del Pdl : Gasparri lancia una statuetta di Silvio contro il Duomo .
“ Ora va eliminata l’opposizione ” dice Ali Khamenei dall ’ Iran .
Centrodestra compatto : “ È una conseguenza del clima di odio ” .
Finalmente un po’ di autocritica .
Per non alimentare il clima di violenza , da oggi Berlusconi avrà sempre ragione .
Commenti
Do you ever have really , really weird dreams ?
I do , and I do n’t need professional help to figure out the source – usually that salami sandwich or entire cheesecake I ate right before I went to bed .
Recurring dreams , on the other hand , demand more of my attention – often because they are scary .
In fact , most of the recurring dreams on this list might be more accurately described as nightmares .
Perhaps this is because scary dreams are more memorable – a more effective way for your subconscious to get your attention .
Events and emotions in your waking life trigger your dreams .
If you repeatedly have the same dream , your subconscious is trying to send you a message .
Fortunately , there are a lot of online resources available to help you figure out what your dreams mean , including extremely detailed dream dictionaries .
There are also online communities that allow you to share your dreams in forums for interpretation and discussion .
You can even use the discussion boards to connect with people who have similar dreams and receive free advice from various experts , ranging from professional dream analysts to psychics .
Bad Dreams Are Good ?
According to a lot of the material out there , once you ’ve received the message your dream is sending , it goes away .
If you take the time to think about how it relates to your life and act on it , you can correct the problem and you ’ll never have the dream again .
Lucid dreaming is another remedy .
In this case , you realize you are dreaming and then take control of the action – changing the experience or the outcome .
If lucid dreaming does n’t work for you , you can also revisit your dream while you are awake , making appropriate edits during the process .
There are sites , books , and experts all over the place– you can even get your most bizarre dreams interpreted .
For example , did you know that a dream about a unicorn means that you are “ … ready to understand your animal nature and your spiritual essence ” ( petrix.com ) ?
Of course , if you are n’t a little girl sleeping in a princess bed and you are dreaming about unicorns , I might suggest that you might have deeper issues …
List Guidelines
The recurring dreams that made this list are ones that we seem to share in our collective consciousness – they are the ten most common recurring dreams I found during my research .
In my opinion , the meanings of the most common recurring dreams are pretty clear , as you will see below .
I have listed all of the online resources used for each dream if you are looking for more in - depth ( and expert ) information .
10 . Trapped
Have you ever had a dream that you are locked in a room , trapped in a mine , or buried alive in a box ?
If so , then there is some aspect of your waking life that makes you feel trapped or claustrophobic .
Did you make the wrong career choice ?
Is there a mountain of debt on top of you , stifling the lifestyle that you thought you would have ?
Dreamforth.com says that if you dream you are caged you “ may feel like you cannot change your situation and are feeling trapped by it ” .
Kind of like if you were locked in a cage in real life , so that make sense …
Dreamforth.com ’s interpretation also suggests that this type of dream indicates “ you may feel like you are not being allowed to live up to your full potential because somebody is holding you back ” .
9. Excuse Me , Where ’s the Restroom ?
I ’ll admit I have this dream a lot .
I search for a bathroom but when I get there the toilets are either broken or missing completely .
Sometimes I wait in line for a long time , but when it ’s my turn the stall doors are all gone or there are showers inside instead .
I know exactly what this dream means because when I wake up , I always have to go to the bathroom !
I ’m not sure why my brain goes to the great effort to incorporate bathroom breaks into my dream life when it could just wake me up and send me down the hall instead .
During my research I discovered other meaningful interpretations to this dream in addition to the most obvious one .
According to dreammoods.com , “ to dream that you are in a public restroom with no stalls , signifies your frustrations about getting enough privacy ” .
As a parent of a toddler , this definitely applies .
Not only do I never get to ‘ go ’ by myself in public washrooms any more – my daughter often provides a play - by - play commentary on my private activities to the rest of the lucky people in the room !
She also likes to unlock the stall door and swing it open …
I typed “ recurring dreams ca n’t find bathroom ” into the search engine at sleeps.com and found a thread with lots of people who have similar dreams .
So many that Charmin should figure out how to send out an army of their bears to distribute dream toilet paper – they could make a killing !
Anyways , according to one of the moderators at sleeps.com , a bathroom is a symbol for “ thinking too much to increase income and not spending money ” .
One of the members suggested that we “ encounter in this dream all those obstacles so [ we ] wo n’t pee in bed ” .
If you dream of other ‘ bathroom problems ’ ( perhaps related to your own plumbing ? ) consider consulting a professional .
That brings us to our next list item …
8. Wet Dreams ( Drowning , not the other thing . )
If you regularly dream that you are drowning , or that large waves wash over you , or floodwaters rise over you – I would suggest that you might be feeling a bit overwhelmed by something in your life .
Thecuriousdreamer.com agrees with me .
According to their dream dictionary , drowning indicates “ overwhelming circumstances in real life , feelings of helplessness or hopelessness , or something feeling out of control . ”
It also explains that “ one huge wave could represent … a challenge in your life ” and a flood might represent “ feeling like you are ‘ over your head ’ or things are out of control somehow in your life ” .
7. Flying in Your Dreams
I ’ve had some scary swaying - on - high - scaffolding dreams but my dreams about flying have all been very good in a weightless , superhero sort of way .
To me , dreams about flying express feelings about freedom ; I checked with the experts online and their interpretations matched mine .
Dreamsdictionary.org uses the following words to describe dreams about flying : “ freedom of expression ” , “ doing the impossible ” , and “ creativity ” .
But what if your superhero dreams go south ?
For advice when good flying dreams go bad , see # 2 on this list ( “ Falling ” ) .
6. Going Nowhere
Initially I thought that running in slow motion in a dream meant you felt “ stuck ” in a real - life situation and I had this dream lumped in with # 10 on this list ( “ Trapped ” ) .
A visit to dreamforth.com changed my mind , explaining that a “ dream that you are moving in slow motion indicates that you are currently facing hardships and obstacles ” .
Dreams of paralysis can also fit into this category .
One interpretation of paralysis is that you are “ feeling unable to make progress of your own accord in your life , or in a particular situation ” or you ’re “ feeling held back … perhaps even feeling self - sabotaged ” ( thecuriousdreamer.org ) .
If you dream that you are running in place , and you ’re not doing the running man on the set of a 1980 ’s rock video , then this same interpretation applies to you .
5. How ’s Your Dental Plan ?
Losing Teeth in Your Dreams ?
You feel something hard rolling around in your mouth and spit it out , only to discover it is one of your own teeth .
Or , you look in the mirror and your teeth are all missing .
Have you had this dream ?
This dream is apparently very common , so here it is at number 5 .
My interpretation of this dream would be that you are feeling that things are decaying or falling apart in your life .
I had no idea , so I looked it up at smartgirl.org and they said “ … in general , dreams about losing teeth are common and suggest the dreamer feels powerless or out of control in a real life situation . ”
This interpretation is very similar to the dream that you are falling ( see # 2 on this list ) , but the next two interpretations earn it a space on the list all on it ’s own .
The first additional interpretation is from dreamsdictionary.org : “ you are having difficulties related to self esteem and speaking your mind ” .
In my case , if I ever dreamed my teeth were falling out I would just assume that my body is telling me to cut back on the candy and baked goodies – so dreamsdictionary .org ’s second interpretation that “ it could be time to see a dentist ” is my favorite .
A bit more advice on this topic – if you look in the mirror while you ’re awake and your teeth suddenly disappear before your eyes – you are probably just on a bad acid trip .
Go find a friend and wait it out …
4. Public Exposure – Nudity in Dreams
If you have recurring dreams that you are naked in public , I would suggest that you are afraid you will be exposed .
Is there something you are hiding ?
The experts agree – apparently when you are naked in a dream you are revealing the real you ( unless you are Joan Rivers of course ) .
3. Lost and / or Unprepared in Your Dreams
In another amazing show of my talent for stating the obvious , I would say that if you are dreaming about being lost or unprepared , you probably feel unprepared or lost in your real life .
If you ca n’t get your locker open , ca n’t find your classroom or your house ; or , you ’re late for something ( a test , a train , a meeting ) then you find yourself in this category ( and in good company – this is a very common type of dream ) .
School , career , even a new home – these settings all represent change .
If you feel unprepared for changes coming to your waking life , then prepare yourself for dreams furnished with impenetrable school lockers , locked doors , and labyrinthine buildings .
Smartgirl.org agrees with me ( with a name like that , of course they would ) .
Their dream dictionary states , “ … to dream that you are late for something represents your fear of change and your anxiety about seizing an opportunity .
You may feel unready or unworthy in your current circumstances .
You may also be conflicted over decisions about your future …
Dreams about being at school often mean you are feeling insecure about your social status , your abilities or your performance in a situation . ”
Smartgirl.org also has this to add about dreams about locks and school , which I found very interesting : “ dreams about locks mean you are frustrated and need to express your feelings about a situation in real life ” and “ … a dream that takes place in school may also be a metaphor for the lessons you are learning in your life . ”
Dreamforth.com adds that “ dream[s ] of a school locker signify hidden feelings and thirst for knowledge ” .
2. Falling in Your Dreams
I think everyone has had this dream , which is why it ’s in this position on the list .
I really wanted to make the recurring toilet - related dreams # 2 , but could not justify it .
Falling is definitely a sign that you are out of control .
According to the curiousdreamer.com these dreams signify a loss of control as well as “ a sudden lack of foundation in your life , such as a situation where ‘ the rug is pulled out ’ from under you ” .
This makes sense to me , unlike their other interpretation that falling dreams represent “ … a feeling or fear of abandonment , especially feeling abandoned by a ‘ caretaker ’ such as a partner , employer , or by God . ”
1. Chased in Your Dreams
My superior interpretation skills tell me that if you dream you are being chased – you are probably trying to get away from something .
According to dream .net.au , “ you are running away from or trying to hide from something you need to face ” .
It could be “ a feeling you are avoiding , a conflict you do n’t want to handle or a difficult memory you would rather forget . ”
But wait , let ’s end this list on a positive note : the cloak on that shadowy figure chasing you may have a silver lining !
According to the same website , you might actually be running away from something good “ like a talent you are not acknowledging or a feeling of love you are not ready to admit ” ( dream.net.au ) .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
The next time you want someone special to bake you a Chewbacca birthday cake , you might want to be very specific about how you want your favorite Wookiee to look and taste !
Belajar Bermain Judi Poker Online Dengan Lengkap
Judi Poker online merupakan salah satu permainan judi online yang termasuk dalam permainan jenis casino online .
Yang merupakan salah satu permainan judi yang paling bisa memberikan anda banyak sekali keuntungan karena .
Pada permainan ini anda bisa memainkan permainan judi dengan memasangkan taruhan secara bebas .
Anda bisa memasangkan taruhan sampai pada semua uang modal yang anda miliki nantinya atau all in .
Namun jika memang anda tidak bisa memainkan permainan ini dengan baik dan benar anda bisa saja .
Malah mendapatkan kekalahan yang sangat banyak karena pada permainan ini anda akan melawan pemain lain .
Yang dimana mereka memiliki strategi atau cara bermain yang berbeda beda pada setiap orangnya .
Jadi sebaiknya anda mempelajari atau memahami taktik dan juga strategi dalam permainan judi poker ini .
Dengan banyak sekali supaya anda bisa menyesuaikan kondisi untuk menangani atau melawan taktik lawan anda .
Selain itu permainan judi poker ini sebenarnya sudah digemari oleh banyak sekali pemain baik dari .
Luar negara Indonesia maupun oleh pemain Indonesia sendiri , karena sistem yang sudah saya jelaskan tadi .
Bahkan sampai pada pemain judi profesionalpun memilih permainan ini karena bisa memberikan banyak keuntungan .
Baca juga : Mengenal dan memahami cara untuk daftar poker online
Cara Memasangkan Taruhan Pada Permainan Judi Poker Online
Selanjutnya saya juga akan menjelaskan kepada anda bagaimana cara supaya anda bisa memasangkan .
Taruhan pada permainan judi poker online ini dengan mudah dan benar nantinya , berikut ini adalah caranya .
Lakukanlah pendaftaran pada website judi online yang bisa menyediakan permainan judi poker online pada websitenya .
Selanjutnya lakukanlah login dan juga lakukan deposit awal pada website tersebut sehingga anda bisa .
Memulai permainan , kemudian cari permainan judi poker dan pilih meja berdasarkan minimal taruhan .
Setelah itu pada awal permainan tiap pemain akan dibagikan 2 buah kartu oleh bandar nantinya .
Selanjutnya setiap pemain akan diberikan pemilihan langkah yang dilakukan secara bergiliran pada putaran tersebut .
Untuk langkahnya itu ada check , call , bet atau fold , jika semua pemain sudah menentukan langkahnya .
Maka bandar akan membuka 3 buah kartu pada meja poker online tersebut dan setiap pemain akan kembali .
Untuk menentukan langkahnya yang akan dipilih sesuai dengan yang sudah saya jelaskan tadi .
Jika semua pemain sudah menentukan maka bandar akan membuka kartu keempat dan tiap pemain .
Kembali diminta untuk menentukan langkahnya lagi , yang masih mengikuti permainan atau belum fold .
Jika sudah maka bandar akan membuka kartu kelima dan akan terjadi putaran pemilihan langkah lagi .
Dan tiap pemain diminta untuk menentukan kembali langkah terakhirnya nanti , setelah itu .
Semua pemain yang masih mengikuti permainan akan membuka kartu dan dilihat siapakah pemenangnya .
Dengan cara melihat kombinasi kartu tertinggi didapatkan oleh siapa dan pemain tersebut akan memenangkan .
Permainan tersebut dan mendapatkan semua uang taruhan yang sudah dipasangkan pada putaran sebelumnya .
Selanjutnya saya akan mencoba menjelaskan kepada anda apa artinya langkah langkah yang bisa anda pilih .
Pilihan Langkah Yang Ada Pada Permainan Judi Poker
Seperti yang sudah saya jelaskan tadi pada tiap putaran pemain akan diminta untuk menentukan langkahnya .
Yaitu ada langkah check , call , bet dan juga fold yang dimana check artinya anda akan mengikuti permainan .
Tanpa adanya kenaikan uang taruhan yang terjadi pada putaran permainan tersebut baik dinaikkan oleh .
Pemain lain ataupun anda naikkan sendiri nantinya , selanjutnya juga ada pilihan call yang artinya .
Anda akan memilih langkah pada mengikuti permainan dengan adanya kenaikan yang dinaikkan oleh .
Pemain lain maupun yang sudah otomatis sebagai taruhan pertama nantinya , selain itu .
Pada saat sudah ada yang menaikkan uang taruhan anda bisa memilih bet lagi atau menaikkan uang .
Taruhan yang bebas anda pilih atau anda inginkan , jadi jika anda merasa uang taruhannya masih kurang .
Anda bisa memilih langkah ini namun dengan minimal 2 kali dari yang sudah dinaikkan oleh pemain lain .
Sampai anda bisa memasang taruhan pada all in atau semua uang modal yang anda miliki nantinya .
Selain itu untuk bet sendiri adalah anda akan menaikkan uang taruhan , jika belum ada kenaikan sama sekali .
Maka anda bisa memilih langkah ini untuk menaikkan uang taruhan pada putaran tersebut .
Selanjutnya ada pilihan fold yang artinya anda tidak akan mengikuti permainan , sampai pada permainan .
Baru dimulai lagi , anda bisa memilih langkah ini pada saat adanya kenaikan uang taruhan jadi jika tidak ada .
Anda sebaiknya mengikuti atau memilih check saja pada putaran tersebut .
Demikianlah penjelasan singkat dari kami online - poker - spielen situs judi poker online .
Semoga dengan penjelasan kami diatas dapat bermanfaat untuk anda yang masih belajar bermain judi poker online .
Last week me and some of my colleagues had the pleasure of being on the receiving end of an excellent training given by Jonas Bonér .
The topic was his new pet project : the Akka framework .
Perhaps you ’ve played around with Scala lately , and also have taken the first steps in using its Actor library .
Simply stated , an Actor is a unit of execution that ( usually asynchronously ) processes messages and encapsulate their state .
An actor does not expose its state , and messages are processed sequentially .
The Actor model has been around for quite some time , but today the best - known Actor implementation is Erlang .
The Actor model has been implemented in the standard Scala library by Philipp Haller ( for the interested reader , a solid reference is for instance this article explaining how actors in Scala work ) .
In most Actor examples written in Scala , it is not uncommon to find only EchoActors , PingPongActors , and FibonacciSolvingActors .
Nice examples , but perhaps you might wonder if they are of any use in enterprise Scala at all .
Next to this , if you ’re interested in concurrent , message passing processing models , STM ’s , NoSQL data stores , and occasionally wonder what the future in enterprise computing might bring , than Akka might be just the framework you ’re looking for .
This blog is intended to provide a brief introduction into one feature of this framework : Akka ’s supervisor Actors .
It is mostly based on the knowledge extracted from Jonas during the training , and I hope to whet your appetite for it .
First of all , Akka is likely to support what Ray Racine has coined to be a ‘ System of Service ’ .
I ’m quoting him here literally from the scala mailing list :
Its not too far of stretch to say commercial vendors , and most frameworks are very System Of Record oriented .
Need to build a new app to maintain X .
Install RDB , app server , select O/R mapping and GUI form framework , place warm bodies in front of drag and drop IDEs and go for it .
A System Of Service must service 1,000s of requests per second in millisecs , 24/7/365 with 99.99 % reliability e.g. a pricing service .
The business
logic has to run in microseconds .
Your favorite O/R mapping framework has n’t even initiated a JDBC call , heck has n’t even allocated a connection from the pool and its already exhausted its 1 ms in allotted time .
An item may undergo a few 10s of price changes a year on the System Of Record , yet that item ’s price may be served 100,000 times for each change on the System Of Service ’ .
In other words a System of Service is a system designed to have extreme throughput , and almost zero downtime .
It may not be your everyday CRUD application , but if you need to build them , it is nice to know of some framework that supports it .
In response to Ray Racine ’s post Jonas Bonér posted his vision for the Akka framework .
These posts provide plenty of highly interesting reading material , and can be found here .
Akka is therefore meant to be a kind of framework that supports a System Of Service application .
It has many features , too much to cover all at once , and therefore we will start of with having a look at Akka ’s actors supervisor capabilities .
Akka has an Actor model with supervision trees , based on Erlang ’s OTP design principles .
Supervisors are processes that monitor a set of workers , that do the actual processing .
The basic idea of a supervisor is that it should keep its child processes alive by restarting them when necessary .
A worker is an Actor , that receives and processes a message .
When a worker dies abnormally ( by throwing an Exception ) , it is up to the supervisor to determine what to do .
It may decide to restart the worker , and try to process the message again , with a maximum number of retries set .
The approach is to expect that failures can and eventually will happen .
Instead of trying to prevent this , the idea is to Let it crash ( TM Jonas Bonér ) , reset the worker to a stable state , restart it .
This idea has served Ericsson well in building highly fault tolerant , distributed message passing software .
We can now profit from this idea in Scala as well via Akka .
In order to achieve this , Akka has its own version of the Actors library , that have more ‘ system of service ’ features than the standard Actors library found in the Scala distribution .
To demonstrate a simple example of a supervisor class , here ’s some sample code to demonstrate the idea .
First , we start of with a simple Actor :
[ scala ]
import se.scalablesolutions.akka.config.ScalaConfig._
import se.scalablesolutions.akka.actor.{OneForOneStrategy , Actor}
sealed trait Message
case class Supervise ( worker : Worker ) extends Message
case class DoWork ( work : Work ) extends Message
case object Die extends Message
class Worker ( workerName : String ) extends Actor {
lifeCycleConfig = Some( LifeCycle( Permanent , 100 ) )
def receive : PartialFunction [ Any , Unit ] = {
case DoWork ( work : String ) =>
log.debug ( " start working … at : " + work )
case Reset =>
log.info( " %s has been reset " , toString )
case Die =>
log.debug ( " Dying … " )
throw new RuntimeException ( " I ’m dead : " + this .
toString )
case other =>
log.error ( " Unknown event : %s " , other )
}
override def preRestart ( reason : AnyRef , config : Option [ AnyRef ] ) {
log.debug ( " pre-restarting " + this )
}
override def postRestart ( reason : AnyRef , config : Option [ AnyRef ] ) {
log.debug ( " post - restarting " + this )
}
override def toString = " [ " + workerName + " ] "
[ / scala ]
As regards to sending message passing , an Akka actor follows the same API as the ‘ normal ’ Scala ones : you can send a message to an actor using the !
( pronounced bang ) method .
This is a ‘ fire and forget ’ message , which is then processed asynchronously by the actor .
There are some more options to send messages , but we ’ll skip these for now .
In Akka , Actors have to be started explicitly by calling actor . start for it to be able to process any messages .
It can be stopped by calling actor.stop .
Compared to the standard Scala actors , the API for processing messages is more limited : there is exactly one method that you must override .
This is the receive method , which must return a PartialFunction .
The receive method uses a pattern match to distinguish between various messages it can process .
A pattern match is compiled down to a PartialFunction , which is the return value of the pattern match .
To send messages to actors , we ’ve defined a Message trait , which various case classes that represent the actual messages extend .
In principle , you can send any message to an Actor , however , in practice however , the only messages you should send should be immutable .
In Scala , case classes and case objects are immutable by default , and thus are a natural fit for this .
In this case , we ’ve defined a ‘ DoWork ’ message ( all messages extends from the same Message trait ) , which should set the Worker actor to do something that hopefully will be be of some use .
When the worker receives a Die message , it will throw an exception .
This is a somewhat silly example of course , but hopefully it demonstrates the idea .
So far , nothing special , apart perhaps the pre- and postRestart methods , and the field lifeCycleConfig = Some( LifeCycle ( Permanent , 100 ) ) .
This is configuration for Akka ’s actors supervisor hierarchy capabilities .
To see further how this works , let ’s code up a supervisor :
[ scala ]
import se.scalablesolutions.akka.actor.OneForOneStrategy
object WorkerSupervisor extends Actor {
trapExit = true
faultHandler = Some( OneForOneStrategy ( 3 , 100 ) )
def receive : PartialFunction [ Any , Unit ] = {
case DoSupervise ( worker : Worker ) =>
log.info( " Supervising worker : " + worker )
startLink ( worker )
case unknown =>
log.error ( " Unknown event : %s " , unknown )
}
}
[ / scala ]
Our supervisor is also an Akka actor ( in this case , it is an object , i.e. a singleton in Scala ) , that processes ‘ DoSupervise ( worker ) ’ messages .
It handles this message by starting to supervise the worker by the invoking the ‘ startLink ( worker ) ’ method , which is defined in the Actor class .
This will add our worker to the list of its linked actors , and also handles starts the linked Actor at the same time .
Of cours the nice thing is that the Actor class will handle thread safety for us , so we do n’t need to worry about any multithreading issues here .
The linking achieves exactly what it promises : if a linked Actor ( the worker in our case ) throws an exception , the supervising actor ( our WorkerSupervisor ) will be notified of this .
For this , it is necessary to override the variable trapExit , and set it to true .
It may then decide what to do based on the fault handler strategy Strategy that is defined by defining the fault Handler variable .
There are currently two strategies : OneForOne , meaning that only the actor that has crashed will be restarted , and AllForOne , meaning all linked actors ( including the crashed one ) will be restarted .
This is also where the lifeCycleConfig defined on our worker Actor comes in .
LifeCycle ( Permanent , 100 ) means our actor has a permanent LifeCycle and will always be restarted in case of an exception .
The preRestart and postRestart are callback methods that may be overridden by the supervised actor to do some initialization work when it is restarted .
Note that our supervised actors will probably be some kind of application services , instead of our useless Worker actor , and therefore may really need to do some usefull initialization work like setting up resources , connections , etc , in order to operate properly .
Instead of manually coding a Supervisor like we ’ve done , there ’s an alternative in setting up a set of linked services in a more declarative way by extending Akka ’s Supervisor Factory class , as follows :
[ scala ]
import se.scalablesolutions.akka.actor.SupervisorFactory
import se.scalablesolutions.akka.config.ScalaConfig.{LifeCycle , SupervisorConfig , RestartStrategy , Supervise , OneForOne , Permanent}
class MySupervisorFactory extends SupervisorFactory {
val worker = new Worker ( " worker - 1 " )
override protected def getSupervisorConfig : SupervisorConfig = {
SupervisorConfig(
RestartStrategy ( OneForOne , 3 , 10 ) ,
Supervise (
worker ,
LifeCycle ( Permanent , 1000 ) ) :: Nil )
}
}
object factory extends MySupervisorFactory
[ / scala ]
This defines a list of supervised actors ( in our case , a one element list containing our worker ) and then use the following code :
[ scala ]
val supervisor = factory.newSupervisor
supervisor.startSupervisor
[ / scala ]
which will link all workers to one supervisor ( defined within the framework ) and ( re ) start them based on the configured strategy .
You can therefore pick your preferred way of configuring .
All that remains is to see whether it actually works .
For this we need a small simulation class , defined as follows :
[ scala ]
class Simulation {
var worker : Worker = _
@ Before
def setUp = {
worker = new Worker ( " worker - 1 " )
WorkerSupervisor !
DoSupervise ( worker )
}
@ After
def tearDown = {
WorkerSupervisor.stop
}
@Test
def testSuperviseWorker = {
Thread.sleep( 500 )
println ( "
=== > start working " )
worker !
DoWork ( " Some work " )
Thread.sleep( 500 )
worker !
Die
Thread.sleep( 1000 )
worker !
DoWork ( " Some more work " )
println ( "
=== > finished " )
}
}
[ / scala ]
Running this shows output like the following :
INF [ 20091020-19:28:25.242 ] akka : Supervising worker : [ worker - 1 ] DEB [ 20091020-19:28:25.242 ] akka : Linking actor [ [ worker - 1 ] ] to actor [ Actor [ 1256143591312:class akka.supervision.WorkerSupervisor$ ] ] === > start working DEB [ 20091020-19:28:25.750 ] akka : start working ... at : Some work DEB [ 20091020-19:28:26.249 ] akka : Dying ...
java.lang.RuntimeException : I 'm dead : [ worker - 1 ] at akka.supervision.Worker$$anonfun$receive$1.apply ( Worker.scala:48 ) at akka.supervision.Worker$$anonfun$receive$1.apply ( Worker.scala:38 ) at scala.PartialFunction$$anon$1.apply( PartialFunction.scala:38 ) at se.scalablesolutions.akka.actor.Actor$class.transactionalDispatch(Actor.scala:496 ) at se.scalablesolutions.akka.actor.Actor$class.invoke(Actor.scala:461 ) at akka.supervision.Worker.invoke( Worker.scala:33 ) at se.scalablesolutions.akka.actor.ActorMessageInvoker.invoke(Actor.scala:39 ) at se.scalablesolutions.akka.reactor.EventBasedThreadPoolDispatcher$$anon$1$$anon$ 2. run(EventBasedThreadPoolDispatcher.scala:99 ) at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask( ThreadPoolExecutor.java:886 ) at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run( ThreadPoolExecutor.java:908 ) at java.lang.Thread.run( Thread.java:619 ) DEB [ 20091020-19:28:26.260 ] labs : pre-restarting [ worker - 1 ] INF [ 20091020-19:28:26.262 ] labs : Restarting actor [ class akka.supervision .Worker ] configured as PERMANENT .
DEB [ 20091020-19:28:26.265 ] labs : post - restarting [ worker - 1 ] === > finished DEB [ 20091020-19:28:27.251 ] labs : start working ... at : Some more work Process finished with exit code 0
Which indeed shows that our rudimentary supervisors work .
This concludes the introduction into Akka ’s supervising actors .
There is much more that Akka ’s actors are capable of than shown here ( remoting , transactions , STM , cassandra and mongo backend , to name just a few ) , but those are materials for future blogs .
It may be perhaps a bit much to take all at once , as it requires to learn an API that is likely to be unknown to most of us .
I wo n’t deny that the Akka framework certainly has some learning curve , but the reward is great once you get the hang of it .
Akka is relatively young and still evolving .
If you ’re interested in its future directions , check out the roadmap for the 0.6 release .
That was the concern at the time , and indeed , that 's what we saw over the last decade : Ireland and Spain racing ahead , while places like Italy got stuck in the doldrums .
You do n't actually need an optimal currency zone to have a successful currency : the United States is far too large to actually be optimal , which is arguably one of the reasons that we have so many areas stuck in what seems like permanent stagnation .
But the United States has a lot of advantages Europe is lacking , which help to smooth over the rougher edges .
For one thing , the US has a very high level of labor mobility compared to the euro zone .
This is even true within European countries , but it 's really visible when you look at the zone as a whole .
There are language and cultural barriers , differences in business practices , and frictions with various social security systems , that make European workers less willing to pick up and move to where the jobs are .
The US government also has automatic fiscal stabilizers which transfer money from successful regions to struggling ones .
If your state is doing unusually poorly , unemployment benefits , welfare payments , and other transfer programs automatically start to rise , which mitigates the worst of the economic decline .
Until now , it also has n't been the case that state governments varied wildly in their level of fiscal responsibility .
Most states balanced their budgets by law , and kept their borrowing roughly in line with the revenues they had to cover it .
( Unfunded obligations like pensions are another matter , but everyone has that problem . )
They were able to do so in part because the Federal government picks up the slack during recessions or regional slowdowns .
The euro zone , on the other hand , has tightfisted Germany spliced together with spendthrift Italy , which previously relied on serial devaluations of its currency to boost exports and ease the burden of its debt payments .
This is why I was more skeptical than most observers -- including most of my colleagues -- that the euro zone was going to survive long term .
If a few members are forced to exit , either because the central bank 's monetary policy is keeping them mired in recession , or because they need to inflate away a massive debt burden , then it 's hard to see how the zone survives .
If investors think the euro zone is fragile , they 'll demand higher interest rates to compensate for the currency risk they 're assuming .
Furthermore , a smaller currency zone means smaller gains from trade , and presumably less incentive to pay the price of turning your monetary policy over to the ECB .
So far I 've been proven wrong .
But Greece 's situation may provide an unhappy test of my hypothesis .
There seems to be some serious moral hazard in the market for the debt of troubled euro zone members : as the quote above implies , investors are betting that other members will bail Greece out rather than risk damaging the euro .
As we saw right here in America , markets that believe in implicit government debt guarantees are extraordinarily fragile .
And as we saw in America , there may be no good solution : bailing out Bear and letting Lehman fail were both extraordinarily costly .
A Greek bankruptcy thus has serious implications for Europe , and indirectly , for the rest of us .
European banks are heavily invested in Greek bonds , and if the country defaults , it 's probable that speculators will start eying other euro zone members .
Consider Ireland , which has a relatively low debt - to - GDP ratio -- but which saw that ratio spike from 25 % in 2007 to 43 % in 2008 .
Europe 's finance ministers face some tough decisions in the days ahead .
Warning : mysqli_query ( ) : ( HY000 /1030 ) : Got error 28 from storage engine in /home / sportsun/ public_html/wp-includes/wp-db.php on line 1942
I ’m in a bad mood , so what better way to celebrate that than by complaining about the biggest dicks in sports .
I ’m sure I ’ll miss a bunch because this is off the top of my head and there are a ton of them .
Apologies to those real big dicks who were omitted .
If you are looking to bet on football , make sure to choose a sportsbook from SportsUntapped.com .
10 . Phil Mickelson
Everything he does seems forced and faked .
Unlike the A - Rod ( see below ) he HAS got his lines down , but it is all so contrived .
I ’m not sure , but I might be the only one who thinks he ’s a big veiny dick .
9. Alex Rodriguez
The depths of this guy ’s ineptitude when it comes to “ building relationships ” and “ being likeable ” seem almost vaguely sociopathic .
Too bad he started hitting a bit in the playoffs .
I always enjoyed the post - season meltdowns .
8. Randy Johnson
Remember when he smashed that guy ’s camera ?
What a dickspazz .
I also hear he ’s a born - again Christian .
Major dick move .
Though I heard that from a raving religious lunatic outside of the Kingdome in 1997 .
Should maybe check my sources on that one .
7. Dany Heatley
Let ’s just forget about the whole * cough * vehicular manslaughter thing and focus on what a self - centered baby this strap - on dildo is .
He complains about his diminishing role in Ottawa and then blocks a trade to Edmonton .
Now he ’s with the Sharks lighting it up .
The Senators got 65 cents on the dollar for him .
I hate his dick face .
6. Michael Vick
I do n’t really care about dogs , but it ’s still a big dick move to kill animals .
How bored can you really be to start thinking this kind of shit is cool ?!
5. Stephon Marbury
He ’s actually more of a funny dick , but man , that press release he just put out saying “ Stephon ’s taking the year off to build his empire . ”
Oh man .
That was pure gold .
You ’re washed up .
You ’re a dick .
Nobody wants you and no fans give a flying shit if you retire or disappear of the face of the Earth for that matter .
He should stay around for entertainment value , but man what a dick .
4. Vince Carter
Always always always have hated Vince .
The absolute prototype for underachieving , overpaid , quit on your team and fake an injury pro athlete babies .
Let ’s hope for Dwight Howard ’s sake that he cleans up his act .
Doubtful .
3. Kobe Bryant
What a smug dick .
And let ’s not get being a dick get confused with being one of the best basketball players to ever lace up .
He ’s obviously unbelievably good .
Just a stinky junk sack of a human being .
I puke in my mouth every time he pretends to give a shit about one of his teammates .
2. Barry Bonds
Oh man .
What a penis .
I know he ’s been out of the game for a couple of years , but he ’s tough to forget .
I love how he had his own nook in the Giants ’ clubhouse and that nobody was supposed to bother him .
How he picked fights with the media EVERY NIGHT .
I even love how a huge dick , Jeff Kent , looked like he was in the right throughout their pissy poopy baby feud that they had for all those years .
Good lord .
I hate Barry Bonds .
1. Terrell Owens
Anyone tired of this asshole yet ?
At least his skills are diminishing and soon he ’ll be relegated to some shitty reality show that I ’ll never have to watch .
Oh , he already has his own reality show ?
Gross .
TO has 25 million reasons to beat it .
The fact that the Bills are going to win five or fewer games this year makes me smile .
A lot .
Anyone who has thought about it for more than a nanosecond agrees that “ nonprofit ” is about the worst possible summary we could give of ourselves and our work .
As I wrote recently , the word “ profit ” comes from the Latin noun profectus for “ progress ” and the verb proficere for “ to advance . ”
Thus , “ nonprofit ” means , etymologically , nonprogress .
This is not a simple case of mistaken meaning .
It is a dangerous unconscious statement of intent , or lack of it .
The term has its roots in the Puritan conviction that the self was depraved and must be negated .
Charity , as the Puritans constructed the concept , became the epicenter for this negation .
No advance .
No progress .
Even on the basis of the modern understanding of profit , the nonprofit sector suffers from the distinction of being the only sector whose name begins with a negative , as professor Allen Grossman noted .
It apologizes for itself before it begins .
It communicates only what it is against and is silent about what it is for .
If that were n’t bad enough , there ’s this from author James Hillman : “ Definitions using negation or privation are psychologically unsophisticated .
The excluded notion immediately comes to mind … ”
No wonder the majority of the public mistakenly thinks that too little of the money they donate goes to its intended purpose .
So what should we call ourselves ?
The inspiring options floating around ( and often used ) are :
The third sector I ’m sure the poor would love to know they are so prioritized ;
I ’m sure the poor would love to know they are so prioritized ;
The independent sector Last I checked Exxon was pretty independent .
And last I checked , whether it ’s the IRS opining on where charity executives eat or Congress usurping board authority on compensation , the nonprofit sector was not .
So if you ’re into denial , this one is a good option ;
Last I checked Exxon was pretty independent .
And last I checked , whether it ’s the IRS opining on where charity executives eat or Congress usurping board authority on compensation , the nonprofit sector was not .
So if you ’re into denial , this one is a good option ;
The voluntary sector
Do people work for for - profit companies involuntarily ?
And does n’t this one just reinforce the ridiculous popular notion , which we ’ve all encountered , that we do this work — and should do this work — for free ? ;
Do people work for for - profit companies involuntarily ?
And does n’t this one just reinforce the ridiculous popular notion , which we ’ve all encountered , that we do this work — and should do this work — for free ? ;
The social sector As in society ?
And that distinguishes us from the rest of society how ?
With those choices , we ’d be better off sticking with nonprofit .
If we ’re going to be noncommittal , we might as well be committed about it .
But let us not resign ourselves to this little universe .
Let ’s embrace truth — embrace our dreams , our real motivations — our souls , even .
People were not so phlegmatic centuries ago .
They wore their hearts on their sleeves .
The word “ charity ” comes from the Greek “ charos , ” for grace .
It ’s tender .
It ’s beautiful .
The word “ philanthropy ” comes from an equally honest elucidation — the Latin “ philos ” and “ anthropos ” for “ love of humanity . ”
Love. Grace .
Humanity .
Now we ’re getting somewhere .
There is an unspeakable sadness at the root of the work this sector does .
Whether it is the thought of a three year - old AIDS orphan , terrified and alone in the squalor of a South African ghetto , or of young children watching their mother die a slow but certain death of breast cancer in Boston , the conditions that draw us into this work strike at the very heart of our deepest vulnerabilities .
It is a visceral poignancy that calls us to do what we do .
It is in our hearts , not our heads .
What brings us to this work is our humanity .
And what makes the work happen is the generosity of countless people from all socioeconomic levels , who make donations out of their humanity .
Moreover , it is for humanity that all of this effort is undertaken .
To call it by another name is at best to miss the point , and at worst to betray it .
With impassive and defective labels like “ social ” and “ nonprofit , ” we distance ourselves from what is truly at stake .
We turn life and death into dispassionate jargon .
From there we invent antiseptic lexicons removed from any sense of pain or tragedy to explain our work .
We strip emotion from discussion and description .
Words like “ third ” and “ independent ” reek of half - heartedness , of anesthetizing generality , of resignation , death .
“ Humanity , ” on the other hand , pulsates with life .
Confucious said that “ If names are not correct , language will not be in accordance with the truth of things . ”
What is our truth ?
Death — or life ?
For sale on eBay : ' Eight unopened Christmas presents from my cheating boyfriend '
Heartbroken Leanne Joseph has listed her unopened presents on eBay after discovering just three days before Christmas that her boyfriend was cheating on her .
Miss Joseph , 24 , of Huddersfield , West Yorkshire , was shattered when a workmate claimed to have slept with her boyfriend of three years .
She could not face opening the presents he had bought for her and has posted them for sale on eBay as a job lot .
Not such a merry Christmas : Leanne Joseph is selling unopened presents from her love - rat boyfriend on eBay
She has pledged to donate the proceeds of the auction , which today crashed through the £ 200 mark , to a local hospice .
Miss Joseph said she was ' gobsmacked ' when a friend revealed she had slept with her boyfriend .
' We had been together for three years , ' she said .
Her eBay sales pitch reads : ' Here for sale are a lot of unwanted , unopened Christmas presents from my very ex-boyfriend .
' We fell out on the 22nd and we will definitely not be getting back together , so I do not want anything he had chosen for me this year .
' This is a bargain for someone as he always bought me nice gifts .
Bitter break - up : Miss Joseph has listed her presents - which she says are likely to include ' a saucy thong ' - on eBay
' One is guaranteed to be jewellery - he always got me something nice - and perfume .
Everything will be nice .
' I am into pink girly items , bling and designer labels , so the gifts will reflect this .
There was always a saucy little thong somewhere in there . '
Miss Joseph declined a potential buyer 's request to also auction the ' personal ' card her ex-boyfriend had given her along with the presents .
The auction ends tomorrow at 12.14 pm .
An eBay search for ' Christmas present from boyfriend ' returns Miss Joseph 's advert and that of another seller claiming she too has split with her boyfriend and cannot bear to open her presents .
The seller , who goes under the name ' angesgem ' is auctioning three packages wrapped in red paper .
A second spurned girlfriend is also selling the unopened presents given to her by her ex-boyfriend
On the site she says : ' Here we have three unopened Christmas presents .
They were from my now ex boyfriend and I have no desire whatsoever to open anything from him .
' I normally get some kind of jewellery so am assuming the small one is possibly a ring or earrings , but may be completely wrong .
' He was quite good at buying something I may have mentioned while shopping and had a good sense of humour . '
[ Also see : Shock Revelation : UN scientist admits fake data was used in IPCC report ‘ purely to put political pressure on world leaders ’ ]
Alabama State Climatologist Dr. John Christy of the University of Alabama in Huntsville , served as a UN IPCC lead author in 2001 for the 3rd assessment report and detailed how he personally witnessed UN scientists attempting to distort the science for political purposes .
“ I was at the table with three Europeans , and we were having lunch .
And they were talking about their role as lead authors .
And they were talking about how they were trying to make the report so dramatic that the United States would just have to sign that Kyoto Protocol , ” Christy told CNN on May 2 , 2007 .
– ( For more on UN scientists turning on the UN years ago , see Climate Depot ’s full report here . )
Christy has since proposed major reforms and changes to the way the UN IPCC report is produced .
Christy has rejected the UN approach that produces “ a document designed for uniformity and consensus . ”
Christy presented his views at a UN meeting in 2009 .
The IPCC needs “ an alternative view section written by well - credentialed climate scientists is needed , ” Christy said .
“ If not , why not ?
What is there to fear ?
In a scientific area as uncertain as climate , the opinions of all are required , ” he added .
‘ The reception to my comments was especially cold ’
[ The following is excerpted from Andrew Revkin ’s January 26 , 2009 New York Times blog Dot Earth .
For full article go here . ]
Excerpt : Last March , more than 100 past [ UN IPCC ] lead authors of report chapters met in Hawaii to chart next steps for the panel ’s inquiries .
One presenter there was John R. Christy , a climatologist at the University of Alabama , Huntsville , who has focused on using satellites to chart global temperatures .
He was a lead author of a section of the third climate report , in 2001 , but is best known these days as a critic of the more heated warnings that climate is already unraveling under the buildup of heat - trapping gases .
At the Hawaii meeting , he gave a presentation proposing that future reports contain a section providing the views of credentialed scientists publishing in the peer - reviewed literature whose views on particular points differ from the consensus .
He provided both his poster and summary of his three - minute talk .
In an e-mail message to me , he described the reaction this way ( L.A. is short for lead author ; AR5 is shorthand for the next report , coming in 2013 - 14 . ) :
Christy : “ The reception to my comments was especially cold … not one supporter , though a couple of scientists did say I had a “ lot of guts ” to stand up and say what I said before 140 L.A.s.
I was ( and still am ) calling for the AR5 to be a more open scientific assessment in which those of us who are well - credentialed and have evidence for low climate sensitivity ( observational and theoretical ) be given room to explain this .
We should have the same standards of review authority too .
When a subject is excruciatingly complicated , like climate , we see that opinion , overstatement , and appeal - to - authority tend to reign as those of a like - mind essentially take control in their self - constructed echo - chamber .
The world needs to see all sides of the evidence .
We in the climate business need to understand humility , not pride , when looking at a million degrees - of - freedom problem .
It ’s just fine to say , ‘ We do n’t know , ’ when that is the truth of the matter . ”
I ( Revkin ) also asked Christy , “ Do you see a way forward for this enterprise ( presuming you see these recent issues as serious problems but not a fatal indictment ) ? ”
Christy said : “ I think people would read AR5 if it were a true scientific assessment , complete with controversies [ described ] by the experts themselves .
Policymakers will find it uncomfortable , because the simple fact remains that our ignorance of the climate system is enormous .
Otherwise , it will be a repeat of what we are now seeing ( and what many folks like me knew years ago ) , that the process has morphed into an agenda - approving exercise . ”
To view Christy ’s poster see here .
Christy ’s full written paper to UN IPCC .
Can the IPCC Allow a Section of Alternative Views Authored by Equally Credentialed Climate Scientists ?
– March 2009 – Presented to UN IPCC Scientists
By Dr. John R. Christy – University of Alabama in Huntsville
I want you all to understand this :
No one is holding a gun to my head and no one is paying me money either above or under the table to arrive at the conclusions I ( and others ) have come to .
I propose that the IPCC allow for well credentialed climate scientists to craft a chapter on an alternative view presenting evidence for low climate sensitivity to greenhouse gases than has been the IPCC ’s recent message – all based on published information .
In other words , I am proposing that the AR5 be a true Scientific Assessment , not a document designed for uniformity and consensus .
In a scientific area as uncertain as climate , the opinions of all are required .
Three quick examples are on the poster .
First , the iconic mean surface temperature is a poor proxy for detecting greenhouse gas influences for reasons shown .
And , this metric is not well - observed in any case .
Secondly , many of the so - called metrics of human - induced climate change are not changing at rates policymakers have assumed and the media promotes with the indulgence of the IPCC Leadership .
And , other variables showing change are still within the magnitudes of long - term natural variations .
Thirdly , confidence that the climate system is highly sensitive to greenhouse gases can been shown to be overstated due to assumptions about how the sensitivity is calculated .
Latest measurements clearly suggest a strong negative feedback in the short wave – in other words , in warming episodes , clouds respond to cool the climate .
Another problem with popular sensitivity estimates is the dependence on essentially one century of an oblique greenhouse - proxy ( mean surface temperature ) combined with the notion that all of the natural , multi-decadal variability can be defined so accurately that the left - over warming is assumed to be human - induced .
The investigation rather should examine all levels of natural variability that have been observed and seek to defensibly eliminate those as possible causes .
An alternative view is necessary , one that is not censured for the so - called purpose of consensus .
This will present to our policymakers an honest picture of scientific discourse and process .
I submit this proposal because our level of ignorance of the climate system is still enormous and our policymakers need to know that .
We have much work to do .
Cultured Perl
Practical Twitter with Perl
Learn to use the CPAN Net : : Twitter module to access the Twitter API from Perl
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Cultured Perl Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Cultured Perl Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
You probably know that Twitter is an incredibly - cool - but - not - obvious - how - to - profit - from messaging service , that it limits messages to 140 characters , and that it is to technology as diamonds are to coal .
Twitter 's appeal is that the messages are short and people may actually pay attention to them .
Two general suggestions at the outset :
Do n't post 139 - character messages every time .
Do n't send 20 messages a day .
That 's annoying and annoyance is the sure way to get dropped by your followers .
Twitter can be useful in a business setting .
Like any messaging service ( e- mail anyone ? ) it can be used for many purposes .
Business use of Twitter , however , often concentrates on the " hello it 's me " kind of messaging rather than the " useful information " kind .
See , for example , Chris Brogan 's list of 50 ideas for Twitter use in business ( see Related topics ) ; you might also have heard about examples set by Jet Blue and Dell , among others .
This article explores automated Twitter posts and searches that make sense for a business rather than a live human posting for a business .
The latter is not all that interesting , technically , ( although it would be fascinating to hook up an AI that pretends to be human and responds to Twitter posts ) .
You should already know how to install a CPAN module ( Net : : Twitter , specifically ) , but this article is intended for beginning Perl programmers .
See the Related topics section if you need help with CPAN .
Finally , I do not use " tweets " to refer to Twitter posts except where forced to do so by the API language .
Sorry if you like the word " tweets " ; I just think it will make this article clearer to avoid it .
Enough preamble ; let 's start building an application .
What 's the goal ?
What kind of information will we broadcast ?
Let 's imagine a company that uses Perl and does n't just want to use Twitter because they heard about it on the news ; they weighed other options , got serious about Twitter , and have carefully considered what to post .
The company name is The Cultured Perl , Ltd. and they 've created a new Twitter account under http://twitter.com/cultured_perl.
Imagine the excitement .
Legal has signed off on it and Marketing is drooling .
You , as lead developer , want to get things done , so you decide to try just two things on Twitter to see how well it works without yet worrying about all the Great Questions .
First , you 'll search Twitter for references to " perl " and see if people are talking about anything interesting regarding Perl that might give the company ideas for products .
Second , you 'll set up automatic posting for hiring announcements ( you briefly consider posting firing announcements too , but decide against it because that 's tacky ) .
Searching Twitter for keywords
Twitter as a service is easy to use .
The company that runs it has to worry about all the details — server utilization , network bills , dead hard drives , and so on .
You just open a TCP / IP connection , ask a question , and get an answer back .
This is a hallmark of Web - based services and nice for users , but it 's good to keep in mind that a keyword search may be expensive on the server side if you do it repeatedly ( especially if the keywords vary ) .
Try not to hammer Twitter 's servers with automated queries more often than absolutely necessary .
The twitter_do.pl script will do a Twitter search and a post ( twitter_do.pl is discussed in the next section and is included in the Downloadable resources section , below ) .
Note that you do n't need a password to search but you do to post .
The twitter_do.pl script uses Getopt :: Long to get command - line arguments , as summarized in the usage ( ) function .
The script includes a help screen to save the user the trouble of figuring out the options on his own .
Note also how it uses a -- verbose option , how every option has a shortcut , and how the detailed printout of a search result shows undefined strings as ( UNDEFINED ) instead of just omitting them .
These are little things that make users happy in the long run .
Listing 1 . twitter_do.pl : Nice usage help
sub usage { return << EOHIPPUS $ 0 [ OPTIONS ] SEARCH1 [ SEARCH2 ...]
Note that you can search without a valid login .
Options : -- help or -h : this help -- verbose or - v : print more verbose output -- rpp=100 or -r 100 : 100 results per page -- maxresults =100 or -n 100 : return at most 100 search matches -- popularity or -y : analyze user popularity for search results -- post=NEWS or -o NEWS : post on Twitter --username=NAME or -u NAME : specify the Twitter username -- passwordfile=FILE or - pf FILE : specify a file that contains the Twitter password -- password =PASS or -p PASS : specify the Twitter password EOHIPPUS }
Twitter search results are returned in a hash reference with a page count and other fields besides the search results themselves .
We grab just the results , add them to the full list of results , and then do another search ( displaying the next page of results ) until either we get enough results ( according to the -- maxresults option ) or get no results .
The results are already sorted by date so we keep them that way .
Unfortunately we can't just count the number of results , we have to step through each page , causing Twitter unpleasant multiple hits on the search term .
You can tune this with the - - rpp option .
Similarly , if we get more results than -- maxresults :
Listing 2 . Searching
Twitter by keyword
sub do_search { my $ term = shift @_ ; my $ page = 1 ; my @results ; while ( scalar @results < $ opts {maxresults} ) { my $rset = $ handle -> search ( {query = > $ term , page => $ page , rpp => $ opts{rpp} } ) ; print " Searching for $ term ( page $ page )
" if $ opts{verbose} ; if ( ref $rset eq ' HASH ' && exists $ rset ->{results} ) { # break out if no results came back last unless @{$rset ->{ results}} ; push @results , @{$rset ->{results}} ; printf " Now we have %d entries
" , scalar @results if $ opts{verbose} ; } # go to the next page $ page ++ ; } print_post ( $_ ) foreach @results ; }
Listing 3 . Printing search matches
sub print_post { my $t = shift @_ ; printf ( " %s ( on %s )
\t%s
" , $t ->{ from_user} , $t->{ created_at} , $ t -> {text} ) ; if ( $opts{verbose} ) { foreach my $ key ( sort keys % $t ) { my $v = $t ->{ $ key} ; $v = '( UNDEFINED ) ' unless defined $ v ; print " ...$ key=$v
" ; } } }
There 's nothing interesting about the print_post function , so instead take a moment to breathe deeply and relax .
Become one with the Universe .
Ahhh .
Now go drink something strong , it 's time to talk about posting .
Posting on Twitter
We 'll use a password file command - line option in the script .
You can either put the password in a file and specify it with the - pf option or specify the password directly with - p .
For security it 's better to do the former , but the latter is more convenient .
Listing 4 . Posting on Twitter :
The password options
if ( exists $ opts {passwordfile} && ! exists $ opts {password} ) { open PF , " < " , $ opts {passwordfile} or die " Could n't open $ opts{passwordfile} : $ ! " ; $ opts {password} = < PF > ; close PF ; chomp $ opts {password} ; } # require the password AND at least one search term OR a post die usage ( ) unless ( defined $ opts { password} && exists $ opts {post} ) || scalar @ARGV ;
Annoyingly , passwords with spaces do n't work .
Stick to characters that are safe in URLs ( letters , numbers , dash , underscore : [ A - Za-z0 - 9 _ - ] ) .
After posting , we check if the latest post has the same text as what we intended to post .
Easy , right ?
Listing 5 . Posting on Twitter :
The text check
sub do_post { my $ post = shift @_ ; $ post = '( UNDEFINED ) ' unless defined $ post ; my $ ret = $ handle -> update ( {status => $ post} ) ; warn " Could not post the update " unless defined $ ret ; if ( $ ret - > { text} eq $ post ) { print " Successfully posted [ $ post ] .
" ; } else { warn " Posted string [ $ ret - > {text} ] is different from given [ $ post ] " ; } }
Linking the posting command to the company jobs database is easy : do a quick SQL query ( something like SELECT desc , salary FROM jobs WHERE created > yesterday AND salary NOT NULL AND desc LIKE '% perl % ' ( excuse the pseudo - SQL ) and the results can be fed right into twitter_do.pl .
Analyzing Twitter search results
The Cultured Perl , Ltd. has great success with its new Twitter - centric strategy .
They hire three people and have 1,800 followers within days — job well done !
And yet ... you feel this nagging desire to do more .
You decide to analyze the search results to gauge the popularity of Perl .
The criteria will be to find the first 1,000 search matches , find the users that posted them , and measure these users ' popularity .
Popularity will be half the number of friends plus twice the number of followers ( though the formula can certainly be adjusted depending on the goal ) .
The disproportionate weight is because it 's much easier to follow others than to be followed on Twitter .
To do this , use Net : : Twitter :: friends_ids ( ) and Net :: Twitter ::followers_ids ( ) .
The hook for measuring popularity will be in the rather boring function print_post ( ) , to make it a bit more interesting .
The new version will have a scoped hash , meaning only the function can access the hash directly and it is persistent through every call , so it will be a good cache ) .
This cache will allow popularity to be stored so those expensive methods do n't have to be called repeatedly .
Listing 6 shows the new version of print_post ( ) .
The global options also had to be adjusted to allow a -- popularity switch and the usage text was adjusted ( Listing 1 has that updated text ) .
Listing 6 . Easy analyzing of Twitter popularity by search term
{ # this hash is scoped to the print_post function only my % popularity ; sub print_post { my $t = shift @_ ; printf ( " %s ( on %s )
\t%s
" , $t ->{ from_user} , $t->{ created_at} , $ t -> {text} ) ; if ( $opts{verbose} ) { foreach my $ key ( sort keys % $t ) { my $v = $t ->{ $ key} ; $v = '( UNDEFINED ) ' unless defined $ v ; print " ...$ key=$v
" ; } } if ( exists $ opts {popularity} ) { my $ user = $ t ->{ from_user} ; unless ( exists $ popularity {$user} ) { $ popularity {$user} = scalar @{$handle->friends_ids ( $user ) }/2 + 2 * scalar @ {$handle->followers_ids ( $user )} ; } print "
\tPOPULARITY for $user = $ popularity {$user}
" ; my $ sum = 0 ; $ sum += $ _ foreach values % popularity ; printf " \tAVERAGE POPULARITY = %.2f
" , $ sum / scalar keys % popularity ; } } }
The average is calculated and printed each time for simplicity , but it 's really not hard to move that out of the loop .
Run this with ./twitter_do.pl -n 10 -y perl and step up to 1,000 when you 're sure you need to .
Conclusion
You 've examined posting and searching with Twitter .
A full working example of each function was demonstrated , aggregated inside a single script to simplify handling of options and other wrappers .
Finally , you saw how the Twitter connectivity of a single user can be quantified by using their number of friends and followers .
There are many possible ways to use Twitter .
I hope this article gave you some practical ideas and suggestions , illustrated by working Perl code .
Do check the Net : : Twitter documentation and the Twitter API wiki to find out what else you can do with this service .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
WASHINGTON — A divided Supreme Court struck down decades - old limits on corporate political expenditures , potentially reshaping the 2010 election landscape by permitting businesses and unions to spend freely on commercials for or against candidates .
President Barack Obama attacked the ruling and said it gave " a green light to a new stampede of special - interest money in our politics , " particularly " big oil , Wall Street banks , health - insurance companies and the other powerful interests " that " drown out the voices of everyday Americans . " ...
Up , up and away !
Ario Farin
I weigh every stone you lay in my hand .
I measure the diameter and the thickness
For perfect erosion .
This white one spins
Cloudy like a Saturn ring on the wash ,
the bones imprisoned dive and splash apart
Into fish - gill ripples .
Do it again !
Do it again !
You implore amazed at
This latest trick of the imagination .
It ’s nothing yet .
Take some shade and water
And squint .
Let me lift you up .
You ’re glassier ,
Less polished , fingerprinted .
When you spin
You dig flinty nails into my forearms .
I do n’t want to let go – you do n’t mirror
The light , you bottle it in shards of skin .
Comment :
A parent and child – perhaps a father and daughter – are on a beach .
He may have told her a story : bring me a rock ; if it ’s the right shape and size , then when I throw it far away into the water , it will dissolve and free the creature within .
The comic darkness of this story is almost completely remote when compared with the wonder of the inanimate becoming animate .
But there is more than the girl ’s wonder ; this follows the order of a Petrarchian sonnet ; we have n’t seen anything yet .
“ Diameter , ” “ thickness , ” “ Saturn : ” when the white stone is thrown , it forms an arc in relation to the body of water ; one has to think of a ring of Saturn cut in half , then placed vertically .
The amazing thing is how we notice an entire world based upon what spins around it : to notice our world is truly to look up at the clouds and imagine .
That arc – “ on the wash ” – is invisible even if like a ring of Saturn it is visible : what matters is what it gives visibility to .
“ Thickness ” is like Dickinson ’s “ blank . ”
It is only a container for life .
“ Diameter ” is the “ trick of the imagination . ”
It suffices to say that when the girl is “ spun ” in a circle and her “ flinty nails ” – an innocent but substantial expression of trust – are considered that she is literally of much greater significance than a stone .
The magic of the poem is the speaker ’s realizing this analogy : ‘ inanimate : animate :: animate : ?’
It is the parent whose imagination has not been lost who moves us from cloudy to glassy to light .
This seemingly simple question continues to generate considerable controversy .
Takamasa Takahashi , a physicist at St. Norbert College in De Pere , Wis. , attempts a definitive answer :
" Cold water does not boil faster than hot water .
The rate of heating of a liquid depends on the magnitude of the temperature difference between the liquid and its surroundings ( the flame on the stove , for instance ) .
As a result , cold water will be absorbing heat faster while it is still cold ; once it gets up to the temperature of hot water , the heating rate slows down and from there it takes just as long to bring it to a boil as the water that was hot to begin with .
Because it takes cold water some time to reach the temperature of hot water , cold water clearly takes longer to boil than hot water does .
There may be some psychological effect at play ; cold water starts boiling sooner than one might expect because of the aforementioned greater heat absorption rate when water is colder .
" To the first part of the question --' Does hot water freeze faster than cold water ?'-- the answer is ' Not usually , but possibly under certain conditions . '
It takes 540 calories to vaporize one gram of water , whereas it takes 100 calories to bring one gram of liquid water from 0 degrees Celsius to 100 degrees C .
When water is hotter than 80 degrees C , the rate of cooling by rapid vaporization is very high because each evaporating gram draws at least 540 calories from the water left behind .
This is a very large amount of heat compared with the one calorie per Celsius degree that is drawn from each gram of water that cools by regular thermal conduction .
" It all depends on how fast the cooling occurs , and it turns out that hot water will not freeze before cold water but will freeze before lukewarm water .
Water at 100 degrees C , for example , will freeze before water warmer than 60 degrees C but not before water cooler than 60 degrees C .
This phenomenon is particularly evident when the surface area that cools by rapid evaporation is large compared with the amount of water involved , such as when you wash a car with hot water on a cold winter day .
[ For reference , look at Conceptual Physics , by Paul G. Hewitt ( HarperCollins , 1993 ) . ]
" Another situation in which hot water may freeze faster is when a pan of cold water and a pan of hot water of equal mass are placed in a freezer compartment .
There is the effect of evaporation mentioned above , and also the thermal contact with the freezer shelf will cool the bottom part of the body of water .
If water is cold enough , close to four degrees C ( the temperature at which water is densest ) , then near - freezing water at the bottom will rise to the top .
Convection currents will continue until the entire body of water is 0 degrees C , at which point all the water finally freezes .
If the water is initially hot , cooled water at the bottom is denser than the hot water at the top , so no convection will occur and the bottom part will start freezing while the top is still warm .
This effect , combined with the evaporation effect , may make hot water freeze faster than cold water in some cases .
In this case , of course , the freezer will have worked harder during the given amount of time , extracting more heat from hot water . "
Robert Ehrlich of George Mason University , in Fairfax , Va. , adds to some of the points made by Takahashi :
" There are two ways in which hot water could freeze faster than cold water .
One way [ described in Jearl Walker 's book The Flying Circus of Physics ( Wiley , 1975 ) ] depends on the fact that hot water evaporates faster , so that if you started with equal masses of hot and cold water , there would soon be less of the hot water to freeze , and hence it would overtake the cold water and freeze first , because the lesser the mass , the shorter the freezing time .
The other way it could happen ( in the case of a flat - bottomed dish of water placed in a freezer ) is if the hot water melts the ice under the bottom of the dish , leading to a better thermal contact when it refreezes . "
Still feeling skeptical ?
Fred W. Decker , a meteorologist at Oregon State University in Corvallis , encourages readers to settle the question for themselves :
" You can readily set up an experiment to learn which freezes earlier : water that is initially hot , or water that is initially cold .
Use a given setting on an electric hot plate and clock the time between start and boiling for a given pot containing , say , one quart of water ; first start with the water as cold as the tap will provide and then repeat it with the hottest water available from that tap .
I 'd wager the quart of water initially hot will come to a boil in much less time than the quart of water initially cold .
" The freezing experiment is harder to perform , because it ideally requires a walk - in cold storage chamber that is set to a temperature below freezing .
Take into the chamber two quart - volume milk bottles filled with water , one from a hot tap and the other from a cold tap outside the chamber .
Time them to freezing , and I would wager again that the initially colder water will freeze sooner than the initially hot water . "
[ We would add that , if you do n't want to suffer in a walk - in freezer , you can conduct a reasonably good version of the above experiment in the freezer compartment of your refrigerator ; just do n't check the water too often - in which case it will never freeze - or too infrequently , in which case you may miss the moment when one container is frozen but not the other . ]
Decker concludes that " much folklore results from trying to answer such a question under conditions that do not make ' all other things equal , ' which the foregoing experiments do .
Still feeling skeptical ?
Fred W. Decker , a meteorologist at Oregon State University in Corvallis , encourages readers to settle the question for themselves :
" You can readily set up an experiment to learn which freezes earlier : water that is initially hot , or water that is initially cold .
Use a given setting on an electric hot plate and clock the time between start and boiling for a given pot containing , say , one quart of water ; first start with the water as cold as the tap will provide and then repeat it with the hottest water available from that tap .
I 'd wager the quart of water initially hot will come to a boil in much less time than the quart of water initially cold .
" The freezing experiment is harder to perform , because it ideally requires a walk - in cold storage chamber that is set to a temperature below freezing .
Take into the chamber two quart - volume milk bottles filled with water , one from a hot tap and the other from a cold tap outside the chamber .
Time them to freezing , and I would wager again that the initially colder water will freeze sooner than the initially hot water . "
[ We would add that , if you do n't want to suffer in a walk - in freezer , you can conduct a reasonably good version of the above experiment in the freezer compartment of your refrigerator ; just do n't check the water too often - in which case it will never freeze - or too infrequently , in which case you may miss the moment when one container is frozen but not the other . ]
Decker concludes that " much folklore results from trying to answer such a question under conditions that do not make ' all other things equal , ' which the foregoing experiments do .
By Hugh Pym
BBC chief economics correspondent
Will shoppers still be prepared to raid their piggy banks ?
The recession may technically be over , but there are few signs that consumer spending and confidence will bounce back in a hurry .
The burden of debt still hangs heavily over households .
The question now , is there a new sense of frugality and even a return to a " make do and mend " culture ?
Anecdotal reports suggest that something fundamental may have changed in consumer behaviour .
The recession of the 1990s was followed by a period of retrenchment as households increased savings .
That is already happening this time .
But there is a growing sense that people , scarred by the credit crunch and a much deeper recession than in the 1990s , are making big changes to their lifestyles .
Retailers are adjusting to the new reality and preparing for a very different environment to the borrow and spend culture which prevailed in the boom years leading up to 2007 .
They know they will have to fight a lot harder to pull cash through the tills .
Stores wary Asda has spotted an intriguing shift in spending patterns as customers " trade down " and look to stretch their budgets .
Sales of DIY and car maintenance products have risen sharply , as have home sewing kits .
Tupperware sales are up too as people take home cooked food into work .
The High Street trend is changing
Qasim Latif , Shopkeeper
The losers are ready meals , with customers more willing to cook themselves .
Premium priced organic vegetables are a lot less popular .
Asda 's chief executive Andy Bond believes consumption will be subdued for some time and that changes to shopper behaviour are here to stay for the foreseeable future .
Even with the economy growing again this year , he expects life will be even tougher for consumers .
" We 're still feeling quite concerned for customers - certainly average incomes are not going to go up much this year - mortgage rates are going to go up a little bit - taxes in different areas will go up , " he says .
" Customers on average will have slightly less to spend this year than last year . "
Changing trends
Small shopkeepers are adapting to a post recession landscape as best they can .
Some have fallen by the wayside , unable to cope with the savage spending squeeze .
Others have radically changed the way they do business .
Qasim Latif owns " Linens and Things " in the Kings Heath area of Birmingham .
Customer numbers fell dramatically last year and he struggled to keep his business afloat .
His survival plan was based on the internet and this new sales channel has performed well .
Alan Robinson and Debbie Watson say they have reined in their spending Mr Latif regrets the change because he fears that he may eventually have to close the shop down and become an online - only business .
But he knows that this could be the only profitable way to sell his linen products and towels to bargain hungry consumers .
" The High Street trend is changing , " he says .
" Everyone is changing to the internet - 50 - 60 % of my revenue is coming from the internet maybe for good .
Maybe I will move onto the internet , close the shop down and change it into a big stockroom " .
New approach
So what do consumers think ?
Alan Robinson and Debbie Watson , from Coventry , count themselves lucky as they are both in work .
She is a teacher .
He worked in aerospace engineering and lost his job during the recession .
But after six months he got a new job , though less well paid , in sports administration .
Alan and Debbie are certainly not planning any spending splurge to mark the official return of economic growth .
They have a mortgage to pay and the recession has left them wary of taking economic stability for granted .
" Certainly in the last 12 months we 've become very wary of spending ; obviously we had to with me being made redundant , " says Alan .
Debbie is under no illusion that things will return to the 2007 boom era .
" I do n't think we 'll ever spend like we did necessarily before .
We 'll always be a bit more cautious now , " she says .
Caution and prudent debt reduction may be a good thing for the health of the economy long term .
But if growth is to pick up this year and next , manufacturers and retailers need consumers to raise spending .
If there is a new frugality and a return to austerity , the economy may struggle to get back on a smooth growth path .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Newsletter
Email
Subscribe to our newsletter and get top weekly deals sent to your mailbox .
50 + Fresh New Tutorials From Around The Web
Tutorials can often be your greatest source of inspiration when trying to design that project you have been putting off .
In this post , I have rounded up a collection of very useful tutorials from around the web from the month of November .
You ’ll find everything from old style typography sign in photoshop , to designing a love wallpaper for your desktop .
So what are you waiting for …why not try one out ?
Want more articles on useful tutorials ?
Check out some of my previous post :
50 Hot New Tutorials From Around The Web
50 + High Quality Icon Design Tutorials ( Part 2 )
50 + High Quality Icon Design Tutorials ( Part 1 )
Text Effects
Wallpaper and Poster Design
Photo Manipulation
Web Layout Design
Icon Design
Abstract and Light Effects
Character Design
Drawing and Design
Illustrations
Advertising
What the bedrooms of this micro - hotel lack in size , the communal spaces make up for in style .
Centrally located in a newly fashionable neighbourhood , the Arlo NoMad is ideal for travellers keen to get up , out , and take on Manhattan .
Read expert review
ACT Attorney - General Confirms Support For R18 +
Rating
The ACT Attorney - General Simon Corbell has weighed into the classification debate by announcing his support for the introduction of an R18 + rating for video games .
In a letter written to Gamers 4 Croydon founder David Doe , Corbell outlines his position :
The ACT supports the introduction of an R18 + classification .
This classification would ensure that games with adult content are sold only to adults and that the purchasers are fully aware of the content of the games .
There is evidence that many people are purchasing games from overseas and over the internet , and because the games are not classified , they may have little or no information to enable them to determine whether this is something they truly want to view or use .
Corbell joins Victorian Attorney - General Rob Hulls in support of a change to the classification system .
South Australian Attorney - General Michael Atkinson is the only censorship minister to voice opposition to an R18 + rating , while the remaining six Attorneys - General have yet to publicly express their views .
From the office of the ACT Attorney General [ Gamers 4 Croydon ]
GCC to merge
Go support
From : David Edelsohn < edelsohn - AT - gnu.org >
To : < iant - AT - google.com >, < gcc-AT-gcc.gnu.org >
Subject : gccgo language contribution accepted Date : Tue , 26 Jan 2010 14:13:35 - 0500 Archive - link : Article , Thread
I am pleased to announce that the GCC Steering Committee has accepted the contribution of the gccgo front - end and gcc-specific runtime for the Go language with Ian Taylor appointed maintainer .
The GCC Release Managers will decide the details about the timing of the merge and inclusion in GCC 4.5 or later .
Please join me in congratulating and thanking Ian and the Go language developers .
Please update your listing in the MAINTAINERS file .
Happy hacking !
David
“ Obviously Israel does not respond to language of diplomacy , which has encouraged the lifting of the blockade and so what I am suggesting is that it has to be reinforced by a threat of adverse economic consequences for Israel , ” Richard Falk , the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories occupied since 1967 , told UN Radio .
“ That probably is something that is politically unlikely to happen , but unless it happens , it really does suggest that the United States and the Quartet and the EU [ European Union ] do n’t take these calls for lifting the blockade very seriously and are unaffected by Israel ’s continuing defiance of those calls , ” he said , referring to the diplomatic Quartet of the UN , EU , Russia and US , which have been calling for a two - state solution to the Middle East conflict .
The UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestinian Refugees ( UNRWA ) , the main UN body tending to the needs of some 4 million Palestinian refugees , said today Gaza had been “ bombed back , not to the Stone Age , but to the mud age , ” because UNRWA was reduced to building houses out of mud after the 22 - day offensive Israel said it launched to end rocket attacks against it .
“ The Israeli blockade has meant that almost no reconstruction materials have been allowed to move into Gaza even though 60,000 homes were either damaged or completely destroyed .
So we in UNRWA have been saying ‘ let 's lift this senseless blockage , ’ ” UNRWA spokesman Chris Gunness told UN Radio .
“ We are the United Nations and we always hope that diplomacy will prevail , and it will prevail above the rationale of warfare .
But if you look at what is going on in Gaza , and if you look at the continued blockade and the fact that that blockade is radicalizing a population there , then one has to have one ’s doubts . ”
In a statement last week , Mr. Falk stressed that the “ unlawful blockade ” was in its third year , with insufficient food and medicine reaching Gazans , producing further deterioration of the mental and physical health of the entire civilian population .
Building materials necessary to repair the damage could not enter Gaza , and he blamed the blockade for continued breakdowns of the electricity and sanitation systems due to the Israeli refusal to let spare parts needed for repair get through the crossings .
Mr. Falk also deplored the wall being built on the borders between Gaza and Egypt .
“ I ’m very distressed by that , because it is both an expression of complicity on the part of the government of Egypt and the United States , which apparently is assisting through its corps of engineers with the construction of this underground steel impenetrable wall that ’s designed to interfere with the tunnels that have been bringing some food and material relief to the Gaza population , ” he told UN Radio .
“ And of course , the underground tunnel complex itself is an expression of the desperation created in Gaza as a result of this blockade that ’s going on now for two and a half years , something that no people since the end of World War II have experienced in such a severe and continuing form . ”
As a Special Rapporteur , Mr. Falk serves in an independent and unpaid capacity and reports to the Geneva - based UN Human Rights Council .
In a new policy brief , the UN Conference on Trade and Development ( UNCTAD ) , entrusted with promoting the integration of developing countries into the world economy , reported that more than 80 per cent of Gaza ’s population are now impoverished ; 43 per cent unemployed ; and 75 per cent lack food security .
“ In view of the eroded productive base , poverty is likely to widen and deepen unless reconstruction begins in earnest and without further delay , ” it warned .
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , bowing to public pressure to cut the size of its bonuses , will make the smallest payouts relative to revenue in its history as a public company .
Staffers at the Wall Street firm will hardly be going home empty - handed ; they will make an average of $ 500,000 per person and top executives take home millions of dollars in pay for their work in 2009 .
But Goldman set aside $ 16.19 billion for compensation , or 35.8 % of its net revenue to pay for compensation and benefits , about $ 3 billion less than expected ...
Michael Ignatieff wants your heart and soul .
Oh , he 'd like your vote , too .
But he 'll settle for getting Canadians , young and old alike , involved in the political process .
It was one of the messages he took to students at the University of Toronto 's Mississauga campus Wednesday , part of a week - long tour of 11 Canadian universities and his only GTA stop .
The U of T grad , who was also a professor at Harvard University before he became federal Liberal leader , faced a few protesters who urged him to go back to Massachusetts .
" Just so you know , " he told about 600 people in a packed lecture hall , " I 'm not going anywhere , because I 'm home . "
While Ignatieff took questions on a wide range of issues , including the Middle East , nuclear energy , the environment and copyright laws , he focused on getting Canadians involved in the political process .
He took a few jabs at Prime Minister Stephen Harper for suspending Parliament on Dec. 30 , suggesting Harper thought he could slip it past a country too lazy to care .
" He gambled on your cynicism , he gambled on your disillusion , he gambled on your detachment from the process and , interestingly , he gambled wrong , " Ignatieff said .
" Your presence today is a sign you care about politics . "
He said Canadians do n't like a leader who thinks Parliament answers to him and said public cynicism is " fertile ground for politicians who want to turn you off the process further .
...
For heaven 's sake , get involved , ' cause if you do n't , they make the future .
If you get involved , you make the future .
" Systematically , this man tries to steamroller every institutional obstacle to his authority , including the Senate . "
Ignatieff said his Liberals must propose a democratic reform package to ensure that " I 'm not going to shut down Parliament when the heat 's on ... every time my government is under legitimate scrutiny . "
If and when he forms a government .
He said that in the 2008 federal election , just one in five newly eligible voters even bothered to vote .
" Your responsibility is to show up ' cause it 's your country , " he said .
" So , if you do n't show up , someone else will show up . "
In response to a question from a local high school student about how young voices can be heard , Ignatieff carried on with his theme .
" I think the most important thing that I can do is just to show up , to be in this room with you right now and to listen , " he said , adding he first got involved in politics in high school .
" Get 'em young and keep 'em , right ?
" One of the legacy responsibilities of a person in public life is to make sure the political system is healthier by the time you leave than when you started .
The only way the political system is going to be better off is if you 're in it . "
Ignatieff said his staff of political professionals urged him not to embark on this cross-county series of university town hall sessions .
" They all said in one voice , ` Are you nuts ?
They 're going to ask you questions .
Somebody might blind - side you .
...'
From the politician 's side , there 's risk associated , " he said .
" My sense is that this is holding us back .
" We have to persuade you , voter by voter , heart by heart , soul by soul , that this business called politics is worth doing . "
It 's a process , he said , " about whether we shape the future or the future shapes us . "
Romina Siddiqui , 21 , a fourth - year economics student , said Ignatieff 's appearance was " very inspiring . "
" I think he motivates youth to get involved in politics , to try and make a difference for the future of Canada , " she said .
After he was presented with a U of T hooded sweatshirt , Ignatieff huddled with a throng of students before he left for another talk at Hamilton 's McMaster University .
Kelowna Golf & Country Club Kelowna 's only member owned club
Due to the COVID - 19 Pandemic we are operating as a " Member & Guest Only " Club at this time .
Only Members and their Guests are permitted access to the course and tee times .
I grew up in financially straitened circumstances and meat , which was expensive , was a rare thing at mealtimes .
We ate meat about once a month , if that .
Also , growing up in a culture where meat dishes were the centrepiece of private and public entertaining – birthdays , weddings , Sunday lunches , guests for dinner – meat had the glitter of glamour , of showing off , of ceremony about it .
Which perhaps goes on to explain somewhat my fascination with and weakness for it .
Different cultural contexts account for some of the fascination too : in India , where I grew up , eating meat is nowhere near as regular , as prevalent and as common as it is in primarily carnivorous first - world countries .
India introduced Britain to vegetarianism – see Tristram Stuart 's excellent first book on this – and it is possible , indeed all too easy , to be a vegetarian in India and eat extraordinarily good , varied food every day , with very few " repeats " .
But I race ahead .
Meat - fetishiser that I was , I used to find willed vegetarianism inexplicable .
It was one thing to be a vegetarian because of religious and caste reasons – something I was familiar with because of my Indian upbringing – but to choose to be a vegetarian when you could eat meat for every meal every day ?
That seemed madness to me .
It was as if you had chosen to live only half of your life , a cussed and downright wrong self - inflicted deprivation .
While I felt pity for " cultural " or religious vegetarians , I looked on " converted " vegetarians with contempt .
Stupid dimwits , I laughed .
Holier - than - thou , preachy , smug , sanctimonious … the arsenal was n't exactly thin .
The change of mind occurred slowly .
As with most of my knowledge of the world , it came by way of books .
I think JM Coetzee 's work came before Peter Singer's .
Reading The Lives of Animals ignited something in me .
I searched out Singer 's books : Practical Ethics and a 2002 edition of Animal Liberation .
Because they mounted logically consistent arguments and because they were morally sound , rigorously and convincingly argued , and eschewed the cheap , Disneyfied sentimentality that mars so much of pro-vegetarian arguments – oh , let 's not eat that fluffy baa lamb , its mother will be so unhappy to see cute Fleecykins eaten – it got me thinking instead of reacting with the knee - jerk resistance I had ( and still have ) to the sentimental " arguments " .
It slowly dawned on me that there were no rational , intellectual or moral arguments to be made for carnivorousness .
The meat - eaters had always already lost .
This is not the place to rehearse all those arguments – in any case , they 've been done far better than my potted precis could give an idea of by the writers I 've named .
But I need to mention one point .
Far more convincing for me than all kinds of shocking exposés of the meat industry and the way a piece of steak makes it way on to our plates – and , let 's face it , they are bone - rattlingly shocking – was the unimpeachable moral argument against speciesism : because we are the most powerful animals in the animal kingdom , because all animals are at our mercy and we can choose to do whatever we want with them , it is our moral duty not to decimate , factory farm and eat them .
It is an argument of such majesty and generosity that its force is almost emotional .
And yet all of this is kinked by the fact that changing my mind has n't led to changing my habits .
To understand intellectually is one thing , to put it into practice quite another , a whole untraversable territory away .
I still have n't been able to stop eating meat .
In any restaurant , my eyes alight first , as if by an atavistic pull , on the meat dishes on the menu .
In any dinner party I throw , I think of the non-vegetarian dish as central .
I view this as a combination of weakness , greed and moral failure .
Someone please help .
A Shuttle initiative geared at saving small laptop OEMs from extinction by banding them together with increased interchangeability of parts may one day allow users to build their own laptops as they now do with desktops .
The new Shuttle PCB Assembly ( SPA ) and MicroSPA motherboards can be changed out with a few screws , and are compatible with a wide variety of laptop chassis .
Shuttle 's booth display at CES was low - key ; a variety of motherboards adorned the wall with the Menlow , Pine Trail , Montevina , Calpella , and various other laptop platforms on - board .
A number of differently - styled laptops with transparent bottoms showed identically laid - out components .
But for Shuttle , it 's a life - and - death battle to save the small laptop OEMs .
A row of interchangable SPA motherboards designed for different laptop platforms from Intel and AMD .
" If you look at the collective market share for everyone but the big guys , " a Shuttle rep told Ars , " since 2008 it 's fallen from twenty percent to six percent . "
By " the big guys " Shuttle means HP , Dell , Acer , Toshiba , Apple , and the other large OEMs , the companies whose small competitors SPA will save from extinction by offering them a large marketplace of high - volume interchangeable components .
We overheard an OEM representative asking about Firewire support on a Calpella SPA board .
Shuttle said , " no problem ; it 's an easy add - in board . "
When I asked whether OEMs were climbing on board , Shuttle told me it 's already received an order for 15,000 units from an unspecified purchaser , and that more orders are coming in from the USA and Europe for launch later this quarter .
" In fact , if this works , " the Shuttle rep continued , " it could spark a revolution in laptop upgradability .
You drop $ 2000 on a high - end laptop , and it does n't matter , because in a year the new laptop platform comes out , and you take it to a shop to upgrade for a few hundred bucks . "
" Wait , " I interjected .
" What 's stopping the user from doing it himself ? "
" Absolutely nothing .
The motherboard is as easy to replace as the motherboard in a desktop PC . "
To embellish his point , the Shuttle rep pointed to the seven screws on the back of the netbook chassis he was holding that would take the entire back cover off .
He pointed to the screws holding the motherboard down , to the cables linking it to other components , and to the Core 2 Duo motherboard that could replace the Atom one inside .
Two SPA laptops with identical internals , with transparent bottoms showing the internals arranged identically .
" In a laptop from a major OEM you 'd have to take it all apart in order to even access this board , and when you got there it would be split into three or four pieces , and those pieces would all be proprietary , " he enthused .
" Here , it 's all standard . "
Of course , such programs have been tried before , and there are reasons why they have n't succeeded .
Laptop thermal management is difficult , and custom engineering can squeeze extra millimeters , ounces , and clock cycles out of a design that a standard unit could never achieve .
Shuttle assures me that they 've ironed out these problems , and that their designs are competitive with the latest from the main players in size , weight , cost , and hardware diversity .
The same two laptops , looking completely different on the outside .
If this kind of initiative succeeds , in the long run Ars-reading geeks may build their laptops on Newegg in much the same way they currently build desktops , by choosing a chassis design including trackpad , a keyboard , LCD panel including webcam , motherboard / CPU / GPU unit , RAM , optical drive , and hard disk or SSD .
Putting it together would be comparable to building a desktop .
Shuttle is n't looking to press forward with that vision just yet ; it 's happy to bring about inter - brand compatibility and gear up to the scaling economies needed to keep the small brands alive and competing with Dell .
But in the long run , commoditizing laptop internals can only take us in the build - your - own direction .
And that 's something worth celebrating .
If you ’re at all involved in Android , chances are pretty good you ’ve heard of Cyanogen ’s ROM .
Â
If you ’ve got a rooted handset , it ’s almost guaranteed that you ’ve come across the ROM at some point .
Â
It has emerged as the premier ROM for Android handsets , often including features that have yet to make their way to official builds .
The latest build is a prime example of rooted users getting early access to upcoming enhancements .
Â
We know the Android Market is getting a makeover with 1.6 as indicated directly by Google .
Â
How would you like to play with it today ?
Â
Grab the newest build ( 4.1.11.1 ) and check it out .
Â Warning :
It ’s an experimental ROM running within a rooted environment .
Â
This means you ’re doing a couple of things your phone may not like .
Â
It ’s not covered by any guarantee nor can you get true tech support from it .
Â Proceed with caution .
If you ’re one of those who have liberated your Android handset , grab the ROM and check out the cool stuff coming from Donut !
Â
That is provided you have n’t done so already .
Images courtesy of AndroidAndMe
A new report today confirms one of Washington 's worst - kept secrets – that big insurance companies are fighting tooth and nail to kill health reform that will wrest power from their hands and give it to American families .
According to the National Journal , the nation 's largest insurers funneled between $ 10 million and $ 20 million dollars through the Chamber of Commerce to fund television ads perpetuating their favorite scary myths about health insurance reform .
The article also exposes that the effort was well underway – and carefully planned to avoid detection – even as the insurance companies were publicly claiming to support reform :
In late October , [ insurance lobby President Karen ]
Ignagni wrote in a letter to the Washington Post defending a health insurer - funded study critical of congressional cost estimates , " Let me be clear and direct , health plans continue to strongly support reform . "
However , by that time money was already flowing through AHIP to the chamber to fund its negative ads .
The fund raising started last September and continued through December using AHIP as a conduit to avoid a repeat of the political flack that hit the insurance industry after it famously ran its multi-million dollar " Harry and Louise " ads to help kill health care reforms during the Clinton administration .
" AHIP wanted to do this through a third party because of what happened with the Harry and Louise ads , " said a lobbying source .
" The goal was to get a message out there to make sure the public understood the serious shortcomings of the legislative proposals . "
It ’s no surprise that the insurance companies who profit from the broken status quo would oppose fixing the system .
After all , reform will end insurance industry practices like denying coverage based on preexisting conditions , capping total benefits , and dropping coverage when you get sick and need it most .
But this article should serve as an important reminder of the powerful forces standing in the way of change and of whose bidding opponents of reform are doing .
Read the full article .
Dan Pfeiffer is White House Communications Director
Posted by John , December 16th , 2009 - under Kevin Rudd , Socialism , The Left , Tony Abbott .
Tags : Australian politics , Climate change , Climate change deniers , Global Warming
Climate change denier Tony Abbott is about as fair dinkum an environmentalist as Kevin Rudd .
Abbott won leadership of the Liberal Party with the support of Nick Minchin , the man who denies global warming at all and claims the whole thing is a left wing plot to de-industrialise Western society .
Abbott ’s victory over pro-ETS leader Malcolm Turnbull was a victory for the deniers , not the environmentalists .
Abbott ’s claims to being an environmentalist are an attempt to keep the Liberal environmental vote .
One of the interesting things that came out of the recent by - elections in two safe liberal seats was a big swing against the Liberals and to the Greens in some high income booths .
The swing was to the Liberals in the lower income booths .
So Abbott is changing his colours to appeal to part of his ‘ natural ’ constituency while trying to attract workers frightened by the increased costs an ETS will impose on them .
With a front bench of well known environmentalists like Barnaby Joyce , Bronwyn Bishop , Kevin Andrews and Philip Ruddock , it is unlikely the rich would be so stupid as to fall for this environmental chameleon .
But Abbott ’s position on global warming may not be the major determinant of the rich vote in a general election .
It is likely they will support Abbott despite his anti-environmentalism .
Class is thicker than brain cells .
If Tony Abbott is a pretender , Kevin Rudd is the great pretender .
As Richard Denniss from the Australia Institute told the the Canberra Walk Against Global Warming , a man who supports a pathetic 5 percent cut in Australia ’s greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 is a denier too .
Now , as part of the Copenhagen negotiations , Rudd wants to destroy the minor gains of Kyoto .
He has sided with the US in wanting to tear up the treaty .
Lumumba DiAping , the chief negotiator at Copenhagen for the developing countries and China , said Kevin Rudd was deceiving the Australian people and was a sceptic .
His comments are so good , let me quote him .
The message Kevin Rudd is giving to his people , his citizens , is a fabrication , it ’s fiction .
It does not relate to the facts because his actions are climate change scepticism in action
He is right .
Labor ’s Emissions Trading Scheme is a massive transfer of wealth to the rich and the polluters .
It will do nothing to cut the huge growth in greenhouse gases in Australia – over 80 percent since 1990 .
Neither of course will Abbott ’s climate action .
This is a make believe scheme to give the impression of doing something to hide the reality of doing nothing .
Much like Rudd’s ETS .
The situation cries out for a campaigning left , a left committed to real social change , to begin a mass radical campaign to force Rudd to introduce a comprehensive scheme to address global warming .
That must involve spending hundreds of billions over the next decade on green jobs and renewable energy to address the greatest challenge to humanity .
It must involve taxing the rich and their polluters to pay for this .
As we in Socialist Alternative chanted at the recent Walk Against Global Warming Rallies : “ Stop global warming .
Make the rich pay . ”
But this left must go further .
It must link pollution to profit and argue that only a truly democratic society in which production is organised to satisfy human need can address climate change .
No such left as a mass movement yet exists .
Until it does the debate among the rich and powerful will be between the do - nothings like Rudd and the deniers like Abbott .
Professor Laurence Alison , Forensic Psychologist at Liverpool University , who features in the documentary , said : " In terms of psychological profiling , Robert Mann is the one of the most credible suspects from recent years and the closest we may ever get to a plausible psychological explanation for these most infamous of Victorian murders . "
" Si le ramadan ne se terminait pas bientôt , je recommencerais .
Et l'année prochaine , s'il le faut , je le referai . "
Zineb El - Rhazoui , 27 ans , a de la constance .
Fin août , aux premiers jours du ramadan , la jeune femme et une amie pédopsychiatre de 34 ans , Ibtissam Lachgar , ont créé un " groupe alternatif " sur le site social Facebook .
Objectif : la défense au Maroc de " toutes les libertés .
Toutes , même celles qui choquent comme la défense des homosexuels et la liberté du culte " , insiste Zineb El - Rhazoui , jointe par téléphone .
Première action : en plein ramadan , synonyme de jeûne pour les musulmans , " organiser un pique - nique symbolique " - et discret - dans une forêt de Mohammedia , une ville moyenne , facile d'accès à mi-chemin entre Rabat et Casablanca .
Une première dans un pays où le non -respect du jeûne est toléré , à condition de rester non ostentatoire .
Combien sont - ils à se retrouver à la gare de Mohammedia dimanche 13 septembre avec leurs sandwichs ?
Sans doute guère plus d'une poignée , mais la jeune femme n'a pas le temps de compter ses " amis " car , à peine arrivée , raconte - t - elle , " des policiers - ils étaient des dizaines - nous ont interpellés , insultés , fouillés , avant de me remettre dans le train , flanquée d'agents du contre - espionnage " .
Zineb El - Rhazoui est actuellement recherchée par la police .
Une demi-douzaine de convives ont eu moins de chance qui ont été arrêtés à Mohammedia .
Plusieurs sont toujours gardés à vue .
Quelques - uns ont choisi la clandestinité .
L'affaire des " dé - jeûneurs " , comme on les surnomme , est devenue une affaire d'Etat qui fait les choux gras de la presse et de la télévision .
Ce sont de " jeunes inconscients qui ont voulu pêcher en eau trouble " , a lancé le ministre de la communication , Khalid Naciri .
" Discuter d'une liberté individuelle qui ne respecte pas l'islam ouvre la porte au non-respect de la patrie et de l'institution monarchique " , a prévenu un dignitaire religieux , Abdelbari Zemzmi .
Et Mustapha Ramid , le chef du groupe parlementaire du Parti de la justice et du développement ( PJD , islamo - conservateur ) , de conclure : " Nous ne pouvons accepter que des musulmans dé-jeûnent publiquement . "
UN À SIX MOIS DE PRISON
Les autres partis politiques - y compris les socialistes membres de la coalition gouvernementale - ne sont pas en reste qui , après avoir été convoqués au Palais royal par un conseiller de Mohammed VI , ont dénoncé l'initiative prise par le Mouvemement alternatif pour la défense des libertés individuelles ( MALI ) sur Facebook .
A l'appui de leur condamnation , l'article 222 du code pénal qui stipule que " tout individu notoirement connu pour son appartenance à l'islam qui rompt ostensiblement le jeûne dans un lieu public pendant le ramadan " encourt une peine d'un à six mois de prison .
En revanche , l'Association marocaine des droits de l'homme ( AMDH ) a pris la défense des " dé - jeûneurs " .
Pendant ce temps , sur Facebook , le MALI fait recette .
Ils sont plus d'un millier à avoir rejoint les deux femmes fondatrices du mouvement alternatif .
Jean - Pierre Tuquoi
NEW ORLEANS --
The soul of New Orleans is in a trumpet and a low - ceilinged bar .
It 's in the free red beans in the back .
It 's in the art hanging near the food that has two dogs howling at a New Orleans Saints moon .
It 's in the voice of Kermit Ruffins , two hours into his standing Thursday night gig at a packed club hidden in the neighborhood behind the French Quarter , the place weathered and peeling like the side of a workingman 's boat .
He plays a song he wrote , " All I Want for Christmas Is the Saints in the Super Bowl , " and the crowd dances and sings all the words .
When he takes a break , he calls me in closer .
There 's something he wants to show me .
He undoes his thin black tie , and the top two buttons , then pulls both his collared shirt and T - shirt down just enough so I can see .
I notice the top point first , and slowly , the entire tattoo comes into view , a month old , enormous , covering his entire chest .
I start laughing , and so does he .
A symbol of the city adorned with a symbol of the city .
Kermit Ruffins has gotten an enormous fleur - de - lis , the Saints ' helmet logo , tattooed on his chest .
" Only in New Orleans , " he says , winking .
" I 'm killing 'em when I take off my shirt at the beach .
Especially at the Super Bowl . "
Hello , madness
These are strange and beautiful days in New Orleans , and they must be seen to be believed .
I 've visited the city dozens of times since I was a boy , lived and worked there for a spell and last week , when I went down to experience the mania over the Saints ' undefeated season firsthand , I found myself not sure whether every street was a dream .
Some moments made me laugh , and others were so full of a desperate love that I had tears in my eyes .
Where do you even begin ?
Maybe you describe the couture shops that have replaced the latest fashions on the storefront mannequins with Saints T - shirts ?
Maybe you tell how vampire novelist and native New Orleanian Anne Rice , never much of a football fan and now living on the West Coast , recently ordered a Drew Brees jersey with " Anne " on the back .
Maybe you use numbers : 84 percent of the televisions in town were tuned to the recent Monday night game against the Patriots .
Maybe you use bizarre trends , such as an NOPD cop telling me the 911 calls almost stop when the Saints play and there 's been only one murder during a game this year .
I like this best , here , at a Christmas party for children at one of the columned and terraced battleships on tree - lined St. Charles Avenue .
Everyone calls the home The Wedding Cake House , and it's owned by a prominent local attorney whose family is close to Rita Benson LeBlanc , the owner and executive vice president of the football franchise .
The kids are all crowded around Santa Claus until the arrival of Gumbo , the beloved St. Bernard - costumed mascot of the Saints .
The kids flock to Gumbo , and there are screams and hugs and photos and , in the madness , a few of the adults look over to see Santa , totally alone and ignored , trying to figure out what to do .
Eventually , they said , he just left .
These are strange and beautiful days , and there is something being created right now , something that goes well beyond the success of a football team .
One night , three of us roll through the streets of downtown New Orleans .
LeBlanc is driving her dark Mercedes .
In the back seat is the head of the federal government 's Gulf Coast Rebuilding team .
They are talking about the Saints ' perfect season and the things athletic success can realistically mean to a town .
We pass reopened hotels and fixed houses , the blue tarps that doubled for roofs for the past four years gone .
We pass throngs of tourists who have returned , and local restaurants that are packed , and out there in the night , implicit in everything that is of this place , there is a defiant beating heart .
Yes , there is something happening in New Orleans , a strange and beautiful story not so much about a town that still needs distraction from a hurricane but about a professional sports team changing the nature of the relationship between franchise and fan .
" It 's the entire city , " LeBlanc says as we drive .
" Everybody feels it .
It 's not because we 're selling it .
Faith or fate , whatever you believe in , you cannot watch this football team and not have faith . "
Resilience
The soul of the city is coming off the practice field and headed toward the showers .
They are a motley group , undrafted guys and late - round fliers , players cast off from other teams .
Brees landed in town after an injury convinced the Chargers that his best days were behind him .
" When we came here , " he has said , " I was in the process of rebuilding , as well . "
Rita Benson LeBlanc , front , with Tom Benson and his wife Gayle , left , greet fans near the end of the Saints - Giants game in October .
AP Photo / Bill Haber
Running back Mike Bell was out of football .
So was cornerback Mike McKenzie , who watched the games from the stands with a mouthful of food before getting the call a few weeks ago .
Darren Sharper arrived unwanted and has resurrected his career .
Running back Pierre Thomas was n't drafted .
Star wide receiver Marques Colston was n't drafted until the seventh round of the 2006 draft , and his college football program , Hofstra , just folded .
It goes on and on .
This is a team of underdogs .
" It 's a bunch of guys that feel like they have something to prove , " McKenzie says .
" We have a lot of late draft picks and free agents that are now starting .
It is a team full of guys who are probably viewed as overachievers . "
It 's perfect , is n't it ?
The expansion team whose first roster was created from players unwanted by other teams has finally found success with a similar group .
The past of the team is well - documented .
Archie Manning getting sacked .
The Aints .
The paper bags over the heads .
No playoff games until 1987 .
No playoff wins until 2000 .
The Saints trudged along , some good years and mostly bad ones , until Rita took control and the team 's football people hired Sean Payton , who had also had a rocky past as offensive coordinator for the New York Giants .
The team 's rise from the weight of the past mirrored a similar rise of the city .
The Saints , always popular , have transcended , now lumped in with New Orleans ' institutions -- Mardi Gras , Louis Armstrong and red beans on Monday .
They 're woven into the fabric of the town because they stayed .
Private girls schools now let the students wear Saints jerseys to class on special days .
A friend of mine , who lives in Uptown and grew up going to games , says the feeling about the team has changed .
He 's an oil - and - gas man , a Republican , not prone to fits of hippieness .
" The last four years have been very special in the city 's attachment to the Saints , " he told me .
" I am not one to do a lot of reflecting back on Katrina , but there is clearly a line of demarcation there . "
Everyone is welcome
Quarterback Drew Brees and the Saints ' potent offense have produced a 13 - 0 record heading into their home game Saturday night againts Dallas .
Jeff Fishbein / Icon SMI
The soul of the city is inside a small man casually dressed in a sweater and blue blazer , smiling as his kids get their picture taken with the Snow Blizzard Fairy .
Upstairs in the Hotel Monteleone on Royal Street , there are hundreds of sugar - buzzed kids running amok at the annual Children 's Christmas Tea , surrounded by tables loaded with carafes of milk , chocolate milk and red Kool - Aid , plus towers of cookies and candy .
The amused papa 's name is Anh " Joseph " Cao , and he 's a rookie U.S. congressman .
He came to the United States from Vietnam as an 8 - year - old .
There were no Christmas teas for him .
He came with nothing , not even the language , and he and his family built a new life from scratch .
Before becoming a lawyer , he studied for six years to become a Jesuit priest , and the ethos of service sticks with him .
Voters elect stories , and his spoke to them : someone who knew what it was to rebuild a future .
They voted for him because a city of underdogs pulls for one of its own , be it a man running for high office or a football team composed of cast - offs made good .
" It feels good to root for an underdog , " Cao says .
Cao is the first Republican in his district to win a congressional seat in Louisiana since 1890 , and he was the only Republican to vote in favor of health care reform .
Most of his work is about helping New Orleans recover , and , recently , he started asking people to write in and explain what the New Orleans Saints mean to them .
He understands that the team means more to his constituents than other teams mean to those of other legislators .
Each week , he 'll read one of the love letters on the floor of the House of Representatives .
On Sunday , you 'll find him in front of a television .
He never misses a game .
Tradition
The soul of the city has been lined up in front of a curtained Bourbon Street restaurant for the past four hours .
It 's 9:30 in the morning , and everyone 's hoping for a coveted table for Friday lunch at Galatoire 's -- a culinary version of a Saints suite ticket .
Some wait for themselves , such as the gentleman working the Times crossword or the one in the mustard sport coat and black scarf reading the latest New Yorker .
Other people are placeholders -- house staff or local homeless folks -- who earn some cash by doing the hard part of getting in .
For big occasions , the placeholder will line up the night before and take home a grand or more .
The Friday lunch takes all day : drinks in the bar , then a long , boozy meal -- " wine - soaked , " it 's often called .
Regulars use the same waiter , who makes suggestions after checking out the fresh stocks .
Almost no one uses a menu .
Almost no one finishes in less than three hours .
It 's common for those at a table to look up , find the sun has gone down and order dinner at the same table .
The Galatoire 's double .
Passion for the 104 - year - old bistro runs deep .
A few years before the storm , the restaurant fired a beloved waiter named Gilberto for allegedly sexually harassing female employees .
As you can imagine , there was outrage .
No , not over the awful behavior but because regulars did n't want to eat without their waiter .
Customers wrote angry and unintentionally hilarious letters to The Times - Picayune demanding that Gilberto be rehired .
Local columnist Chris Rose put together a play titled " The Galatoire 's Monologues " in which the letters were read theatrically .
Performances sold out .
The newspaper reported an incident not long after : " Two slender and well - dressed men , unsmiling and wearing dark sunglasses , burst into the door of the restaurant and released a hundred helium - filled white balloons emblazoned with " WELOVEGILBERTO.COM . "
After the immediate shock of the storm , after the city had been evacuated and sat empty , I found myself wondering what was happening to Galatoire's .
What was happening to Commander 's Palace and to Igor 's , the 24 - hour - a - day bar , Laundromat , video arcade , pool hall and burger joint I love so much ?
Those questions were each a proxy for a single , more serious one : Was an entire way of life gone ?
Not to worry .
The sign on a battered Commander 's Palace while it was being repaired said it perfectly : " Yes , We Know What It Means . "
Four years later , the city 's culture remains intact .
People still mourn the places that did not return , and they love the ones that did even more intensely than before .
It 's getting close to lunchtime .
Tourists look at the well - dressed mixed in with the downtrodden -- like a combo investment bank and relief mission -- and try to figure out what 's going on .
A local writer waiting with friends sees my notebook and turns to me .
" You see this line ? " Ian McNulty says , pointing .
" The way people feel about food , that 's the way people feel about the Saints .
They wear our fleur - de - lis .
That 's a deep symbol of this city and its legacy .
It 's not a made - up animal character . "
An organic love
The soul of the city is in the Lower 9th Ward , in the classrooms of Carver High .
The school is still rebuilding , and the seniors are the first class to go to high school entirely after Katrina .
Students all write the same header for their school papers .
It 's the same in every class , every day , every year : name , period , date , teacher .
This year , they 've added a new category on their own .
Next to the date , the students write the Saints ' record .
So , today , it would be : Dec. 17 , 2009 .
13-0 .
Gratitude squared
The soul of the city is in the den of James Carville and Mary Matalin 's Uptown New Orleans home , full of intricate crown molding , an incredible collection of art and , periodically , a very famous cackle rising above the hum of conversation .
The good bourbon 's been poured and chairs have been pulled up and now , with jazz playing in the background , the real business begins : discussing politics .
Carville sits with his back to the wide front porch , and on his right is Walter Isaacson , native New Orleanian , best - selling author and former CEO of CNN .
On his left is Rita LeBlanc .
Anh " Joseph " Cao with daughter Betsy , then 4 , and wife Kate Hieu Hoang , won the 2nd Congressional District in New Orleans a year ago to become the first Vietnamese - American in Congress .
AP Photo / Alex Brandon
" The hero of New Orleans , " Isaacson says when LeBlanc sits down .
" She is our own saint . "
The three of them lead the conversation ; others listen over their shoulders , sliding chairs and ottomans to form a small circle .
They share opinions and laugh and take sips from their glasses of Maker 's Mark , Carville and Isaacson taking theirs on the rocks .
LeBlanc ?
She 's got hers neat , holding court with the big boys , straight up , no chaser .
She might be only 32 , but she 's tough as nails in a pair of Marni Mary Janes .
Yes , she is young .
Yes , her grandfather is Tom Benson , who became loathed in those confusing months after Katrina because people felt he wanted to take the team away from them .
Just after the storm , abandoned refrigerators full of rotted food appeared with a spray - painted message :
Do not open Tom Benson inside .
This is unfair -- he bought the team in 1985 to make sure it did n't leave the city , and what owner of a billion - dollar asset can be blamed for wanting to protect it ?
Regardless , after that long season of doubt --
" It looked like we were gonna lose them , " Archie Manning says -- Benson committed to keeping the team in New Orleans and turned control over to his granddaughter .
The Saints immediately sold out all the season tickets for the first time and almost made it to the Super Bowl .
LeBlanc is hopeful , proud , earnest and hardworking , traits the rebuilding city valued , and if fans felt unsure about Benson and his intentions toward New Orleans , they are over the moon about LeBlanc .
Rarely is someone loved so universally , from the conservative Uptown side streets to the flamboyant clubs of the Marigny .
Suddenly , the face of the team is a young woman who supports local charities , has friends all over the city , and knows how to make shrewd business decisions and shake it to the Ying Yang Twins .
She had them at crunk .
Earlier in the evening , when the party at Carville 's was jumping , Isaacson and LeBlanc talked in the corner beneath the staircase .
Like every other person at the party , Isaacson thanked her for the team 's gift to the city this fall .
LeBlanc told him about the family Mass they'd had in the Superdome before the Patriots game .
" We had three archbishops , " she said .
" You can never have too many archbishops , " Isaacson said .
" The Saints have been the single most important thing to bring the city together and make us realize why New Orleans is magical .
And it's why the good Lord is blessing us . "
He tells a story about Paul Tagliabue calling him just after the hurricane , asking whether the city could continue to support the team .
It might have been the most crucial phone call in the long history of the city because Isaacson told him , " I promise you New Orleans will love the Saints forever , because they will know that act of loyalty kept the city 's hope alive . "
He turns to LeBlanc , smiles and says , " And I really appreciate your family for that . "
Diversity
The soul of the city is on YouTube .
Endless local hip - hop songs have been written for this Saints team .
In addition to the jazz and food , New Orleans is home to a vibrant rap scene .
One of the most popular songs flying around the Internet is a fusion of hip - hop and traditional horn music , a track called " Bring ' Em to The Dome , " by Dee - 1 and Shamarr Allen .
The musicians are lifelong Saints fans and have watched the hits and downloads climb .
The numbers go up by a factor of 10 on Sundays and Mondays .
( The impact of Saints game day is something all New Orleanians must deal with ; this past Sunday , for instance , the Uptown restaurant Patois had 60 reservations before kickoff and one after . )
The popularity of the songs illustrates an important point :
The culture and fan base of the team is rooted in the neighborhoods , mostly blue collar and mostly African - American , that were most damaged by the storm .
New Orleans has but one Fortune 500 company ; regular people buy up all those seats .
Many suffered tremendously after the storm , so their excitement and engagement is a sign that things are getting right .
Dee - 1's lyrics hit on a lot of truths , none greater than the insane decibel level of the stadium :
Dome sounds like a 757 taking off .
Allen has played with the Rebirth Brass Band , with Willie Nelson and for Barack Obama .
His trumpet is a treasure of the city , like the dining room at Galatoire's .
He grew up in the Lower 9th Ward , and his family 's home , right in the line of fire of one of the broken levees , was destroyed .
He thinks that the sounds of New Orleans music , like the Saints , cut across all racial and economic lines .
New Orleans is a divided city -- with two exceptions .
" Music has the same effect as the team does right now , " he says .
" Brings a whole bunch of different people together .
Especially New Orleans brass band music .
You could see a whole bunch of different people from different walks of life , from different ethnic cultures .
The Saints are doing the same now . "
The respect that heals
Republican strategist Mary Matalin and Democratic strategist James Carville have an Uptown New Orleans home and love the Saints .
Alex Wong / Getty Images for Meet the Press
The soul of the city is in a football game three seasons ago , the return to the Superdome , on a Monday night when those of us who love New Orleans first realized the city would be back .
It was Sept. 25 , 2006 -- Payton 's and Brees ' first home game .
The Friday night before , Payton gathered his team in the empty stadium .
People had died there , just 13 months before .
The bodies were stored in a catering freezer .
The building seemed unfixable , and now the Saints stood at midfield .
On the video board , Payton played a movie about the hurricane .
It showed it all , the dark , dark water , the archipelago of rooftops , the fear on the faces of an abandoned city , the slow pan of the Humanity Street sign barely visible above the current .
It showed the Superdome with its roof almost torn off .
It showed a city that looked as though it would never return .
Then the video ended .
The players , standing at the center of a rebuilt stadium , all shiny and new , talked about what they had seen and how important they were to the people who would fill these seats the next night .
They understood .
The fans came early .
Green Day and U2 performed before the game , performed an old Scottish punk song " The Saints Are Coming , " then segued into " Beautiful Day . "
Bono changed the first verse , calling out neighborhoods , from Lakeview to the Lower 9th , singing " coming home to New Orleans . "
With each familiar reference , the crowd reaction intensified , going from simmer to full , rolling boil .
The game began and , less than two minutes in , the Saints blocked a punt and recovered for a touchdown .
One of my best friends , a chef who grew up in the city , sat on his couch in Mississippi and wept .
So did thousands of people in the Dome .
For 37 seconds , an eternity on television , the announcers stayed quiet , the only noise coming from the screaming of the crowd .
Thirty - seven seconds , while a city went completely and totally insane with joy .
The people in New Orleans would never forget who gave them that gift .
Pride
The soul of the city is frequently misunderstood .
We have all read stories about sports being a distraction for various disasters -- sports satirists make a living skewering this kind of absurdly sentimental over - simplification -- and we are so used to every moment of fandom being choreographed and sponsored .
The cliché narrative about the Saints wraps the team 's success together with the ongoing effort to move past Katrina .
Last week , I overheard a reporter based in New Orleans complaining about editors in New York adding a clause to his publication 's " Saints make city celebrate " story .
The added clause , paraphrased to save him any corporate trouble , had an impressive three ( possibly four ) cliches in 16 words , said the Saints ' success lifted a cloud of malaise that had hung over the city since the floodwaters receded and characterized the entire time in the city after Katrina as awful and , for good measure and redundancy , also depressed .
That 's not true , he said .
The city is not depressed , nor has it been for the past four years .
People talk about media bias as if it 's some conspiracy , and that 's not true either .
Media bias comes from assuming and not knowing .
And , in the case of New Orleans , people do n't know .
The Saints are n't encouraging people to rebuild , or providing comfort to a wounded city , or any of that .
They are showing the world what has been rebuilt .
Suffering
The soul of the city is still damaged .
That 's important to know .
Just because Katrina and its impact is misunderstood , that does n't mean it did n't change a generation , profoundly , in ways most do n't even understand .
On Friday afternoon , at a famous French Quarter bar that serves up glasses of that evil , green absinthe , a friend of LeBlanc 's told me her Katrina story , the moment when she thought everything she had known would be gone forever .
She 's well off , and her family got out , Saigon style , on a private plane just before the airports closed -- literally , they were the last flight to be cleared by the tower -- turboprops thumping , running away from the end of the world .
A few days later , while flying back over the city , she asked the pilot to point out New Orleans .
So , when the time came , he did .
She looked out the window and did n't see anything .
Everything was black .
The pilot checked the instruments , looked at the radar and confirmed , Ma'am , we are right over New Orleans .
Only , there was nothing to see but a desert of black .
The city was dead , powered down and full of water , and , for the first time , she felt true despair .
Every single New Orleanian has a story like that , and it lives deep inside of them .
" They just do n't talk about it , " she says .
Love , but not for the tender - hearted
The soul of the city is in white tablecloths , in large flotillas of china and silverware and shiny wine glasses , and in the big , well - lit rooms and world - class menus .
It is here , in Restaurant August , the flagship of chef John Besh .
The people who know about such things call this the best restaurant in the city , and they call Besh the best chef .
He 's also the archetype of the modern New Orleans leader .
Two things hang next to his bar .
One is a piece of art that says : " We Will Rise Again . "
The other is a story about Besh from The New York Times : " From disaster , a chef forges an empire . "
Just before the storm hit , he made a poorly timed decision : to buy out his partner at August .
He signed the papers , took on the debt and then watched as the city , his city , began to fill up with water .
Had he just lost everything ?
Maybe .
He certainly did n't know how he would pay his bills , or who would work in his kitchen if he could .
He fled .
" I had a beat - up Land Rover Defender , " he says , smiling now , " and I stuffed it full of champagne , crabmeat and caviar . "
Saints coach Sean Payton plays a leading role in the showing of post - Katrina success in New Orleans .
Al Messerschmidt / Getty Images
He left in a truck .
He came home in a boat , a former combat Marine packing heat .
He saw more than disaster .
He saw a call to action .
If there was going to be a new New Orleans , it would take commitment from the people who loved it .
" It was the Wild West , " he says .
" We were homesteaders in this city .
Only the tough are gonna survive .
Either you have to roll up your sleeves and get to work , or this is n't the city for you . "
So he stabilized his finances by securing contracts to feed the workers who had come to secure and rebuild the city .
Then he began opening new restaurants , expanding .
Others did the same thing .
" We 're the young leaders , " he says .
" The future is for us to decide .
You can't do that in any other city in America . "
Before the storm , he saw NFL owners in his restaurant .
Now , he sees players in all six of his places .
Brees brings teammates to a different Besh restaurant before each home game .
Team captains host dinners upstairs at August .
The O - line knows the ins and outs of the menu , and Reggie Bush , Besh says , knows the chefs working the kitchen .
" Shockey used to live upstairs , " Besh jokes , laughing .
" We 're glad he 's gone .
We kept losing hostesses . "
The point , he says , is that the team is invested in the city -- not just at his restaurants but all over town .
The players know that you get roast beef po-boys at Domilise 's and that you get fried oyster po-boys at Parkway .
They do n't just take ; they support those businesses that support them .
Only in New Orleans is eating an unhealthy meal an act of civic duty .
" We have little gems in this city , " Besh says .
" They 've delved into it .
They understand it .
These guys have become part of the community . "
That 's not an accident .
LeBlanc and Benson told Brees and Payton before signing them up : " You can't come here and not love the city and not understand your part of rebuilding New Orleans . "
Brees works tirelessly in the community and , in a simple but powerful statement , became one of the first prominent Saints since Manning to buy a house in Uptown instead of the suburbs often favored by athletes .
People in New Orleans like to see if you get it :
Are you one of the folks who comes to call Creole food Cajun , mispronounce the name of the city and vomit in Bourbon Street gutters , or do you love the city for the same reasons they do .
" Ninety percent of people who come up to me on the street do n't say , ' Great game , ' " Brees told reporters his first year in town .
" They say , ' Thank you for being part of the city . ' "
All of them -- Besh , LeBlanc , Brees , Payton , Bush -- they are all part of this first generation of post - Katrina successful New Orleanians .
They are building a city from scratch , and people see them every day , working , adopting charities , enjoying life , sitting at the next table or listening to the same band .
Katrina almost destroyed the city but , if you look closely , you 'll find that it did something else :
It strengthened it , made the people who loved it love it even more .
Everyone left the city , so no one is here because of inertia .
They chose to come back .
" With all of my being , I think the new New Orleans is gonna be the best New Orleans , " Besh says .
" The hurricane played a major role in the evolution of this city and this culture -- and not only to its detriment .
We do n't like lukewarm here . "
Indomitable hope
The soul of the city is the frame of a foundation on an empty lot .
LeBlanc and I are driving through the neighborhoods she knew as a child , and the construction catches her off guard .
" Someone 's building , " she says .
" Wow . "
This lot is where a red - brick house once stood .
Her mom lived there , a friend was engaged there , it was home to many of her New Orleans memories .
The storm killed the house , and when she found out it had been torn down , she drove out there and walked through the wreckage .
She bent over and picked up a piece of broken tile , a souvenir , a holy relic of a life lost .
But something stopped her , made her put it back down and drive away empty - handed .
Now , she slows her car and comes to a stop .
She reaches into her bag and gets her camera .
Only , she does n't want a picture of the new house .
" Look at the sky , " she says .
" It 's extraordinary . "
It is , indeed -- purple and two different shades of blue , rays of pink and yellow , backlit clouds that rise forever .
She takes a series of pictures , trying to capture the hope of this sky on film .
Faith
The soul of the city is on the left hand of the statue of Jesus behind the St. Louis Cathedral , arms spread , his thumb and forefinger missing .
Men and women of the church see the work of God in those missing digits .
In the hours before Katrina made landfall , it churned directly toward the city , the first outer bands of the storm pounding rain and wind , a big Category 5 that seemed intent on -- and capable of -- destroying New Orleans once and for all .
Only , something happened .
Luck ?
A miracle ?
Who knows ?
But at the last moment , Katrina downgraded to a 3 and turned north , avoiding a direct hit .
The only part of the statue damaged was the thumb and forefinger ; Jesus , some believe , flicked the storm away .
" For 214 years , Catholicism has existed here , " says the Most Rev. Gregory Aymond .
" It is part of the city .
I do n't think it's an accident that the team was named the Saints . "
Aymond was born here and was installed as archbishop less than a month before the Saints ' first game this season .
It 's Sunday morning , two hours before kickoff , and he 's getting ready for 11 a.m.
Mass .
The cathedral fills up with worshippers , the organ sending spiritual songs out into the square , blessing the tarot readers and artists and mimes .
Ship captains sailing down the river across the street see the three spires , and if they 're close enough , they can read the time on the clock .
Aymond sees the Benson family at services , and he has performed the Mass the owners have every Sunday in the Superdome for themselves and guests .
" I pray for all the saints , " he says , " those in heaven and those who will be on the field . "
There is great faith here , and living in the breach , under different flags , has taught each generation that suffering is as much a part of life as great feasts and celebration .
The joy of Mardi Gras cannot exist without the sacrifice of Lent .
" In our 214 years of Catholicism here , look what the city 's been through , " Aymond says .
" Yellow fever epidemics .
Floods .
Significant hurricanes .
Some troubled times athletically and politically .
We are a people who persevere .
We always rise up and start again . "
Loyalty
The soul of the city is in the Sunday edition of The Times - Picayune .
There are all sorts of ways to measure people 's devotion to local , but one of them is that year after year , a higher percentage of residents read the Times - Pic than any other residents in the country read their hometown paper .
Linux is famous for being ‚open source ‘ in that the source code for Linux plus all the applications is normally available for those who want to view or modify it .
However , not all Linux programs are Open Source .
Some are ‚closed source ‘ in that the developers who create it would like to keep how they created it a ’ secret ‘ .
The argument here is that the company or developers have invested time and money in creating a program , charge for their work so why should they go releasing the code to any Tom Dick and Harry .
Personally I have no issues with this , there are some good programs for Linux which are closed source .
One such program is the flight simulator X - Plane .
X - Plane is a paid for program and the 6 dvd set contains versions for Linux , Mac and Windows .
It is in my opinion the best flight sim available for the PC .
X - Plane contains subsonic and supersonic flight dynamics , allowing users to predict the flight characteristics of the slowest aircraft to the fastest .
X - Plane includes thirty - five aircraft on its master disk , spanning the aviation industry ( and its history ) , sporting aircraft from the Bell 206 JetRanger and Cessna 172 to the supersonic SR - 71 and the Space Shuttle .
Additionally , more than 1,400 additional aircraft models ( such as those at X - Plane.org ) can be downloaded from the Internet , nearly all of which are free .
If those are n’t enough , users can design their own airplanes and test fly them !.
To Install X - Plane on Ubuntu 9.10 , hereis a great article working through installation X - plane on Ubuntu linux 9.10 .
For other distributions see this page .
Mr. Geithner responded calmly that he thought he had served the country “ as carefully as I can ” and would continue to do so as long as the president desired .
But President Obama ’s top economic officials have been dogged by complaints that they have been too quick to help the banking industry and not responsive enough to the plight of ordinary Americans who are suffering from high unemployment and a housing collapse .
The hearing on Wednesday was convened after the committee ’s senior Republican member , Darrell Issa of California , obtained e-mail messages that suggested the Federal Reserve Bank of New York had prevented A.I.G. from revealing certain facts about the bailout in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
That made the possibility of a cover - up the latest flash point in the A.I.G. bailout drama .
Previous points of contention have been the payment of sizable executive bonuses , and the fact that when the New York Fed first lent $ 85 billion to A.I.G. , about $ 30 billion of it ultimately went to a group of big American and foreign banks .
Mr. Geithner , who was president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York when the bailout began in September 2008 , has been battered by Congressional panels over each issue , but has not gone off message .
In a nutshell , he has maintained that the bailout was a tragic necessity , and that Congress should legislate financial reforms to prevent another one .
With respect to the e-mail messages about S.E.C. disclosure , at least , Mr. Geithner said he was the wrong person to consult .
He was named President - elect Obama ’s Treasury secretary in late November 2008 , and had recused himself by the time those messages were sent .
Chris Floyd Published : 22 December 2009 Hits : 9340
This sounds like something Mikhail Bulgakov might have written , deep in the sinister phantasmagoria of the Stalinist night .
From the Israeli service ynetnews.com :
One of the large mental health hospitals in Israel was recently surprised to receive a young , good - looking patient in a psychotic state who was accompanied by a personal security guard , Yedioth Ahronoth reported on Sunday .
The doctors , who asked why the woman was accompanied by a guard , were shocked to learn that she was a Mossad agent and that the security guard was not assigned to her in order assure her safety or protect her life , but to ensure that she not reveal any state secrets in her shaky mental state .
The Mossad guard 's orders were clear : " It is forbidden that the organization 's secrets be passed on to those unauthorized to hear them . "
The doctors , who are unaccustomed to the presence of a third party during their treatment sessions , were left with no choice but to acquiesce to their demands .
In addition , the staff had to receive a security clearance before being allowed to work on her exceptional case .
To their complete amazement , another young woman , also accompanied by a secret agent charged with ensuring that the she not leak any state secrets , arrived at the institution just a short time later .
The doctors learned that she , too , is a Mossad agent .
Crews worked into the night to seal the leak and keep the oil that had already escaped from spreading .
They deployed 4,000 feet of booms in the vicinity of the tanker Eagle Otome and the barge that put a 15 - by - 8 - foot gash in one of its starboard compartments near the bow .
The two vessels remained entangled Saturday night .
Only one compartment of the double - hulled tanker was compromised .
“ It 's in a fairly boxed - in area now , ” said Ross Penton , assistant regional director for Texas ' General Land Office .
“ That 's good news .
It 's a very cut - off part of the channel .
Our deal tonight is contain , contain , contain . ”
While 11,000 barrels — about 450,000 gallons — were missing from the Otome 's tanks , officials hoped much of it was trapped within the ship 's outer hull .
Jefferson County Emergency Management Coordinator Greg Fountain said he believed about 1,000 barrels , or 42,000 gallons , ended up in the river .
An additional 10,000 feet of containment booms were on standby .
Special vessels designed to skim oil were expected to be used today in an effort to intercept the oil before it spreads into nearby lakes and marshes .
Environmentalists consider the wetlands especially sensitive because they serve as home to juvenile shrimp and fin fish .
“ It 's really a question of keeping it off the wetlands and more fragile ecosystems , ” said Houston - based environmental attorney Jim Blackburn .
“ With a little bit of luck and some good planning , I think the chances of containment with minimal damage are pretty good . ”
The 807 - foot Eagle Otome was carrying crude oil to a nearby Exxon refinery when it inexplicably lost power about 10 a.m. Saturday .
The drifting ship collided with one of two chemical - laden barges being pushed by the tugboat Dixie Vengeance .
Neither the second barge nor the tug was damaged , and none of the barges ' chemicals were released .
No injuries were reported .
Waterway at standstill
The oil spill brought a halt to all traffic along the Sabine - Neches Waterway on Port Arthur 's riverfront .
“ This is very upsetting to us , ” said Capt .
Richard Russell of AET
Tankers , the company that owns the Eagle Otome , which was delivering crude oil from Pemex , the Mexican national oil company .
“ We have the whole width and breadth of the company attacking this . ”
Despite initial fears that caused the evacuation of residents living within 28 blocks of the spill , and the certainty of some adverse environmental impact , officials were hoping that the spill would not spread much beyond the two - mile area first affected .
Modest winds were helping the containment efforts , and the warm water meant the oil would not congeal as it did when the Exxon Valdez hit a reef and spilled 11 million gallons of crude into Alaska 's Prince William Sound in March 1989 .
“ This is nowhere near the Exxon Valdez , ” Coast Guard spokesman Lionel Bryant said .
Federal , state and local officials converged near the collision site , which was within sight of shore , but no one could say how much progress would be made today or how much economic or environmental damage will be inflicted .
“ So many goods come in and out of there , ” Coast Guard Petty Officer Renee Aiello said .
“ The ( Port Arthur ) port is of great importance to Houston . ”
Oil being transferred
At least some of the crude remaining in the Eagle Otome was offloaded , Aiello said .
The ship can hold up to 30 million gallons of crude ; officials did not know how much it carried or how much , if any , was still on board .
The company said it already had its own contractors on site to assist in the cleanup .
“ It 's our ship and our product , and we 'll clean it up to the state and Coast Guard 's satisfaction , ” said AET spokesman Darrell Wilson .
“ The Coast Guard will conduct an investigation , which they always do , and we 're fully participating in that investigation . ”
So far the Coast Guard has called in four 25 - foot response boats , an 87 - foot cutter , a heli­copter and significant additional personnel .
Coast Guard Capt . J.J. Plunkett was hesitant to predict how long the cleanup will take .
“ It 's very difficult right now to estimate that , ” Plunkett said .
“ If Mother Nature cooperates , it could be short .
If not , it could be long .
We are working to get it cleaned up , address safety concerns and get commerce moving .
Right now , our assessment of the situation is that it 's stable , but that could change . ”
Texas Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson said he plans to visit the site today and fly over the spill .
“ This is the most serious oil spill since we began the Oil Spill and Prevention Program at the Texas General Land Office in 1991 , ” Patterson said .
“ Our teams are working closely with the U.S. Coast Guard in a unified command to get this situation taken care of quickly .
We hope to contain this spill while these hydrogen sulfide fumes dissipate overnight .
Right now the tides and the winds are in our favor , but that could change .
That 's why containment is the key . ”
As of Saturday night , 118 residents from the 28 - block area evacuated by Port Arthur authorities had checked into a shelter set up at the Port Arthur Senior and Recreation Center on Ninth Avenue .
The city provided free medical care .
The high - sulfur crude that spilled carries the overpowering odor of rotten eggs .
That odor sickened many people , including Port Arthur Mayor Deloris Prince .
She was at a city event when the odor reached downtown .
Residents of an apartment complex about a mile downwind from the accident complained of the smell and worried for their health .
They were asked to keep their windows closed and to turn off air conditioning .
Many were seeking alternative shelter .
“ It stinks horrible , and I grew up around the refineries , ” said Leona Granger , 34 .
Ships backing up
Neighbor Freida Hayward , 42 , was worried about herself and her three daughters .
“ I got a headache .
I 'm itchy , ” Hayward said .
“ My chest has been hurting and I 'm nauseous .
It smells like rotten , rotten eggs . ”
An extended closure of the channel would be disastrous to the local economy and could have an impact on gasoline prices nationwide .
The Sabine - Neches Waterway is the region 's liquid and economic link with the world , with half the jobs in Jefferson County directly or indirectly linked to its commerce .
The waterway is responsible for $ 4.7 billion in personal income and $ 1.3 billion in federal , state and local taxes .
Plunkett said that some ships were still queued up , waiting to bring products into the channel .
Exxon Mobil statement
Texas and Louisiana are home to roughly 40 percent of the nation 's nearly 18 million barrels per day of refining capacity , and the Port Arthur area has some of the country 's biggest fuel - making complexes .
One belongs to Exxon Mobil and can produce 344,500 barrels per day .
“ Exxon Mobil is very concerned about this unfortunate incident , ” the company said in a prepared statement Saturday night .
“ The vessels we charter to transport our products meet rigorous safety standards .
We continue to monitor the shipowners ' response efforts to minimize the effects on local communities and the environment .
We are in communication with the appropriate local authorities and are prepared to provide assistance to the responders .
We do not anticipate an impact to our operations at the Beaumont refinery . ”
Staff writers Mike Tolson , Brett Clanton and Jennifer Radcliffe contributed to this report , which also includes material from the Beaumont Enterprise .
paige.hewitt@chron.com
dane.schiller@chron.com
While I ’m disgusted with the level of banker ’s bonuses and with the obscene leverage practices
financial institutions undertook , I do not think the answer to how we clean up them up now is to pile on yet more regulation .
To be sure , banks that helped bring down the world economy and then subsequently got bailed out by the taxpayers should not be making billions of dollars in bonuses , especially while the middle class is suffering so greatly .
And if we ’re going to keep the FDIC in effect , a certain amount of regulation is required to protect taxpayer - backed deposits .
But the real remedy does not rest with government , as it was their consistent meddling with markets that engendered the crisis to begin with .
The root cause of the credit crisis did not emanate from banks .
It was from the government which manipulated the cost of money and its supply .
If banks are given a virtual unlimited amount of money for free , they will find a way to lend it out .
That ’s what banks do .
Also , the demand for money on the part of consumers and the enterprise becomes distorted due to artificially produced low interest rates .
As a result the money supply booms and asset bubbles are created .
Capital then becomes stretched and balance sheets become overleveraged .
Yes , bankers acted irresponsibly and I am in no way exculpated them from their bad behavior .
But our central bank gave them the kerosene and then lit the fuse .
How can the subsequent explosion of their balance sheets really come as a surprise ?
But the government does not have any incentive to relinquish control of how much money is in circulation and what interest rate it should carry .
That is where they derive a great portion of their power and influence .
Therefore , the solution deemed appropriate on the part of government will be ; to tax financial institutions , to place a size limit on banks in order to avoid the too big to fail concept , regulate the trading practices on money derived from deposits and to impose arbitrary and capricious capital requirements .
To be sure , no amount of regulation will be able to abrogate greed , but it will instead serve as an example of the law of unintended consequences .
Banks got into trouble and then the government bailed them out .
Now the government thinks they own them .
But it wo n't stop with increased fees and regulations .
They actually want to dictate the lending practices of banks and force them to write down the principal of their loans .
Just listen to Robert Weissman ( the President of Public Citizen ) who appeared with me on CNBC ’s “ The Call ” on Thursday January 21st .
Unfortunately , his views are also shared by James B. Lockhart , who is the former Director of the Oversight Board of the Federal Housing Finance Agency ( the regulator of FNM and FRE ) .
But this slippery slope of statist intervention wo n’t reverse course until there is a renaissance of markets and a repudiation of government manipulation on the part of American citizens .
However , at this juncture we are going full speed ahead in the wrong direction .
The truth is that greed cannot be regulated and banks will find a way around virtually any government led attempt to fetter risk taking .
The reality maybe hard to come to terms with but the global experiment with having money created by fiat and interest rates that are set by decree is a miserable failure .
Interest rates must be derived through the market function of the demand for money vs. the supply of savings .
And money should be backed by something other than a push of a button .
Our founding fathers were correct when they provided in the constitution guarantees that our money should only consist of gold and silver .
They were afraid of relinquishing the value of our currency to politicians and bankers , who they knew would destroy the middle class by eroding the purchasing power of their money .
By having the money supply backed by gold we can finally eliminate the Federal Reserve and the bailout nation it brought about .
Banks will lend out money much more prudently , as there will be no longer be a central bank “ Put ” waiting in the wings .
Businesses must also be allowed to fail .
Finally , we will be spared from the rampant creation of money , which always finds its way to the elite in society first .
Unless we recognize that fact , bankers will grow fatter on bonuses as the chasm between the very rich and poor grows deeper .
The devastation of the middle class will continue and this current economic malaise will only become exacerbated by a steady incursion of the state into the affairs of markets .
Michael Pento
Senior Market Strategist
Delta Global Advisors
866-772-1198
mpento@deltaga.com
Since AT&T had dominion over electrically coupled modems , acoustically coupled modems such as this Novation CAT were the alternative for consumers
Their arrival heralded a new age of communications and they played a major role in the explosion of the internet .
We 're talking , of course , about modems .
Here we look back on the development of this remarkable device .
When the US Air Force needed a convenient way of transmitting hundreds of radar images to command centres during the Cold War in the late 1940s they turned to the telephone system as a solution .
Fortunately modems , already in action in Teletype since the 1920s , were the perfect tool for taking the digital radar images and converting them into analogue transmissions and then back again so that they could be sent across the network of telephone systems already in place .
FIRST MODEM : AT&T 's 1958 modem .
Not exactly your small , white unobtrusive box of today , is it ?
[ Image credit : AT&T ]
The modulator - demodulator , aka the modem , was enhanced by Bell Laboratories to improve upon the Teletype speed of approximately 150 bits per second ( bps ) .
It was in 1962 that the first commercial modem , the Bell 103 , was released by AT&T .
Including full - duplex transmission , frequency - shift keying ( FSK ) and a speed of 300 bps ( baud ) .
These modems were designed to hold a telephone 's receiver in a cradle with wire connections running from the cradle to the computer .
BIT BY BIT : The Bell 103 modem that ran at 300 bits per second [ Image credit : www.velocityguide.com]
To grab a bit of perspective on the actual speed of these modems , consider that a letter consists of eight bits .
A speed of 300 bits meant that this modem could only send out around 30 letters a second .
It was also in the 1960s that Paul Taylor , building upon the work of James C Marsters and Robert Weitbrecht , developed the world 's first telecommunications device for the deaf using an acoustic modem .
CONNECTED : The Miniprint 425 TDD telecommunications device for the deaf
The spread of bulletin board systems ( BBS ) meant that users were soon demanding greater speeds to transfer larger files and images and market demand led to the development of the V.22 or Bell 212 modem at 1200 baud .
ONLINE : Using a 1200 baud modem to access the BBS at one of Canada 's largest universities [ Image credit : dblackadder ]
This modem delivered more characters and introduced a very simple data compression that worked well with text but did n't have great results with images .
Running along in the background was also some hefty legal action and competition as AT&T initially prevented customers from connecting devices from other companies to their telephone lines .
However , thanks to Tom Carter the Carterfone Decision of 1968 soon saw this unfair advantage taken away from AT&T .
" While we could visualize what should be possible and how it could change the shape of the communications industry , our first thought , however , was for self preservation ...
I approached a number of communications equipment manufacturers for financial support , but they were all afraid of jeopardizing current or potential Bell contracts , " said Tom .
After he won the case the market was suddenly left wide open with companies like General Electric entering the field with glee .
As humans , we naturally want to know what others think of us , either to boost our egos or to help us know what skills we need to work on .
Failin.gs puts the concept of brutal honesty to the test by letting you post opinions from those who know you , without revealing who says what .
Basically , failin.gs wants to help you answer that age - old question :
“ What do people think of me , really ? ”
Create a profile , blast your social networks , connect with friends ( and critique them too ) !
Do n’t worry , you can easily make your profile completely private so you ’re the only one that can see your feedback .
Recomment interested website :
President Obama ’s State of the Union address soared  right over a familiar cliff .
The president simply could n’t seem to escape his professorial past , to convey his passion and convictions in the plain words of plain folks , and to breach the chasm between the People ’s House and people ’s houses .
He ’s still stuck on studious .
He seems to believe that if he does a better job of explaining his aggressive agenda , then he ’ll win hearts and minds .
It ’s an honorable ambition , but it ’s foolhardy .
People want clear goals , clearly defined and clearly ( and concisely ) conveyed .
They ’re suspicious of complexity .
H.L. Mencken once famously opined , “ No one in this world has ever lost money by underestimating the intelligence of the great masses of the plain people .
Nor has anyone ever lost public office thereby . ” I take exception to that .
But if you change “ intelligence ” to “ attention span , ” I agree wholeheartedly .
Republicans know this well .
Obama knows it not .
Take the enormous health care bill for instance .
The president overreached , pushing a convoluted bill with a convoluted message .
The Republican response : “ Just say no . ”
They countered with a series of crisp attacks that shrouded the bill in a fog of confusion .
Now it ’s in danger , and the public may well blame the Democrats .
People do n’t care as much about process as they do about results .
Huge thanks to Matt from Brawl in the Family for this week ’s guest strip as well as his guest appearance on the podcast this week .
It ’s always nice to get to know other webcomic creators , but it ’s especially nice to find one as friendly and talented as Matt .
We ’ll definitely have to get him back on the podcast again , and if you ’re all nice enough in the comments , he might even do another guest strip some day !
Anyway , I ’m a big fan of this strip for its wonderful expressions and relevance to past podcast episodes .
I also attribute Tim ’s apparent chubbiness in the first panel to ‘ creative license ’ rather than ‘ rapid weight gain ’ , although if I keep having so much with my new PS3 , it just might come true !
That was great , Matt – I ’m impressed with how well you successfully merged both sites into this strip – though I ca n’t say I would ever expect anything less from you .
Well done .
Misdiagnosis Attorneys Serving Colorado , Oklahoma , and Wyoming
The misdiagnosis of a disease , illness , or medical condition can be a devastating experience for the patient and his or her family .
At The Mahoney Law Firm , P.C. , we provide experienced and effective legal services to those who are now facing a tragic illness as well as the family members who have lost a loved one through a misdiagnosis .
We understand that people are often feeling confused and angry about how such a mistake can happen .
Has your health or the health of someone you care about been impacted by the misdiagnosis or late diagnosis of a medical condition ?
Please contact a lawyer from The Mahoney Law Firm , P.C. today to arrange your complimentary case evaluation .
When a Misdiagnosis Impacts Your Life
Our firm helps individuals and families who are facing a misdiagnosis or late diagnosis of a medical condition .
In most circumstances , a timely diagnosis could have prevented the illness from progressing , or could even have saved a life .
If you have lost a loved one because of misdiagnosis , we can help .
We can also discuss with you our role in pursuing a wrongful death settlement .
The Mahoney Law Firm , P.C. helps people whose lives are affected by a misdiagnosis related to the following :
Failure to diagnose blood clots
Failure to diagnose pulmonary embolism or deep vein thrombosis ( DVT )
Failure to diagnose cauda equina syndrome
Misdiagnosis of a serious medical condition can be the result of a single act of negligence or can be the culmination of several events .
Mistakes can include lab errors , miscommunication among medical staff , radiological errors , and even the doctor simply failing to inform the patient of the condition .
Our firm has the knowledge and resources to fully investigate and uncover the negligent act .
Please contact us to schedule your complimentary case evaluation and learn how we can help you .
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
The director of The Shawshank Redemption , Frank Darabont , will be behind a new TV series adapted from zombie comic books .
Today Variety reports that the eleven volume series , The Walking Dead by Robert Kirkman and Tony Moore , will be put onto the small screen by Darabont and Gale Anne Hurd .
The series will follow survivor of a zompocolypse ( we ’re testing that one out ) called Rick Grimes as he tries to lead his family to safety , dodging zombies at every turn .
While the success of Charlie Brooker ’s Dead Set will be infecting our screens for a second series , we ’re wondering if a bigger scale zombie show could work on TV .
High concept productions do n’t seem to last long on TV anymore , flaming out around the second season * cough * Dollhouse * cough * .
Walking Dead be first aired in America on AMC and it ’s a bit early to speculate which UK channel , if any , will pick up the show .
Zombies and vampires seem to be getting a fair bit of airtime but we think the next big cult show should be either pirates or robots .
-- John Kemp is a Reuters columnist .
The views expressed are his own --
LONDON , Nov 11 ( Reuters ) - Nothing illustrates technology ’s power to transform the energy outlook more clearly than the development of the Barnett shale gas deposit under the city of Fort Worth in Texas .
[ ID :nLB663660 ]
The resulting increase in U.S. gas output has made a decisive contribution to the “ unexpected boom ” in North American gas production and the emergence of a worldwide “ gas glut , ” cited by the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) in its World Economic Outlook ( WEO ) .
It may be hard to remember now , but it is less than five years since the Hirsch Report , prepared for the U.S. Department of Energy , warned that previous optimism about gas supplies “ turns out to have been misplaced ” and “ supply difficulties are almost certain for at least the remainder of the decade . ”
" Gas production in the United States now appears to be in permanent decline , " according to senior analysts cited in the report .
Hirsch urged policymakers to learn lessons from " peak gas " and be ready to deal with the disruption caused by " peak oil " ( here ) .
Instead , dry gas production has soared from 18.5 trillion cubic feet ( tcf ) in 2005 to 20.4 tcf in 2008 , and is on course to hit 21 tcf in 2009 ( the highest since 1973 - 74 ) .
Much of the surge has come from rapid growth in shale gas .
While total U.S. gas production rose 1,288 billion cubic feet ( bcf ) between 2007 and 2008 ( 6.7 percent ) , the shale component leapt by 838 bcf ( 70 percent ) and accounted for two - thirds of total growth .
BARNETT AND OTHER PLAYS
Shale resources are enormous .
Proven reserves stood at 32.8 tcf in 2008 , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) .
But the total recoverable resource is estimated AT 600- 750 tcf , distributed widely across the continental United States . ( here )
Several big shale plays are being developed , including Marcellus in the Northeast and Appalachia ; Fayetteville in Arkansas - Oklahoma ; and Haynesville in northern Louisiana - eastern Texas .
But the biggest development has been Barnett in North Texas . ( here )
Barnett production soared from 380 bcf in 2004 to 1,563 bcf in 2008 , according to the Texas Railroad Commission ( TRC ) which regulates the industry , and is still climbing .
Between 2007 and 2008 , increased output from Barnett ( 481 bcf ) accounted for more than a third of the increase in all natural gas production nationwide .
Barnett ’s development is probably the single most important factor confounding predictions of a gas peak .
It is not even the largest potential play ( Marcellus and Haynesville are each thought to have more than five times as much recoverable gas ) .
Barnett was merely developed first .
The IEA has called it the “ birthplace of the revolution . ”
What makes Barnett extraordinary is that the counties at the play ’s “ core ” ( Wise , Tarrant , Johnson and Denton ) include some heavily built up urban areas , including a part of the Dallas - Forth Worth metroplex .
Vast quantities of gas are being extracted from directly beneath a city .
Barnett had a total of 12,135 wells at the start of September 2009 according to the TRC .
( here )
Many were drilled in urban environments .
( here ) .
TECHNOLOGY CHALLENGES
Extracting gas from shale presents formidable technical challenges :
(1) Shale formations and gas resources are widely distributed ( so the risk of drilling a completely dry well is lower ) but the gas is less concentrated than in conventional fields ( so many more wells have to be drilled to obtain the same amount of gas ) .
(2) In a conventional oil or gas field , hydrocarbons are held in a porous reservoir rock and “ flow ” to the bottom of the well , initially under natural field pressure , later supplemented by the injection of water or other fluids to maintain as natural pressure falls .
But shale is not porous so gas does not naturally flow towards the well .
In fact , shale is so impermeable it often forms the “ cap ” over the top of conventional gas and oil reservoirs that prevents conventional hydrocarbons escaping to the surface and allows them to be recovered in commercial quantities .
In some instances , the “ new ” shale fields actually lie on top of conventional gas and oil reservoirs .
Wells have already been drilled down through the shale to access the conventional gas and oil beneath .
(3) Shale production brings vast amounts of briny water to the surface which must be disposed of without ruining local drinking water supplies .
Ahmet Yildiz ( pictured ) , the gay Turkish physics student , was gunned down outside his apartment in Istanbul in what ’s believed to be the country ’s first honor killing .
The suspect ?
His own father , who prosecutors allege traveled over 500 miles to hunt him down .
“ The young physics student , Ahmet Yildiz , was one of the few openly gay men in Turkey , a country in which the military , the guardian of Turkey ’s secular state , regards homosexuality as a disorder .
Yildiz represented his country at a gay meeting in San Francisco and wrote for gay publications in Turkey .
Observers believe his activism is probably what got him killed .
His boyfriend , Ibrahim Can , was in their shared apartment when Yildiz was murdered .
He wanted to go out and buy some ice cream , he went down and just got into his car and I heard gunshots , he says .
I looked down from the window I saw him being ambushed .
He says he ran outside and screamed ‘ Please do not die . ’
Can said his eyes were closed , when I shouted he opened for a second , he looked at me and then closed his eyes .
Can says before the shooting , Yildiz had repeatedly filed complaints at the local prosecutor ’s office that he was receiving death threats from his family .
Gay rights groups claim the prosecutor ’s office did not investigate or provide Yildiz with protection . ”
An online memorial blog has been set up here .
[ VOA News ]
VEGEMITE has gone halal in a bid by food giant Kraft to make the national " treasure " available to Muslim Australians .
The label on Australia 's most famous spread has changed in recent months to include halal certification in a move some have described as " ridiculous " political correctness .
" Islamic communities are proud Australians and they want to be able to eat our national icon as well , " Kraft spokesman Simon Talbot said .
" We do n't own Vegemite .
The people of Australia own Vegemite .
We 're just the custodians and we want to make sure Vegemite is available for everyone . "
Muslim leaders have congratulated Kraft for introducing the labels , but Family Council of Victoria secretary Bill Muehlenberg questioned the company 's motives .
" This is a private company trying to make money , " Mr Muehlenberg said .
" I do n't think they care a rip about offending the tastebuds of Muslims .
" Why do we have to keep bending over backwards to please minority groups ?
There are only 300,000 Muslims in Australia out of 22 million people , which is a very small percentage .
" Of course , there 's a case for making allowances for different cultures , but are n't we getting a bit carried away with political correctness here ?
It 's ridiculous . "
Mr Muehlenberg feared the halal labelling was also a sign of " Islamisation " of western countries .
" We 're already seeing sharia law courts operating in Britain , " he said .
" Where does it end ? "
Since the labels were changed in August , Kraft 's head office has received regular phone calls from people complaining about the halal labelling on Vegemite .
" People have called us with some fairly strong views about Australian society and culture , " Mr Talbot said .
" These are views that we at Kraft do n't agree with .
We do n't engage in racist or bigoted commentary .
" But for every call we receive asking about it , there is a call to say how proud they are to see it 's halal .
We are also proud of our kosher , halal and vegetarian products . "
Vegemite has been certified kosher for more than a decade .
When Kraft decided to scrap kosher Vegemite production in 2004 , the backlash from Jewish consumers forced the company to do a backflip .
Yasser Soliman , Islamic Council of Victoria past - president and executive director of Diversity Connect International , said the halal certification on Vegemite was a sign Muslims were " becoming more Aussie " .
Stevie Nicks Says Harry Styles ' Is Definitely in the Running ' for Mini -Series on ' Rhiannon ' Folklore
On Tuesday , Microsoft acknowledged and took responsibility for the theft of code belonging to Plurk.com , although the company also said it was the work of a Chinese vendor .
On Tuesday , Microsoft acknowledged and took responsibility for the theft of code belonging to Plurk.com , although the company also said it was the work of a Chinese vendor .
Plurk had previously with pictures and code that the company had said proved that Microsoft 's Chinese microblogging site , Juku , had stolen code and design elements .
Microsoft said it would be suspending access to the " Juku beta indefinitely " .
" On Monday , December 14 , questions arose over a beta application called Juku developed by a Chinese vendor for our MSN China joint venture , " a Microsoft spokesman said in an email .
" We immediately worked with our MSN China joint venture to investigate the situation .
" The vendor has now acknowledged that a portion of the code they provided was indeed copied , " the Microsoft spokesman added .
" This was in clear violation of the vendor 's contract with the MSN China joint venture , and equally inconsistent with Microsoft 's policies respecting intellectual property . "
Microsoft stated that it was a company " that respected intellectual property , " and that it typically provided " strong language " in its contracts protecting the rights of others .
" We are obviously very disappointed , but we assume responsibility for this situation , " Microsoft said .
" We apologize to Plurk and we will be reaching out to them directly to explain what happened and the steps we have taken to resolve the situation .
" In the wake of this incident , Microsoft and our MSN China joint venture will be taking a look at our practices around applications code provided by third - party vendors , " the company concluded .
As of Tuesday afternoon , Plurk had not responded to Microsoft 's statements .
It intially requested that its blog post be transalted and widely disseminated ; by Tuesday , the company has posted translations in Chinese , Russian , Spanish , Bahasa , and Japanese .
In November , Microsoft acknowledged improperly incorporating open - source code into a Windows 7 download tool .
The company agreed to provide the source code to the community .
In my Reflection of January 14 , two days after the catastrophe in Haiti , which destroyed that neighboring sister nation , I wrote : " In the area of healthcare and others the Haitian people has received the cooperation of Cuba , even though this is a small and blockaded country .
Approximately 400 doctors and healthcare workers are helping the Haitian people free of charge .
Our doctors are working every day at 227 of the 237 communes of that country .
On the other hand , no less than 400 young Haitians have been graduated as medical doctors in our country .
They will now work alongside the reinforcement that traveled there yesterday to save lives in that critical situation .
Thus , up to one thousand doctors and healthcare personnel can be mobilized without any special effort ; and most are already there willing to cooperate with any other State that wishes to save Haitian lives and rehabilitate the injured . "
" The head of our medical brigade has informed that ' the situation is difficult but we are already saving lives . ' "
Hour after hour , day and night , the Cuban health professionals have started to work nonstop in the few facilities that were able to stand , in tents , and out in the parks or open - air spaces , since the population feared new aftershocks .
The situation was far more serious than was originally thought .
Tens of thousands of injured were clamoring for help in the streets of Port - au - Prince ; innumerable persons laid , dead or alive , under the rubbled clay or adobe used in the construction of the houses where the overwhelming majority of the population lived .
Buildings , even the most solid , collapsed .
Besides , it was necessary to look for the Haitian doctors who had graduated at the Latin American Medicine School throughout all the destroyed neighborhoods .
Many of them were affected , either directly or indirectly , by the tragedy .
Some UN officials were trapped in their dormitories and tens of lives were lost , including the lives of several chiefs of MINUSTAH , a UN contingent .
The fate of hundreds of other members of its staff was unknown .
Haiti's Presidential Palace crumbled .
Many public facilities , including several hospitals , were left in ruins .
The catastrophe shocked the whole world , which was able to see what was going on through the images aired by the main international TV networks .
Governments from everywhere in the planet announced they would be sending rescue experts , food , medicines , equipment and other resources .
In conformity with the position publicly announced by Cuba , medical staff from different countries ­namely Spain , Mexico , and Colombia , among others - worked very hard alongside our doctors at the facilities they had improvised .
Organizations such as PAHO and other friendly countries like Venezuela and other nations supplied medicines and other resources .
The impeccable behavior of Cuban professionals and their leaders was absolutely void of chauvinism and remained out of the limelight .
Cuba , just as it had done under similar circumstances , when Hurricane Katrina caused huge devastation in the city of New Orleans and the lives of thousands of American citizens were in danger , offered to send a full medical brigade to cooperate with the people of the United States , a country that , as is well known , has vast resources .
But at that moment what was needed were trained and well - equipped doctors to save lives .
Given New Orleans geographical location , more than one thousand doctors of the " Henry Reeve " contingent mobilized and readied to leave for that city at any time of the day or the night , carrying with them the necessary medicines and equipment .
It never crossed our mind that the President of that nation would reject the offer and let a number of Americans that could have been saved to die .
The mistake made by that government was perhaps the inability to understand that the people of Cuba do not see in the American people an enemy ; it does not blame it for the aggressions our homeland has suffered .
Nor was that government capable of understanding that our country does not need to beg for favors or forgiveness of those who , for half a century now , have been trying , to no avail , to bring us to our knees .
Our country , also in the case of Haiti , immediately responded to the US authorities requests to fly over the eastern part of Cuba as well as other facilities they needed to deliver assistance , as quickly as possible , to the American and Haitian citizens who had been affected by the earthquake .
Such have been the principles characterizing the ethical behavior of our people .
Together with its equanimity and firmness , these have been the ever - present features of our foreign policy .
And this is known only too well by whoever have been our adversaries in the international arena .
Cuba will firmly stand by the opinion that the tragedy that has taken place in Haiti , the poorest nation in the western hemisphere , is a challenge to the richest and more powerful countries of the world .
Haiti is a net product of the colonial , capitalist and imperialist system imposed on the world .
Haiti's slavery and subsequent poverty were imposed from abroad .
That terrible earthquake occurred after the Copenhagen Summit , where the most elemental rights of 192 UN member States were trampled upon .
In the aftermath of the tragedy , a competition has unleashed in Haiti to hastily and illegally adopt boys and girls .
UNICEF has been forced to adopt preventive measures against the uprooting of many children , which will deprive their close relatives from their rights .
There are more than one hundred thousand deadly victims .
A high number of citizens have lost their arms or legs , or have suffered fractures requiring rehabilitation that would enable them to work or manage their own .
Eighty per cent of the country needs to be rebuilt .
Haiti requires an economy that is developed enough to meet its needs according to its productive capacity .
The reconstruction of Europe or Japan , which was based on the productive capacity and the technical level of the population , was a relatively simple task as compared to the effort that needs to be made in Haiti .
There , as well as in most of Africa and elsewhere in the Third World , it is indispensable to create the conditions for a sustainable development .
In only forty years time , humanity will be made of more than nine billion inhabitants , and right now is faced with the challenge of a climate change that scientists accept as an inescapable reality .
In the midst of the Haitian tragedy , without anybody knowing how and why , thousands of US marines , 82nd Airborne Division troops and other military forces have occupied Haiti .
Worse still is the fact that neither the United Nations Organization nor the US government have offered an explanation to the world 's public opinion about this relocation of troops .
Several governments have complained that their aircraft have not been allowed to land in order to deliver the human and technical resources that have been sent to Haiti .
Some countries , for their part , have announced they would be sending an additional number of troops and military equipment .
In my view , such events will complicate and create chaos in international cooperation , which is already in itself complex .
It is necessary to seriously discuss this issue .
The UN should be entrusted with the leading role it deserves in these so delicate matters .
Our country is accomplishing a strictly humanitarian mission .
To the extent of its possibilities , it will contribute the human and material resources at its disposal .
The will of our people , who takes pride in its medical doctors and cooperation workers who provide vital services , is huge , and will rise to the occasion .
Any significant cooperation that is offered to our country will not be rejected , but its acceptance will fully depend on the importance and transcendence of the assistance that is requested from the human resources of our homeland .
It is only fair to state that , up until this moment , our modest aircrafts and the important human resources that Cuba has made available to the Haitian people have arrived at their destination without any difficulty whatsoever .
Fidel Castro Ruz January 23 , 2010
Matthew White , 22 , said he was surfing for pornography two years ago on Limewire -- a fire sharing application that allows users to trade music , movies , games and pictures -- when he discovered that some of the files he had downloaded were images of children .
Matt claims he quickly erased the files .
" It did n't appeal to me , " he said .
" I was looking for women my age , so I just wanted to download ' College Girls Gone Wild ' and accidentally downloaded underage pornography .
" About a year later , FBI agents showed up at his family 's home .
The family agreed to let agents examine the computer , and at first , they could n't find anything .
Investigators later were able to recover the deleted images from deep within the hard drive .
" I asked them , ' Where did you get that ?
I do n't remember that . '
I asked them , ' Could I access that if I wanted to ? ' "
Matt said .
" They said no .
" Facing 20 years in prison for possessing child pornography , Matt is pleading guilty on the advice of his public defender in hopes of getting a three and a half year sentence .
He will also serve 10 years probation and have to register as a sex offender for the rest of his life .
Matt 's father says other parents need to be warned about the consequences of stumbling across illicit material .
" One day , you 're going to get a knock on the door and have your child taken away for many years , " he said .
The FBI could not comment on this specific case , but said if child pornography is ever downloaded accidentally , the user needs to call authorities immediately .
They may confiscate your computer , but it 's better than the alternative .
Internet searches reveal a large number of complaints from people who say they 've accidentally downloaded child pornography through Limewire .
The main thesis of my article is that there is a comprehensive misunderstanding - particularly in the US – as to what is actually going on in the oil market , and in particular , who is benefiting from the gyrations between these boundary trend lines .
The combination of these two secular trends in the long term is that the oil price will , I believe , rise relative to the dollar .
It 's not Rocket Science .
In my view , the oil price will rise over time between trending boundary lines : an upper bound ( ' seller 's market ' ) , at which demand destruction kicks in ; and a lower bound ( ' buyer 's market ' ) , where marginal cost of production is the limiting factor .
I see two secular trends in relation to the oil price .
Firstly , I agree with the Peak Oil case , and consider that if we are not at the Peak level of global production we are close to it .
I am not qualified to enter into discussion on that subject , but have learnt a great deal from those on this site who are .
Secondly , I see the dollar continuing to devalue against ' real ' assets generally and energy in particular , as a result of the fiscal incontinence of the US .
Again , there are many better qualified to discuss that issue than me .
Gail thought it would be a good idea if I put my article for ' Asia Times ' - reprinted below – into context .
Bearing in mind past discussion , I agree wholeheartedly , and will attempt to do so in this introduction in order to allow Oil Drum readers who wish to do so to engage on my chosen ground , which is the operation and architecture of the global market in energy generally , and oil in particular .
This is a guest post by Chris Cook .
Chris Cook is a former director of the International Petroleum Exchange .
He is now a strategic market consultant , entrepreneur and commentator .
Cui bono ?
Who gains from what 's going on ?
• Producers – gain from high prices , but lose from volatility and transaction costs ;
• Consumers - gain from low prices and lose from volatility and transaction costs ;
• Medium / Long Term Investors – e.g. Exchange Traded Funds ( ETFs ) gain from higher prices , but lose from volatility and transaction costs ;
• Short - Term Investors / Speculators – e.g. hedge funds and investment bank proprietary desks , are transaction - oriented investors who are agnostic as to price , and may gain from volatility , but lose from transaction costs ;
• Market - Makers / Service Providers – are agnostic as to price , but gain from volatility and transaction costs .
In a nutshell , my thesis is that commercial ( initially ) and sovereign ( now ) producers are using cheap money provided by medium / long term investors to keep the oil price at or near the ' upper bound ' and thereby maximise their income .
They achieve this through intervention in the Brent / BFOE ( Brent Forties Oseberg Ekofisk ) complex of contracts .
The " Dated " BFOE oil price as assessed by Platts price reporters is used as a benchmark price to set - directly and indirectly via arbitrage - global physical oil market prices .
The futures markets are the tail – not the dog – and investors are the fall guys for ' macro manipulation ' by the real beneficiaries , who are the producers .
I find it fascinating to think that Saudi Arabia may – through the use of the new financial oil leasing techniques I refer to – now be acting to all intents and purposes like a Central Bank aiming to keep an oil currency pegged within a range against the dollar .
So , here goes . . .
“ Saudi Arabia and the oil bank ”
Reprinted from the Asia Times .
As crude oil prices climbed back over $ 80.00 per barrel during 2009 - after the dramatic spike to $ 147 and subsequent collapse to $ 35 / bbl - US politicians and regulators are in no doubt who to blame .
They accuse ' speculators ' such as Exchange Traded Funds ( ETFs ) and hedge funds of manipulating oil prices through the use of futures and options contracts not only on the dominant exchanges - the New York Mercantile Exchange and the Intercontinental Exchange – but also off exchange , through bilateral ' over the counter ' ( OTC ) contracts .
But the truth lies elsewhere .
Introducing Oil Leasing
In 2005 Shell had a brainwave .
They agreed with ETF Securities - a provider of Exchange Traded Funds – that a new oil fund could invest directly in Shell 's oil production .
Whereas most ETFs which are exposed to the oil price use the oil futures markets , this initiative cut out the middlemen , and all of the costs associated with maintaining a position in a futures market over time .
The outcome was that Shell borrowed dollars from the fund , while the fund borrowed , or leased , oil from Shell through forward sale agreements or otherwise .
Everything was , and remains , above board and relatively transparent , but this innovative form of financial oil leasing appears to have been turned to other uses by other market participants .
Macro Manipulation
Simply stated , producers have an interest in high prices .
Cartels of producers have therefore often been created to openly manipulate prices by artificially supporting them .
A classic example was the International Tin Council which supported the tin price by buying tin – and stockpiling it – if and when the price fell to its ' floor ' price .
Unfortunately , the high prices stimulated new production ; eventually the ITC ran out of money ; and the tin price collapsed in 1985 – literally overnight – from $ 8000 / tonne to $ 4000 / tonne .
In the late 80s and early 90s Yasuo Hamanaka , a Japanese copper trader acting for Sumitomo Corporation , successfully manipulated the copper market not only for five years before someone blew the whistle , but even for another five years afterwards .
The mechanism used was for investment banks to loan dollars to Sumitomo , who in return loaned copper through forward sales on the London Metal Exchange .
The only way to manipulate commodity prices is through the ability to secure supply .
In the oil markets , funds , whether ETFs or hedge funds , are categorically unable to make or take delivery of the underlying commodity , and are therefore unable to manipulate the price .
It is only ' end user ' producers and distributors , or the few traders with the capability to make and take delivery , who are in a position to manipulate oil prices , and in order to do so they require funding , or leverage .
I believe that it is macro manipulation by oil producers , funded by cheap money from investors , which has been the principal reason for recent movements in the oil price .
The advantage which producers have over oil traders is that producers are able to store their oil in the ground for free .
The Brent Complex
Over 60 % of global oil production is priced against the price of UK's North Sea Brent , Forties , Oseberg , Ekofisk ( BFOE ) quality crude oil .
Most of the rest is priced against the US West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) price , but in the past 10 years the WTI price has increasingly become the tail on the BFOE dog through ' arbitrage ' trading .
There are typically 70 or less cargoes , each of 600,000 barrels , which are produced by the BFOE fields each month , and in order to support the global oil price it is necessary to ensure that BFOE ' spot ' cargo transactions take place at the or above the support level .
This may be achieved by forward purchases or other contracts in the opaque BFOE complex of contracts where transactions take place off - exchange .
By the standards of the relatively few major market participants involved in the market , this is easily achievable if the funding is available .
As the Credit Crunch unfolded from late 2007 , fund money began to pour in to existing and new ETFs .
The Zero Bound
As short term dollar interest rates fell to zero - “ the zero bound ” - investors switched their dollars into other assets , and particularly commodities , which also carry zero income , but which at least have intrinsic value , unlike the dollar or indeed any other ' fiat ' currency .
We therefore saw simultaneous spikes in the oil markets , agricultural markets and metals markets which had nothing whatever to do with underlying supply and demand .
These rises in price continued until the destruction of demand created surpluses beyond global storage capacity , and prices thereupon collapsed as the bubble of leverage funded by investors deflated .
The oil price collapsed to about $ 35 per barrel , and since short term interest rates remained at 0 % the conditions were ripe for a repeat .
Banking on Oil
What follows is necessarily speculative in the absence of hard evidence , but in my opinion the 2008 ' spike ' was driven by one or more major commercial oil producers leasing and hence monetising oil stored in the ground to one or more investment banks .
In return the banks collected and deployed fund money through opaque structured finance products or otherwise .
Liberal helpings of hype in relation to oil shortages helped to inflate and support the market price .
In the course of a 2 hour meeting in London in 2004 Mr Kazempour Ardebili - who had by then been the Iranian OPEC representative for some 18 years – explained that he had for almost all of that time been advocating an OPEC bank , and an OPEC investment institution , but that this had never found favour with the Saudis .
Moreover , he looked back with nostalgia on the long periods of stability which pre-dated the development of the current market pricing structure .
He pointed out that while high oil prices are in producers ' interests , wild price swings destroyed Iran 's ability to budget and invest .
The oil market in 2009 saw a rapid re-inflation from $ 35.00 to around $ 70 / bbl and the price has for several months been relatively stable within a range of $ 75 to $ 85 per barrel .
Commentators have suggested that perhaps $ 50.00 of that price is accounted for by supply and demand , while the balance is purely financially related .
It appears to me that Saudi Arabia – their participation is essential - could currently be playing the role of a Central Bank whose currency is crude oil , and backed by their reserves of crude oil in the ground .
Through extremely opaque market interventions by investment banking intermediaries they could lend oil to the market – financial oil leasing - against dollar loans from investors in oil , and buy back their forward sales of crude oil in order to support the oil price within their chosen parameters .
The outcome – which has the effect of ' monetising ' oil in the ground - is very similar to the way in which some governments maintain their currency more or less ' pegged ' to the dollar and illustrates the reality that oil is not priced in dollars : dollars are priced in oil .
Whether or not it is in fact , as I suspect , macro manipulation by producers which accounts for movements in the prices of crude oil and oil products , and the flows and storage of crude oil and oil products , is a judgement I must leave to expert traders .
But I am absolutely certain that the “ speculator ” investors blamed by US politicians and public for the movements in oil prices are not in fact responsible .
Unstable Equilibrium
The oil market has been swinging dramatically between a lower boundary price , where an excess of supply means that in a ' buyer 's market ' sellers compete for sales , and the upper boundary of a ' sellers market ' price where demand destruction kicks in .
According to an OPEC spokesman , the current market price is ' perfect ' .
If it is the case that the price is being financially supported at the ' upper bound ' within tighter pricing levels then this is a fundamentally unstable position , where increasing supply of crude oil , or falling demand for products , would lead to a collapse – due to de-leveraging - similar to that in the tin market in 1985 , and indeed , of the 2008 ' spike ' .
Although the interests of consumers and producers diverge in terms of price levels – with many in the US still convinced it is their oil under the Saudi desert – both have an interest in price stability .
That is not the case for trading intermediaries – the middlemen – and particularly not for the investment banks who thrive on volatility and opacity , and for whom the only bad news is no news at all .
So , like a RoRo ferry sailing in calm waters with water swilling about the car deck , I believe that the oil market will continue in a state of unstable equilibrium until it hits the next wave – which could be at any time – and the ferry overturns .
The current market architecture is fundamentally dysfunctional , and in my view a new settlement is both possible , and long overdue .
( Copyright 2010 Asia Times Online ( Holdings ) Ltd. )
Converting sunlight to electricity might no longer mean large panels of photovoltaic cells atop flat surfaces like roofs .
Using zinc oxide nanostructures grown on optical fibers and coated with dye - sensitized solar cell materials , researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology have developed a new type of three - dimensional photovoltaic system .
The approach could allow PV systems to be hidden from view and located away from traditional locations such as rooftops .
" Using this technology , we can make photovoltaic generators that are foldable , concealed and mobile , " said Zhong Lin Wang , a Regents professor in the Georgia Tech School of Materials Science and Engineering .
" Optical fiber could conduct sunlight into a building 's walls where the nanostructures would convert it to electricity .
This is truly a three dimensional solar cell . "
Details of the research were published in the early view of the journal Angewandte Chemie International on October 22 .
The work was sponsored by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , the KAUST Global Research Partnership and the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) .
Dye - sensitized solar cells use a photochemical system to generate electricity .
They are inexpensive to manufacture , flexible and mechanically robust , but their tradeoff for lower cost is conversion efficiency lower than that of silicon - based cells .
But using nanostructure arrays to increase the surface area available to convert light could help reduce the efficiency disadvantage , while giving architects and designers new options for incorporating PV into buildings , vehicles and even military equipment .
Fabrication of the new Georgia Tech PV system begins with optical fiber of the type used by the telecommunications industry to transport data .
First , the researchers remove the cladding layer , then apply a conductive coating to the surface of the fiber before seeding the surface with zinc oxide .
Next , they use established solution - based techniques to grow aligned zinc oxide nanowires around the fiber much like the bristles of a bottle brush .
The nanowires are then coated with the dye - sensitized materials that convert light to electricity .
advertisement
Sunlight entering the optical fiber passes into the nanowires , where it interacts with the dye molecules to produce electrical current .
A liquid electrolyte between the nanowires collects the electrical charges .
The result is a hybrid nanowire / optical fiber system that can be up to six times as efficient as planar zinc oxide cells with the same surface area .
" In each reflection within the fiber , the light has the opportunity to interact with the nanostructures that are coated with the dye molecules , " Wang explained .
" You have multiple light reflections within the fiber , and multiple reflections within the nanostructures .
These interactions increase the likelihood that the light will interact with the dye molecules , and that increases the efficiency . "
Wang and his research team have reached an efficiency of 3.3 percent and hope to reach 7 to 8 percent after surface modification .
While lower than silicon solar cells , this efficiency would be useful for practical energy harvesting .
If they can do that , the potentially lower cost of their approach could make it attractive for many applications .
By providing a larger area for gathering light , the technique would maximize the amount of energy produced from strong sunlight , as well as generate respectable power levels even in weak light .
The amount of light entering the optical fiber could be increased by using lenses to focus the incoming light , and the fiber - based solar cell has a very high saturation intensity , Wang said .
Wang believes this new structure will offer architects and product designers an alternative PV format for incorporating into other applications .
advertisement
" This will really provide some new options for photovoltaic systems , " Wang said .
" We could eliminate the aesthetic issues of PV arrays on building .
We can also envision PV systems for providing energy to parked vehicles , and for charging mobile military equipment where traditional arrays are n't practical or you would n't want to use them . "
Wang and his research team , which includes Benjamin Weintraub and Yaguang Wei , have produced generators on optical fiber up to 20 centimeters in length .
" The longer the better , " said Wang , " because longer the light can travel along the fiber , the more bounces it will make and more it will be absorbed . "
Traditional quartz optical fiber has been used so far , but Wang would like to use less expensive polymer fiber to reduce the cost .
He is also considering other improvements , such as a better method for collecting the charges and a titanium oxide surface coating that could further boost efficiency .
Though it could be used for large PV systems , Wang does n't expect his solar cells to replace silicon devices any time soon .
But he does believe they will broaden the potential applications for photovoltaic energy .
" This is a different way to gather power from the sun , " Wang said .
" To meet our energy needs , we need all the approaches we can get . "
This article appeared in Maoist Information Bulletin 12 , dated October 31 , 2009 , available at Banned Thought .
Increasing suicides and frustration among the mercenary forces deployed in the guerrilla zones of central and eastern India
The nervousness , the fear , and frustration are writ large on the faces of the poor policemen and jawans belonging to the central forces who are sent by the Sonia - Manmohan - Chidambaram fascist clique to suppress the Maoist movement and the adivasis in central and eastern India .
The latest suicide on October 30 by Dhananjay Singh of ASF hailing from Siwan , Bihar , who was deployed in Amabeda police station in Kanker district of Chhattisgarh , reflects the mental condition of these helpless pawns in the cruel class war waged for the benefit of a handful of parasitic plunderers like the Tatas , Mittals , Essar , Jindals , POSCO , Vedanta etc .
The poorest sections of the society who join the police and other armed forces for their livelihood are systematically dehumanized , brutalized and transformed into killing machines and deployed against their own people .
In the current war being waged by the reactionary rulers against the Maoists and the adivasis , thousands of central forces are sent to the interior areas of central and eastern India to be used as cannon fodder .
A considerable number of these central forces are airdropped in the dense jungles and are ordered to fight the Maoists there .
Knowing nothing about the terrain and with absolutely no co-operation from the local people , these forces get panicky at the slightest sound in the forest .
They open fire at the rustle of leaves and end up shooting down a cow or monkeys on the trees .
They live in constant fear of attack by the Maoist guerrillas who had entrenched themselves in the area for over three decades .
And one ambush by the Maoists would throw these forces into total confusion .
Those who manage to flee after an ambush or encounter with Maoist guerrillas simply do not know where to go ; they do not know the terrain , language , and get no co-operation from the local people .
There are instances of some jawans getting lost in the wilderness of the jungle .
Notwithstanding the training in jungle warfare imparted by the Indian Army officers , which they feel is of little help in a hostile environment , nervousness stalks these soldiers .
Moreover , they have problems concerning their basic necessities ; rations too are in short supply at times due to the fear of ambushes by the Maoists on the police parties transporting rations , drinking water is unavailable or scarce .
People refuse to provide them with water even where it is available and also other essentials .
Some jawans reported that they are not able to get oil for cooking or lighting as the people refuse to give them .
Malaria too scares these jawans and reports are pouring in about scores of jawans being admitted into hospitals in Jagdalpur , Kanker , Narayanpur , Rajnandgaon etc .
The mental trauma that these poor jawans are undergoing is terrible .
And this is one reason why they become so inhuman when they raid a village or come across someone in the forest .
Not knowing why and what for they are fighting ; for whose interests they are fighting ; not knowing the enemy against whom they are supposed to be fighting ; being totally ignorant of how long they will be fighting ; and apprehensive whether they will be lucky enough to see their families again who live in states as far as Haryana or Nagaland ; the personnel of these central forces and the special commando forces wish to be transferred out from these areas at the earliest .
Hundreds of applications seeking transfer are pouring into the offices of the commandants and police chiefs .
A considerable number of jawans have applied for leaves and refuse to undergo jungle warfare training , or go to the Maoist areas where they are newly posted .
But those who are brought to the area from far - off states have no option but to fight this war on behalf of the reactionary rulers .
Some of them who are not in a position to withstand the mental trauma are resorting to suicide .
There is an occasional case of shooting dead their superior officers when their requests for transfer are not heeded .
The adivasis look at this war as a war waged by an enemy country .
The behavior , the language barrier , the inhuman atrocities carried out by these repressive forces deployed in the adivasi areas reinforces this perception of an alien force invading their territory .
Hence the people will fight unto the last man and woman and will inflict heavy losses to the mercenary forces deployed in their areas .
As the casualties mount , the central forces will get even more demoralized .
Today one Dhanjay Singh , or around thirty others , if we count the suicide incidents in the past few months , had shot themselves not knowing what else they could do as frustrated individuals .
But tomorrow they will erupt into a massive revolt against the cruel exploiters and oppressors who have been using them to suppress the people for their own selfish class interests .
These policemen too will teach a lesson to Sonia , Manmohan , Chidambaram , GK Pillai , Raman Singh , Vishwa Ranjan and other hawks who are using them as cannon fodder in a war against their own people .
Williams ' behavior with women could have been influenced by a spoke reflecting a tendency for " human butterflies going from plant to plant . "
After all , there is nothing inappropriate or worldview contradictory -- inherently - - of , so to speak , being " a lover out to score . "
Though , at worse , a satyriasis spoke might be considered .
In addition to being treated for diabetes , slipped disc and hypertension , Brajesh Thakur should also be treated for ' satyriasis ' too in jail hospital is my strong opinion .
Among the topics are between insanity and wisdom : perceptions of melancholy in the pseudo - Hippocratic Letters 10 - 17 , mental disorders and psychological suffering in Galen 's cases , satyriasis and sexual disorders in ancient medicine , making the distinction : the Stoic view of mental illness , and whether philosophical psychological therapy had any impact on medical practice .
Ultimately , his moods , satyriasis , and aesthetic ambitions were of a sticky piece : an ongoing investigation into the limits of avant - gardism as a neonostalgic lifestyle .
The main motivation for reading the mythical nymph as present in Nymphomania , as Gilroy - Ware argues ( 2014 ) , is that the male analogue of Nymphomania was called Satyriasis .
Nymphs and satyrs , often depicted as companions , are the two mythical archetypes of wild , unrestrained sexuality , extracted from the same landscape ( Larson , 2001 p.92 ) .
Desiderio describes his sex with Madame la Barbe as tumbling into " the morass of satin limbs and flailing hooves " ( DH 110 ) and the process is so long that it might explode a clock ; the Count 's penis is of monstrous size , standing " as resolutely aloft as an illustration of satyriasis in a medical dictionary " ( 129 ) ; in Hoffman 's lab , a girl 's lower part is referred to as " the brown ringlets of a plump , dimpled , pink and white English rosebud " ( 214 ) .
For example , Michael Ryan , MD , wrote in the 19th century , " Satyriasis and nymphomania are diseases in which the sufferers evince an irresistible desire for copulation , as well as abuse of the reproductive functions .
Reviewing Toward the End of Time , for instance , Wallace criticizes John Updike 's male " emotional solipsists " : " Though usually family men , they never really love anybody -- and , though always heterosexual to the point of satyriasis , they especially do n't love women " ( " Certainly " 53 ) .
On the BBC show Desert Island Discs , Fleming tried to explain away Bond 's satyriasis .
" Well I write one book a year and he has one girl [ sic ] per book . "
But then he changed course and said , " I envy him . "
Although biographers indicate that for sheer numbers , Fleming 's experiences compare favorably with Bond 's , maybe he did have reason to envy his creation : Fleming was occasionally turned down .
Elsewhere , Nasaw is irritatingly coy about the ruthless and competitive satyriasis Dad would end up passing on to his sons .
Functions are data ( and very cool data , too )
Published on December 23 , 2009 under the tag A short rant about how cool it is to use functions as data in HaskellPublished on December 23 , 2009 under the tag haskell
This blog post is a short rant about how people who come from an Object - Oriented programming language ( like me ) are often using Haskell classes in a bad way .
The problem
As a simple problem , suppose that we have a number of arbitrary shapes , and we want to find out if a certain point lies in any of those shapes .
First , let us define a Point as an ( x , y ) pair .
type Point = ( Float , Float )
What we want to do in pseudo - code is basically :
let ls = --
Create a list of shapes ls any ( \a -> in Shape a ( 4 , 3 ) ) ls ( \ainShape a ( ) ) ls --
Get back if ( 4 , 3 ) is situated in any of the given shapes .
An Object - Oriented approach
When coming from an Object - Oriented background , you would associate a shape with an interface ( in Java terminology ) .
Haskell has a construct that looks a lot like interfaces , called classes .
We ’ll define a class Shape .
class Shape a where inShape :: a -> Point ->
Bool
Okay , nice .
Now let ’s define a Rectangle , which will be an instance of Shape .
data Rectangle = Rectangle Point Point instance Shape Rectangle where Rectangle ( x0 , y0 ) ( x1 , y1 ) ) ( x , y ) = x0 <= x && x <= x1 && in Shape ( ( x0 , y0 ) ( x1 , y1 ) ) ( x , y ) x0x1 <= y && y <= y1 y0y1
As you can see , we created a Rectangle datatype , and it ’s constructor takes the left - top point and the right - bottom point .
Let ’s add a Circle .
data Circle = Circle Point Float instance Shape Circle where Circle ( x0 , y0 ) r ) ( x , y ) = dx * dx + dy * dy <= r * r in Shape ( ( x0 , y0 ) r ) ( x , y ) dxdxdydy where dx = x0 - x dxx0 = y0 - y dyy0
A Circle takes a center point and a radius .
Note that , until now on , we are writing our Haskell program in more or less the same way as we would write it in Java .
The real problem arises when we want to declare our list of arbitrary shapes .
In ghci :
>* BadShape > let ls = [ Rectangle ( 10 , 10 ) ( 11 , 16 ) , Circle ( 5 , 5 ) 3 ] < interactive >: 1:39 : Could n't match expected type ` Rectangle ' against inferred type ` Circle '
Oh yes , we should ’ve thought of that : all elements in a list must be of the same type .
We ’re doing it wrong .
A more functional approach
We need to stop thinking of classes here .
Because a Shape is a collection of arbitrary points , we could consider a Shape as a function .
This function would , for any Point , return True when this Point lies in the Shape .
type Shape = Point ->
Bool
If we want to keep our in Shape function , it would simple apply the Shape function now .
It is thus quite redundant , but could be defined , for compatibility reasons , as :
inShape :: Shape -> Point ->
Bool = ( $ ) inShape
Now we ’ll write our rectangle function again .
rectangle :: Point -> Point ->
Shape = x0 <= x && x <= x1 && rectangle ( x0 , y0 ) ( x1 , y1 ) ( x , y ) x0x1 <= y && y <= y1 y0y1
Note that we will use partial function application here – the ( x , y ) argument will not be given if we create a rectangle .
And our circle function :
circle :: Point -> Float ->
Shape = dx * dx + dy * dy <= r * r circle ( x0 , y0 ) r ( x , y ) dxdxdydy where dx = x0 - x dxx0 = y0 - y dyy0
Now we can solve our problem with ghci .
* GoodShape > let ls = [ rectangle ( 10 , 10 ) ( 11 , 16 ) , circle ( 5 , 5 ) 3 ] * Good Shape > :t ls ls :: [ Point -> Bool ] * GoodShape > any ( \a -> in Shape a ( 4 , 3 ) ) ls True
As we said , the inShape area is kind of deprecated now , we could write our query as :
>* GoodShape > any ( $ ( 4 , 3 ) ) ls True
Conclusion ?
When learning Haskell , it sometimes really helps to forget everything you know from object - oriented programming languages .
Everywhere I look , I see faces .
The cabinet is looking at me .
The lightswitch is looking at me .
The cereal is looking at me .
And it's all because of your submissions to this week 's Anthropomorphism Shooting Challenge .
The winners :
Shooting Challenge : Anthropomorphism
You know what commercial I can't get out of my head ?
The Amex commercial the one where faces are …
Read more
Advertisement
Second Runner Up
Advertisement
Death Face on Muni Track in SF ; Nikon D50 ; 55-200 mm ; Shot at 200 mm ; ISO : 200 ; f/5.6 ; 1/20 sec
- Tyler Ball
First Runner Up
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This image was taken with a Nikon D200 using a 18 - 200 mm lens in aperture mode .
ISO was 200 , focal length was 80 mm ( 35 mm equiv = 120 m m ) .
Exposure time was 6 seconds .
- Joe Hale
One Half Runner Up
Advertisement
" A robot is hiding behind the trees " I love walking the streets of Shanghai .
This picture was taken with my Leica D3 , f/2.8 , 1/15 sec. , at ISO 200 .
- Ariel Borremans
Winner
Advertisement
Camera : Nikon D60 ; Lens : 50 mm F1/8 ; ISO : 100 ; " sad Robot " Guess he did n't like the New York Snow ...
- Jacob Santiago
Thanks to everyone for participating .
There are so many fantastic shots in the mix , you 'll never want to throw out anything again ... lest you doom an innocent object to rot away , smiling in a dump .
Follow Gizmodo's Shooting Challenge on Facebook Gizmodo's Shooting Challenge is a weekly opportunity to dust off that fancy dSLR and experiment with hundreds of others in a new photography theme announced every Wednesday .
May the best shot rule the internet for a week !
You can easily follow Gizmodo 's Shooting Challenge on Facebook : Facebook.com/ShootingChallenge
I got a letter from my secret santa a while ago saying my prezzie would come soon and to my great pleasure he shipped it soon afterwards .
I just wanted to say that it might take a while to get to me in The Netherlands , because I 've been blacklisted .
I.e. all my packages go through customs and are opened . :(
This also means it takes 30 days extra to reach me .
Tracking says it 's in customs now , I 'm not expecting it before February ..
Update 26 Jan 2010 :
So the mailman came by today with a huge package ... with a Reddit alien on it !
I had to pay 45 euros to get it ; the import taxes , as predicted .
However , I did n't expect it to be this much .
It 's 17 euros just for the customs check itself .
Apparently the thing inside was worth 28 * 5 ( VAT = 20 % ) = 140 euros !
( I could n't help calculating it ) WTF !
Somebody broke the rules ..
The customs form said " Vacuum cleaner , other " .
I was dense enough to not be able to image what the hell was in it ( A Dyson ? ) .
Who would think sending me a vacuum cleaner would make a great gift ?
So I open it up ..
And got this great letter :
" Please forgive my blunder , In delaying so long your plunder , I had many dreams and visions ,
And with them many revisions , Longer and harder each day I thought , Until one day on what I bought , A gift I know I personally enjoy , Though I broke the rules with this small toy , Of timing , and budget en Christmas spirit , I hope you think of me every time you hear it !
~VROOOM ~ - ChaOSmaker69 "
Well , I do n't think you broke the Christmas spirit .
It 's a Roomba !!
I love it !!
Although there is no way I deserved this ..
This specific Roomba is for heavy duty stuff ; sweeping up coarse materials .
Like one would find in workshops or student rooms ..
I am a CS student by chance and would love to try to program the little bugger .
I have n't tried it yet because I 'll have to get a power transformer first .
In Europe outlets have a higher voltage than in the U.S. ( 230 instead of 110 ) .
I feel kind of guilty for receiving such a great present .
I really , really like it .
Thank you !!
The ubiquitous " curry powder " that most people associate with Indian food is actually not Indian at all .
It is , in fact , a western version of garam masala .
This easy - to - make spice blend is the heart of most Indian dishes .
A combination of different whole spices , it probably has as many recipe variations as there are families in India .
The word garam means warm in Hindi while masala means spice mix , making garam masala a warming spice mix .
Different regions of India have different versions of garam masala .
Some are made without dry roasting the ingredients while others are made after dry roasting , cooling the ingredients and then grinding them into a powder .
Some recipes contain additional ingredients that others do n't .
Once you get a feel for the taste it gives your cooking , experiment and alter your garam masala recipe to suit your needs .
Garam masala is best made fresh just before you begin cooking , but if you have n’t got the time , make a batch ahead and store for several months in an air - tight container in a cool , dark place .
A crane was used to haul the block ashore
A huge granite block thought to have once formed part of a temple pillar in a sunken palace of Cleopatra has been raised from the sea at Alexandria .
The nine - tonne stone , said to be from a temple to the goddess Isis , was lifted by crane out of the waters which have covered the palace for centuries .
It was cut from a slab of red granite quarried in Aswan , some 1,100 km ( 700 miles ) to the south , officials say .
There are plans to exhibit it in a new museum devoted to the sunken city .
Earthquakes are thought to have toppled the city in the 4th Century .
" This is one of the most important archaeological finds in Alexandria , among the 400 items recovered by the Greek archaeological team that has been engaged in underwater research since 1998 , " Egyptian Culture Minister Faruq Hosni said at the scene .
Laborious operation Cleopatra 's palace and other buildings and monuments lie strewn on the seabed in harbour of Alexandria , the country 's second - largest city .
In recent years , excavators have discovered dozens of sphinxes in the harbour , along with pieces of what is believed to be the Alexandria Lighthouse , or Pharos , which was one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
The block is the first major artefact extracted from the harbour since 2002 , when authorities banned further removal of major objects from the sea for fear it would damage them .
It was discovered by a Greek expedition in 1998 .
To retrieve it , divers had to spend weeks cleaning it of mud and scum before dragging it across the sea floor for three days to bring it closer to the harbour 's edge .
A lorry stood by to ferry the block to a freshwater tank where it will lie for six months until all the salt , which acts as a preservative underwater but damages it once exposed , is dissolved .
Zahi Hawas , Egypt 's top archaeologist said the block was unique .
" We believe it was part of the complex surrounding Cleopatra 's palace , " he was quoted by The Associated Press as saying as he watched the block being brought ashore .
" This is an important part of Alexandria 's history and it brings us closer to knowing more about the ancient city . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Update : Nigeria ’s President Umaru Yar 'Adua quashed mounting rumors that he had died by giving a brief phone interview early Tuesday to the BBC .
“ At the moment I am undergoing treatment , and I am getting better from the treatment .
I hope that very soon there will be tremendous progress , which will allow me to get back home , " said Yar ’Adua .
But the president ’s halting sentences in a quavery voice offered little real reassurance about his health .
Nigerian opposition parties have in recent weeks said that only up - to - date video footage of the president can restore public confidence that he is healthy enough to remain in office .
Public demands for a formal handover of power to Vice President Goodluck Jonathan are reaching fever pitch in Nigeria this week as parliament resumes work after its holiday recess .
Several prominent Nigerians , including Nobel laureate Wole Soyinka , are due to lead a protest march Tuesday through Abuja , Nigeria 's capital .
A series of lawsuits calling for a handover to Jonathan are also due to be heard this week .
ABUJA , Nigeria — Nigerians are asking where is their president ?
The absence and silence of President Umaru Yar 'Adua for more than 50 days has left Nigeria without effective leadership as the country grapples with being placed on a security watch - list , following a young Nigerian 's alleged attempt to bomb a U.S. bound airplane on Dec. 25 .
Many Nigerians have called the new security - risk status unfair and view it as part of a wider decline in ties between the U.S. and its fifth - largest oil supplier .
Experts reason that the fact that president Yar 'Adua has not been seen for nearly two months , since going to Saudi Arabia for medical treatment in November , may be part of the reason that the U.S. views Nigeria as a potential security risk .
Washington announced earlier this month that it would impose extra security checks on passengers traveling to the U.S. from 14 countries , including Yemen , Somalia and Nigeria .
The list is a response to the alleged attempt by Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , a 23 - year - old Nigerian , to set off an explosive on Northwest Airlines flight 253 to Detroit .
From government ministers to taxi drivers , Nigerians are outraged by the classification .
Many argue that Abdulmutallab was Nigerian “ in name only . ”
The son of a prominent banker had spent a large part of the past decade abroad , being educated in Togo , the U.K. and the Middle East .
He is widely thought to have been recruited by Al Qaeda in the U.K. or Yemen .
“ It is unfair to discriminate against over 150 million people because of the behavior of one person , ” Dora Akunyili , Nigeria ’s information and communications minister , told reporters .
“ Abdulmutallab was a well - behaved child from a responsible family who developed the ugly tendency to do what he tried to do because of the exposure outside the shores of Nigeria . ”
In Abuja , Nigeria ’s capital , young people on national service have started wearing patriotic T - shirts in the country ’s official colours of green and white .
The t- shirts bear the slogan “ Proudly Nigerian ” on the front and “ Not a terrorist nation ” on the back .
Africa ’s most populous country with about 150 million people is roughly divided into the Muslim north , with about 50 percent of the population , and a Christian south , with about 40 percent of the people .
The country 's lucrative oil and banking industries are concentrated in the south .
Muslim sects in the north , where employment rates and economic growth are especially low , have in recent months clashed violently with security forces .
However , these homegrown groups have no proven links with international terrorist movements .
Some warn that attempts to deter potential terrorists by placing Nigeria on the U.S. watch - list might only serve to stoke anti-West feelings among certain sects .
“ The decision was hasty ... it will just compound the idea that the U.S. is anti-Islam , ” said Hussaini Abdu , an Abuja - based activist who has written several research papers on Nigeria ’s Muslim sects .
“ The U.S. should have instead tried to engage with the Nigerian government and understand the nuances of what is happening here . ”
Following public euphoria at the appointment of the first black U.S. president , Nigerians have been disappointed by Barack Obama ’s lack of special attention .
Obama pointedly chose to visit nearby Ghana , often lauded as stable and well - governed , rather than Nigeria on his first presidential trip to Africa last July .
In a further blow , Hillary Clinton , secretary of state , rebuked Nigeria on its lack of transparency when she visited Abuja in August .
As a diplomatic storm grows around the Abdulmutallab case , Nigeria also remains without a leader to defend the country and speak on its behalf .
Umaru Yar ’Adua , the president , who has a history of medical problems , has left the country adrift .
Nigerians have neither seen nor heard from the president since his abrupt departure in November .
“ If the president had been around , he could have spoken to Mr. Obama [ about the list ] on a level — as colleagues , ” said Emmanuel Onwobiko of the Human Rights Writers Association , a lobby group that has demanded that parliament compel Yar ’Adua to confirm his whereabouts and the state of his health .
“ But nobody is in charge . ”
Sub -Saharan Africa ’s top oil producer has edged ever further to the brink of a constitutional crisis in recent weeks , as lawyers and activists say the president must at least temporarily hand over to Goodluck Jonathan , his deputy .
Opposition parties are demanding a Fidel Castro - style video statement , live from the presidential sickbed , just to prove that Yar ’Adua is still alive .
Meanwhile , members of the ruling People ’s Democratic Party are furiously plotting for the post - Yar ’Adua succession battle .
Such instability at a crucial time could well have been on the minds of those who drew up the U.S. watch - list , experts say .
“ I think Yar ’Adua ’s absence was a big part of America ’s decision , ” said Rolake Akinola , a West Africa analyst at Control Risks , a consultancy .
“ The fact that Abdulmutallab was Nigerian was largely incidental ... and it is wrong to say that Nigeria is a breeding ground for terrorists .
But the lack of a leader casts doubt on the country ’s ability to respond to any kind of crisis , be it a terrorist event or anything else . ”
The Afghanistan Conference Is There a Way Out of the ' Graveyard of Empires ' ?
At the Afghanistan conference in London this week , NATO partners want to develop a common exit strategy .
But how can they succeed ?
Even the most important actors in the conflict disagree on possible solutions for one of the world 's most dangerous regions .
Get muscles now , ask me how .
As published in the journal Science Translational Medicine , researchers at the National Children ’s Hospital ( NCH ) and Ohio State University have proven that blocking myostatin in monkeys will lead to skeletal muscle growth with few or no discernible negative side effects .
Myostatin is the protein that helps mammals regulate muscle building , acting as a signal for muscles to stop consuming resources and stop growing .
Blocking myostatin leads to enhanced muscle strength and continuous muscle growth .
You may remember Liam Hoekstra , the baby apparently born without the myostatin gene , and similarly enabled animals that have absurd strength .
Using gene therapy , NCH scientists were able to get follistatin ( a myostatin blocker ) to promote phenomenal muscle growth in the quadriceps of macaque monkeys .
NCH is now working with the FDA to perform the preliminary steps necessary for a human clinical trial .
We could see a superman gene therapy available in the next decade .
The National Children ’s Hospital interest in myostatin is not to create super strong children , but to help those children whose muscles have already atrophied .
Muscular Dystrophy ( MD ) affects thousands of children in the US who slowly lose muscle and rarely survive into adulthood .
Follistatin gene therapy could serve as a method to extend their lives or perhaps even reverse the symptoms of their conditions .
Likewise , the eldery are susceptible to several diseases that lead to a loss of muscle strength and coordination .
By blocking myostatin , we may all be able to live with the strength of our youth even as we age into our 80s .
My concerns about myostatin have largely focused on potential organ damage , possible unknown dangerous effects on smooth muscle tissue , and ligament / tendon stresses .
The NCH work addresses these concerns rather well .
Macaques were observed for 15 months after receiving a gene therapy that promoted follistatin ( and blocked myostatin ) in their quadriceps .
There was no observed damage to internal organs , the treatment only seemed to affect skeletal muscle , the reproductive cycles and cells functioned normally , and there was no reported damaged to tendons or ligaments ( though this last issue was n’t expressly pursued by the research ) .
As with all animals we ’ve seen with myostatin inhibition , the monkeys at NCH enjoyed some serious boosts in strength .
The macaques exhibited enhanced muscle growth for 12 weeks after treatment , beyond which muscle mass stabilized .
The average circumference of the animals quadriceps increased by 15 % .
Using electric stimulation ( you ca n’t order a monkey to lift weights ) scientists were able to observe profound increases in leg strength .
One specimen demonstrated a 78 % increase over control results .
The next step for NCH is toxicology and biodistribution tests as outlined by the FDA .
After that , further rounds of testing will be necessary before human clinical trials can begin .
Still , considering the lack of negative side effects , and the profound need from the Muscular Dystrophy community , one hopes that those trials will begin in the next few years .
If ultimately successful , follistatin gene therapy could treat the symptoms of MD while different genetic therapies could affect the causes of some forms of MD .
And let ’s not forget the weight - lifting 800 pound gorilla in the room .
Along with MD treatments , and therapies for muscle loss in old age , the defeat of myostatin could lead to an effective way for all of us to get fit fast .
No workouts necessary , eat almost all you want , and have a body like Adonis .
This research is taking us one step closer to that goal … but it still sounds too good to be true .
We ca n’t all be Superman , can we ?
When hurricane Katrina blew into New Orleans four years ago , Matt Petersen watched in shock as the floodwaters retreated , revealing one of the most devastating natural disasters in US history : billions of dollars in damages , 80 percent of the city flooded with filthy water , and a government response that provoked a firestorm of criticism .
“ I watched everything play out in horror , ” says Mr. Petersen .
“ And , like everyone else , I went through the process of thinking , ‘ What can I do ? ’ ”
Petersen donated money and considered volunteering , but that was n’t enough .
“ I kept feeling this well up inside me , I felt compelled to act , ” he says .
As the city ’s cleanup began , Petersen , the president and CEO of Global Green , an environmental nonprofit that promotes green building , saw a silver – or green – lining in Katrina ’s catastrophic wake .
“ I began to think , ‘ Maybe I can do more . ’
I run an organization with big thinking behind it ; it ’s a Red Cross for the environment .
We have the greatest assemblage of green building expertise .
How can we deploy that ? ” he says .
“ Certainly the city was going to be rebuilt .
And this great city presented us with an opportunity to create the first truly green city in our nation . ”
So Petersen opened Global Green ’s first New Orleans office in March 2006 .
Now , four years after hurricane Katrina swept through New Orleans , he and a bevy of green - minded government employees , nonprofit organizations , volunteers , and celebrities ( such as Brad Pitt ) have helped transform the city into the frontier of a new green revolution .
“ Now more people are interested in what we do , ” says Wynecta Fisher , director of the Mayor ’s Office of Environmental Affairs .
“ That ’s what the storm did .
I have had access to some of the best and brightest minds and techniques . ”
As a result , the city currently operates 49 biodiesel buses and several LED stoplights , with plans to purchase LED streetlamps soon .
Green , energy - efficient schools are in the works , and the city is eager to do more .
“ We serve as a model , ” says Charles Allen , chairman of the board of the Holy Cross Neighborhood Association in the Lower Ninth Ward .
“ This is how a community can recover from a major disaster .
I say , look , we ’re going to prove to the world that you can live in an improved , better way . ”
As part of that “ improved ... way , ” Global Green came up with an ambitious three - pronged plan : rebuild 10,000 homes to be green , adopt a sustainable neighborhood model , and upgrade area schools to be more ecofriendly .
Petersen also resolved to create local expertise in green building in order to create jobs and ensure that the effort endures .
In partnership with the city and using money from the Bush - Clinton Katrina fund , Global Green plans to improve energy efficiency and air quality of existing schools and open two new schools that will be certified Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ( LEED ) silver .
The schools will also help promote environmental awareness .
Global Green ’s landmark initiative is the Holy Cross project , a sustainable neighborhood in the Lower Ninth Ward that will serve as a model for other communities .
To generate ideas for the project , Global Green sponsored an international design competition , challenging architects to design an energy - efficient and affordable neighborhood model .
The winning proposal , designed by architects Matt Berman and Andrew Kotchen of Workshop / apd , a New York design firm , consists of five single - family homes , an 18 - unit apartment building , and a community center that also serves as a sustainable design and environmental advocacy center .
The goal is for all construction to use zero net energy , and be carbon neutral and LEED platinum certified .
“ The idea was to design replicable , affordable , sustainable housing , ” says Mr. Kotchen .
The homes , the first of which was completed in May 2008 , are tall , narrow , two - story buildings wrapped in fiber cement siding and topped with photovoltaic - paneled shed roofs at 30 - degree angles .
Screened porches , lower roofs , and strategically placed energy - efficient windows accent the exterior .
Inside , the wood flooring has been salvaged from existing structures .
Paperless drywall , or gypsum board , offers mold resistance in the humid city .
Spray foam insulation prevents air leaks and increases energy efficiency .
And paints use water - or soy - based solvents containing few air - polluting toxins .
It ’s not just about the materials , though , says Kotchen .
“ It was the whole approach .
For us , it ’s an all - encompassing design philosophy . ”
For example , he cites house and window orientation as ways to minimize sun exposure , and high ceilings and deep porches as natural cooling measures .
“ Good design is green design , ” he says .
Responsible waste handling is also an important part of green building .
About 8,000 pounds of waste are discarded during the construction of a typical 2,000 - square - foot home , according to Sustainable Sources , a green building information resource .
Global Green reuses or recycles construction waste to keep materials from being carted to landfills .
This also saves disposal tipping fees .
Even the homes ’ landscaping is green .
Porous pavement driveways allow rainwater to permeate the ground , rather than run off , carrying pollutants into nearby rivers and lakes .
Rain gardens stocked with wetland vegetation border the driveways , ready to absorb and filter downpours .
And shade trees planted in strategic areas – such as the sunny south side of a house – provide natural cooling .
This is n’t necessarily new , but simply good sense , says Kotchen .
“ Good design has been around for a long time . ”
Contrary to popular thought , green design does n’t have to be expensive .
The Holy Cross homes will sell for about $ 175,000 and are expected to save residents an estimated $ 1,200 to $ 2,400 each year in utility bills .
“ There ’s an element of justice here , ” says Petersen .
“ The question is , how do we protect the environment and provide truly affordable housing ? ”
This is a theme throughout the Holy Cross project , including the 18 - unit apartment building .
The apartments , which will be reserved for low - income residents , are expected to rent for $ 550 to $ 650 a month .
Once complete , America ’s first entire LEED platinum certified neighborhood will include the first LEED platinum certified apartment building in the US .
“ [ The project ] has created a ripple effect , ” Petersen says .
“ It ’s bringing in suppliers , creating a workforce .
We ’re helping create a market .
It ’s humbling , yet gratifying , to see what we ’ve been able to accomplish to bring back this great city . ”
As reconstruction continues four years after Katrina crippled the city , perhaps the most notable rebuilding is n’t happening at homes and schools , many people say .
Instead , it ’s happening in town meetings and neighborhood associations .
“ One thing that Katrina did , it made people really look at the importance of community , ” says Ms. Fisher of the Mayor 's Office of Environmental Affairs .
“ People are engaged now .
They ’re not waiting for the government to do something for them .
They ’re getting involved . ”
In some ways , then , it could be called a perfect storm .
“ Absolutely , there are blessings and silver linings that come out of every disaster , ” says Mr. Allen of the Holy Cross Neighborhood Association .
The hurricane created an opportunity for New Orleans , he says .
“ We definitely have more friends , more resources at our disposal .
It ’s allowing us to make major strides . ”
He pauses .
“ This is our chance . ”
Editor ’s note :
For more articles about the environment , see the Monitor ’s main environment page , which offers information on many environment topics .
Also , check out our Bright Green blog archive and our RSS feed .
Got my cool Peace Through Music CD / DVD .
Think I will enjoy it very much .
Thank you WUGUWA . :D
Famed womens ’ rights campaigner and powerhouse attorney Gloria Allred has joined the ever growing hoard of people angered at the CBS network ’s decision to allow an pro life ad to air during the upcoming Super Bowl on February 7th .
EXCLUSIVE DOCUMENT : Allred Pens An Open Letter To Les Moonves , CEO Of CBS
In an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com
Allred shares that she is outraged by CBS and fears that the motivation for money has far outweighed any commitment to truth and any duty to upholding advertising standards .
The ad , featuring college football player and devout Christian , Tim Tebow , and his mother Pam , is funded by Focus on the Family , a conservative Christian organization that places emphasis on marriage and parenthood .
VIDEO : David Letterman Admits Having Sex With Staffers ; Reveals Blackmail Plot
In the controversial ad , Pam reportedly shares the story of her difficult 1987 pregnancy which occurred when she was working as a missionary in the Philippines .
In her harrowing tale she says she fell ill with amoebic dysentery while pregnant and was treated with robust antibiotics , which she says doctors told her had caused fetal damage , prompting them to urge her to terminate her pregnancy , but she refused their advice that she have an abortion for her own safety .
Going on to give birth to Tebow , the now - famous quarterback who went on to become a Heisman Trophy winner , leading the Gators to two BCS wins .
In her exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com
Allred slams the ad and CBS ’s decision to air it , pointing out factual inconsistencies with Pam ’s story .
One glaring one is the fact that the act of abortion is totally illegal in the majority Catholic country of the Philippines – under all circumstances including rape and incest , and even without a provision in the circumstance that the mother ’s life is in danger .
The law has been in effect since 1930 .
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO : ESPY Stars Challenge Shaq and Carmelo Anthony to a Duel
Allred says she believes it an impossible scenario to believe that Philippino doctors would of ever suggested abortion as a viable option for Tebow in the first place .
And when you learn that physicians and midwives who perform abortions in the Philippines face six years in prison , and may have their licenses suspended or revoked , and that women who receive abortions – no matter the reason – may be punished with imprisonment for two to six years , it ’s easy to see why .
Allred shares an open letter she has written to Les Moonves , the President and CEO of the CBS Corporation , where she urges him to re-think his decision to air the controversial ad , and questions his decision in light of the fact that CBS have turned down other advocacy ads in the past .
Men ’s Fitness Magazine Picks 25 Fittest Men in America
It ’s a shocking turn around on policy for the network , who in 2004 , were criticized by many liberal organizations for rejecting an ad by the United Church of Christ highlighting the UCC ’s welcoming stance toward gays and others who might feel shunned by more conservative churches .
CBS cited at the time their strict “ no advocacy in advertising ” policy .
Something that has obviously changed for some unapparent reason .
Allred asks Moonves to get a clear grasp of the correct and true facts in this case , and asks if he will still air the anti-choice commercial “ if it turns out to be misleading advertising ” .
The attorney goes on to urge Moonves to think carefully on this matter , stating , “ This is not just another ad .
Women ’s lives are at stake .
No woman should have to live in a country where abortion is illegal as it once was in the U.S.
And was and is in the Philippines . ”
Allred states definitively that , “ No sugar coated religiously inspired ad which fails to give all of the relevant facts should be permitted to air on CBS or anywhere else . ”
Today ’s Hot Photos
She says that she hopes she never sees the ad on air , but if she does she “ hopes that the Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Trade Commission will be watching it and evaluating it for misleading advertising too . ”
Allred warns , “ If this ad airs and fails to disclose that abortions were illegal at the time Ms. Tebow made her “ choice ” , then I intend to file a formal complaint of misleading advertising with those federal commissions . ”
On a final note Allred says that she hopes that if any of the women that watch the ad are in the position of evaluating their own pregnancy options , that they “ get all the facts before you make a decision .
Do n’t let any other person influence you .
You are going to live with the consequences of that choice for the rest of your life .
Make sure it ’s your choice and you feel confident you can live with that choice for the rest of your life . ”
Sue in Maryland writes :
Let ’s start a Contest : NAME ONE THING REPUBLICANS HAVE DONE IN THE PAST YEAR !
This could be fun .
Everyone is criticizing Democrats and Obama for not doing enough this first year but Republicans , as far as I can tell have done NOTHING .
Other than obstruct , whine , lie , and say NO NO NO .
Seriously , name ONE POSITIVE thing Republicans can point to .
Rosie O'Donnell is Dating Tracy Kachtick - Anders PHOTOS
Former television talk show host Rosie O'Donnell revealed in November that her relationship with Kelli Carpenter had ended .
In fact , O'Donnell said that Kelli had moved out 2 years ago .
It looks like Rosie is moving forward in the relationship department .
O'Donnell 's new girlfriend is single lesbian mother Tracy Kachtick - Anders , an artist from Texas .
This is not just speculation -- Rosie 's rep confirmed this news to People magazine .
Tracy has a lot in common with the comedian including the fact that they both have a vested interest in adoption and foster care .
Tracy launched the Open Arms Campaign with the goal of finding foster adoptive families within the LGBT community .
Kachtick - Anders has six children , five of whom she adopted .
Rosie , who has a new gig on Sirius XM radio , has four adopted children .
Rosie and Tracy were photographed as they walked together while holding hands in Miami Beach .
They plan to move in together - details here .
More couple photos at DListed .
See family pics below .
Welcome To Accra :
Going to Accra with flexible travelling deals is hot concern of global tourists and they always seek for most reliable and credible travelling source for the arrangements of their implausible trips .
7 - continents Travel is recognized as an awe - inspiring source of affordable flights to Accra .
Attention - grabbing natural conjectures and spectacular sites along with mostly awestruck landmarks are first - rated resources of worldwide attractions , having most excellent travelling deals are the improbable preference of global guests for this constituency , we are well thought - out as enormously convincing and reliable air travel service providers for our esteemed customers , the most recent traveling offers of airlines for each location on the globe make us exclusive and special from other indistinguishable services providers .
Customer care and customer support activities are the prime components of our travelling facilities , the guests of hosted city from various regions of the globe give huge credit to 7 - continents travel for cheap flights to Accra .
It is affirmed as an unsurpassed travelling source for customer ease and trust , greetings of gorgeous attractions and sweltering of human architecture in Accra city are commemorative plaque for the golden admiration of the guests , a wonderful place for the frivolous activities is ready to explore with family trips and tours from nay single locality of the globe .
The most astounding traveling source offers vastly favorite deals for flights to Accra to see chronological treasures of Nigerian culture .
The entire cultural values of Accra are geared up at the moment by availing reimbursement of 7 - continents travel ,
The explorers from diverse locations of entire globe can visit this place with huge accommodations of trustworthy source at any moment .
While President Obama is in Washington talking about putting a freeze on government spending , soon millions of American families will be out in the cold .
In one month , one million Americans are slated to lose their unemployment insurance .
Millions more will follow .
According to Judy Conti , Federal Advocacy Coordinator at the National Employment Law Project , the expiration of this vital lifeline " would be a catastrophe for these families and their communities . "
Why is unemployment insurance ending , and what can you do about it ?
When reckless Wall Street gambling collapsed the global economy , Congress stepped in and quickly extended unemployment insurance , food stamps and other support programs for millions of Americans .
Congress extended benefits once more until February 28 , 2010 .
The hope was that by that time , the economy would be picking up and creating new jobs .
But the truth of the matter is that no new jobs are being created .
In fact , in December , 85,000 Americans lost their jobs .
This is an improvement over previous months , but it was also ten times the number analysis predicted .
The stimulus package and emergency measures passed by Congress to help workers were big , but the hole blown in the economy by Wall Street greed and recklessness was is even bigger .
Twenty - six million Americans are now unemployed or can't find full time work .
Job loss is now driving the foreclosure rate , and economists predict that we may not approach normal levels of employment for five years or more .
Because employment is slow to grow , income support will be needed by many more Americans for years to come .
That is why Senator Jack Reed ( D - RI ) is pushing a plan to aid the 17 states that currently have " work share " programs and wants to help all states start similar programs .
Work share allows employers to retain skilled workers during economic downturns by reducing the work hours of a larger group of employees .
Employees whose hours and wages are reduced would be eligible to receive a portion of their regular unemployment insurance benefits to compensate for the lost wages .
Germany has undertaken an aggressive work share program and has successfully kept its unemployment level lower than many of its European neighbors , ameliorating the hardship on its workers and supporting the economy as a whole .
Mark Zandi , top economist at Moody 's Investor Services , says that this type of income support is the " most efficient way to prime the economy 's pump . "
Zandi calculated that for every $ 1 in unemployment benefits the government spends , it creates $ 1.69 in economic stimulus for the businesses in the communities where recipients live .
Moreover , the Washington - based Economic Policy Institute calculated that if this income support were withdrawn and these dollars were to stop flowing through local supermarkets , pharmacies , utility providers , and lenders , an additional 800,000 jobs could by lost by the end of 2010 .
TAKE ACTION !
We are in a big hole and it is going to take big ideas to climb out of it .
In the mean time , the more workers and families that we prevent from slipping into the abyss , the better off we all are .
Tell Congress to take swift action to stop the bleeding and renew unemployment insurance now .
Send a letter to your member of Congress at BanksterUSA .
My Secret Santa sent me two gifts all the way from the UK to the USA , wrapped in amazing Reddit paper !
Whoever it is , my Santa sent me a satirical book called Incompetence , and a humor travel game called Man Bites Dog .
Given that I 'm sarcastic as all Hell , it 's perfect !
Happy holidays everyone !
The New York Times delivers a front - page expose on the original Goldman Sachs scandal :
How the firm created derivatives ( synthetic CDOs ) to allow investors to bet on the housing market , sold the CDOs to clients who wanted to bet on additional housing market gains , and then went short the same CDOs because Goldman believed the housing market would crash .
The outcome , of course , was the same as it usually is : Goldman made a killing , on both the product origination fees and the proprietary bets .
Goldman 's clients , meanwhile , got crushed .
One observer likens this to buying insurance on a house and then burning the house down :
“ The simultaneous selling of securities to customers and shorting them because they believed they were going to default is the most cynical use of credit information that I have ever seen , ” said Sylvain R. Raynes , an expert in structured finance at R & R Consulting in New York .
“ When you buy protection against an event that you have a hand in causing , you are buying fire insurance on someone else ’s house and then committing arson . ”
But is it really a scandal ?
If you view Wall Street the old - fashioned way , yes :
The firm sold its clients a product and then bet against it .
This allowed Goldman to make money two ways instead of just one : Product origination fees and trading profits , all at its clients ' expense .
If you take a more realistic view of Wall Street , however , this is just an everyday reality .
Wall Street firms like Goldman sit between buyers and sellers , and they also buy and sell on their own behalf .
Every single transaction these firms conduct entails a conflict of interest : Everyone is always making bets , and someone is always winning and losing them .
It 's just not obvious until later which party that is .
The way we suspect Goldman viewed its behavior in the housing scenario above is as follows :
Clients are desperate for products with which to bet on the housing market
We can help our clients by creating those products and get paid handsomely for doing so .
We 're negative on the housing market , so we can use the products bet against the housing market .
If we 're right , we 'll make some money there , too .
Do n't forget that the buyers of Goldman 's CDOs were among the most sophisticated investors in the world .
These investors were paid to analyze the housing market and make smart investment decisions based on that analysis .
The investors did their analysis and concluded that the housing market was going to go up .
Goldman did its own analysis and came to the opposite conclusion .
But it was at least relatively a fair fight .
Do n't forget that the clients who bought the CDOs may have turned around and sold them to someone else 30 seconds after buying them .
We 're not talking about mom-and - pop buy - and - hold investors here .
We 're talking about institutions who often roll their portfolios over several times a month .
We 're also talking about institutions that were making an absolute killing going long the housing market -- so much so that they were desperate for more products with which to continue making the same bet .
Do n't forget also that these particular CDOs were likely a tiny percentage of the total products that Goldman sold to these clients over the period in question .
Many of the other products Goldman sold the same clients may have performed superbly , making the clients boatloads of money .
When all of the clients ' dealings with Goldman are netted out , the clients may have done very well .
Do n't forget that , in this instance , Goldman was not hired to manage money for its clients .
Goldman in this case was acting as a product dealer .
The products Goldman sold allowed clients to bet on or against the housing market ( by going short or long ) .
The products appear to have worked the way they were supposed to .
Do n't forget that everything is obvious in hindsight .
Goldman could have been wrong about the housing market , and its clients could have been right .
In that case , we would n't be talking about a scandal .
We would be talking about how Goldman got greedy and made dumb bets .
So is it a scandal ?
If Goldman 's traders and salespeople had secret information about the housing market that they did not share with clients , yes , it 's a scandal .
That 's called intentionally screwing your clients , and Goldman deserves to be strafed for it .
If Goldman was merely creating products to address market demand and then using those products itself , however , it 's inevitable .
As long as brokerage firms are allowed to have proprietary trading desks ( which we certainly do n't need to allow ) , there will always be cases in which firms bet against some of their clients .
To think otherwise is just being naive .
UPDATE : Goldman responds to the NYT and makes many of the same points .
It also makes another important one :
In order for these products to exist , someone has to go short and someone has to go long .
When a bank sells a product like this , it usually takes the short side of the trade .
Thus , it is betting against the client right at the outset , in full view of the client .
Either side is then free to sell its side of the bet to anyone else at any time .
Bottom line :
We 're adults here .
" So Bernie [ Ecclestone ] , in the seventeen years since you bought McLaren , which of your many achievements do you think was the most memorable ? "
Bernie Answers , " Well I do n't remember buying McLaren . " [ Bernie Ecclestone used to own the Brabham team ] .
-- Murray Walker ,
The voice of F1 for over 50 years
London , England ( CNN ) --
The British government has apologized and offered compensation to hundreds of people who suffered the effects of thalidomide , a drug once prescribed to pregnant women that later was linked to major birth defects .
Thalidomide sufferers and campaigners hailed the move and said it was long overdue .
British doctors prescribed thalidomide for expectant mothers from 1958 to 1962 to control the symptoms of morning sickness .
The drug , developed by a German firm , was used internationally as a sedative and hailed because overdose simply caused prolonged sleep , not death .
Thalidomide also was combined with other drugs to create medications for asthma , hypertension , and migraine , according to the Thalidomide Trust , which supports victims .
Doctors and scientists began to notice gross limb malformations in infants starting in 1960 , and scientists linked it to thalidomide the next year .
By then , it had affected babies from Kenya to Peru to Japan , though most of the cases were in Germany , where the drug had been available over the counter .
There are currently 466 people in the United Kingdom whose mothers took the drug when they were in the womb .
Most of them have two or four limbs missing , and some also can't see or hear , according to the trust .
One of them is Louise Medus - Mansell , who was born in 1962 with no arms or legs .
" It is a bonus , something that we did n't think would ever happen , " she told CNN about the government 's apology .
" There 's a lot of people today that have been waiting for this apology from the government that have had partners die . "
Medus - Mansell , who recently had a kidney transplant , published an autobiography this year titled " No Hand to Hold and No Legs to Dance On . "
Health Minister Mike O'Brien said the British government is creating a £ 20 million ( $ 32.5 million ) fund over three years to meet the health needs of Thalidomide victims , who are between 45 and 51 years old .
The money will be distributed by the Thalidomide Trust , he said , and will help reduce further degeneration of their health as the victims grow older .
" The government wishes to express its sincere regret and deep sympathy for the injury and suffering endured by all those affected when expectant mothers took the drug thalidomide between 1958 and 1961 , " O'Brien said in the House of Commons .
" We acknowledge both the physical hardship and the emotional difficulties that have faced both the children affected and their families as a result of this drug , and the challenges that many continue to endure , often on a daily basis . "
The problems caused by the drug led the British government to review the marketing , testing , and regulation of drugs , O'Brien said .
That included the enactment of the Medicines Act 1968 , which introduced more testing for medicines prior to licensing to make sure they meet safety standards .
The Thalidomide Society , which was created in 1962 by the parents of thalidomide victims , said it welcomed the government 's apology .
" I think it obviously makes a great deal of difference ( to the children ) , but I think also for the parents who had dreadful , dreadful trouble in the very early years to convince people that something had happened and it was n't their fault , " said society secretary Vivien Kerr .
" For them , I think , it 's something to be very grateful for and it's welcome . "
CNN 's Phil Black and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .
Corporations , which control the levers of power in government and finance , promote and empower the psychologically maimed .
Those who lack the capacity for empathy and who embrace the goals of the corporation — personal power and wealth — as the highest good succeed .
Those who possess moral autonomy and individuality do not .
And these corporate heads , isolated from the mass of Americans by insular corporate structures and vast personal fortunes , are no more attuned to the misery , rage and pain they cause than were the courtiers and perfumed fops who populated Versailles on the eve of the French Revolution .
They play their games of high finance as if the rest of us do not exist .
And it is a game that will kill us .
These companies exist in a pathological world where identity and personal worth are determined solely by the perverted code of the corporation .
The corporation decides who has value and who does not , who advances and who is left behind .
It rewards the most compliant , craven and manipulative , and discards the losers who ca n’t play the game , those who do not accumulate wealth or status fast enough , or who fail to fully subsume their individuality into the corporate collective .
It dominates the internal and external lives of its employees , leaving them without time for family or solitude — without time for self - reflection — and drives them into a state of perpetual nervous exhaustion .
It breaks them down , especially in their early years in the firm , a period in which they are humiliated and pressured to work such long hours that many will sleep under their desks .
This hazing process , one that is common at corporate newspapers where I worked , including The New York Times , eliminates from the system most of those with backbone , fortitude and dignity .
No one thinks in groups .
And this is the point .
The employees who advance are vacant and supine .
They are skilled drones , often possessed of a peculiar kind of analytical intelligence and drive , but morally , emotionally and creatively crippled .
Their intellect is narrow and inhibited .
They rely on the corporation , as they once relied on their high - priced elite universities and their SAT scores , for validation .
They demand that they not be treated as individuals but as members of the great collective of Goldman Sachs or AIG or Citibank .
They talk together .
They exchange information .
They make deals .
They compromise .
They debate .
But they do not think .
They do not create .
All capacity for intuition , for unstructured thought , for questions of meaning deemed impractical or frivolous by the firm , the qualities that always precede discovery and creation , are banished , as William H. Whyte observed in his book “ The Organization Man . ”
The iron goals of greater and greater profit , order and corporate conformity dominate their squalid belief systems .
And by the time these corporate automatons are managing partners or government bureaucrats they cannot distinguish between right and wrong .
They are deaf , dumb and blind to the common good .
These deeply stunted and maladjusted individuals , from Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner to Robert Rubin to Lawrence Summers to the heads of Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , J.P. Morgan Chase and Bank of America , hold the fate of the nation in their hands .
They have access to trillions of taxpayer dollars and are looting the U.S. Treasury to sustain reckless speculation .
The financial and corporate system alone validates them .
It defines them .
It must be served .
This is why e-mails from the New York Fed to AIG , telling the bailed - out insurer not to make public the overpaying of Wall Street firms with taxpayer money , were sent when Geithner was in charge of the government agency .
These criminals sold the public investments they knew to be trash .
They used campaign contributions and lobbyists to turn elected officials into stooges and gut oversight and regulation .
They took over retirement savings and pensions and wiped them out .
And then they seized some $ 13 trillion in taxpayer money so they could lend it to us with interest .
It is circular theft .
This is why we will endure another catastrophic financial collapse .
This is why firms like Goldman Sachs are more dangerous to the nation than al - Qaida .
“ The psychology is about winning , and winning is marked by the level of compensation and bonuses and the power you have within the firm , ” Nomi Prins , the author of “ It Takes a Pillage ” and a former managing director at Goldman Sachs , told me by phone from California .
“ Every investment bank is like a mini-country .
The political maneuvering and the differences between individuals who run certain areas and move up the ladder of the company are not necessarily decided by a vote .
They move up depending on how close they are to the person [ above them ] .
If that person moves up they move up with them .
A certain set of loyalties get created .
It is an intense competition all the time .
You have trading and doing deals with clients , but the result is to push people up the ladder and to make money . ”
How you make money and how you climb the ladder of the corporate structure are irrelevant .
Success becomes its own morality .
Those who do well in this environment possess the traits often exhibited by psychopaths — superficial charm , grandiosity and self - importance , a need for constant stimulation , a penchant for lying , deception and manipulation , and the incapacity for remorse or guilt .
They , like competitors on a reality television program , lie , cheat and betray to climb over those around them and advance .
These demented individuals are admired and envied within the firm .
They achieve heroic status .
The lower - ranking employees are supposed to emulate them .
And this makes Goldman Sachs and other speculative financial firms upscale lunatic asylums where the inmates wear Brooks Brothers suits and drink expensive chardonnay .
Our problem is that the lunatics have been let out of the asylum .
They have been empowered to cannibalize the government on behalf of the corporations that spawned them like mutant carp .
These corporations do n’t make anything .
They do n’t produce anything .
They gamble and bet and speculate .
And when they lose vast sums they raid the U.S. Treasury so they can go back and do it again .
Never mind that $ 50 trillion in global wealth was erased between September 2007 and March 2009 , including $ 7 trillion in the U.S. stock market and $ 6 trillion in the housing market .
Never mind that the total amount of retirement and household wealth trashed was $ 7.5 trillion or that we saw $ 2 trillion in 401 ( k ) s and individual retirement accounts evaporate .
Never mind the $ 1.9 trillion in traditional defined - benefit plans and the $ 2.6 trillion in nonpension assets that went up in smoke .
Never mind the job losses , the foreclosures and the 35 percent jump in personal and small - business bankruptcies .
There are bundles of new money , taken again from us , to make deals and hand out outrageous bonuses .
And when these trillions run out they will come back for more until our currency becomes junk .
Not that any of these people have thought this through .
They are too busy focused on the pathetic , little monuments they are building to themselves and the intricacies of court intrigue .
“ There are always internal conversations about taking credit for certain trades and deals , ” Prins said of her time at Goldman Sachs .
“ It is childish , except there is so much money at stake and so much power within the firm at stake .
Power in the firm allows you to make money , but it also provides a certain status that everyone looks up to and covets .
There can be a period of a month or two at the end of the year where closed - door conversations occur between managers and people who work for them about compensation .
In these conversations they go something like : ‘ My group did that trade . ’
‘ I did that trade . ’
‘ No , that was my money . ’
‘ No , that was my profit and loss . ’
‘ That ’s my client . ’
‘ I know the other group said that it was their client but actually I had the relationship first . ’
A lot of these petty conversations go back and forth .
All of it to attain money and acquire power and influence within the firm . ”
Those who advance in these institutions master the art of looking like they are doing more than they are actually doing .
It does not matter who does the most .
It matters who can take credit for doing the most .
And that often means poaching someone else ’s work .
Friendship becomes a meaningless word .
So does compassion .
So does honesty .
So does truth .
By any standard comprehensible within the tradition of Western civilization these people are illiterate .
They cannot recognize the vital relationship between power and morality .
They have forgotten , or never knew , that moral traditions are the product of civilization .
Existence , for them , boils down to one overriding imperative — me , me , me .
“ The people who get the higher bonuses are not getting them because they are quietly doing whatever work they are supposed to do , ” said Prins , who also ran the international analytics group at Bear Stearns in London .
“ They are getting that money because they are constantly able to promote themselves . ”
“ The environment is very insular , ” Prins said .
“ It is all about what is happening in the firm .
Who said what .
Who is doing what .
What did they say about you .
How does it affect you .
How does it affect your group .
How does it affect the people above you and below you .
It destroys individuality .
You learn there is a certain way you are supposed to act to be successful .
If you are not doing that , if you are fighting too hard to do something you believe is right , but your managers do n’t want to do , you defer .
Or you fight and it gets marked as a stripe against you .
You do n’t discuss interests that are counter to the firm ’s interests or the firm ’s positions . ”
“ You are not thinking whether it is ethical to dump a bunch of loans into the street or repackage them and re-rate them better , ” she said .
“ You are only thinking about getting the deal done .
You do n’t think about how issuing certain securities or structuring certain deals will impact people [ around you ] . ”
“ When you are living , competing and winning in an environment where it is all about the money and the power , it creates a dividing line between you and the rest of the world , ” Prins said .
“ You do not bother to look over the dividing line .
Your world is on your side of it and the rest of the world is on their side of it .
You are not looking at people being kicked out of their homes and being foreclosed .
You do not see the crying , the anger and the children in the street because [ those in government ] decided to give money to bail out Wall Street firms as opposed to renegotiate mortgage principals so people can continue to live their lives .
You can be callous about it because it does not impact you .
It is not something you notice .
You might read about it .
But you do n’t feel it , watch it or go through it .
You are detached . ”
Banks are continuing to have hemorrhaging in consumer portfolios including mortgage loans , auto loans , credit card loans and other loans .
Bankruptcies are endemic .
Toxic assets if properly assessed would mean that many of our largest banks are insolvent .
But the profits from the trading revenues and bonuses have climbed back to near - record highs .
The sick mentality of the game , the one that created the first worldwide meltdown , dominates the nervous systems of our elite the way cravings overtake heroin addicts .
They ca n’t think of anything else .
They do not know how .
No one goes to Wall Street to further the common good .
People go to make money .
And money , like power , is a potent narcotic .
“ You do n’t think you are doing anything wrong , ” Prins said .
“ You are working .
You are making money .
You are trying to have your bosses like you and pay you .
You run things by legal [ the company ’s legal department ] .
You run things by compliance .
You do n’t believe you are committing a crime .
You are just doing what you are doing . ”
“ We will have another crisis , ” she lamented .
“ I do n’t know when , but it is brewing .
If you do n’t fundamentally change the foundation of the banking system you are piling on capital and time into something that is faulty .
This does not result in decades of stability .
They are banking on trading .
Nothing has changed .
The rest of the consumer economy is continuing to deteriorate .
These losses go into banks .
You gain on trading and lose on more solid practices .
The foundation has not changed .
The regulations are bullshit .
The old assets are still crap .
The new assets created off the old assets are still crap .
The banks are still levering them and still doing the same practices they did before .
We will have another liquidity crunch .
Banks will again stop trusting their assets and each other . …
The buying of complex assets will stop , although this time more quickly .
People will remember what happened before .
You will have a repeat of credit constricting between financial institutions .
It is already constricted on the consumer side .
The banking system will use up this federal capital and then go back for more . ”
Chris Hedges , a former Middle East bureau chief of The New York Times , shared the 2002 Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Journalism .
He has written nine books , including “ Empire of Illusion : The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle ” ( 2009 ) .
His column appears on Truthdig every Monday .
" A combination of new and upgraded sorting machines in mail centres means more than 80 per cent of the mail is now automatically sorted down to the level of the postman or woman 's walk and is delivering cost benefits , while changes in working practices – including everyone working all the hours for which they are paid , working flexibly and using the new equipment we 're investing in – have also helped drive efficiency and offset the effects of volume decline , " he said .
Sarbox is n’t the only regulatory regime under threat .
As Ryan Grim writes over at HuffPo , an amendment has been introduced that would put FASB under the thumb of the new systemic risk oversight council , and give the council the power to literally do away with inconvenient accounting rules that pose a problem for banks .
Astonishingly , at a time when the public is crying out for greater regulation to limit excessive risk - taking by financial institutions , the banks are trying to get Congress to agree that the next time there ’s a big downturn , they should have the ability to alter their accounting standards — essentially , fudge the numbers — so that the public and investors wo n’t be able to tell how insolvent they really are .
By ignoring their declining asset values , they can avoid the standard requirement of raising more capital .
The mechanism is contained in an amendment set to be introduced in mid-November by Rep. Ed Perlmutter ( D - Colo. ) that would move final authority over the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) from the Securities and Exchange Commission to a new body , a so - called “ oversight ” board , that would include the officials charged with managing systemic risks to the financial markets .
Accountants are apoplectic .
Even the Chamber of Commerce is fighting this , on behalf of their non-bank membership , co-signing a letter with the Center for Audit Quality and the Council of Institutional Investors :
By placing the FASB under the jurisdiction of a structure charged with managing systemic risks to the financial markets , accounting rules will be viewed though the narrow lens of a few large companies from specific industries , rather than considerate of the applicability of financial reporting policies to over 15,000 public companies .
Such a narrow focus can skew standards such that it makes understanding of transactions that businesses engage in on a daily basis more difficult and undermine the confidence of investors .
We believe that the SEC has been and continues to be best suited to provide the oversight of the FASB for such a broad and diverse economy .
As such , we strongly support an independent standards - setting process , subject to public scrutiny and free of undue pressures .
Another helpful bit of the article explains how it is n’t Wall Street driving this , it ’s smaller community banks .
It bothers me how small banks have been able to set themselves up as David to the Wall St. Goliath .
No , they do n’t benefit from TBTF guarantees so , yes , they are at a disadvantage relative to Wall St .
But that ’s not a reason to bend the rules in their favor .
No they did n’t get involved in more exotic products that blew up Wall St. , but many got caught in the CRE mania .
If they are insolvent , they need to be shut down .
Otherwise they ’ll continue to absorb capital that should go to solvent banks and borrowers .
But congressmen tend to like little guy storis ( also they like campaign contributions from community banks ) so many are happy to sponsor this race to the bottom .
( By the way ….it ’s interesting that Kanjorski is against this .
Recall that it was his subcommittee that browbeat FASB into overriding fair value rules earlier this year . )
CLEVELAND -- Shaquille O'Neal has a plan to save the NBA 's All - Star dunk contest : Bring back the superstars and do it for devastated Haiti .
Following Tuesday night 's win over Toronto , O'Neal was asked if he would like to see teammate LeBron James participate in this year 's event .
That 's when he offered his idea .
He would like to see former dunk champion Vince Carter , Kobe Bryant and others take part along with James .
" As his manager , I will only allow ' Bron to do the dunk contest if Vince Carter comes back out , " O'Neal said .
" If Kobe comes back out and if another big name comes back out .
If we could get a big prize and have half of the money go to the people of Haiti and the other half to the winner .
" The guys that are in it , no disrespect to them , but there wo n't really be any competition for LeBron .
I want to see Kobe .
I want to see Vince and I will allow my client to enter . "
Could he make it happen ?
" I 'm saying it now , " O'Neal said .
" So tweet it .
Facebook it .
E-mail it and hopefully it gets out .
Vince , we 're calling you out .
Kobe , we 're calling you out .
We 're calling everybody out .
If those guys step up in the dunk contest , then I will allow my client to step up . "
James has decided to skip next month 's event in Dallas after originally saying he would participate .
Rarely in modern times does Washington withdraw from an area of domestic affairs .
December 5 marks the seventy - sixth anniversary of the 21st Amendment , repealing alcohol prohibition .
One of the most energetic political causes in the late 19th and early 20th century was the temperance  movement , which aimed to ban liquor .
The movement comprised religious conservatives , nativists who wanted to crack down on immigrants and minorities , and progressives , who defined their era by their dedication to preemptive justice and their ambitious goal to create a new , refined American man through the force of central planning and federal government power .
The progressive and prohibitionist movements culminated after World War I , when anti-German propaganda contributed to an American taboo against beer and when the spectacle of drunken debauchery of U.S. soldiers on military bases provided the last excuse needed to attempt the  Noble Experiment of prohibition .
In 1919 , the 18th Amendment and Volstead Act nationally outlawed alcohol , a drug used by civilizations for millennia .
Liquor violations quickly dominated the criminal justice system .
By 1924 , the population of federal prisons had almost doubled .
A 1923 congressional study found that state attorneys spent about 44 percent of their time on prohibition cases .
Corruption consumed the legal system .
Prohibition chief Lincoln C. Andrews testified in 1926 that 875 Prohibition Bureau officials had been dismissed for corruption , bribery and misconduct .
Criminal gangs controlled the illegal booze market .
Five thousand speakeasies were operating in Chicago alone .
Violent crime infested the cities .
By the onset of the Great Depression the experiment had been such a failure that even many of its most vocal proponents had turned against it .
When prohibition ended in 1933 , the violent gangs closed their operations and , despite the increasing poverty of the Depression era , rates of homicide and other crimes plummeted .
Today , as tens of millions of Americans drink in moderation , we can hardly imagine that such behavior was federally verboten not too long ago .
When we see the remaining problems associated with alcohol , we must fight the urge to relive the social experiment of prohibition that turned our institutions completely rotten and plagued our streets with bootleggers and shootouts .
Yet much of the prohibitionist legacy remains .
Four years after the 21st amendment , Franklin Roosevelt signed the Marihuana Tax Act into law , prohibiting the drug .
Whereas politicians had once respected the Constitution enough to recognize that it must be legally amended to federally ban alcohol , the war on other drugs continues without any constitutional justification .
Todays drug war is much worse than alcohol prohibition was .
We have half a million people in prison , an overwhelmed judicial system , militarized enforcement , assaults on civil liberties , a foreign policy distorted by drug - war goals and , according to many economists , about twice as many homicides as we would expect if drugs were legal .
All the problems with alcohol prohibition persist in relation to todays illicit drugs , except on a larger scale .
The puritanical mindset behind alcohol prohibition persists .
Drinking ages , open - container laws , state - level alcohol distribution regulations and DUI laws have become ever more draconian , leading to overcrowding jails , erosion of individual liberties , cruel disruption of the lives of the peaceful , and dubious results in actually making our roads and cities safer .
Alcoholic drinks with caffeine may soon be outlawed by the FDA .
Meanwhile , cigarette smokers are being targeted on the margins .
Politicians threaten legislation against transfats and other allegedly unhealthy foods .
It was a great day when alcohol prohibition was lifted and the liberty to drink was restored to the American republic .
But the people never fully grasped the significance of prohibition as a governmental usurpation of individual choice and family and community life .
Alcohol prohibition is over , thank goodness .
But the heavy - handedness of the progressives  greatest social experiment continues today under the banner of other crusades with the same predictable results .
Rep. Ron Paul ( R. , Texas ) , author of an amendment to allow the Government Accountability Office audit monetary policy decisions made by the Federal Reserve .
Mr. Paul said he ’s proud of the amendment but would n’t vote for the broader bill to overhaul financial market rules because he objects with a number of its provisions .
He spoke Friday to the Wall Street Journal .
You are expected to vote against the bill on final passage , but will there be some silver lining if this bill passes because it has your provision ?
Paul : Yeah , I think so .
I think it ’s not final , and there ’s a long way to go .
But it sends a very powerful message .
Not only did we pass it in the House , but we keep getting new cosponsors on the bill .
I think its 316 now .
It keeps going up , and the momentum is there .
And hopefully the grassroots will direct their momentum towards the Senate .
Did you consider voting for the broader bill to support your amendment ?
Paul :
For some people who work in a conventional way , it would be , but not for me .
People have asked me , and I say I ’ll just do what I usually do .
I ’ll look at the whole bill , and try to make the bill as good as possible but if it ’s still something I can’t endorse , then I ’ll vote against final passage .
But I always try to support all the amendments that I think will improve it , but I treated my amendment like I treat every other amendment .
Oh dear , now I do not believe that was meant to happen .
It appears that users of Office 2003 who also protect their documents with the Microsoft Rights Management Service ( RMS ) have found them so well protected that nobody can open them - not even the person who created the documents in the first place .
Microsoft came clean about the problem in a blog post which reveals that " Starting on December 11 , 2009 , customers using Office 2003 will not be able to open Office 2003 documents protected with the Rights Management Service ( RMS ) or save Office 2003 documents protected with RMS " .
It appears that users were faced with the following error message when attempting to open RMS protected documents using Office 2003 :
" Unexpected error occurred .
Please try again later or contact your system administrator "
It has taken a few days but I am informed that a hotfix is now available from Microsoft to unlock those frozen documents .
Better late than never , I guess .
And the cause of the problem , well you 'll love this - an information rights management certificate had expired .
Nice one Microsoft .
New York Governor Paterson defends Wall Street bonuses
By Peter Daniels
15 December 2009
New York State ’s Democratic Governor David Paterson delivered a speech in New York City ’s financial district this past Wednesday defending the investment bankers and traders whose practices played a key role in triggering the massive economic collapse of 2008 .
Paterson went out of his way to praise Wall Street and justify the record bonuses that many banks are preparing to hand out in the coming days , now that they have returned to profitability following the federal government ’s massive Troubled Asset Relief Program bailout .
Speaking before an invited audience at the Museum of American Finance , just one block from the headquarters of the New York Stock Exchange , Paterson said that salaries on Wall Street were “ rather low . ”
While he went on to explain that he was referring to base pay , which averages about $ 100,000 in the financial industry , this alone amounts to three times the average wage .
It is a pittance only in relation to the massive individual bonuses , running into the millions of dollars , that are about to be distributed , as they are every year at this time .
Paterson ’s speech in defense of the huge profits and personal income on Wall Street stood in stark contrast to his continuous demands for more cuts in state services to balance New York ’s budget , which faces a deficit of some $ 3.2 billion for the current year , with far greater shortfalls looming .
On Sunday , the governor ordered his staff to withhold some $ 750 million in appropriations due to be paid to local governments , imposing funding cuts of between 10 percent and 30 percent on local schools and other vital social services .
He celebrates the billions of dollars in bonuses , but tells the state ’s school children , the sick , the old , the poor and the working class as a whole to “ tighten their belts , ” because “ I will not let New York state run out of money on my watch . ”
The governor said New York should get behind the financial services industry as California backs grape growers , Iowa supports corn farmers and Texas defends the oil companies .
He has pointed out the undeniable fact that New York is heavily dependent on tax receipts from the Wall Street millionaires and billionaires — they account for one - fifth of the state ’s revenues .
“ We need to stand behind the engine of our economy in New York , and that engine is Wall Street , ” he said .
Paterson ’s audience of financiers and their supporters was very pleased with his comments .
Richard D. Parsons , the chairman of Citigroup , which has not yet returned the $ 45 billion it received in bailout money , called the speech “ terrific . ”
Kathryn Wylde , of the Partnership for New York City — the city ’s main business group , co-chaired by Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein and media mogul Rupert Murdoch — gushed that Paterson “ is ideally positioned as the person to lead an effort to restore the status of Wall Street , ” against all those who sought “ to blame Wall Street for everybody ’s problems . ”
The only thing surprising about Paterson ’s remarks was their bluntness .
At a time when President Barack Obama and other politicians of both major parties have half - heartedly feigned outrage over Wall Street “ excess , ” Paterson openly acknowledges that his chief constituents , indeed his bosses , are the banking executives and the top echelons of the super - rich as a whole .
As his speech made clear , as far as the New York governor is concerned , greed is indeed good .
Ms. Wylde ’s concern about Wall Street being blamed “ for everybody ’s problems ” does not stem from Obama ’s toothless appeals for the financial sector to act responsibly .
The banks and finance houses are confident that neither the White House nor the Democrats and Republicans in Congress have any intention of attacking their profits and bonuses .
Rather , the worry is that broad layers of the working population are beginning to correctly view finance capital as their main enemy .
This found recent expression in New York at last month ’s Yankees World Series victory parade at which large sections of the predominantly working class crowd gathered near the country ’s biggest finance houses took up the chant , “ Wall Street sucks . ”
It is this popular anger that Wall Street finds disturbing and the reason that Paterson ’s audience of bankers and traders was so grateful to the Democratic governor .
As Ms. Wylde of the Partnership for New York put it , “ The guys from Wall Street are not in a position to sing their own praises right now . ”
Paterson ’s comments about California grapes and Iowa corn are true up to a point .
Every Democratic and Republican politician represents the ruling elite , and primarily those sections that dominate the local or state economy .
In the past , however , Democratic politicians on the state and national level at least made an effort to mask their servility with occasional jibes at big business and expressions of sympathy for the “ little guy . ”
Today the Democrats have openly become the favorite party of Wall Street as evidenced by Obama ’s 2008 campaign contributions .
What Paterson sees no reason to explain is why the fate of the working class majority should be subordinated to a financial oligarchy ’s unrestrained accumulation of wealth .
As far as the governor is concerned , this is self - evident .
“ New York benefits from all that Wall Street does , ” he declared last week .
He was speaking in a city whose unemployment rate has risen to over 10 percent and where Wall Street ’s meltdown is officially projected to wipe out upwards of 250,000 jobs by 2011 .
Wall Street ’s domination of New York ’s and the entire country ’s economy has spelled unemployment , foreclosures and misery for tens of millions of people .
Nonetheless , Paterson insists that its interests remain paramount and that the state ’s entire population should cheer as social wealth is increasingly monopolized by the top 1 percent .
Behind Obama ’s throw - away line about “ fat cats , ” this is the real perspective of the Democratic Party .
OTTAWA , Oct. 7 - A court decision Friday renewed the possibility that service to BlackBerry wireless e-mail devices might be cut off for most users in the United States .
The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington rejected a request by Research in Motion , the Canadian company that makes the BlackBerry , to rehear its appeal of a patent infringement case brought by NTP Inc. , the patent holder .
A three - judge panel of the court ruled in August that Research in Motion had violated seven of NTP 's patents .
As part of that litigation , NTP , whose only assets are wireless e-mail related patents , had been granted an injunction banning the sale of BlackBerry devices in the United States and forcing Research in Motion to stop providing e-mail services to all American customers except government account holders .
While the court declined Research in Motion 's request for a complete rehearing by all 12 of its judges , it did order the panel of three judges to review some aspects of NTP 's patent claims .
