Many white working - class communities believe their views on immigration are being ignored , while those coming into the country are given preferential access to housing and benefits .
The research by the Department for Communities and Local Government found that white working - class communities felt they had been " betrayed " and abandoned by the establishment , which no longer had their concerns at heart .
The Communities Secretary , Hazel Blears , said that politicians had to start engaging with the disenchantment among poorer , white sections of society in order to combat growing " myths " over the treatment of immigrants .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Her department 's report suggested , she said , that the resentment , unfairness and disempowerment perceived by the group together with the absence of an " open and honest discussion " about immigration had created fertile ground for the far - right to exploit .
Its conclusions , based on interviews with people living on council estates in Birmingham , Milton Keynes , Thetford , Runcorn and Widnes , found that while there was a high amount of disquiet over benefits given to immigrants , few of those asked had experienced regular contact with people from ethnic minorities .
It said that hostility towards them was worst in deprived , working class areas because " people who have the least are more likely to be afraid of things being taken away from them " .
Ms Blears warned that branding the views " racist " risked alienating the communities affected even further , and called on politicians to respond to their " real and perceived sense of unfairness " .
" White working class people living on estates sometimes just do n't feel anyone is listening or speaking up for them .
Whilst they might not be experiencing the direct impact of migration , their fear of it is acute , " she said .
" Changes in communities can generate unease and uncertainty .
These changes need to be explained and questions need to be answered or the myths that currently surround the treatment of ethnic minorities ' jumping the queue ' will become increasingly hard to shift . "
Conservative community cohesion and social action spokeswoman , Baroness Warsi , said the report proved that New Labour had " completely lost touch with their so - called roots " .
" The danger for the rest of us is that this has now created a ticking time bomb of racial and class prejudice .
" Amongst other things this has also demonstrated the dangers of Labour 's past use of identity politics for electoral purposes . "
The cartels , on the other hand , are pushing a renewable commodity with a fairly inelastic demand curve .
The GAO says they brought in $ 23 billion in 2007 , and it 's possible that they 'll do even better this year .
Cocaine use skyrocketed during the 80s recession , and the decline of the Mexican economy and a rise in unemployment will make the drug business even more attractive to Mexico 's poor .
Of course , plenty of the cartels ' income is being spent on things like zoo animals , but what 's left over still buys a lot of guns — a lot of guns .
More importantly , it buys skills .
In the 90s , the Gulf Cartel began employing rogue School of the Americas - trained Mexican and Guatemalan special forces members as bodyguards .
Known as " Los Zetas , " by 2004 they had predictably taken over leadership of the cartel .
Los Zetas operate with a degree of tactical sophistication that the Mexican federal government , quite frankly , can't match .
In the United States , a drug raid is a SWAT team kicking down the door of a crack house .
In Mexico , it increasingly tends to be a hours - long infantry battle in somewhere like downtown Tijuana , with Mexican soldiers retreating under fire from grenade launchers and .50 - caliber machineguns .
Right now Mexico has 45,000 troops bolstering the police in the drug war .
The United States is helping to prop up the Calderón administration with money and surplus military equipment through the Mérida Initiative or " Plan Mexico , " along with training from FBI and DEA advisors ( who knows what other government agencies are doing down there , but it 's not likely to be pleasant ) .
Whether this support will be enough remains to be seen , but it 's doubtful .
$ 1.6 billion is a drop in the bucket in a conflict of this scale .
His nuclear option is to call for overt intervention by the United States military .
That would be political suicide for him and probably Obama too .
If military action is authorized , it would probably be limited to something quiet initially , like employing the US expertise in blasting SUVs with Predator drones .
Targeted killings can only accomplish so much , though .
If the situation escalates , the United States could easily face a worst - case scenario : being caught up in a de facto civil war in the urban slums of Mexico .
The cartels are already the new cultural heroes of Mexico .
If they 're aggressive enough to face down US military intervention , it would give them further legitimacy in the eyes of a people with a long memory .
A US armed response below the Rio Grande , viewed as an invasion by a poor and angry population , could easily make Iraq look like a good idea .
The cartels , or at least cartel members , could become the nucleus of an heavily - armed insurgency not only familiar with , but able to blend into , the interior of the United States .
Not to mention the implications of millions of refugees pouring north across the border .
Admittedly , this is an unlikely scenario , but stranger things have happened .
At the very least , Mexico has the potential to become the foreign policy focus of the Obama administration , eclipsing Iraq and Afghanistan .
Hopefully Obama and Calderón can craft a solution that brings narco - violence back down to nuisance levels .
If not , though , things look grim for Mexico , and with it the United States , if only by virtue of proximity .
To get back on topic , decapitations are still all the rage south of the border .
In September , 11 human heads were apparently burnt as ritual offerings to Santa Muerte , a folk deity that the cartels have adopted as their patron saint ( giving us awesome shoes and evocative terms like " narco- cultist " ) .
Mexican soldiers have also started to lose their heads .
While an alarmist might be tempted to draw a connection between the tactics of the cartels and Al - Qaeda , it 's probably safer to assume that it's an example of convergent evolution .
Decapitation is just scary , and these guys are into that .
As wind industry claimed that vertical turbines are ineffective , inventor Adam Fuller developed a project to prove this theory wrong .
He designed a windmill consisting of 8 turbines , each having 4 structural steel wind scoops .
The vertical turbine has 32 scoops in total and the wind can blow from any direction making the blades spin .
By now the prototype is working flawlessly and even the slightest breeze of wind can make its blades spin .
The turbine has a 12 feet diameter and is 36 feet tall .
As nobody made a large scale vertical turbine before , Fuller thinks his will be the one : “ I ’ve been able to demonstrate that for every 10 feet of baffle , there ’s a 300 percent increase of output with the rotor .
So my thought is that a 40 foot baffle will increase output by 1200 percent .
If the 40 foot baffle system is successful , that means that 1 turbine and baffle system ( about $ 200,000 ) , would have the same amount of power as 12 turbines without baffles ( about $ 150,000 ) , so there ’s financial efficiency .
That ’s a big change ” .
Fuller wants to build a 120 foot model of the vertical wind turbine which he estimates could produce 30,000 to 75,000 kWh each month , enough to power up with energy 30 to 70 homes .
His success in implementing a large scale vertical turbine will probably depend on government funding .
But as his project seems to work perfectly he will probably not need to knock on many doors to fulfill his dream .
[ via cleantechnica.com ]
( Visited 581 times , 1 visits today )
Martial arts is a wide term that is used to refer to a variety of fighting and training styles .
Some popular martial arts include Aikido , Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , Judo , Taekwondo , Karate , Kung Fu , Mixed martial arts and more .
Martial arts training is rooted in specific philosophical and spiritual teachings and the students are supposed to abide by and uphold those philosophies .
So , in addition to learning how to fight and defend oneself , undergoing martial arts training has the ability to completely transform a person from the inside out .
In this article , we will be looking at some of the main benefits of learning and training in martial arts .
Solid Reason to Train in Martial Arts
The first benefit is that it will teach you discipline .
Discipline is the cornerstone of any martial art and you will need a great deal of it in order to consistently train in your chosen style .
Also , there will be many times that you wo n’t feel like going to classes , so you must learn to persevere and go to your classes on a regular basis .
Many people do n’t even make it to the 6 month mark , so once you do , you will be ahead of the majority .
Though not as ideal as going to an actual dojo , you can learn from watching video as well .
At a site like www.tbotech.com, there are many options for learning different techniques .
Also , since you will need to learn and practice various skills and go through an exam before moving to a new belt , this will help to develop your ability to discipline yourself and achieve your goals .
Once you have learned this through martial arts , it will be much easier to be disciplined in every aspect of your life and become a successful person .
The next benefit of doing martial arts is that it will keep you fit , healthy and at your ideal weight .
Martial arts will teach you how to fight and the training drills are usually quite intense .
This is a contact sport which means that you will have to train your mind , muscles and body to react quickly in order to beat your opponent .
Many of the training drills will include body weight exercises , skipping , various cardio exercises , weight training etc .
The point of these exercises would be to increase your fitness and help you to build the stamina and endurance you will need in a fight .
Regain Your Confidence
Thirdly , you will gain confidence while also learning to have a humble mindset .
These might seem to be two opposing traits , but this is not the case .
You will gain confidence as you learn how to fight , defend yourself and improve your overall fitness .
Also , since you will most likely learn within a class with other students , the camaraderie and community spirit will definitely do wonders for your self esteem .
Lastly , you will also learn about positive conflict resolution .
Many people think that martial artists are aggressive and dangerous , but this is untrue .
One of the first things that you will learn when studying a martial art is that conflict and fighting should be avoided .
There is no such thing as fighting words and when there is an argument , you should try to resolve it calmly and peacefully , instead of just reacting .
In closing , these are just a few benefits of doing martial arts and there are many more .
So , if you want to start , then I wholeheartedly encourage you to do so , as it will definitely change your life for the better .
Free next business day delivery is available on all orders over £ 125.00 + VAT on the UK mainland .
Most items are shipped to you via ‘ Next Working Day ’ courier service .
The cut - off for next working day delivery is 4:30 pm .
In the event of an item not being available via this service , we will endeavour to contact you at the earliest opportunity .
We also deliver to the Channel Islands , Scottish Islands , Isle of Man , Northern Ireland and Eire .
Areas such as the Scottish Highlands or where a body of water is crossed are subject to a 2 - 3 working day delivery time .
No guarantees are given for next day delivery .
However , our mission is to achieve this where possible .
While the DS is sold as a gaming console , the hardware can have many uses .
While the US market has n't been as friendly to DS software like language trainers and personal organizers as the Japanese market has , a very cool product has just been released here that allows you to create your own electronic compositions on the Nintendo DS .
The Korg DS - 10 is here , and , while you may have to spend some time with the product before you learn the ins and outs of the software , the $ 40 software has some serious potential .
Ars spoke to Nobuyoshi Sano , the producer of the DS - 10 , and he wanted to stress exactly what the product is .
" The DS - 10 is not a game , but a professional music creation software tool that just happens to be on a gaming platform , " he told us .
He 's right .
When you first turn on the product you 're presented with a wealth of options and intimidating screens filled with dials and knobs .
It looks like anything but a game and , if you 've never used a high - level synthesizer before , be prepared to feel lost .
Sano does n't see this as a problem , however .
" Instead of trying to learn everything the software can do , I think one of the joys of DS - 10 is to go with your instinct and have fun with the tone and sound , and before you know it you have a song on your hands . "
We had fun twisting the knobs , using the touch screen , and generally trying things out in the hope of getting some interesting sounds out of the software .
It 's amazing to look at what a practiced hand can do with the software .
The ability to hook the DS up to a set of speakers and the portable nature of the hardware means you could use the software during live shows , if you 're so inclined , or you can just bring it to parties to show off your music .
Be prepared to put some hours into learning the ins and outs of the system — the video tutorials on the product 's site are certainly helpful , but if you 've ever been interested in learning how a synth works , this is an inexpensive way to teach yourself .
Oddly enough , although it comes with a " low price " for a music product , the DS - 10 has caused some mainstream retailers issues .
" Since this title is so unique and the first of its kind , some retailers have indeed been hesitating to carry it since they believe that a $ 39.99 suggested retail price is too high for a DS ' game , ' " Sano told us .
" The music enthusiasts out there know it ’s an absolute bargain at that price since the DS - 10 is a full - featured synthesizer comparable to hardware that costs hundreds of dollars , but it ’s been challenging to convince retail video game buyers of that since they are used to dealing with a $ 29.99 price point for most DS games . "
He said they are in talks with some specialty music retailers to stock the software .
The product may seem like a powerful musical tool crammed into a gaming system but , in practice , the DS does a very good job of letting you control all of the many features of a synthesizer .
" At the beginning of this project , before thinking of the primary audience , it was simply all the development staff who loves synthesizers getting together and wanting to create something that we wanted , " Sano told Ars .
As a labor of love , this is a very cool product and , while the creator 's do n't like to call it a game , you can certainly have a whole lot of fun playing with it .
People certainly need to know exactly what they 're buying — you 'll get as much out of it as you put into it .
The Korg DS - 10 can be anything from a fun desk toy for those who want to throw on some headphones and make some music , but it can also function as a portable part of a real band .
You can even wirelessly link up multiple carts to make music with friends .
Here 's hoping more companies find interesting uses for the Nintendo DS .
CHICAGO -- Basic arithmetic and " number sense " appear to be part of the shared evolutionary past of many primates ; it 's the use of language to explain abstractions that apparently takes human math to a higher level .
Elizabeth Brannon , an assistant professor of psychology and neuroscience at Duke University , studies how human adults and infants , lemurs , and monkeys think about numbers without using language .
She 's looking for the brain systems that support number sense and trying to figure out how this cognitive skill develops .
" Number is one of the more abstract domains of cognition : three coins and three loaves of bread are very different concepts , " says Brannon , who appears on a Friday afternoon panel at the AAAS annual meeting called " Comparative Cognition : The Science of Mental Evolution .
" Yet , many studies show that babies , even in the first year of life , can tell the difference between quantities . "
She runs about 500 babies per year through her testing lab at Duke , as well as macaques , lemurs and the odd undergraduate .
Most of the experiments involve computer touch - screens and sets of brightly colored dots .
After seeing the same number of objects repeated in different - looking sets , infants recognize the novelty of a new number of objects .
So do macaques .
And both college kids and macaques can do a rough sort of math by summing sets of objects without actually counting them .
Their speed and accuracy are about the same , in fact .
That the evolved brain has some fundamental sense of number without language should come as little surprise , Brannon says .
" There are all sorts of reasons why number would be useful for nonhuman animals in the wild .
In foraging situations animals need to make decisions about how long to stay in a given patch of food and when to move on , " Brannon says .
" Territorial animals may need to assess the number of individuals in their own group relative to competing groups to decide whether to stand their ground or retreat . "
Understanding the biological basis of our number sense might also help early childhood educators .
Brannon 's latest work is aimed at understanding how the human brain changes to accommodate symbolism as a child learns the names of numbers and begins to grasp more abstract manipulations .
" If the nonverbal number sense is really providing a critical foundation for math achievement , then this will suggest teaching methods that provide more grounding in the nonverbal quantity system . "
Brannon is also exploring the macaque 's sense of an empty set , what we 'd call zero with our linguistically intensive sense of number .
The monkeys are more likely to confuse an empty set with a 1 or a 2 than they are to confuse it with an 8 or a 9 , she says , which shows they 're putting zero in the proper place on the number line .
" We 're trying to understand how the animal mind works .
How much of human thought is dependent on language ? "
Source : Duke University
Do n’t try this at home boys and girls .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Skip to comments .
Homosexuals immune to Mass . budget cuts
One News Now ^ |
1/8/2009 | Pete Chagnon
Posted on by IbJensen
A pro-family advocate says budget cuts are coming for Massachusetts schools , but programs aimed at promoting homosexuality need not worry .
Many states across the U.S. are facing budget deficits , and Massachusetts is not immune .
Governor Deval Patrick and state lawmakers have already slashed millions from the budget , but more cuts are on the way .
Brian Camenker of MassResistance says more than 1,000 state jobs as well as public school funding have been cut , while mental health facilities have also been closed .
However , pro-homosexual programs in Massachusetts ' public schools have remained .
According to Camenker , the governor and the legislature are " very tight " with the homosexual lobby .
" Very publicly , I might add , as anyone I 've ever seen .
The governor marches in the gay pride parades , " he points out .
" Anything they want , they get . "
A large sum of money -- $ 850,000 -- that is allotted for these pro-homosexual school programs is being questioned .
" And that has been untouchable , " Camenker contends .
" I have spoken with [ the ]
Senate president 's office ; I 've spoken with the governor 's office .
I 've spoken with the governor 's budget office -- and you know , they all support it , and that 's that . "
Camenker notes that $ 150,000 of the $ 850,000 was cut .
But upon further investigation , he found that the $ 150,000 was being funneled back in through the Department of Public Health .
MassResistance plans to organize thousands of concerned citizens to converge on the legislature and demand that this " outrage " stop .
TOPICS :
Constitution / Conservatism
Crime / Corruption
News / Current Events
US : Massachusetts
KEYWORDS :
homosexualagenda
homosexuals
perverts
Putting perverts on a pedestal does n't appear to me to be very sound policy .
Massachusetts citizens had better start fighting back !
Comment # 2 Removed by Moderator
To : IbJensen
A pro-family advocate says budget cuts are coming for Massachusetts schools , but programs aimed at promoting homosexuality need not worry .
The question needs to be asked :
Why is homosexuality being promoted ?
by 3 posted onby jeffc ( They 're coming to take me away !
Ha -ha , he - he , ho -ho ! )
To : IbJensen
Seems to me this is one time where they are n’t taking it up .........
This time its the rest of us .
by 4 posted onby swarthyguy ( " We may be crazy in Pakistan , but not completely out of our minds , " ISI Gen .
Ahmed Shujaa Pasha )
To : jeffc
The question needs to be asked :
Why is homosexuality being promoted ?
Quite obviously you 're a bigot for asking that question . [ / s ]
by 5 posted onby MahatmaGandu ( Remember , remember , the twenty - sixth of November . )
To : IbJensen
It ’s not surprising that a politically dysfunctional state would favor sexually dyslexic people .
by 6 posted onby RoadTest ( The heart is deceitful above all things , and desperately wicked : who can know it ?
- Jer.17:9 )
To : IbJensen
You can slash funding for the “ Three Rs ” that kids need to make it in this world , but do n’t touch the homosexual indoctrination !
Kids there will grow up dumb ; maybe gay , but still dumb .
by 7 posted onby antiRepublicrat ( " I am a firm believer that there are not two sides to every issue ... " -- Arianna Huffington )
To : IbJensen
They may be immune to budget cuts , but not to the judgement of God .
by 8 posted onby ToGodBeTheGlory ( All our promises and resolutions end in denial because we have no power to accomplish them . )
To : IbJensen
Perhaps our guv’nah has a personal interest in this funding .
by 9 posted onby trisham ( Zen is not easy .
It takes effort to attain nothingness .
And then what do you have ?
Bupkis . )
To : antiRepublicrat
Did n’t Rome become queer right before it collapsed ?
by 10 posted onby SisterK ( pop culture is the opiate of the people )
To : trisham
I thought your guv’nah was heading to Washington to join his buddy Barry .
What happened ?
Did his appointment fall thought ?
To : swarthyguy
The sodomites may be immune from tax cuts , but they ’re not immune to AIDs .
by 12 posted onby IbJensen ( The inauguration will be an event not to be missed .
( By Clueless Americans ) )
To : ladyjane
I hope not .
Heh . :)
by 13 posted onby trisham ( Zen is not easy .
It takes effort to attain nothingness .
And then what do you have ?
Bupkis . )
To : jeffc
Massachusetts ’ hospitals are having a sale on colostomy bags .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
REDACTED
In fact , yes , I did put this off so long that it 's two weeks late .
You 'll have to excuse me , I have been somewhat distracted with the
In only approximate order of favoriteness , here is my year - end wrap - up .
As in previous years , a few of the entries on the following list were released earlier than 2008 , but that is when I discovered them , so I 'm allowing a little slack ( but less slack than in previous years ! )
In 2008 , I acquired roughly the same amount of new music as I did last year , but this year a lot more of it was recently - released : roughly 230 new releases and 100ish old ones .
I think all of these bands have made appearances on the jwz mixtapes this year .
I spent a week trying to write a couple of sentences about each of these telling you why you should listen to them , like I did in each of the last seven years (!!) but you know what ?
That 's a pain in the ass , and I 'm not really very good at writing about music .
I 'm not convinced any of you read this crap anyway .
So , instead , here 's a list of roughly forty albums that were released roughly last year that you should listen to because I loved them and you trust me .
I feel a little bad about doing it this way , because I know that when I come across someone 's un-annotated list of favorite music , even I am less likely to click the links , and I 'm a near - pathologically compulsive seeker of new music .
But , if you 've been listening to my mixtapes , you know what kind of things I like , and you 've already heard all of these anyway .
Here , then , is the new .
It had been a tough morning .
I ’d been working on a dense slab of C code .
The unit tests were in place : now I ’d started to simplify , extracting cut and paste code blocks , unifying types , eliminating casts , stripping redundant comments , eliminating unreachable and commented - out code .
It had become an uphill struggle and I needed a break .
I walked down Park Street , down past the fashionable cafes and restaurants , down past the trendy clothes shops , down past the art shops .
Near the bottom of the hill an unusual bike in the window of Dave Bater cycles caught my eye .
The design of the road bicycle has n’t changed much in the past hundred years .
The bike used by François Faber , winner of the Tour de France in 1909 , a 4500 km epic cursed with bad weather and reputed to be the toughest ever —
Faber ’s bike looks remarkably similar to the road bikes used today : the frame geometry , the pair of equal - sized spoked wheels , the drop handle - bars , the crank and chain transmission system — all much the same .
Antoine de Saint - Euxpery famously described the point at which design perfection is achieved — “ not when there is nothing left to add , but when there is nothing left to take away ” — a quotation repeated too many times now , but all too true when it comes to human - powered ascent of Alpe d’Huez .
Yet the bike in the shop window on Park Street had found a way to simplify even this durable design .
It had no gears , no drop to the handle bars , no toe clips .
Certainly no mudguards , rack or bottle - cage — not even braze - ons for attaching such frivolities .
Its minimal design had a certain appeal .
I ’d seen bikes like this used before by cycle couriers in central London .
For short journeys over flat terrain , they have some advantages .
In fact , one further reduction is possible : if you dispense with the freewheel you do n’t need brakes , and I have seen a courier riding a fixed wheel , though I suspect in his case turning heads was more important than turning pedals 1 .
François Faber ’s bike has no gears either .
They ’d been invented but Henri Desgrange , original director of the Tour de France , prohibited their use .
He tried to ban freewheels too , but then his perfect Tour would have had a perfect winner only if just one man survived .
Good design is simple , not severe .
Good code is concise , not minimal .
Many years ago I worked as a bicycle courier in Sydney , a city famous for its harbour and surrounding hills .
My bike had 18 gears and I needed every one of them .
Bristol too is reknowned for its hills .
Park Street is n’t quite the steepest of these , but I would n’t fancy attempting it on the bike in the shop window .
I turned back up the hill towards work .
Maybe a salad for lunch , and an afternoon tinkering with shell scripts .
I ’m reminded of a cycling school friend who used to cruise the mean streets of Ealing on a fixed - wheel bike .
A girl at the side of the road caught his eye , he ’d caught hers too , so he slowed down and made a neat U - turn to say hello .
He ’d forgotten he could n’t freewheel .
His legs stopped , the pedals did n’t , and his stubborn mount unsaddled him .
He limped home alone .
Kingston Rossdale Manages the Paparazzi Without Gwen and Gavin ( Photos )
One of Hollywood 's most adorable tots proved he knows how to work the cameras even without his parents in tow .
Musiciansandwere nowhere to be seen yesterday as their oldest son Kingston played with his nanny at Coldwater Canyon Park in Los Angeles .
Little Kingston appears to be very aware that he was getting his pictures taken by the paparazzi and he has taken matters into his own hands by waving them off in our lead photo .
This youngster is apparently demonstrating what he has observed on previous outings with the adults in his life .
More adorable photos of Kingston below .
Photos : Wenn
TALES OF RADIAL HYPOPLASIA KITTIES
The following are accounts written by owners of Radial Hypoplasia ( RH ) cats , also known as Twisty Cats ( or Twisty Kats ) .
KEEBO
Carol Waugh , 2014
In March 2014 , Carol Waugh wrote to me about her RH kitty , Keebo who has a Facebook page called " keebo the deformed mini kitty " .
At 3 years old , Keebo weighs only 2 pounds .
She has extra toes on each back paw , is able to hop pretty high , runs really fast ..
But to walk , sometimes she walks mainly in her 2 back paws which makes her look like a T - Rex dinosaur .
At other times she pulls herself with her one front paw ; the other front paw is becoming more and more unusable .
When Carol first rescued Keebo from a shelter 3 years ago , and took her to the vet , she was informed Keebo was “ deformed " due to how she was carried in the uterus .
And that she must have been a part of a large litter , and her front paws must have not been able to be developed .
The vet Said that cats like her would end up using their hind legs to get around on more than their front paws , and her tail would be stronger than most for balancing purposes .
All those things did become true .
After featuring Keebo got a Facebook page and featured on YouTube , Carol learnt that the cat had radial hypoplasia ( in fact Keebo came 5th out of 181 videos of RH cats ) .
A community , called Gilberts Possee , will fund a visit to a specialist vet who can assess Keebo ’s condition and general health e.g. any internal deformities , arthritic condtions in the back etc .
At home , Keebo likes to rest her forequarters on ledges to take the pressure off her spine .
THE STORY OF ROO
Jacqueline Forrest , 2003
I am a volunteer at a cat rescue society in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
I was searching the internet for resources for our website www.meowfoundation.com and found your information about radial hypoplasia and the cat named Crooked - Legs ( see photos at bottom ) , who looks so much like my now deceased cat Roo I was literally left breathless at my computer .
I include my story of Roo for your information and because your sentence stating " So far nothing is known about whether the cats have internal abnormalities as well " is why I wrote a letter to the American publication Cats Magazine after reading the Twisty Kats Scandal article .
This letter was never sent to Cats Magazine ( note : the magazine had gone out of business ) .
As you can see from Roo 's photos and story , she and Crooked - Legs are very similar in looks and abilities .
Reading about Crooked - Legs limitations was Roo 's story repeated .
I do not know how Roo came to the animal shelter so I can not pass on to you any background information on health or environment .
I was so alarmed by the fact that someone could choose to breed Twisty Cats and be proud of it , I felt I had to write Roo 's story for her sake .
Roo only lived to be 5 years old - a very short life for a cat as we both know .
I truly hope Crooked - Legs is having a long healthy life and that Roo 's heart problems were just unfortunate gene combinations .
I also hope that a so - called breed of cats is not at risk of having the same health concerns .
The first time I saw Roo I cried .
I thought she 'd broken both front legs and healed crookedly without veterinary care .
But she was born this way .
Roo looks like the cats described in The Twisty Kats Scandal article .
She is small , with short bent front legs , fused front paws with nails that do n't retract , large back legs with an extra toe on each foot , and a long thin tail with a nub at the end .
To investigate the world , Roo stands on her back feet with her front legs close to her chest , looking like a black and white baby kangaroo .
She walks on her elbows with her rear end jacked up .
She can only sit with her front legs curled under her chest .
I adopted Roo from the animal shelter when she was almost 2 years old .
At her first check - up my veterinarian ( Dr. Joanne Krahn at the Calgary Cat Clinic ) said Roo was in good health but had a heart murmur .
That did not worry me at the time as my first cat had lived many years with a heart murmur .
At home , we noticed Roo had difficulties jumping down ( not up ) , and walking on smooth floors .
We " Roo-ized " the house immediately ... folded carpets placed for soft landings ; more area carpets for traction ; a new scratching post with wider , longer and more platforms ; and furniture placed to make ladders .
For example , when Roo climbs off our bed , she jumps from the bed to a chest , and then down to a folded carpet on the floor .
At first , we would sometimes come home to a cat with bent or broken eyebrows from landing face first .
But she learned quickly to get around our house .
To reach her favorite top spot on the scratching post , she taught herself to come down the multiple levels by jumping with a half twist to swing her heavy rear end around to the landing spot .
With her combination of crooked , fused paws and front nails that do not retract , she sometimes got stuck to the scratching post so we had her nails trimmed professionally on a regular basis .
Soon Roo and her cat " sisters " settled in and the household routine was established .
Roo can not live a full cat life .
She often needs to be carried , lifted and rescued in every - day situations .
She gets left out of activities with our other two cats and sticks close to me .
The sound of her walking is enough to break your heart - thump , drag , thump , drag .
But all seemed well until a year later when Roo experienced two episodes where she had problems breathing .
Right there at the vet appointment , I came across the article DNA for Play ?
The Twisty Kats Scandal discussing breeding cats with deformities by Vickie Ives Speir in Texas .
I sat there with my mouth hanging open - how could anyone chose to breed cats like my little Roo who has to put up with so many limitations ?
To do this to an animal on purpose was incredible .
Still in a daze after reading the article , we went in for our appointment .
When Dr. Krahn listened to Roo's heart , she noticed a significant increase in her heart murmur .
An x-ray showed Roo has an enlarged heart .
An ultra - sound was performed shortly afterwards by Dr. Drew Van Ne Kirk ( Calgary North Animal Emergency ) resulting in more bad news .
Roo has a list of congenital heart defects as well as the enlarged heart and heart murmur : leaky valves , thickened walls , an aortic outflow obstruction and a hole in her heart .
My heart felt like it broke at those words .
My little survivor had even more to contend with .
The veterinarians thought Roo only had about 6 months to live , and then she would likely die of congestive heart failure .
I was a mess of emotions .
My denial , anger , sadness and eventual acceptance of Roo 's poor health , plus the outrage that someone was deliberately creating a breed based on a physical defect was overwhelming .
Numerous times I tried to write a letter to the editor of Cats Magazine but each time I felt like I was writing Roo 's eulogy and could not do it .
I still keep asking myself , are Roo 's heart problems connected to her other physical problems ?
Or was Roo just born with a bad combination of genes ?
Is Vickie Ives Speir breeding cats with weak hearts and short lives ?
I have n't found the answers to my questions but I want to tell Roo 's story to your readers .
Incredibly , after almost two years of periodic " episodes " Roo 's health has started to deteriorate .
Roo is a very sweet and loving cat and we are extremely bonded .
I wish she could have a long life with us but that will not be her fate .
The more I re-read the Cats Magazine article on the Twisty Kats , the angrier I become .
Roo 's deformities cause her enough difficulties in life , but to intentionally inflict this on an animal is horrid .
I was impressed that Cats Magazine took a stand on this controversial subject .
I hope that with continued pressure breeding of cats with deformities stops .
I only wish Vickie Ives Speir was more interested in the quality of life for a cat , and less " interested in the genetics " .
I originally wrote this when Roo was still alive .
Unfortunately she passed away in August 2002 of congestive heart failure .
Our hearts are broken at the loss of our little Roo
THE STORY OF HEIDI
Jan Griffith , 2002
This article has been edited together , with permission , from an ongoing correspondence .
Sadly one of the cats , See Too , died in an outbreak of infectious enteritis .
I have decided to send Heidi's story to you by email , but to do it in instalments .
I have a question before I do that : " do they have internal problems or is it usually just the feet and leg problems ? "
Heidi had never had health problems but has always been touchy about her hind quarters ; in other words , do n't pet her by the tail or touch her in any way on the rear and do n't scratch her at the base of the tail like a lot of cats like .
She is having some problems now , I 'm not sure what .
A few days ago we noticed her drinking a lot of water at one sitting , but were n't too alarmed .
This morning I noticed her sitting in the cat box for a long time , but could n't tell is she had done anything .
I have found 2 days in a row some peculiar messes on the floor .
I thought it was that , but this morning there was blood looking stuff in small amounts of the other .
We have 2 neutered cats that have the urinary tract problems and who had to be catheterized to get rid of the stones and other plugs .
That is what Heidi acts like , however this stuff looks like it could have come from the rectum instead .
Heidi's mother was a semi - wild cat born on our property .
We live in the country a ways and have always had lots of cats - they keep the majority of the snakes away .
It 's not unusual for us to have some that have not tamed down .
Heidi's mother was one of those .
We could reach out and touch her but not really pet her .
I believe this cat may have had a litter before though we have never had anything like Heidi 's problem .
I have often wondered about our " See - Too " cat ( listed at the vets as C - 2 ) .
It started out as C.II short for Colonel II .
But " See - Too " is a much better name - it really describes his personality .
I call him my " low - rider " like the fad in automobiles .
His front legs are pretty short , but not so much that he is deformed .
He is one that has the urinary tract problem so he has been at the vets a number of times and the vet has never mentioned the legs .
He was the only cat I had ever seen with front legs that short however .
We knew that the mama cat had had some kittens somewhere .
She brought two kittens to the back porch one day and then left .
They were less than a month old - eyes open but not moving around much .
I put them in a box but left them outside .
I kept going out and looking at them to make sure the fire ants were n't getting to them .
The mama did n't come back , so at night I took the kittens inside , but did not feed or give water .
I was afraid that if she did come back she would n't take them back if I messed with them too much .
By morning they were very vocal , I had kept them warm , but warm does n't fill the belly .
When I started out to feed them , I saw that the mama had come back , but was acting very scared , no doubt wondering where her babies were .
However , if I had n't interfered , the fire ants would have had them by then so I thought she was a tad ungrateful !
At that point I was upset with her anyway , because when I saw Heidi's legs I had thought the mother had laid on them and broken them .
And then for mama to just run off - I considered her a very irresponsible mother !
I stayed behind the door as much as possible and scooted the box out .
Mama started to run , but came back when she heard the babies who were very vocal at that point .
To my surprise and relief she jumped into the box and started taking care of them .
I have bottle fed many babies , but not that young for some time .
The every 2 hours was something I did n't want to have to do , but would have done if mama had n't come back .
When I started out to feed again about an hour later ( I wanted to give her time to feed them good before I went out ) they were all three gone .
Mama showed up to eat most days and when I could sneak a hand to her tummy , I would check to see if she still was nursing .
She was , all those weeks until she brought them back to the house again .
My heart was broken by Heidi's legs , when I picked her up that day ; they almost dangled like they were broken .
I felt like both kittens were surviving by the way the tummy felt on the mama .
I still thought mama had laid on her and did n't really know what kind of shape she would be in when mama brought them back to the house .
She always brought them to the house after they were weaned .
It was the only litter we had at that time , so when I heard kittens under the house early one morning about a month later , I knew she had brought them back .
When I went out to feed the rest of the cats I found the male dead by the feed pan covered with fire ants .
I disposed of the body and would n't have seen Heidi ( then unnamed ) but I heard her screaming .
It was n't the usual cat sound .
I 've never heard her make the same sound since !.
I got a towel , put it over her head and around her tiny body .
She was terrified and tried to get away from me , but I knew I could n't let her get under the house , besides she could n't walk well and just sort of fell around .
As soon as I wrapped her up and held her close to me she was still .
I first took her into our bedroom and put her on the bed to look at her closer .
I had not done anything the first time because I did n't want my scent on her any more than necessary .
I was totally perplexed at her front legs , but did n't know enough detail about a cat 's skeleton to know what was wrong .
I had to go on to work , but knew I could n't leave her behind in the bathroom ( has been our nursery , hospital etc ! ) besides , I did n't know what she could do .
The way she sort of fell around when she walked frightened me .
The carrier was way too big , so I emptied the rest of the litter from a Tidy Cat Litter box , put some holes in the top , grabbed a handful of cat food and away we went .
She fit in my open hand , so the litter box with a rag in it was perfect , it was really cozy .
I carried her back and forth in the box until she got strong enough to crawl to the top and get out , I then started using the carrier .
That first day , I put newspaper down , turned the box on its side so she could use it as her bed , put down a bowl of water which I changed to a jar lid really quick because she could n't stand at the bowl very well as her balance was not developed .
I did n't get much work done that day !
She slept a lot , but when she did get up her legs seemed to be very weak .
At that point I did not know what to expect , as to what she could do .
She has always had difficulty with the water bowl , but now we have an automatic waterer less than 2 inches high it 's easier for her .
When she eats , she does n't eat like our other cats .
She uses her tongue to sort of scoop and uses her whole mouth like we use our hands picking something up - she extends both her upper and lower jaws then pulls the food together and in .
Since it takes her longer to eat and one of the new rescuees chases her , I sometimes take her food to a middle bedroom - her room .
She can go under the door which is about 2 - 3 inches .
Bud can't get under there , but See Too lays flat on his back and pulls himself in there to eat her food .
He is n't even supposed to have that kind !
See
Too has short front legs , but with his legs everything is normal except the length .
In the beginning it seemed the only thing wrong with Heidi was that one of the joints on both legs was bent wrong .
She seems to have each bone but they are just really short .
From the shoulder to the next joint seems pretty normal , then short to the next joint which is the one that bends the wrong way , then to the next is really short , then her feet are really small , as are all the bones in her front legs compared to her hind legs .
She grew stronger quickly and began running under the door of the bathroom at the store .
I began putting up a barrier instead of closing the door and later put the barrier so she could have the run of the office as well as the bathroom .
We did that until she began jumping to the top of the barrier !
I could n't keep her in where I wanted her to stay so I began leaving her at home during the day .
We had gotten control of the ants coming into the house , so it was n't so dangerous any more .
We had great fun with her at the house .
The first few times she jumped off the bed we nearly died thinking it must surely hurt , but in fact she has never acted like it hurts to jump from chairs etc .
She is really cautious with higher things and expects to find a way down or be put down .
We had to make her a " hill " up to the top of the bed so she could come and go off the bed with out us putting her up and down .
It was like watching a baby progress as she began doing the things most cats do automatically .
Her little paws are turned in sort of like " pigeon - toed " , so it was a real challenge for her to learn to clean herself with her paws .
The side that she licked was not the side that made contact at first .
She soon began turning the foot to match the licked spot with her face .
She never had problems with the litter box and did not ever have an accident .
Paper worked well for about a week , then I had to fix a really low box .
It made a really great litter box though she uses the big one now without any difficulty .
One game she really liked was catch .
On the bed we would toss a wash cloth into the air and she would jump to get it , clasping it with both paws .
We began calling her Leapin ' Heidi .
It was like she thrived on the praise we gave her as she leaped so high and caught them .
The jumping and catching seemed to strengthen her co-ordination and her legs .
Of course the front are not really strong now , but she does really well .
When she walks , she of course walks on the long part of that bone and waddles , because the problems are not the same in both legs .
When she runs she hops going front to back like a rabbit .
Most of the time when is on all fours , she is actually on three as she holds one leg up to herself .
She stands on the long part of her hind legs ( toe to hock ) a lot , or sits on her rump , with her front paws folded to her chest .
Her shoulders may have something wrong , although we 're not sure .
Her bones protrude a little , making it look as though she needs a training bra , but it 's not really noticible .
Eventually she got too curious about the other cats in the house and escaped from the bedroom .
At first we grabbed her and put her back , but eventually we began watching her with the other cats and things seemed to go ok .
They were curious , but did not pick on .
I talked to our vet about Heidi this morning .
He had not seen one like Heidi before and was horrified when I told him about the Twisty Kat breeding .
When I put her in the carrier , she did everything in her power to destroy the thing .
I do n't know how many flips she turned .
At that point I was nearly as upset as Heidi !
Dr Neal said she had urinary tract infection and I also have an appointment to have her spayed .
I 'm not nearly as nervous about that as I have been .
Dr Neal said she had a good strong heart beat and everything else seems ok from an outside examination .
I am going to have him really look at her legs and joints while she is under .
STELLA ( CROOKED LEGS )
Sarah Hartwell , 1999
I have n't seen Spiers ' Twisty Cats in the flesh , only in photographs .
However , I have had first hand experience of a cat with this type of deformity .
' Crooked Legs ' ( who was later named Stella ) was born in a colony of severely inbred feral cats and luckily her deformity was less severe than that observed in the Twisty Cat .
Once her quality of life was assessed she was spayed so I will never know whether her deformity was a birth defect , caused by environmental factors , or an inheritable condition .
Crooked - Legs was mobile though there were limitations - she could not run or play in the same way as other cats .
She could not cover up her own faeces in a litter tray .
There were concerns about the claws on her front paws because she could not use a scratching post .
She liked to rest with her front quarters elevated on a ledge and she often sat up on her hindquarters like a rabbit ; this probably put less strain on her spine and was a more comfortable resting position .
In addition she had a slight cranial deformity which might have been linked to the forelimb deformity .
However , her forelimbs were not useless flippers and the vet 's opinion was that she could expect a happy , healthy life in a good home with owners who were aware of her limitations and problems .
However curious we were as to the nature of her deformity , the welfare of Crooked - Legs and of a potential future generation was paramount so she was spayed .
She was judged as a one - off and not as a potential new and novel breed .
BUNNY AND HER " BUNNY BOXES "
Mary Jackson , 2003
Half of British adults do not believe in evolution , with at least 22 % preferring the theories of creationism or intelligent design to explain how the world came about , according to a survey .
The poll found that 25 % of Britons believe Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution is " definitely true " , with another quarter saying it is " probably true " .
Half of the 2,060 people questioned were either strongly opposed to the theory or confused about it .
The Rescuing Darwin survey , published to coincide with the 200th anniversary of Darwin 's birth and the 150th anniversary of the publication of On the Origin of ­Species , found that around 10 % of people chose young Earth creationism – the belief that God created the world some time in the last 10,000 years – over evolution .
About 12 % preferred intelligent design , the idea that evolution alone is not enough to explain the structures of living organisms .
The remainder were unsure , often mixing evolution , intelligent design and creationism together .
The survey was conducted by the polling agency ComRes on behalf of the Theos thinktank .
A spokesman for Sense about Science , an independent charitable trust , said it was important for scientists and educators to disentangle religious belief from evidence .
James Williams , a lecturer at Sussex University , said : " Creationists ask if ­people believe in evolution .
Evolution is a theory and a fact .
You accept it because of the evidence .
What the creationists have done is put a cloak of pseudo - science to wrap up their religious belief . "
Later this month scientists and academics from across Europe will meet in Dortmund , Germany , to discuss evolution and creationism .
It will be the first European conference of its kind to deal with different aspects of attitudes and knowledge related to evolution .
They will discuss specific difficulties regarding the acceptance of evolution theory in their home countries .
Williams , who will give a paper presenting a British perspective on evolution and creationism in school science , said : " Evolution is very badly taught in schools so the results of the survey do n't surprise me .
On the other hand , creationism has traditionally been an issue in North America and there is a big problem in Australia and Turkey .
It matters if people do n't understand how science works . "
The Rescuing Darwin project includes the launch of Darwin and God , a new book on the naturalist 's religious beliefs , at Westminster Abbey , where he is buried , and a debate about evolution and religion .
Participants will include Dr Denis Alexander , Lord Robert Winston , Professor Steve Jones and Professor Nancy Rothwell .
Events celebrating Darwin's achievements are taking place throughout the year .
Cambridge University is hosting a festival to unravel themes of science , society , literature , philosophy , theology and music arising from his writings , life and times .
The Natural History Museum , in London , is exhibiting previously unseen specimens and artefacts , while Darwin 's home in Kent , Down House , opens to the public from 13 February .
In 2005 - Version and 2008 Version George and Denis have already shown a couple of great ways to calculate distance between two pairs of latitude / longitude coordinates in SQL Server .
In SQL 2005 + there is a third option ( Well , it was the second option until 2008 introduced the new Geography data type ) .
SQL 2005 was the first version of SQL Server to offer CLR integration – giving developers the ability to write their own functions and stored procs as .NET assemblies .
In addition to opening a whole new world of possibilities to SQL developers , when used wisely these functions / procs will in some cases outperform standard T - SQL , especially when it comes to math and string manipulation .
So , lets get down to business .
First thing to do is create a class library to hold your functions .
You can do this in C# or VB.net , I wo n’t judge .
But I will use C# .
using System ; using System .
Data ; using System.Data.SqlClient ; using System.Data.SqlTypes ; using Microsoft.SqlServer .
Server ; public partial class UserDefinedFunctions { [ Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.SqlFunction ] public static double clrDistCalc ( double long1 , double lat1 , double long2 , double lat2 ) { double EarthCircMeters = 40074199.82569710 ; double DeltaX ; double DeltaY ; double DeltaXMeters ; double DeltaYMeters ; double MetersPerDegreeLong ; double CenterY ; // calculate distance DeltaX = Math. Abs( long2 - long1 ) ; DeltaY = Math .
Abs( lat2 - lat1 ) ; CenterY = ( lat2 + lat1 ) /2 ; MetersPerDegreeLong = ( Math .
Cos( CenterY * ( 3.14159265/180 ) ) * EarthCircMeters ) /360 ; DeltaXMeters = DeltaX * MetersPerDegreeLong ; DeltaYMeters = DeltaY * 111113.519 ; return Math .
Sqrt( Math.Pow ( DeltaXMeters , 2 ) + Math .
Pow ( DeltaYMeters , 2 ) )/1609.344 ; } }
I ’ve never tried to optimize this ( it is pretty fast as is ) , but I am sure it is easily doable .
The important thing to notice here is the additional namespace directives ( past System ) .
These allow you to use SQL Server types , Identify your function as a SQL Server function , and loads of other fun stuff .
I do n’t actually use any of the SQL types in this function , but they do work well in most cases .
Its ’ easy to see the SqlFunction attribute applied to the method .
Once this is done , compile that sucker !
The trickiest part here is really deploying it to your server , but even that is simple , just a lot of steps .
First , you ’ll need to put the file in a location where the server can see it .
On the server would be a nice easy place .
Now we need to create an assembly in SQL Server for it .
This is simple too :
CREATE ASSEMBLY DistanceCalculations FROM 'C:DistanceCalculationLibrary.dll '
Ok , we ’re getting close .
Once this assembly is created , you need to enable the CLR ( it is disabled by default ) .
exec sp_configure ' clr enabled ' , 1 reconfigure
And finally , create our SQL Server udf referencing the assembly .
CREATE FUNCTION [ dbo ].[clrDistCalc ]( @long1 [ float ] , @lat1 [ float ] , @long2 [ float ] , @lat2 [ float ] ) RETURNS [ float ]
WITH EXECUTE AS CALLER AS EXTERNAL NAME [ DistanceCalculations ] .
[ UserDefinedFunctions ].[clrDistCalc ]
You can test it by writing some queries against the same table used for Denis ’ example ( or George ’s ) .
Here ’s an example using Denis ’ data :
SELECT h.* FROM zipcodes g INNER JOIN zipcodes h ON g.zipcode <> h.zipcode AND g.zipcode = ' 10028 ' AND h.zipcode <> ' 10028 ' WHERE dbo.clrDistCalc(g.Longitude , g.Latitude , h. Longitude , h. Latitude ) <= ( 20 * 1609.344 )
If I know those guys like I think I do , the indexes and everything will be sufficient !
That ’s really all there is to it .
These CLR functions are an EXTREMELY powerful tool for any developer ’s kit .
Math calculations are just scratching the surface of the great uses for this capability .
It is important to use them judiciously though , as with most powerful tools you can seriously injure yourself if not careful !
I ’m not sure I ’ve determined where the line is yet , but I would not even attempt using the CLR unless I was having performance issues with frequently used calculations ( or they were frequently used enough that I could see the problem coming ) or if I needed access to the filesystem or other resources that are awkward to access from straight T - SQL .
As developers we ’re always going to need to make choices like this , and no amount of blog posts will make them for us .
So like all things , just use it wisely and you ’ll be fine !
In the future we ’ll put all three to the test , and do a fourth post detailing the results .
At least I hope we will , the idea of doing just that is the whole reason I blogged about this again !
*** If you have a SQL Server related question try our Microsoft SQL Server Programming forum or our Microsoft SQL Server Admin forum
Thirty - six out of 41 Republican Senators voted for the proposed DeMint amendment to the stimulus bill — a massive package of permanent tax cuts that would create a huge hole in the budget , while doing very little to help the economy .
There is n’t much room for bipartisanship when 87.8 % of the other party is totally irresponsible .
A former British champion ice skater who collapsed and died from a brain haemorrhage gave birth to a baby girl two days later , it emerged yesterday .
Jayne Soliman , 41 , was declared brain - dead at Oxford 's John Radcliffe hospital but doctors managed to keep her heart beating long enough to deliver Aya Jayne by caesarean section .
Ms Soliman was only 25 weeks ' pregnant when she collapsed in her bedroom last Wednesday , having lain down complaining of a headache .
She was airlifted to the hospital but was pronounced dead at 8 pm .
Doctors said the skater had suffered a brain haemorrhage caused by an aggressive tumour which had struck a major blood vessel .
She was given large doses of steroids to help the child 's lungs develop and within 48 hours gave birth to the baby , who weighed 0.95 kg ( 2lb 1.5 oz ) .
Her husband , Mahmoud , was with her when the child was born .
In 1989 , Ms Soliman was both British champion and No 7 in the world for professional free skating .
She also spent some time in Dubai , where she taught figure skating and met Mahmoud .
On returning to England two years ago , the newly married couple set up home in Bracknell and Jayne began working for the Bracknell Ice Skating Club .
David Phillips , a friend and fellow skater , said Ms Soliman had shown no signs that anything was wrong earlier in the day and did not know she had a tumour .
" Jayne and I had both been at the ice rink in Bracknell that day and she was absolutely fine ; nothing seemed wrong .
She was as happy as she could be because she was pregnant – it was her dream .
" To Jayne , becoming a mother was the best thing in the world that could have happened to her .
She was so happy , she had always wanted to be a mum more than anything else .
She lived to have a baby girl – that was the one thing she wanted in her life .
" The hospital laid her baby on her shoulder when she was born so she could have a moment with her .
This would have been the best day of her life . "
Phillips said her husband " has had the best and the worst day of his life within such a short space of time .
It 's just something you can't conceive – turning off your wife 's life support machine and then going to see your newborn daughter . "
Phillips ' wife , Lucine , 38 , who was present at the birth of Aya , described the mixture of joy and sadness at seeing the birth .
" Aya was born kicking and wriggling ... I was elated with the new life that had just come into the world but in the same instant it was so sad to think that Jayne was never going to see her beautiful baby .
" A midwife picked tiny Aya up and put her little face up to Jayne 's – if Jayne had been awake she would have had eye contact with her daughter .
It was just like welcoming any new baby into the world and everyone in the room was so elated , it was a celebratory feeling .
But we also had to say goodbye to Jayne ; Mahmoud said goodbye on his own because he wanted to be the last person to see her .
" He sat with her for a while and then he was told he could go and see his daughter .
Mahmoud could n't hold Aya straight away because she was taken into intensive care – he kept asking if she was okay and whether she had 10 fingers and toes .
" He was given a photo of her and I could just tell from his face that he was overcome with emotion , it was just welling up inside him .
He took one look at his daughter and was overjoyed to see her .
He said , ' That 's my Jayney ' .
He was allowed to touch Aya and seeing her tiny fingers close in on his was just indescribable . "
More than 300 mourners attended Ms Soliman 's funeral last weekend , which was held at the Jamia Masjid mosque in Reading .
Who among us has not once asked , " Is this real life ?
Why is this happening to me ?
Do you have four eyes ?
Is this going to be forever ? "
And more importantly — what kind of parent would film their child in this state , then share it with the world for LOLS ?
And what kind of sick blogger would post this exploitative material on Boing Boing ?
David After Dentist ( YouTube , thanks John Andrew Walsh )
コードを読むな理解しろ。http://blog.miraclelinux.com/yume/2006/10/post_e3d6.html
というわけでもないが、どのようにコードを読むかということはプログラマにとって大変重要な関心事の一つだと思う。誰もが良き読み手になりたいと願うが、誰もそのことについて系統的に教えてはくれない。それこそ一子相伝の謎めいた読み方がハッカーコミュニティの中で受けつがれていたりする。昨今でこそコードリーディングだなんだとその重要性を喧伝する人々が出てきたが、かつてはやはり黒魔術の世界であったりした。そもそも、良き読み手になるであろう脂の乗りきったプログラマを使いすてにするような社会では、良き読み手になる前に35歳定年だなんだで継承すべき技術を獲得するまえに一線を退いてしまう。人材の使いすての極みであるが、そのような事をここで嘆いてもしょうがない。
例えば、セキュリティ＆プログラミングキャンプキャラバンなどでわたしなりにプログラムを読む技術について伝道を試みているわけである。もちろんわたしの技術など笑止千万なのは百も承知であるが、公開することによって、批判にさらされ、多くの叡智からの検証により、自分の技術の限界、問題点、課題などを知ることができ、それがさらなるノウハウの蓄積に繋ることを期待し、恥をしのんで、たとえ未熟であろうとも、その方法を公開している。
プログラムの理解の観点の二軸として、1 ) 静的理解、動的理 解 、2 ) 微視的理解、巨視的理解、というのをあげている。静的な構造というのは、文字どおりソースコードを字面の上で理解することで、コードのそのものであったり、ディレクトリ構造、名前付規約などなどである。動的な構造というのは、実際の動きをベースにしたもので、入力と出力(結果)の対であったり、デバッガによる動作の追跡であったりする。それに対し、微視的、巨視的という観点は主に規模の観点から、コードをどのように眺めるかということである。コードの一行一行に注目するのは微視的な理解であるし、全体像を把握するのは巨視的な理解である。
さて、この二軸を組合せると、四象限、即ち静的で微視的理解、静的で巨視的理解、動的で微視的理解、動的で巨視的理解という4つの方法がうかびあがってくる。
静的で微視的理解の典型はコードを一行一行読んでいくことだし、動的で微視的な理解の典型は、それこそデバッガーで一行一行実行(ステップ実行)して理解することだ。静的で巨視的な理解は、ディレクトリ構造を調べたり、全体の行数を調べたりすることである。では、動的で巨視的な理解とはどんなものがあるのだろうか。(先日のセキュリティ＆プログラミングキャンプキャラバン金沢でそのような質問を受けた)
実行結果( 動的性質そのものである ) を巨視的にながめるということはどのようなことなのか？
例えば、ベンチマーク結果などは、その典型である。ある実装ＡとＡ’の実装の差異をベンチマーク結果によって比較するなどというのは微視的な差異に着目するのではなく、巨視的な観点からなんらかの尺度にそって評価することである。
あるいはリグレッションテストなども、その一つと言える。リグレッションテストというのは、あるソフトウェアの期待する動作(入力と実行結果の組)を、実際に実行させた結果と比較し、従来の結果との差分(リグレッション、退行)がないか検証するテストプログラムである。プログラムを何らかの理由で変更した時に(バグ修正であるとか機能追加であるとか)、リグレッションテストを流し、従来の機能に非互換がないかを確認するために使う。リグレッションテストも動作の巨視的な理解を助ける方法の一つと言える。大雑把に言えば、リグレッションテストの結果が等しければ、その2つのバージョンの互換性は保たれているわけで、その意味で、2つのソフトウェアの動作は巨視的には等しいと言える。
ソフトウェアを理解する方法は人の数ほどある。それぞれの方法をパターン化し、様々な観点から分類理解することは、コードを読む方法論をエンジニアリングの手法として確立するために、誰もが再現可能な技術として伝承することができるようにするために重要だと考える。
黒魔術からエンジニアリングにしたいと強く願う次第である。
参考：
セキュリティ＆プログラミングキャンプキャラバン2008高松、プログラミング基礎、インターネットが変えた社会
ソースコードの読み方/ユメのチカラ
http://blog.miraclelinux.com/yume/2007/08/post_d6bd.html
Director Henry Selick is a huge reason why Neil Gaiman 's Coraline is so gorgeously spooky .
While promoting Coraline , he gave us some details about his next project , a zombie stop motion feature called Paranorman .
Advertisement
Selick , who 's famous for his fantastic eye for all things stop-motion and has a brilliant pop-cult sensibility , is ready to dive into another stop - motion feature .
There 's not a lot of word out there about Paranorman , besides the fact that Selick is attached , but we got him to spill a few details about Chris Butler 's sweet zombie tale .
Our head story artist Chris Butler , for Coraline , he 's a really good writer , he has an original script called Paranorman , so I 'm going to be a creative producer on that .
He 's writing the second draft .
We 're putting together the character designs .
That 's something that I want to get going .
It 's a kid Norman , who ... it's a sweet zombie comedy .
It 's great .
The zombies , I can't tell too much about it , it 's different it 's something never quite done before in animation .
It has a lot of heart about differences .
There 's elements of witchcraft , communicating with the dead , and an army of zombies .
Advertisement
So Henry Selick is going to be a creative producer to a movie that deals with a stop - motion army of zombies ?
Um , where do I send my check ?
This will be amazing .
I cannot wait for the character designs to come out .
Thank you , Selick , for keeping the art of stop- motion animation alive and creepy .
But until then , you 'll have to check out Selick 's work in Coraline — in theaters this Friday .
Unwra warned said its food distribution operations would end on Thursday The UN in the Gaza Strip says it will run out of food aid in two days unless Israel 's blockade - which it describes as " shameful and unacceptable " - eases .
The UN refugee agency Unrwa , which distributes food to half of Gaza 's 1,5 m people , called the blockade " a physical as well as a mental punishment " .
Israel is now allowing a limited amount of fuel across the border , but it is still blocking food deliveries .
It says it tightened sanctions because of rocket attacks by militants .
The Islamist group Hamas , which controls Gaza , said the rockets were a response to an Israeli raid that killed six gunmen on 4 November .
Gaza 's only power plant was closed on Monday , after Israel stopped fuel deliveries .
Aid agencies estimate the new deliveries of fuel will run out within a day - and - a - half .
Fuel shortages
In a statement , Unrwa spokesman Christophen Gunness said food distribution operations would end on Thursday unless Israeli authorities allowed deliveries of wheat , luncheon meat , powdered milk and cooking oil without delay .
It is a further illustration of the barbarity of this inhuman blockade
Christopher Gunness
Unrwa spokesman
" This is both a physical as well as a mental punishment of the population - of mothers and parents trying to feed their children - who are being forced to live hand to mouth , " he said .
" It is a further illustration of the barbarity of this inhuman blockade . "
" It is also shameful and unacceptable that the largest humanitarian actor in Gaza is being forced into yet another cycle of crisis management , " Mr Gunness added .
Earlier , the UN described fuel shortages in the Gaza Strip as " real and serious " .
Most of Gaza City was plunged into darkness on Monday evening after the Nusseirat power plant - the only one inside the territory - was forced to shut down because fuel shipments had been blocked by Israel for nearly a week .
Israel sealed the border after a wave of Palestinian rocket attacks
The facility depends on supplies of industrial fuel , mainly paid for by foreign donors , but transported through the Israeli - run Nahal Oz terminal .
A delivery of 800,000 litres of fuel was received on Tuesday , a European Commission spokeswoman said , and more is expected in the coming days .
The Nusseirat power plant provides about a quarter of the Gaza Strip 's electricity and more than half the electricity used by the city itself .
Most of the rest of the supply comes directly via power lines from Israel .
Reconciliation stalled Meanwhile , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has used a speech on the fourth anniversary of the death of his predecessor , Yasser Arafat , to blame Hamas for another failed attempt at reconciliation with his Fatah movement .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Hamas boycotted Egyptian - sponsored reconciliation talks that were to have begun in Cairo on Monday , saying security forces loyal to Mr Abbas had arrested hundred of its members in the West Bank .
" Now it 's clear who is not serious ...
Arab countries should intercede and condemn Hamas , " Mr Abbas told a demonstration in the West Bank town of Ramallah .
He also accused Hamas , which seized control of Gaza in June 2007 , of putting its own interests before those of the Palestinian people .
" We will not call anybody a non -believer or traitor , as they do , " he said .
" They must return to the fold of the homeland and think about the interests of the homeland .
Regrettably , they lost that opportunity . "
A Hamas spokesman said Mr Abbas had " not shown good intentions ... towards a successful future for Palestinian national dialogue " .
" We can't build a promising future for national unity on this harsh , contradictory speech which was full of hatred toward Hamas , " Fawzi Barhoum told the Associated Press .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Seeking a slice of that bounty , communities like Farmville , Va. , and Pahrump , Nev. , are signing up with developers of new detention centers .
Jails from New England to New Mexico have already made the crackdown pay off  for the private companies that dominate the industry , for some investors and , at least in theory , for places like Central Falls , a city so strapped that the state pays for its schools .
Here , a specially created municipal corporation built the jail in the early 1990s to hold federal inmates , and last year more than doubled its size .
As the City Council president , William Benson Jr. , put it , “ The more inmates they have , the more money we get . ”
Yet in a community whose 1.3 square miles are said to be too small for secrets 
“ If you sneeze on Washington Street , someone on Pine Street says , ‘ Gesundheit , ’ ” Mr. Benson said  city officials , overwhelmingly non-Latino , seemed uninformed about who those inmates were .
“ Nobody knows exactly who ’s down there , ” he said .
“ I hear some are Arab terrorists . ”
The mystery is in some ways understandable .
Though immigration detainees made up one - third of the daily population and a majority of the 4,200 men and women who moved through Wyatt ’s 722 beds in a year , most were from other states , and those from Rhode Island did not remain long : Immigration and Customs Enforcement typically transferred them within a week .
Some were legal immigrants who had served time for serious crimes .
But increasingly they were the kind of people who in the past would not have been arrested  people without papers , similar to some of the people who play , cheer and live in Wyatt ’s shadow .
Sometimes the same people .
Anthony Ventetuolo Jr. , one of Wyatt ’s developers and now the jail ’s chief executive , said that who the inmates were made no difference to the jail , which was run like a business , under strict standards .
“ I ’m not interested in getting involved in the politics of immigration , ” he said .
“ All we do is detain people that our clients tell us to detain . ”
Swallowed by the System
Over 10 years , Maynor Canté , 26 , hardly glanced at the jail he passed as he hurried between home , two jobs and St. Matthew ’s Church , where he led a prayer group .
Steven Sinofsky this week reaffirmed that Windows 7 would only have a single public beta release — build 7000 , still available for download for a few more days .
The current expectation is that there will be a single Release Candidate in April , with RTM around July , and Windows 7 hitting stores a few months later .
This plan marks a significant departure from Microsoft 's historic Windows release strategy .
Previous editions have had at least two betas and two Release Candidates ; even Windows XP , a minor update to Windows 2000 , received this treatment .
Windows Vista went even further during its extended development period .
In addition to formal betas and Release Candidates , a number of " Community Technical Preview " ( CTP ) releases were made available , to allow third - party developers to track the progress more closely .
How is this even possible ?
This condensed release schedule is a result of a new development methodology .
Underlying this is Microsoft 's new commitment to what the company calls " quality . " " Quality " is kind of a vague term — after all , it 's not as if the company wants to ship something low - quality , even if it might not always seem that way .
In this case , it means six things : device compatibility , application compatibility , performance , reliability , battery life , and security .
These are not the only areas of concern for the new OS — things like the user experience and documentation quality are still important , but these six are viewed as fundamental .
Windows 7 is intended to raise the bar in each of these areas and , to achieve that , Microsoft has used a new development process for this release .
One of the most important changes to its development process is the gathering of telemetry data .
The first internal milestone of Windows 7 was milestone MQ , the quality milestone , and this build added facilities to collect extensive data about compatibility issues , crashes , hangs , and system performance .
This data allowed Microsoft both to determine where problems lay and assess the efficacy of fixes for those issues .
Every subsequent build of Windows 7 collected this data , giving the developers extensive and detailed information about how well the OS works .
Microsoft knows far more about what works and what does n't in Windows 7 at an earlier stage in its life than it did about any prior Windows release .
The coding process itself has been a lot stricter .
With Windows 7 ( and Vista before it ) , Microsoft ensured that the main Windows codebase always worked .
New , potentially unstable features were n't allowed to be integrated into the Windows source until they were proven to be release quality .
This policy was created in the wake of the Longhorn disaster .
Longhorn 's development caused so much of Windows to be broken or in flux at any moment that the entire project became unmaintainable .
When this became apparent , Microsoft famously reset its development , reverting back to the Windows Server 2003 SP1 code and working from there , discarding several years of development in the process .
Third - party engagement
With Windows 7 , Microsoft has also tried to work much more closely with major ISVs , IHVs , and OEMs , to ensure that the entire Windows ecosystem will be ready once the software ships .
This is in clear contrast with Windows Vista .
Although the Vista beta period was long and third parties had access to the software for many months prior to its eventual release , the reality was that hardware vendors , in particular , were not ready .
Windows Vista introduced significant changes , particularly in the areas of audio and video drivers .
As a consequence , Vista early adopters often suffered significant performance and stability deficits relative to XP .
As the Vista ecosystem has matured , these problems have largely been resolved , but the scars of those early days are still fresh .
The Vista release was not the first time that a new Microsoft OS left hardware vendors behind ; the early years of Windows 2000 and Windows XP were just as painful , and for much the same reason — vendors took their time to switch from supporting Windows 98 to the NT - derived 2000 and XP .
Nor was this the first OS to be subject to poor third - party support on release .
But Microsoft would like Windows Vista to be the last ; closer relationships between Microsoft and third parties should ensure first - rate drivers and software for Windows 7 right out of the gate .
Who finds the bugs ?
As a result of all the data and knowledge that has been gathered , the Windows 7 team knows how good the software is .
For earlier versions of Windows , a lot of this data would have to come from end - users and bug reports .
Not all of it — older versions do have some telemetry courtesy of the Customer Experience Improvement Program ( CEIP ) — but a lot .
This means in turn that the beta program does n't have as much work to do ; instead of shipping a release that probably works OK and then finding out from users if it does or not , Microsoft can ship a release that does work OK and just needs some fine tuning .
Similarly , by working more closely with third parties , Microsoft can be far more confident that software and hardware alike will just work on day one .
And the entire process is easier to manage .
Though the new coding approach has made it harder to get new features and new code integrated into Windows , it means that Microsoft always has a codebase that 's close to release quality .
In addition to the obvious reliability improvement this yields , it also makes the development process much more predictable .
Essentially , Microsoft could decide " That 's enough development work , it 's time to release the software " at any time and , a few months later , have something ready to ship .
There will probably always be the need for at least one public beta , but it no longer has quite the importance that the betas used to .
In this light , the decision to not have a second beta or Release Candidate makes a lot more sense .
These broad releases are still important — not least because they allow all the third parties that do n't have a close relationship with Redmond to get on board the Windows 7 bandwagon — but this time around , Microsoft does n't need the betas to tell it if the OS works .
Editor 's Note : Jack Cafferty is the author of a new book , " Now or Never : Getting Down to the Business of Saving Our American Dream , " to be published in March .
He provides commentary on CNN's " The Situation Room " daily from 4 p.m.- 7 p.m .
You can also visit Jack 's Cafferty File blog .
Jack Cafferty says House Democrats got the economic stimulus plan off to a poor start .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Well , that did n't take long .
Three weeks into the new administration and the Democrats are squandering their advantage and threatening to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory .
Credit House Speaker Nancy Pelosi for getting the ball rolling .
Under her leadership , House Democrats excluded Republicans from having any voice in crafting the stimulus package .
Acting like children who had n't seen Santa Claus for eight years , House Democrats busily loaded up the bill with stuff they had been unable to get for eight years .
It was payback time .
Contraception , funding for the arts , restoration of the national mall , stop - smoking programs .
All while Americans lose their homes , their jobs , and their savings .
It was both childish and disgraceful .
Apparently tone deaf to the disgust and disappointment of Americans with the bailout package for Wall Street and the banks last year , as well as the voters ' strongly stated desire for change as represented by the election of Barack Obama , House Democrats set the table for failure -- again .
Not a single Republican in the House voted for the bill , despite efforts by our new president to reach out to the other side .
Nancy Pelosi strikes again .
When asked if the lack of Republican support was at least partly her fault , she gave some snotty answer about not being partisan but working for the American people .
Right .
My guess is President Obama is busy these days sticking pins in his Nancy Pelosi doll .
To his credit , Obama argued against a lot of the pork while stressing that time is our enemy .
Pelosi could care less .
As the legislation headed for the Senate amid cries for more stimulus and less pork , the Republicans pounced .
Sensing yet another Democratic miscalculation , the Republicans seized the advantage in the debate .
They want more tax cuts and more real stimulus -- stuff that will create jobs now .
Not some pie in the sky proposal that may pay dividends years down the road .
And they 're right .
The real game starts if and when the Senate passes a bill devoid of a bunch of the garbage the House Democrats stuffed into it .
Then it goes to a conference committee where the drama will be whether , in a grand twist of irony , President Obama and the Republicans wind up aligned against members of the Democratic Party in an effort to get something realistic on the table before the economy simply slides the rest of the way into a deep crevasse .
Meanwhile , angry voters are jamming Capitol Hill phone lines screaming about the politics as usual that is so far the hallmark of the new administration .
Welcome to Washington , Mr. Obama .
When it comes to the Democrats under Nancy Pelosi , what was it Pogo used to say ?
" We have met the enemy and it is us . "
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack Cafferty .
All About Barack Obama • Nancy Pelosi • Republican Party
View Transcript
Transcript
The boss :
This workstation is still logged in to the network .
It 's time to teach someone a lesson about security .
I 'll just go in here and ...
Computer : WARNING !
WARNING !
IDIOT ALERT !
The boss : GAAA !
Computer : ACTIVATING DEFENSIVE WEDGIE SYSTEM .
Dilbert : I have to go .
Some idiot violated my perimeter .
The boss : Please make it stop .
Dilbert :
Then how would you learn ?
As we anxiously await the debut of the Obama administration , we hear more and more about the incoming president 's " post - partisan " instincts .
He has filled his cabinet with relics of the centrist Clinton years .
He has engaged the evangelical pastor Rick Warren to give the invocation at his inauguration .
And according to Politico , he wants 80 Senate votes for his stimulus plan -- a goal that would mean winning a majority among Republicans as well as Democrats .
Maybe these will turn out to be wise moves .
Maybe they wo n't .
...
Washington
CONGRESS has made a terrible mistake .
Amid a rhetorical debate centered on words like “ crisis , ” “ emergency ” and “ catastrophe , ” it acted too fast .
While arguments were made about the stimulus bill ’s specific components  taxpayer money for condoms , new green cars and golf carts for federal bureaucrats , another round of rebate checks  its more dangerous consequences were overlooked .
And now the package threatens a return to the kind of stagflation last seen in the 1970s .
To get a sense of the pressures ahead , we must first assess our fiscal health .
We started this year with a projected trillion - dollar budget deficit for the 2009 fiscal year .
In 2008 , we spent $ 451 billion just to pay the interest on our debt .
With the stimulus bill now becoming law , we ’re digging even deeper into debt .
The headline price tag of $ 787 billion does n’t include the extra $ 348 billion it will take to finance the new debt , or what it will cost when Congress extends the spending programs in the bill , as is likely  as much as $ 2 trillion more .
Add in the billions that are being used to prop up the financial system , and when the dust settles on 2009 , with millions of baby boomers retiring and entitlement spending exploding , taxpayers will face a financial nightmare .
From a global perspective , the picture only looks worse .
As we have debated how much money to borrow and spend in hopes of jump - starting our economy , we ’ve ignored the worldwide stimulus binge .
China , Europe and Japan are all spending hundreds of billions of dollars they do n’t have in hopes of speeding up their economies , too .
That means the very countries we have relied on to buy our bonds , notably China and Japan , are now putting their own bonds on the global credit markets .
The folks at Amazon are offering a FREE ( as in beer ) copy of Marvin Gaye ’s “ Lets Get it On ” .
While this is obviously a marketing ploy to get you to their site to buy stuff , I do suspect it will work .
Just think about your lady friend getting all hot and bothered as you play Marvin on your HiFi , errr iPod .
To give you a little preview , here is some video :
First , Jack Black in High Fidelity :
And then the man himself , Marvin Gaye :
While you are over at Amazon , pick up a few more items , or else we might have to layoff a few writers .
That ’s right , buy something , or the monkey gets it !
A recent survey from PEW Research Center for the People and Press confirmed what most of us already know : the net beats newspapers as a source for news :
Other interesting points from the survey :
For the first time in a Pew survey , more people say they rely mostly on the internet for news than cite newspapers ( 35 % ) .
Nearly six - in - ten Americans younger than 30 ( 59 % ) say they get most of their national and international news online ; an identical percentage cites television .
The percentage of people younger than 30 citing television as a main news source has declined from 68 % in September 2007 to 59 % currently .
It is blindingly obvious that the future of communication belongs to the web – to believe otherwise would be to look backwards , not forwards .
Despite a few reporters still pining for the “ good old days ” the rest of us are moving forward into a more free and open information society .
If you ’re in public relations and not taking notice of the shift , you ’re putting yourself behind the curve of the future of communications .
This is n’t just a place for geeks and early adopters , this is the stage where the modern world is interacting and becoming increasingly reliant on daily .
Do n’t be on the wrong side of the business world ’s digital divide .
Businesses are expecting to work with PR firms at the edge and fluent in modern communications tools .
PR professionals need to be able to manipulate the tools to achieve success in social communications initiatives .
As I see it , here are 10 skills all PR professionals need to have for success in 2009 and beyond :
1 ) Understanding of HTML , PHP , CSS and MySQL
Everyone in the business world should know the basics of these , especially HTML / PHP .
Also take the time to learn how CSS works and how to setup databases .
These skills are not the domain of techies any longer , they are simple and when you start to get good they are enablers for success in presenting content exactly how you want .
2 ) At least a basic understanding of SEO
If you ’re publishing content to the web , it can be optimized .
PR can play a vital role in helping SEO – but you have to see the bigger picture of how content you publish to your domain / newsroom / blog interacts with external links and search engines so you can achieve a proper synergy .
Your efforts for your clients ( and even your own ) website should be directed with larger goals in mind and work long term to achieve tangible results .
I say at least basic , because it is highly worth the time to get a deeper understanding .
Learn effective linkbait and link generation strategies , learn what not to do , learn to maximize the long tail , and learn about findability and building deep interactions .
3 ) Ability to work in WordPress , Drupal , Expression Engine and other modern CMS
As a PR professional you need to be able to work with all communications tools hands on .
Learning how to work with a CMS proves vital to being able to properly work with client ’s web properties .
4 ) Understanding of what defines successful content
As more and more businesses start to see the benefits of blogging and using social media , there will be less of a need from PR professionals to get them into the tools ( that part is simple ) , but the real challenge will be helping them create content which actually gets shared .
A blog definitely needs to be written and kept by a company , not by their PR agency .
But , companies will increasingly turn to their PR agency for consulting on creating content which drives relevant traffic / links and builds a subscriber base .
5 ) Proven ability to build a successful blog
As more PR agencies start to see the importance of the web , a nice qualification to have for yourself as a professional is a successful blog you have created .
It does n’t even have to be on PR or marketing , just create one on something you ’re passionate about .
It ’s all about showing you embrace the medium and understand it .
In fact , it may be more interesting that you have created a successful blog on a niche other than PR / marketing as that proves you have a deep understanding of audiences outside your industry .
6 ) Understanding of RSS and how to use feeds creatively
If you are n’t using an RSS reader to read content on the web and you ’re in PR – wow , just wow .
Even more so than just using it for reading content , you should have an understanding of the application of RSS and how to use syndication to your advantage to build a fanbase , spread messages , get content deep within the social web and other creative uses .
7 ) Understanding of microblogging / lifestreaming
Twitter , FriendFeed and other microblogging / lifestreaming services are absolutely amazing ways to share content and interact and will only grow in relevance as our digital and physical lives meld further .
PR and communications people should be at the forefront of this and closely study the relationships formed and the way people discuss and interact with content .
8 ) Understanding of what is possible with web apps
Business are looking to their PR firms to help them build creative web apps that attract thousands of users across social media platforms .
I ’m not saying you have to learn Ruby on Rails , but you should at least know what is possible to create with these applications to be able to sketch plans for successful apps and be able to work properly with developers .
9 ) Ability to work in YouTube , Squidoo , Basecamp , Feedburner , Google AdWords / Analytics and other popular web apps
Going along with the web apps trend , PR people should be fluent with working under the hood of popular web applications used by millions of people and businesses monthly .
These apps are not difficult , but you should take the time to learn how they are all valuable for business and how to get the most out of them .
10 ) Ability to process and understand site analytics
Learning to interpret site analytics , see trends and make recommendations is a vital skill for PR people , especially as businesses start to see the value and care more about referral / search traffic and see the importance of tracking results from all online marketing initiatives .
This is certainly not a comprehensive list — what else do you see as vital for public relations / marketing professionals to have an understanding of for success both today and into the future ?
Related posts from The Future Buzz
10 Tips For How To Choose The Best Web Designer
Be A Savvy Marketing or PR Professional : Avoid These 10 Obvious Web Mistakes
14 Reasons To Have A Web Guru On Your Team
Related posts from around the web
The Shape Of Things To Come ( Guardian )
Should Marketers Shift Offline Budgets to Digital Marketing ?
( Online Marketing Blog )
Why Integration Is Critical For Internet Marketing ( Social Media Explorer )
Posted on November 6 , 2008 in Political Cartoons
Bible Spice … I ca n’t quit you ..
See Also : Fiscal conservative , Sarah Palin… , The Odd Truths About Sarah Palin I : Saks Appeal , Final Update to Palin as President , Newsweek :
The viper McCain took to his bosom , Get out and vote , Republican Circular Firing Squad of Flying Attack Monkeys , An Avalanche of Foibles , Palintology : Just 12 % Want Her As Nominee In ’ 12 ? ( Only 18 % Of GOPers ? ) , and GOP – In Search Of A Moderate Leader ?
[ tags ] the morning after , sarah palin , bible spice , john mccain , i ca n’t quit you , picture , image , painting , funny pic , john mccain and sarah palin sleeping together , sexy , regrets , one night stand , mccain campaign [ / tags ]
Report : Nearly 75 % of ex-Bush officials looking for jobs are unemployed Stephen C. Webster
Published : Saturday February 21 , 2009
Print This Email This
While the market for job - seekers in the United States might be sour , for most it is n't as impenetrable as it is for the nearly 3,000 former members of the Bush administration .
Between 70 - 75 percent who are looking for full - time work still have n't found new jobs , according to a Saturday report by the Wall St. Journal .
" That 'is much , much worse ' than when Ronald Reagan , George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton left the White House , " Carlos M. Gutierrez , who served as Bush 's commerce secretary , told the paper .
For many , the traditional refuge of conservative think tanks in Washington , D.C. has become a Fort Knox , with almost no positions available , and certainly not for lower - rung Bush officials .
The think tanks " lack interest in hiring high - profile Republicans when Democrats control the White House and Congress , " said the Journal .
" Mr. Bush 's low approval ratings at the end of his term do n't help , said Leonard Pfeiffer IV , a Washington recruiter for nonprofits . "
In the US at - large , 6.54 million are receiving unemployment benefits , according to the Department of Labor .
" A handful of Bush cabinet officers have accepted academic appointments , " reported the paper .
" Former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson joined Johns Hopkins University 's Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies as a fellow .
Condoleezza Rice , previously secretary of state , resumed her Stanford University roles as a political - science professor and senior fellow at its Hoover Institution think tank . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Tiny diamonds sprinkled across North America suggest a “ swarm ” of comets hit the Earth around 13,000 years ago , kicking up enough disruption to send the planet into a cold spell and drive mammoths and other creatures into extinction , scientists reported on Friday .
A view of a comet shot by the Deep Space 1 spacecraft September 22 , 2001 .
REUTERS / NASA /JPL / Handout
They suggest an event that would transcend anything Biblical -- a series of blinding explosions in the atmosphere equivalent to thousands of atomic bombs , the researchers said .
The so - called nanodiamonds are made under high - temperature , high - pressure conditions created by cosmic impacts , similar to an explosion over Tunguska in Siberia that flattened trees for miles in 1908 .
Doug Kennett of the University of Oregon and colleagues found the little diamonds at sites from Arizona to South Carolina and into Alberta and Manitoba in Canada .
They are buried at a level that corresponds to the beginning 12,900 years ago of the Younger Dryas , a 1,300 - year - long cold spell during which North American mammoths , saber - toothed cats , camels and giant sloths became extinct .
The Clovis culture of American Indians also appears to have fallen apart during this time .
Bones of these animals , and Clovis artifacts , are abundant before this time .
Excavations show a dark “ mat ” of carbon - rich material separates the bones and artifacts from emptier and younger layers .
Writing in the journal Science , Kennett and colleagues report they have evidence of the nanodiamonds from six sites across North America , fitting in with the hypothesis that a giant explosion , or multiple explosions , above the Earth ’s surface cause widespread fire and pressure .
There is evidence these minerals can be found in other sediments , too , they said , and help explain the “ black mat ” .
“ These data support the hypothesis that a swarm of comets or carbonaceous chondrites ( a type of meteorite ) produced multiple air shocks and possible surface impacts at 12,900 ( years ago ) ” they wrote .
The heat and pressure could have melted part of the Greenland ice sheet , causing currents to change and affecting climate .
Any impacts would have kicked up dust that would have shrouded the sun and lowered temperatures , endangering plants and animals .
“ The nanodiamonds that we found at all six locations exist only in sediments associated with the Younger Dryas Boundary layers , not above it or below it , ” Kennett , an archeologist , said in a statement .
“ These discoveries provide strong evidence for a cosmic impact event at approximately 12,900 years ago that would have had enormous environmental consequences for plants , animals and humans across North America . ”
Sarah Blewden : Model With Breast Implants Banned from Boxing
, a 25 - year - old model - turned - boxer , has been banned from fighting because of her breast implants .
Blewden bagan boxing two years ago as a way to keep fit , and discovered she had a natural talent for it .
She applied to the Amateur Boxing Association ( ABA ) in hopes of eventually competing in the Olympics .
She was told she was n't allowed to fight due to her breast implants .
It was ruled that Sarah 's breasts were at risk of ' capsular contracture ' or distortion if they were repeatedly hit .
According to Blewden the ruling is " just ridiculous . "
" My surgeon said they make me no more vulnerable than any other woman .
They are not enormous ones - they are in proportion , " said Blewden , who went from a 32B to a 32C to boost her modeling career .
View Sarah Blewden bikini photo .
lead photo via Daily Mail
Phelps has won 16 Olympic medals overall , 14 of them gold US swimming star Michael Phelps has admitted to " regrettable behaviour " , after a UK newspaper published a photo of him apparently smoking cannabis .
Phelps , 23 , who won eight gold medals at the Beijing Olympics last year , was pictured by the News of the World inhaling from a glass pipe .
The picture was taken in November at a party in the University of South Carolina , the newspaper said .
Phelps apologised to fans and said the incident would not be repeated .
In a statement sent to the Associated Press news agency , the swimmer acknowledged the photo was authentic .
" I engaged in behaviour which was regrettable and demonstrated bad judgment , " he said .
" I 'm 23 years old and despite the successes I 've had in the pool , I acted in a youthful and inappropriate way , not in a manner people have come to expect from me .
" For this , I am sorry .
I promise my fans and the public it will not happen again . "
Criticism
The US Olympic Committee said it was " disappointed " with Phelps ' behaviour .
" Michael is a role model , and he is well aware of the responsibilities and accountability that come with setting a positive example for others , particularly young people , " it said in a statement .
" In this instance , regrettably , he failed to fulfil those responsibilities . "
USA Swimming said it hoped that " Michael can learn from this incident and move forward in a positive way " .
Meanwhile , the head of America 's anti-doping agency said Phelps ' participation in a pilot test programme designed to increase the accuracy of doping tests could be at risk .
" For one of the Olympics ' biggest heroes it 's disappointing , and we 'll evaluate whether he remains in that programme , " Travis Tygart said .
Michael Phelps broke seven world records in Beijing , eight American records and eight Olympic records to become the most decorated male Olympian of all time with a total of 16 medals , including 14 golds .
In January he was named the United States Olympic Committee 's sportsman of the year for 2008 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Video site is trialling a system that lets users keep videos to watch even when they are not connected to the internet
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
YouTube is starting to offer users the chance to download videos straight from the popular website to watch on their computer or iPod .
In an announcement this morning the site , which is owned by internet giant Google , said it is trialling a system that lets users keep videos to watch even when they are not connected to the internet .
" We 've started working with a few partners who want their videos shared universally and even enjoyed away from an internet connection , " wrote Thai Tran , YouTube product manager .
Some users who sign up to partner with the website will also be allowed to offer their video downloads for sale – allowing users to pay a small amount and receive a permanent , offline copy of the file in return .
" Partners could choose to offer their video downloads for free or for a small fee paid through Google Checkout , " Tran added .
It is not entirely clear how much of a cut Google plans to take from the service , but to begin with the company is trialling it with a series of American colleges – Stanford , Duke and the University of California – as well with a small number of popular users .
The ability to download videos from YouTube is not new - it has been possible to do so for some time , thanks to tools such as SaveVid and Video Download Helper .
However , the new approach could allow millions of ordinary users to grab videos directly from the site with a single click – and without needing to install any complicated or technical extras .
Additionally , the officially downloaded files are available in an unprotected MP4 format , allowing users to transfer their videos onto many other devices and media players .
This neatly sidesteps a potential problem that could have hampered those who want to download YouTube videos to watch on an iPod or iPhone .
Despite the ability of the iPhone and iPod touch to surf the internet wirelessly , Apple has so far refused to include support for Flash - the system that is used by YouTube and thousands of other multimedia websites .
However , the iPod is able to play MP4 files – therefore enabling millions more users to potentially make use of the new service .
In order to prevent the system from being used for piracy , only approved users will get the chance to offer their content for download - and anybody who breaks the terms of the agreement is likely to have their account closed .
FORT WORTH , Texas , Jan. 2 ( UPI ) -- Police in Fort Worth , Texas , baffled about a missing K - 9 dog , turned to a dog detective agency when their helicopter search turned up nothing .
Godiva , an operative for Dog Gone Detectives , found Loki , the escaped search and rescue dog , in 15 minutes , The Dallas Morning News reported .
Advertisement
Kat Manning , one of the owners of the agency , said that Loki did not make himself hard to find .
He was about half a mile from his handler 's home , where he had chewed a hole in the fence on New Year 's Day .
" Usually , it is n't that easy , " Manning said .
" We got on the trail .
Then all of the sudden , I looked up and there he was .
He was just hanging out . "
Godiva , a chocolate Labrador , is used only to track dogs .
Manning said that the dog finds its quarry about 85 percent of the time , although the search sometimes takes hours or even days .
Dog Gone specializes in finding lost pets and charges $ 300 with an additional $ 500 when the animal is located .
Manning said her agency has been getting a lot of calls because of publicity about the search for Loki .
Police appealed today for help hunting a " dangerously radioactive " college principal wanted on child porn charges .
Seriously - ill Thomas Leopold , who had been given large doses of radiation for a thyroid condition , skipped bail shortly before his trial two weeks ago .
He then drove on to a ferry heading for Rosslare in County Wexford , south - east Ireland .
The 42 - year - old head of a tutorial college in Harrow , Middlesex , has not been seen since .
A judge at Southwark crown court , John Price , who issued a warrant for his arrest , accused him of " doing everything to make it as difficult as he can to let the trial go ahead .
" Please warn officers that when he is arrested he might be radio­active .
This is not a joke . "
A Scotland Yard spokesman said : " We would appeal for anyone who knows his whereabouts to contact police . "
Former banker Leopold , from Hammersmith , west London , faces five charges of making and possessing child porn after downloading material in 2006 .
He was first arrested in July that year and his case fixed for October , but his ill health forced an adjournment .
Nick Mather , prosecuting , said the trial was eventually rescheduled for 9 February this year .
But four days before the hearing he boarded a ferry at Fishguard , South Wales .
He was stopped and questioned by special branch officers at the time , but they released him after he showed them his radiation card and insisted his bail conditions had been changed so he could visit his mother in Ireland .
He said he would only be away a week .
The barrister told the court Leopold 's doctor had faxed a letter to the court indicating he was not well and unfit to attend court for 12 weeks .
Jeannie Mackay , defending , said her client , who was in " chronic poor health " , was on his own and " was n't in contact with others " .
She said : " His doctor confirmed he is dangerous , in terms of radioactivity , for a period of six weeks after treatment .
" He travelled to Ireland on his own , in his car .
When he showed his radiation card , he was permitted to stay in the car , on the boat . "
This morning , Jeff Atwood wrote a blog post about software piracy entitled My Software Is Being Pirated where he talks about how companies can deal with the fact that the piracy rate among their users could be as high as 90 % .
He writes
Short of .. selling custom hardware that is required to run your software , like the Playstation 3 or Wii writing a completely server - side application like World of Warcraft or Mint .. you have no recourse .
Software piracy is a fact of life , and there 's very little you can do about it .
The more DRM and anti-piracy devices you pile on , the more likely you are to harm and alienate your paying customers .
Use a common third party protection system and it'll probably be cracked along with all the other customers of that system .
Nobody wants to leave the front door to their house open , of course , but you should err on the side of simple protection whenever possible .
Bear in mind that a certain percentage of the audience simply can't be reached ; they 'll never pay for your software at any price .
Do n't penalize the honest people to punish the incorrigible .
As my friend Nathan Bowers so aptly noted : Every time DRM prevents legitimate playback , a pirate gets his wings .
In fact , the most effective anti-piracy software development strategy is the simplest one of all :
Have a great freaking product .
Charge a fair price for it .
( Or , more radically , choose an open source business model where piracy is no longer a problem but a benefit -- the world 's most efficient and viral software distribution network .
But that 's a topic for a very different blog post . )
It is interesting to note that Jeff 's recommendation for an effective anti-piracy solution is actually contradicted by the example game from his post ; World of Goo .
The game is an excellent product and is available for ~ $ 15 yet it is still seeing a 90 % piracy rate .
In fact , the most effective anti-piracy strategy is simply to route around the problem as Jeff originally stated .
Specifically
target custom hardware platforms such as the iPhone or XBox 360 which do n't have a piracy problem
build Web - based software
However if you do decide to go down the shrinkwrapped software route , I 'd suggest casting a critical eye on any claims that highlight the benefits of the " Open Source business model " to shrinkwrapped software developers .
Open Source software companies have been around for over a decade ( e.g. RedHat was founded in 1995 ) and we now have experience as an industry with regards to what works and what does n't work as a business model for Open Source software .
There are basically three business models for companies that make money from Open Source software , they are
Selling support , consulting and related services for the " free " software ( aka the professional open source business model ) – RedHat Dual license the code and then sell traditional software licenses to enterprise customers who are scared of the GPL – MySQL AB Build a proprietary Web application powered by Open Source software – Google
As you scan this list , it should be clear that none of these business models actually involves making money directly from selling only the software .
This is problematic for developers of shrinkwrapped , consumer software such as games because none of the aforementioned business models actually works well for them .
For developers of shrinkwrapped software , Open Source only turns piracy from a problem into a benefit if you 're willing to forego building consumer software and you have software that is either too complicated to use without handholding OR you can scare a large percentage of your customers into buying traditional software licenses by using the GPL instead of the BSDL .
Either way , the developers of World of Goo are still screwed .
Now Playing : The Notorious B.I.G. - Mo Money Mo Problems ( feat .
Mase & Puff Daddy )
A recent article on OSNews highlights the changes expected to come in Google ’s Chrome 2.0 for Windows and the progress being made on the Linux and OS X fronts for Google ’s new browser .
In the article , Ben Goodger , lead Chrome UI developer , states
[ Google avoids ] cross platform UI toolkits because while they may offer what superficially appears to be a quick path to native looking UI on a variety of target platforms , once you go a bit deeper it turns out to be a bit more problematic . ” [… Your applications end up ] speaking with a foreign accent .
But there ’s something we ’re not getting here .
Obviously given enough brilliant programmers and a good team lead to keep the different codebases in sync , going with native APIs is the better approach .
But the reasons Goodger is offering are n’t very convincing .
The problem is ….
Google ’s Chrome for Windows does n’t look native .
In fact , it ’s about as far from native Win32 as you can get .
We had originally explained away the non -win32 looks by assuming it was because Google wanted an interface that was consistent across the different platforms and different at the same time from any of the operating systems native UI toolkits : in line with Google ’s vision of turning the browser into an OS , regardless of the platform beneath .
A non-native UI that looks the same on Mac , Windows , and Linux would be the answer to such a browser OS .
It would indicate that Chrome is its own product – from the codebase to the user experience – and that to the end user it should n’t matter what OS you ’re on .
And that in the future Google could ship a standalone ( OS - free ) browser that looks like Chrome and acts like Chrome , regardless of the platform beneath ?
Otherwise there is no good explanation for the horrendously - different user interface that comes with Chrome .
It requires learning the tips & tricks to a whole new UI , and forgetting a number of “ niceties ” you may have been accustomed to ( such as pressing the ‘ spacebar ’ to OK pop- up dialogs , etc. ) .
With the preliminary screenshots of Chrome for Mac , the platform Chrome runs on begins to peek through .
Does this mean that Google ’s vision of Chrome as its own OS has come to pass – with Google now content to just launch a cross- platform browser without attempting to lull users away from the platforms they ’ve come to love ?
Whatever the case , it ’s sure to be interesting watching and waiting to see what Google has planned for its users .
Whether its a cross- platform browser experience that ’s different enough to be the same across all platforms while retaining a feel of the platform or if it ’s paving the way for the OS to come it ’s quite obvious that the gears are now in motion and something big just might happen .
Investment bankers and other Wall Street employees have been taking heat in their personal lives for the financial crisis , several of them tell the Times today , and as the economy worsens , it ’s starting to get to them .
First everyone wanted them to explain what a subprime mortgage was , now they ’re just looking at them with open revulsion .
“ I ’d almost rather say I ’m a pornographer , ” one retired Wall Street executive whined to the Times .
“ At least that ’s a business that people understand . ”
Right ?
If only the populace had enough brains , they ’d understand that it was not Wall Street ’s fault !.
Financiers , the Times tells us , see the mortgage crisis like this :
Americans undersaved and overspent for decades , relying on rising property values to bankroll their lifestyles .
But nobody on Wall Street forced United States homeowners to take out loans on houses they could n’t afford , or refinance mortgages to spend money on cars they should n’t have bought .
They actually kind of have a point .
Wall Street did n’t force Americans to take out loans on houses they could n’t afford .
They merely encouraged them by extending credit to people that could n’t pay it back , which they would have known if they had n’t been so busy buying and selling the complex securities that they , in fact , barely understood themselves .
And there is another force that contributed just as much to the mortgage meltdown , one that is as much to blame as the guys inmidtown .
The real villains here , the truly bad seeds at the heart of this crisis , have gone unpunished thus far and are still in operation .
They are Jeff Lewis and Ryan Brown of Bravo ’s Flipping Out , Armando and Veronica Montelongo of TLC ’s Flip This House , Kristen Kemp of TLC’s The Property Ladder , Kendra Todd of HGTV’s My House Is Worth WHAT ? , and the TLC , Bravo , HGTV , and Fine Living networks in general .
All of them encouraged people to take out massive loans in order to buy and renovate homes and sell them at a profit when , really , most people have terrible taste , and furthermore , are bad at laying tile .
These shows are still on !
WHY ?
We ’d also like to see the team responsible for MTV’s Cribs , the set designers of the loft on Friends , Page Davis from Trading Spaces , and the editors of Martha Stewart Living , Real Simple , and the dearly departed Domino brought in front of the House Financial Services Committee to explain themselves , along with everyone else who , over the past ten years , has colluded to convince the American public that if they were n’t living in a wholly renovated open - plan home with recessed lighting , granite countertops , and freakishly organized closets , they might as well be living in a cave .
We trust Barney Frank will bring them to justice !
Wall Street ’s New Pariah Status [ NYT ]
New research findings out of Wake Forest University School of Medicine and the University of Wisconsin may help provide some direction for men diagnosed with prostate cancer about whether their cancer is likely to be life - threatening .
In a study that appears in the February issue of Cancer Epidemiology , Biomarkers & Prevention , a journal of the American Association for Cancer Research , researchers confirmed their earlier findings that men who have too much calcium in their bloodstreams subsequently have an increased risk of fatal prostate cancer .
Now researchers have also identified an even more accurate biomarker of the fatal cancer : high levels of ionized serum calcium .
" Scientists have known for many years that most prostate cancers are slow - growing and that many men will die with , rather than of , their prostate cancer , " said Gary G. Schwartz , Ph.D. , senior author of the study and an associate professor of cancer biology at the School of Medicine , a part of Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center .
" The problem is , how can we determine which cancers pose a significant threat to life and need aggressive treatment versus those that , if left alone , are unlikely to threaten the patient 's life ?
These findings may shed light on that problem . "
This was the first study to examine fatal prostate cancer risk in relation to prediagnostic levels of ionized serum calcium , and researchers found that men in the highest third of ionized serum calcium levels are three times more likely to die of prostate cancer than those with the least amount of ionized serum calcium .
Researchers also confirmed a previous finding of a doubling of risk for fatal prostate cancer among men whose level of total serum calcium falls in the highest third of the total serum calcium distribution .
Ionized serum calcium is the biologically active part of total serum calcium .
About 50 percent of total serum calcium is inactive , leaving only the ionized serum calcium to directly interact with cells .
The findings have both scientific and practical implications , said Halcyon G. Skinner , Ph.D. , of the University of Wisconsin , the study 's lead author .
From a scientific standpoint , it helps focus research on what it is about calcium that may promote prostate cancer .
On a practical level , the finding may offer some guidance to men trying to decide whether or not to seek treatment for a recent prostate cancer diagnosis .
If confirmed , the findings could also lead to the general reduction of over - treatment of prostate cancer .
" Many men with this diagnosis are treated unnecessarily , " Schwartz said .
" Within months of initial diagnosis of prostate cancer , many men opt to undergo either radiation or radical surgery .
The problem is , we do n't know who needs to be treated and who does n't , so we treat most men , over - treating the majority .
These new findings , if confirmed , suggest that men in the lower end of the normal distribution of ionized serum calcium are three times less likely than men in the upper distribution to develop fatal disease .
" These men may choose to delay treatment or perhaps defer it altogether , " Schwartz added .
" It also suggests that medicine may be able to help in lowering the risk of fatal prostate cancer by reducing serum calcium levels . "
Schwartz added that much of the ongoing research into the development of prostate cancer is focused on identifying characteristics of aggressive tumors , whereas this research is focused on identifying characteristics of the men who will develop the tumors before they actually develop .
He cautioned that calcium in serum is little influenced by calcium in the diet .
Serum calcium levels are controlled genetically and are stable over much of an individual 's life , he said .
" These results do not imply that men need to quit drinking milk or avoid calcium in their diets , " Schwartz added .
The study was funded by grants from the National Institutes of Health and the American Cancer Society .
A massive , spinning , 3D envelope ?
I must have an electronic letter !
As of last year , the penetration rate of the internet for North America is nearly 75 % ( some of you may mistake the “ penetration rate of the internet ” to mean something else that , depending on who you ask , is also probably in the 75 % ballpark ) .
I also do n’t think it ’s too big of a jump to say that well beyond the majority of the folk plopping down seven bucks for popcorn and stuffing their asses into the seats for a thrilling summer blockbuster or two use the internet and email on a regular basis .
Hell , you do n’t have to look too hard to find an asshole checking it during the movie .
So why is it that Hollywood continues to pretend that getting an email looks like opening the plans for the Death Star ?
The movie industry has a long history of portraying computers as a tripped out light show of a visual metaphor .
It ’s as if studio execs , still working from a smoky room filled with mechanical adding machines , continue to insist that movie viewers will be bored to death by 10 seconds of a realistic computer .
Instead , hacking still involves flying a spaceship through a rendered tunnel , and any time you get hacked you can mash your palm on the keyboard an pop open a world map on your nine filthy monitors and drool at your virtual opponent ’s fiendishly mangled packet routing .
I really wish I could contain this discussion to a couple famous offenders like Hackers or Wargames or The Net , but , let ’s be honest here , I ’m talking about EVERY GOD DAMN MOVIE THAT FEATURED A COMPUTER SINCE 1975 !
That , of course is more or less when computers in film evolved from this to this .
I ca n’t decide if Mission Impossible is most dated by the 20 minutes of screen time Tom Cruise spends twirling a CD ROM caddy , or the fact that the entire plot hinges on Ethan Hunt lodging 3D envelopes to to the mysterious Job as she dials up through her 20 pound cell phone .
Probably the former , because inexplicably , email still works like that .
Also , why is it , whenever a government agent goes to their FBI , NSA , or LAPD internal search engine , it ’s always blank screen with nothing but a department seal and a giant green box with 200 pt font ?
All they have to do is type “ arson ” or “ strange happenings ” and like seventy pop ups shit all over the screen listing exhaustive data on the inexplicably elusive culprit .
I ’m not sure what ’s more impressive : the department ’s apparent obsession with minimalist UI and impeccable search or their neglect to use this service until after the third body piles up .
I ’d be at a loss if I did n’t mention this , but I ’ll will sell you a kidney if you can teach me how to look at an image on my computer , security footage for instance , and utter aloud “ enhance image ! ” , and in defiance of information theory , deconvolve the finite resolution image into a crisp sharp photo of a face or a license plate .
If this technology did n’t work in the world of movies , there would be no new releases May through August .
However , to its credit , the 3D “ UNIX system ” from Jurassic Park , was an actual Silicon Graphics IRIX file manager .
Maybe we ’re all just still trying to catch up to the movies after all .
In this , the second of two opposing commentaries , Stephen Ceci and Wendy M. Williams argue that such research is both morally defensible and important for the pursuit of truth .
In the first , Steven Rose argues that studies investigating possible links between race , gender and intelligence do no good .
The Soviet Union lost a generation of genetics research to the politicization of science when Trofim Lysenko , director of biology under Joseph Stalin , parlayed his rejection of Mendelian genetics into a powerful political scientific movement .
By the late 1920s , Lysenko had denounced academics embracing Mendelian genetics , which some said undermined tenets of Soviet society .
His efforts to extinguish ' harmful ' scientific ideas ruined opponents ' careers and delayed scientific progress .
Online collection .
It is difficult to imagine this situation repeating today , when rival views feed the scientific process , and inquiry and debate trump orthodoxy .
Yet the spectre of Lysenkoism lurks in current scientific discourse on gender , race and intelligence .
Claims that sex - or race - based IQ gaps are partly genetic can offend entire groups , who feel that such work feeds hatred and discrimination .
Pressure from professional organizations and university administrators can result in boycotting such research , and even in ending scientific careers .
The dominant side goes unchallenged , forestalling the evolution of crucial ideas .
But hatred and discrimination do not result from allowing scientists to publish their findings , nor does censuring it stamp out hatred .
Pernicious folk - theories of racial and gender inferiority predated scientific studies claiming genetic bases of racial differences in intelligence .
Even if one does not support such work in the interests of free speech , it should be seen as supporting the scientific process of debate .
Important scientific progress on these topics would never have been made without the incentive of disproving one 's critics .
There is an emerging consensus about racial and gender equality in genetic determinants of intelligence ; most researchers , including ourselves , agree that genes do not explain between - group differences .
But some issues remain unresolved , such as identification of mechanisms that bring genetic potential to fruition .
Censuring debaters favouring genetic explanations of intelligence differences is not the answer to solving such mysteries .
There is a long history to both the study and the vilification of group differences in intelligence .
In the late 1800s , Francis Galton , the father of eugenics , was acclaimed and was later knighted for his work .
Cesare Lombroso , the scientist who claimed that criminality was inherited and evident in physical features , was also respected during his lifetime .
Both were posthumously reviled by some , when their thinking became associated with Hitler 's policies , mandatory sterilization and restrictive immigration policies .
Nobel prizewinner William Shockley became a subject of controversy in the 1970s , after his work turned to racial differences in intelligence .
In recent decades , the writings , statements and teachings of Arthur Jensen , Michael Levin and John Philippe Rushton , also on racial differences in intelligence , have met variously with acclaim , outcries and demands for job termination .
So have writings of Richard Herrnstein and Charles Murray on the differential distribution of IQ by race .
And Frank Ellis , a lecturer at the University of Leeds , UK , took early retirement in the face of an ethical storm that developed after he suggested in a student newspaper that intelligence levels were related to ethnicity .
The list goes on .
Many have been dissuaded from even looking at the research topic for fear of condemnation .
The outcries against those who speak of racial and gender gaps in IQ have become deafening , at times resembling Lysenkoism in language if not in deed .
Judged too fast ?
Consider two recent high - profile cases .
In 2005 , Harvard 's then - president Lawrence Summers suggested gender differences in intrinsic ability as one cause of the dearth of women in the top tier of science , rather than espousing the popular view that women 's under - representation results from biased hiring , discriminatory tenure practices and negative stereotypes .
Summers 's insinuation of biologically - based sex differences in cognitive ability was radioactive , setting off debates on campuses and outpourings of editorials .
Despite apologizing for reckless language — which his supporters felt research supported — he later resigned .
James Watson is the most illustrious scholar to have his career ended for reckless language .
Watson 's downfall was his assertion that “ all our social policies are based on the fact that [ African ] intelligence is the same as ours — whereas all the testing says not really ” .
Although he hoped everybody was equal , “ people who have to deal with black employees find this is not true ” .
Watson instantly plunged from A - list Nobelist to outcast , and was suspended from his chancellorship of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory .
Watson later clarified in a statement that he does not believe Africans to be genetically inferior , but this had little impact on the controversy .
Watson 's first assertion could be read as scientifically supported : black Africans '
IQ scores are lower than those of white Europeans .
But Watson 's use of ' intelligence ' was interpreted as meaning ' intrinsic cognitive ability ' , ignoring how unfamiliarity with testing format , low quality of schooling , or poor health might depress IQ scores .
There have been analyses showing average national IQs for sub -Saharan Africa to be approximately 30 points lower than average IQs for predominantly white European nations , and drawing a racial conclusion from those results 1,2 .
A refutation of these analyses would provide an opportunity to advance understanding .
Sadly , although these analyses can be refuted , as we and others have done3 , most of those who scorned Watson never knew they existed .
IQ tests got a bad name through association with immigration policy .
Credit : BETTMANN /CORBIS
Attacks on Watson and Summers extinguished discussion by making moral attributions about their presumed character flaws rather than debating facts .
But character attacks lead to a one - party science that squelches divergent views .
Some scientists hold more ' acceptable ' views , ourselves included .
We think racial and gender differences in IQ are not innate but instead reflect environmental challenges .
Although we endorse this view , plenty of scholars remain unpersuaded .
Whereas our ' politically correct ' work garners us praise , speaking invitations and book contracts , challengers are demeaned , ostracized and occasionally threatened with tenure revocation .
Acts of censure edge close to Lysenkoism .
They also do a disservice to science .
When dissenters ' positions are prevented exposure in high - impact journals and excluded from conferences , the dominant side goes unchallenged , and eventually its rationale is forgotten , forestalling the evolution of crucial ideas .
James Flynn , the foremost proponent of the environmental basis of intelligence , notes that when he first rebutted Jensen 's hereditarian claims 30 years ago , he never anticipated later breakthroughs that evolved from the debate .
Without Jensen , he has written , “ I would never have made any contribution to psychology ” .
His landmark documentation of the steady rise in IQ scores across generations and nations , known as the Flynn effect , might never have been done .
Such work has advanced our understanding of intelligence immensely .
Flynn showed in 2007 that the IQ of African Americans today is 10 – 15 points below that of white Americans , but equivalent to the score of such whites in 1947 ( the racial groups described here are based on social constructs and rely on study participants defining their own race ) .
Children in the United States and many European nations have surpassed their grandparents '
IQs by more than 15 points in 60 years , so it is clearly possible to close the racial gap .
This has been happening : 25 % of this difference has been eliminated over 30 years4 .
IQ scores of offspring of German women and Second World War black US soldiers have been shown to be indistinguishable from scores of offspring of German women and white US soldiers4 .
No longer are there claims of a linear relationship between IQ and European genes .
It is now recognized that cultural effects are more powerful than previously thought .
Regarding gender , no one now claims women are unable to excel at complex maths : 48 % of US mathematics majors are female , and women earn higher maths grades than men throughout schooling5 .
The maths gender gap among the top 0.01 % of students , which 30 years ago favoured males 13 - to - 1 , now favours males only 2.8 - to - 1 ( ref. 5 ) .
Some nation 's women ( including those in Singapore and Japan ) outscore US males on maths tests by an amount far larger than the gender gap within the United States5 .
So , vigorous debate has resulted in great progress in our understanding , and more breakthroughs will come — if we allow free speech in science .
One could argue that some peer - reviewed reports feed racial and gender stereotypes .
Perhaps such research should be forced to pass a higher cost–benefit threshold before publication .
But this is a slippery slope : philosopher Jean - Jacques Rousseau argued that atheists should be silenced , lest they convince the masses to abandon faith , condemning them to hell .
This would now be viewed as a ludicrous violation of free speech .
Who is to be impanelled with the wisdom to decide which views can be aired , and which research questions pass muster ?
It might also be argued that only primary researchers who are experts in their field , rather than administrators or non-experts , deserve protected speech in these areas .
A statement 's validity , however , lies in its congruence with scientific data , not in the role occupied by its speaker .
One powerful argument states that groups need protection against bigotry , and that censuring one side in a debate is necessary to prevent the harm done to victims of race and gender arguments .
Certainly , history offers examples of great harm befalling individuals due to flawed scientific claims .
Such problems , however , arise not from scientific discourse , but from political applications of those ideas .
This is another matter entirely and must be subject to checks and balances .
In today 's world , subjective perceptions of scientists ' intent seem to determine a study 's acceptability — work is celebrated if perceived as elevating under - represented groups ( as with focuses on women and minorities in the search for personalized medicine ) , but reviled if perceived as documenting sex and race differences in intelligence without a focus on interventions to eliminate them .
Yet many future uses of knowledge cannot be anticipated ; Flynn 's research has since been used to overturn death - row sentences for mentally - retarded , disproportionately black defendants , for example .
When scientists are silenced by colleagues , administrators , editors and funders who think that simply asking certain questions is inappropriate , the process begins to resemble religion rather than science .
Under such a regime , we risk losing a generation of desperately needed research .
References 1 Lynn , R. & Vanhanen , T. IQ and the Wealth of Nations ( Praeger , 2002 ) .
2 Lynn , R. & Vanhanen , T. IQ and Global Inequality ( Washington Summit , 2006 ) .
3 Barnett , S. M. & Williams , W. M. Contemp .
Psychol. 49 , 389–396 ( 2004 ) .
4 Flynn , J. R. What is Intelligence ?
( Cambridge Univ. Press , 2007 ) .
5 Ceci , S. J. , Williams , W. M. & Barnett , S. M. Psychol .
Bull .
135 , 218–261 ( 2009 ) .
Download references
Author information Affiliations Stephen Ceci and Wendy M. Williams are in the Department of Human Development at Cornell University , Ithaca , New York , USA .
sjc9@cornell.edu wmw5@cornell.edu Stephen Ceci & Wendy M. Williams Authors Stephen Ceci View author publications
You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Wendy M. Williams View author publications
You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar
Additional information See Editorial , page 763 , and online at http://www.nature.com/darwin .
Discuss this commentary package on Nature Networks .
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 February 7
Comet Lulin Tails
Credit & Copyright : Joseph Brimacombe
Explanation : Sweeping through the inner solar system , Comet Lulin is easily visible in both northern and southern hemispheres with binoculars or a small telescope .
Recent changes in Lulin 's lovely greenish coma and tails are featured in this two panel comparison of images taken on January 31st ( top ) and February 4th .
Taken from dark New Mexico Skies , the images span over 2 degrees .
In both views the comet sports an apparent antitail at the left -- the comet 's dust tail appearing almost edge on from an earth - based perspective as it trails behind in Lulin 's orbit .
Extending to the right of the coma , away from the Sun , is the beautiful ion tail .
Remarkably , as captured in the bottom panel , Comet Lulin 's ion tail became disconnected on February 4 , likely buffeted and torn away by magnetic fields in the solar wind .
In 2007 NASA satellites recorded a similar disconnection event for Comet Encke .
Do n't worry , though .
Comet tails can grow back .
At the time doctors gave her only a two per cent chance of survival and discussed with her parents , Junior and Tayo , about turning off her life support machine .
They were warned that even if she survived she would not be move , speak or eat properly .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Writings about the soybean date back to 3000 B.C. , when the Emperor of China listed the virtues of soybean plants for regenerating the soil for future crops .
His praises centered on the root of the plant , not the bean .
These ancient writing suggested that the Chinese recognized the unfitness of soybeans for human consumption in their natural form .
Now 5000 years later , we are once again catching on to the anti-nutritive qualities of the soybean , and realizing that the only soybean worth eating is one that has been fermented .
About 1000 B.C. some smart person in China discovered that a mold , when allowed to grow on soybeans , destroyed the toxins present and made the nutrients in the beans available to the body .
This process became known as fermentation and led to the creation of the still popular foods tempeh , miso , and natto .
A few centuries later , a simpler process was developed to prepare soybeans for consumption .
After lengthy soaking and cooking , the beans were treated with nigari , a substance found in seawater .
The end product was tofu .
During the Ming dynasty , fermented soy appeared in the Chineseas a nutritionally important food and an effective remedy for diseases .
In their natural form , soybeans contain phytochemicals with toxic effects on the human body .
The three major anti-nutrients are phytates , enzyme inhibitors and goitrogens .
These anti-nutrients are the way nature protects the soybean plant so that it can live long enough to effectively reproduce .
They function as the immune system of the plant , offering protection from the radiation of the sun , and from invasion by bacteria , viruses , or fungi .
They make the soybean plant unappetizing to foraging animals .
All plants have some anti-nutrient properties , but the soybean plant is especially rich in these chemicals .
If they are not removed by extensive preparation such as fermentation or soaking , soybeans are one of the worst foods a person can eat .
Unfermented soy has been linked to digestive distress , immune system breakdown , PMS , endometriosis , reproductive problems for men and women , allergies , ADD and ADHD , higher risk of heart disease and cancer , malnutrition , and loss of libido .
Groups most at risk of experiencing negative effects from the anti-nutrient properties of soy are infants taking soy baby formula , vegetarians eating a high soy diet , and mid-life women going heavy on the soy foods thinking they will help with symptoms of menopause .
All legumes contain phytate ( also known as phytic acid ) to some extent , but the soybean is particularly rich in this anti-nutrient .
Phytate works in the gastrointestinal tract to tightly bind minerals such as zinc , copper , iron , magnesium and calcium .
It has a particularly strong affinity for zinc , a mineral that supports wound healing , protein synthesis , reproductive health , nerve function , and brain development .
It is believed that people living in developing countries are shorter than those in developed countries because of zinc deficiency caused by eating too many legumes .
There is also evidence that mental development can be negatively impacted by a diet high in phytate .
In most legumes such as other varieties of beans , soaking is enough to break down most of the phytate content .
However the soybean requires that the enzymes be released in the fermentation process to reduce its phytate content to the point where it becomes fit for consumption .
This means that fermented soy foods like miso and tempeh have the lowest levels of phytate and are the best choices for anyone wishing to eat soybean products .
Tofu is also a good choice , as long as care is taken to replenish loss nutrients .
Whole soybeans , soy milk , soy chips , soy protein isolates , soy flour and all the other myriad of products made from processed soybeans and advertised as health foods have much higher levels of phytate and are not worth eating .
When food is eaten , digestive enzymes such as amylase lipase and protease are secreted into the digestive tract to help break it down and free nutrients for assimilation into the body .
The high content of enzyme inhibitors in unfermented soybeans interferes with this process and makes carbohydrates and proteins from soybeans impossible to completely digest .
When foods are not completely digested because of enzyme inhibitors , bacteria in the large intestine try to do the job , and this can cause discomfort , bloating , and embarrassment .
Anyone with naturally low levels of digestive enzymes such as elderly people would suffer the most from the enzyme inhibiting action of soy .
Soybeans have a high content of goitrogens , substances that can block the production of thyroid hormone as well as cause goiter formation .
Low thyroid activity plagues women in America , particularly middle - aged women .
Thyroid hormone stokes the cellular furnaces , known as mitochrondia .
When thyroid production is low , energy levels as well as body heat are also low .
Low thyroid level is what makes old people move so slowly and seem like every action is a huge chore .
Low thyroid means the action of the heart is reduced , resulting in lack of oxygen to the cells , a prime condition for cancer .
Genistein , an isoflavone found in soybeans , can also block thyroid production .
Phytate can accentuate these effects because it binds up zinc and copper , leaving little of these important minerals available to make thyroid hormone .
A transport protein called GLUT1 is shut down by genistein .
This protein sends glucose into the cells where it is used to generate energy .
Slowing the transport of glucose means less energy production not only of thyroid hormone , but of every other action in the body .
Another way in which soy isoflavones reduce energy in the body is by inhibiting tyrosine kinases , enzymes involved in the transfer of energy from one molecule to another .
These enzymes drive cell division , memory consolidation , tissue repair , and blood vessel maintenance and regeneration .
It is this action of regulating cell division that made genistein a popular substance for fighting cancer .
When research on this anti-cancer effect of genistein became know , the soy industry feverishly developed products that would appeal to Western women looking for genistein .
In the middle of all this excitement , little attention was paid to how the energy reducing effects of genistein lowered cellular energy in normal cells .
Women have been encouraged to use high genistein soy products to alleviate symptoms of menopause and as a guard against bone loss and breast cancer .
But given the full range of effects of genistein in the body , high consumption could result in age - related memory loss .
Commercial soybean products offer genistein levels as high as 20 to 60 mg per serving .
Asians are presented as an example of the benefits of eating soybean products because their incidence of breast cancer and osteoporosis is low .
However , the Asian diet of fermented soybean products such as miso and tempeh includes only around 5 mg of genistein a day .
Genistein slows the growth of blood vessels to tumors , another action that makes it popular as a cancer fighter .
However , it has the same effect on blood vessels serving normal cells .
Eating a regular diet high in genistein could result in the starvation of healthy blood vessels , resulting in a reduced supply of oxygen to cells , setting up a cancer promoting situation .
In a graphic example of how genistein slows cellular energy , a study found that eating high levels of it slowed hair growth by 60 to 80 percentA decade ago a study of 8,000 Asian men showed that those consuming the highest amounts of tofu had smaller brain size and nearly three times the rate of senile dementia as those who ate the lowest amounts .
These results suggest that eating foods high in isoflavones such as soy protein isolates may accelerate the aging of the brain .
People filling up their shopping carts with raw or cooked soybeans , soy milk , and other non-fermented soybean products do not realize that the isoflavones they contain will not be available to their bodies .
Most of the isoflavones in soy products are bound to carbohydrate molecules called glucosides .
In this form genistein is actually called genistin .
It is fermentation that transforms genistin into genistein .
Many products in the U.S. do not distinguish between genistin and genistein on their labels .
Even with fermented soy foods , a little goes a long way .
The nutrients found in miso , tempeh , and natto can be beneficial in the moderate amounts found in the typical Asian diet , but have the potential to do harm in higher amounts .
In China and Japan , about an ounce of fermented soy food is eaten on a daily basis .
When fermented soy foods are used in small amounts they help build the inner ecosystem , providing a wealth of friendly microflora to the intestinal tract that can help with digestion and assimilation of nutrients , and boost immunity .
Dr. John Lee , author of several books on the health of women , recommended that women wishing to consume soy production eat only miso , tempeh , natto .
Tofu can also be eaten provided it is accompanied by fish or some other protein source and some seaweed or kelp to replenish bound minerals .
Eating small amounts of these foods will provide the cancer protective effects of genistein without causing the other potential problems of genistein .
Dr. Lee recommended avoiding genistein and isoflavone supplements , and soy protein isolates .
Sources : Dr. John Lee , , Warner Books . , bodyecology.com .
Barbara is a school psychologist , a published author in the area of personal finance , a breast cancer survivor using " alternative " treatments , a born existentialist , and a student of nature and all things natural .
Samuel Adams Utopias is the world 's most expensive beer in regular production , costing about USD 100 in the US .
In Sweden the government alcohol monopoly takes in a few bottles every time it 's produced , and a friend managed to get hold of a bottle from a pub in Gothenburg .
It cost about USD 300 there , though , so he wisely decided to split the bottle with others .
In the end we were eight beer enthusiasts who gathered in a flat in Oslo to try it .
And , of course , since we were getting together anyway , we brought a few more beers to try at the same time .
Utopias
Utopias is not a normal beer .
It 's been brewed in 2002 , 2005 , and 2007 , at different alcohol strengths each time ( 24 % , 25 % , and 27 % ) , which is way above what is usual for normal beer .
They claim to have achieved this without distillation , in which case Utopias is not only the most expensive , but also the strongest beer in the world .
It 's made with four varieties of malts and four types of noble hops , and I 'm told they also blend in old cellared beers , going all the way back to 1990 .
After brewing it 's stored in various kinds of barrels for nearly a year .
I would assume they mix beer from the different barrels to create the final beer .
When you actually see it , the first thing that stands out about the beer is the bottle , which is not a normal bottle at all , but a ceramic container overlaid with copper , to make it look like a traditional brew kettle .
The cork can be screwed on and off , which is handy , because if you 're a single person , drinking the whole 0.71l bottle in one session is not advisable .
Utopias has very little CO2 , and is so strong that you should be able to open and close the bottle several times over quite a long period of time without the beer suffering any ill effects .
The gang
Once you get it into the glass it does n't look terribly special .
It is dark brown with no head , and looks perhaps a bit more like a port than a beer .
It 's when you smell it that you really realize how unusual this beer is .
An intense cocktail of walnut , chocolate , malts , and alcohol assaults your nostrils , once again evoking thoughts of port more than any known beer .
The aroma really is gorgeous , and something you can sit enjoying for a long time , as different flavours come and go .
The taste is , if anything , even more violent , with much the same flavours : walnut , chocolate , malts , raisins , caramel , vanilla , wood , plums .
It starts out with walnutty chocolate , but quickly comes to be dominated by sharp hot burning alcohol , which really drives home the difference between , say , 16 % alcohol and 27 % .
At 16 % alcohol heats up the mouthfeel of the beer and kind of helps the flavours " burn into " your mouth .
At 27 % the ballgame changes completely , and the alcohol to some degree muscles the other tastes out of the way , and takes center stage for itself .
I do n't enjoy too much alcohol , personally , and I found this to be rather like a cross between port and whiskey .
Utopias is extremely sweet , but they have clearly added an enormous amount of hops , because while the sweetness dominates , the beer does balance the sweetness with bitterness .
The bitterness , in fact , settles in the mouth and grows stronger as you drink more of the beer .
I say " more " , but in fact I had only 0.1l of it .
That was actually plenty , I found , since this is not something you can just pour down the throat .
It 's much too alcoholic , sweet , and bitter for that , and the strength of the taste basically forces you to go slow .
Which is , of course , the only approach that makes sense , in any case .
Appearance 4/5 Aroma 9/10 Palate 3/5 Taste 7/10 Overall 16/20 Sum 3.9/5.0
So is the world 's most expensive beer also the best ?
I have to say that I do n't think so .
For me , the alcohol was a bit too powerful , and that detracted quite a bit .
Still , I gave it a 9 for aroma ( no other beer has gotten more ) and the flavour really was exceptional .
So it is a very special beer , and for someone who likes the alcohol bite , this really could be the best .
I gave it 3.9 , which puts about 70 other beers ( out of 2200 ) ahead of it .
Still , Samuel Adams Utopias is one of a kind , and I 'm happy to have been able to try it .
About CrimethInc .
What Is Crimethink ?
Crimethink is everything that evades control : the daydream in the classroom , the renegade breaking ranks , the spray - painted walls that continue to speak even under martial law .
It is the persistent sense that things could be otherwise , that there is nothing natural or inevitable about the prevailing social order .
In a world optimized for administration , everything that cannot be classified or displayed on a screen is crimethink .
It is the spirit of rebellion without which freedom is literally unthinkable .
What Is CrimethInc .?
CrimethInc. is a rebel alliance — a secret society pledged to the propagation of crimethink .
It is a think tank producing inflammatory ideas and action , a sphinx posing questions fatal to the superstitions of our age .
CrimethInc. is a banner for anonymous collective action .
It is not a membership organization , but a mouthpiece for longings that extend throughout the population at large .
Anyone can be CrimethInc. — it could be your next - door neighbor or the person sitting beside you on the bus .
You and your friends already constitute an affinity group , the organizational model best suited to guerrilla tactics , ready to go into action against all the forces that threaten your freedom .
CrimethInc. is an international network of aspiring revolutionaries extending from Kansas to Kuala Lumpur .
For over twenty years , we have published news , analysis , books , journals , posters , videos , podcasts , and a wide range of other resources — all copyright free , produced and distributed by volunteer labor , without reliance on external funding or market trends .
We also coordinate speaking tours , debates , and various other public events .
Though we rarely seek public recognition for our efforts , everything we do is informed by our participation in social movements .
CrimethInc. is a desperate venture .
As this society lurches ever closer to annihilation , we are staking everything on the possibility that we could kick open the escape hatch to another future .
Rather than competing for social capital or selling ourselves to the highest bidder , we have thrown ourselves completely into the struggle for a better world .
We invite you to do the same .
General Inquiries
Email :
hello@crimethinc.com
Twitter :
@crimethinc
Mailorder
Mail :
CrimethInc. Far East
PO Box 4671
Salem OR , 97302
Email :
house@crimethinc.com
A Note About Spam
Make sure your emails do n’t get marked as spam :
We use super - aggressive spam filtering because we hate spam and we get more than a thousand a day .
That said , we receive nearly every real email sent to us .
However , on very , very rare occasions , real emails get filtered out and we never receive them .
To make absolutely certain we get your email , do not attatch a GIF , use the words spam , penis , viagra , etc. ; and do put this exact phrase anywhere in the body of your email ( minus the quotes ) : “ Magic Anarchist Text ” .
Make sure our emails do n’t get marked as spam :
For some reason , email services such as Hotmail , Yahoo , AOL , and Gmail ( and some small ones , too ) occasionaly decide that all email sent from crimethinc.com is spam .
We suspect it has to do with errant users marking their order emails as spam — please people , do n’t do that .
To ensure you get emails from us , please set - up a filter for the word “ crimethinc ” or put *@crimethinc.com in your address book or allowed list — whatever you need to do to ensure they do n’t get marked as spam .
Active Distribution
Mail :
Active Distribution ,
BM ACTIVE ,
London ,
WC1N 3XX ,
England
Email :
jon@activedistribution.org
Tropical forests may dry out and become vulnerable to devastating wildfires as global warming accelerates over the coming decades , a senior scientist has warned .
Soaring greenhouse gas emissions , driven by a surge in coal use in countries such as China and India , are threatening temperature rises that will turn damp and humid forests into parched tinderboxes , said Dr Chris Field , co-chair of the UN's Nobel prize - winning Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
Higher temperatures could see wildfires raging through the tropics and a large scale melting of the Arctic tundra , releasing billions of tonnes of carbon into the atmosphere that will accelerate warming even further , he said .
Field , director of global ecology at the Carnegie Institute , told the American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting in Chicago at the weekend that the IPCC 's last report on climate change in 2007 had substantially underestimated the severity of global warming over the rest of the century .
The report concluded that the Earth 's temperature is likely to rise between 1.1C and 6.4C by 2100 , depending on future global carbon emissions .
" We now have data showing that from 2000 to 2007 , greenhouse gas emissions increased far more rapidly than we expected , primarily because developing countries , like China and India , saw a huge upsurge in electric power generation , almost all of it based on coal , " Field said .
The next report , which Field will oversee , is due in 2014 and will now include future scenarios where global warming is far more serious than previous reports have suggested , he said .
Field said that if the tropics became dry enough for fires to break out , tropical forests would pass a " tipping point " from absorbing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere to releasing it .
" Tropical forests are essentially inflammable .
You could n't get a fire to burn there if you tried .
But if they dry out just a little , the result can be very large and destructive wildfires .
It is increasingly clear that as you produce a warmer world , lots of forested areas that had been acting as carbon sinks could be converted to carbon sources , " he said .
The result could lead to runaway warming .
Field 's warning was echoed by French scientists , who said the IPCC 's estimate that sea levels would rise around 40 cm by 2100 was likely to be a best case scenario .
Former US vice - president Al Gore , who spoke at the meeting on Friday night , called for a globally coordinated stimulus to tackle climate change .
" We 've now reached the stage where continuing on our present course will threaten the entirety of human civilisation , " he said .
• This article was amended on Thursday 19 February 2009 .
We quoted a scientist describing tropical forests as " essentially inflammable " .
Inflammable means " liable to catch fire " ( Collins ) ; non-flammable was meant .
Franken campaign : ' Panicking ' Coleman team lying about duplicate ballots Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday December 18 , 2008
Print This Email This
Over the last several days , Republican Sen .
Norm Coleman 's campaign has raised concerns about the possibility that some ballots in the Minnesota Senate race would be counted twice .
Democratic challenger Al Franken filed a brief Thursday rebutting those concerns and charging the Coleman camp with reversing its previous position on duplicate ballots because it now fears losing the closely fought recount .
" The Coleman campaign is going to lose this recount , and now that they 've figured that out , they 're panicking , " Franken communications director Andy Barr said in a press release .
" Now they are lying again .
This is a bogus issue .
And this desperate ploy goes beyond trying to change the rules in the middle of the game - it 's trying to change the rules after you 've already lost the game . "
At issue are duplicate ballots , which election judges create if original absentee ballots cannot be read by vote - scanning machines .
Judges are supposed to mark the duplicate ballots and set aside the originals .
Such duplicates usually are used to replace overseas absentee ballots , which are printed on regular computer paper and mailed to a voter 's precinct , as MinnPost 's Eric Black explains .
Heading into this year 's recount , Secretary of State Mark Ritchie issued instructions to the counties on how to handle questions that might arise .
In the matter of the duplicates , his instruction was to count the originals and set aside the duplicates .
This was a new policy that Smith and Mansky said had not been followed in previous recounts .
In some precincts , this created a situation where there were more votes than voters , which probably increases the likelihood that those were cases where the duplicates were made and counted , but not labeled ( and since they were n't labeled , they could n't be set aside , according to the secretary of state 's instructions ) .
That 's why the Coleman campaign is now complaining that Ritchie 's policy created the double counting of more than 100 ballots .
In a supplementary memorandum ( .pdf ) to its latest filing , the Franken campaign dismisses Coleman 's argument , saying that earlier in the count the Republican campaign held the opposite position regarding the duplicates .
The Franken filing included e-mails from Coleman 's attorney ( .pdf ) arguing on behalf of including the duplicates .
The campaign summarized its filing in a press release .
From the Franken brief :
If the Board were to eliminate all originals at this point , it would - by definition - necessarily disenfranchise all of those voters , which would include all of the ballots properly duplicated by counties during the course of the recount in reliance upon the rules adopted by the Secretary of State and this Board .
Such a sweeping disenfranchisement would be unprecedented in Minnesota history .
The brief includes emails from Coleman attorney Tony Trimble to the Secretary of State 's office like the following from November 19 : TRIMBLE :
We believe that duplicate ballots should be counted if no corresponding original can be found , as this was a ballot cast on election night .
A challenge to a duplicate ballot for which no original can be found is a frivolous challenge , because it does not relate to voter intent .
Any challenge to a duplicate ballot should be made within an election contest and is not within the limited jurisdiction of an administrative recount .
We will request the Minnesota State Canvassing Board to reject any challenges to duplicate ballots as groundless and frivolous ( if the same are brought to the Canvassing Board ) .
A state canvassing board is considering about 1,500 ballot challenges this week , and it is becoming less likely the board will meet a Friday deadline to complete the recount .
The board has n't said when or if it will issue a decision on the duplicate ballots .
When a person begins to speak about a subject and then works in the lyrics to a certain theme song , the origins of the term originate in West Philadelphia where I was born and raised , on the playground is where I spent most of my days , chillin ' out maxin ' relaxin ' all cool and all shootin ' some b- ball outside the school when a couple of guys who were up to no good , started making trouble in my neighborhood .
Got in one little fight and my mom got scared , said you 're moving with your Auntie and Uncle in Belair .
The best pig porn this side of a pork belly .
February 03 , 2009 21:03 IST
T he ' world 's cheapest laptop ' , developed in India , was unveiled by Union Minister for Human Resources Development Arjun Singh at the Tirupati temple on Tuesday evening .
The laptop , jointly developed by several organisations , such as the University Grants Commission , the Indian Institute of Technology - Madras , and the Indian Institute of Science , Bangalore , will be priced at around $ 10 to $ 20 ( about Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 ) , officials said .
S K Sinha , joint secretary in the ministry for education , giving a demonstration of the device which is smaller than the normal laptop , said that it will need some more fine - tuning .
He said the laptop is expected to reach the market in about six months .
Arjun Singh had an interaction with the vice chancellors of the remote states like Jammu and Kashmir and Manipur to prove the point that the device will be able to bring about high quality networking among the various institutions of higher education and also increase the skills of e learning of the students in rural areas .
The project has already created a buzz in the laptop industry across the world .
The laptop has 2 GB onboard memory with wireless Internet connectivity .
To make it useful for the students , especially in the rural areas , the scientists have made it low power consuming gadget .
The mission was launched at a huge gathering of academicians and the officials from across the country including thirty vice chancellors of central and state universities at the campus of Sri Venkateshwara University Tirupati .
Like the National Mission on Education through ICT , the laptop is also aimed at improving the skills of students , both at the school and higher levels .
Under the mission the government also intends to provide high - speed Internet access to the schools to download e-books and e-journals and other material .
Students will be able to download the material through the ' Sakshat ' portal .
The goal of the national mission is to increase the enrollment in higher education in the country by 5 per cent over the next five years .
The government will subsidise 25 per cent of broadband connectivity costs for private and public colleges .
The $ 10 laptop is being seen as India 's reply to One Laptop per Child 's XO and Classmate of Intel .
The XO , created by scientist Nicholas Negroponte and MIT Media Lab was originally targeted to cost only $ 100 but by the time it was ready to enter the market its cost went up to $ 188 .
The Classmate notebook PC from Intel was priced at $ 300 a piece .
In contrast , the Indian government 's effort to market lap top at only $ 10 has caused a flutter in the international laptop market and many players are curious to know the details of the costing and how Indians managed to keep the cost so low .
Nicholas Negroponte is not fully satisfied with the cost projection .
" I fear it is not serious .
We 'd love a $ 20 laptop but the display costs more , " he was quoted as saying by < EM > Boston Globe < / EM > .
This microscope image shows a plankton group three weeks after its fertilisation with iron on the research vessel ' Polarstern ' .
Seeding the oceans with iron is a viable way to permanently lock carbon away from the atmosphere and potentially tackle climate change , according to scientists who have studied how the process works naturally in the ocean
The Internet and the hooligans who exploit it have evolved over the past few years , but sadly , America 's 911 service has n't kept up .
Pranksters are wreaking havoc on the service and on call center budgets by placing fake calls through a flaw in the way the aging emergency phone system handles VoIP networks .
After paying a small fee to one of the readily available caller ID spoofing services available on the Web , a prank caller with a grudge or a serious psychological problem can call 911 and tell the operator just about any story he or she wants .
Since the 911 system was n't built with VoIP in mind , these calls appear to originate from anywhere , and said hooligans take full advantage of the opportunity .
The practice has been dubbed " swatting , " typically because the spoofed emergency stories that these troubled individuals make up are horrible enough to send police and even SWAT teams to unsuspecting victims on the other side of town or the continent .
The AP reports one recent incident that occurred in 2007 , when 18 - year - old Randal Ellis in Mukilteo , WA falsified his location and called a 911 support center in Orange County , CA .
For 27 minutes , Ellis spun a story about drugs and murder that sent the Orange County Sherriff 's department SWAT team to the house of Doug and Stacey Bates .
Ellis told the operator that he was high and had just shot his sister , and after police stormed the house , Doug and Stacey were handcuffed .
This was just one of the 185 calls Ellis made to 911 call centers around the US , according to Yahoo Tech , and the Bates family was picked at random .
After being caught , the teen pleaded to five felony felony counts that include computer access and fraud , as well as false imprisonment by violence , and was sentenced to serve three years in prison .
Another major case involved eight people who arranged over 300 swatting calls , while another in 2006 involved a teen in Dallas , TX who made up a story about killing family members and threatening hostages with an AK - 47 .
As is the case in the unrelated area of the government 's computer - automated mass surveillance efforts , false positives are a terrible drain on the resources of the 911 system , since they mobilize law enforcement at considerable expense to no end .
Ellis ' Orange County call ultimately cost authorities over $ 14,000 , as a helicopter and K - 9 unit accompanied police and SWAT forces .
One proposed method to guard against these calls is to upgrade 911 call center systems to display a caller 's IP address when applicable , but despite all the ruckus in recent years over VoIP services and 911 , the overwhelming majority of ( legitimate ) calls are still from traditional land lines and cell phones .
A cheaper solution that could reportedly cost under $ 5,000 would at least display a caller 's VoIP service name , but , at least for now , even that is outside the budgetary realm of too many call centers .
( CNN ) -- Asian and Pacific markets opened minimally down on Tuesday , with Tokyo's Nikkei index bucking the trend and gaining .67 percent in early trading .
World markets appear to have reacted well to Friday 's bounce on the Dow Jones .
Australia 's All Ordinaries index lost 1.13 percent , Seoul 's KOSPI index was down .45 percent , the Shanghai composite index dropped .65 percent and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index slipped .08 percent in the early going .
The moderate movement contrasted with Wall Street 's second consecutive session of gains during a day that saw the Dow Jones industrial average briefly top 9,000 for the first time in a month .
The Dow jumped 298 points , or 3.5 percent .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index added 3.8 percent and the Nasdaq composite gained 4.1 percent .
" The bottoming process is taking place , " Dave Hinnenkamp , CEO at KDV Wealth Management , said .
He said that the market has priced in a lot of gloomy news and that the lows hit in late November were significant .
Between October 9 , 2007 , when the S&P 500 closed at an all - time high , and the recent low on November 20 , the index has plunged 52 percent .
Investors welcomed U.S. President - elect Barack Obama 's plan to create 2.5 million jobs by 2011 through public works projects and reports that government help for the automakers was on the way .
Do n't Miss CNN / Money : Automaker plan under White House review
Automakers General Motors and Ford gained 18 percent and 17 percent respectively , as congressional Democrats sent the White House a proposal that would give the Big 3 up to $ 15 billion in federal loans as early as December 15 .
Other shares that went up Monday were American Express , Bank of America , Citigroup , JP Morgan Chase , Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs .
Dow stock Alcoa and other metal and mining stocks advanced along with the price of the underlying commodities .
Dow stock Caterpillar rallied 13 percent .
The heavy equipment maker is one of the companies that would benefit from Obama 's infrastructure plan .
" We 're in a very unsettled period where people 's opinions swing between hope and fear on very little news , " said Ken Kam , portfolio manager of the Masters 100 Fund .
" Right now we are seeing the impact of the hope that maybe the worst is over . "
Still , he said , it was too soon to see the recent upswing as anything other than a bear market rally .
Major European markets also closed higher .
The French CAC was up 8.7 percent in trading , Germany 's DAX climbed 7.6 percent , while the UK's FTSE 100 was up 6.2 5.89 percent .
Alek 's Controllable Christmas Lights for Celiac Disease
Use the three christmas webcams for a live view of over 20,000 christmas lights and also CONTROL them - heck , you can even inflate ( or deflate ) the giant Elmo , Frosty , Santa , and Homer Simpson - D'OH !
All three webcams are online from Thanksgiving to Jan 1st between 1700 to 2200 MST ( GMT - 7 ) which is when you can turn stuff on & off to entertain the neighbors .
Plus send " Instant Messages via Webcam " for all to see .
HO HO HO ! ;-)
It 's been a fun run providing joy to millions of Internet surfers for over a decade , but Alek " Griswold " hung up his Santa Hat after 2014 ... ;-)
☺ Hello 176.009.113.070 from N - A N - A Germany ( 51.2993 °N 9.4910 °E ) ☺
There would be Christmas webcams here if your browser supported iframes **********
You MUST enable Javascript for auto - refreshes of the webcam **********
There would be weather info and webcam control panel displayed here if your browser supported iframes
HULK sayscan add some cheerful christmasy comments now in the Christmas Blog
While I appreciate the folks who have asked if they can donate / PayPal to cover the costs of the lights and ( wind powered and carbon offsett 'ed ! ) electricity , I 've never asked for donations and do n't plan to change that .
While it is a bit of work to put up all the Christmas stuff , I do it anyway for the neighborhood kids and the web site is just my way of saying " Merry Christmas " to folks around the world .
If you feel compelled to make some sort of donation , I 've been involved with celiac disease so make a donation toward medical research at the Center for Celiac Research - tell 'em Komar .
Org sent 'ya ! ;-)
Circuit Layout & Electrical Analysis for Christmas 2014 Circuit X10 - Zone Amps Lights Description Panel - 1 1 5.6 3,000 Burrito Reindeer , Christmas Tree , Presents , Mini Candy Canes Balcony 1 3.6 1,000 Swag , Bells , Stars , Wreaths , Tree , Plane , Purple Rope Light Panel - 2 2 5.7 2,000 10 foot and lower LED lighted tree , lower Juniper , Candy Canes Balcony 2 2.4 500 Inflatable Tree / Grinch / Homer / Santa , Giant Lights , HULK Spotlight Panel - 3 3 7.7 3,000 Sidewalk Candy Canes & Figurines , West Tree , Train , Santa Sleigh Garage - E 3 5.4 2,200 Garage Icicles , Front Door Swag Garage - E 4 3.5 800 Christmas Trees hanging from Garage Panel - 5 4 5.0 2,200 Upper Roof Icicles , Purple Orbs , Column / Bubble Lights Panel - 4 4 8.0 1,500 Snow Globe , LED Tree , Penguin , Bells , Santa Heli , SANTA !
Panel - 2 5 4.2 1,000 Giant Inflatable Frosty , Red Topped Mini-Frosties , Tin Man , Trees / Stars Garage - W 5 0.6 100 Inflatable Elmo - Tickle me !
Window - U 5 0.8 500 Upper Window Decorations Panel - 2 6 4.8 1,300 HO , Inflatable Frosty Family Garage - W 6 1.5 400 Garage Stars , SpongeBob SquarePants TIMES TWO !
Panel - 2 7 3.3 1,300 HO , Inflatable Pumpkin - Jack is Back !!!
Garage - W 7 0.6 100 Inflatable Santa - twelve feet high !
Window - L 7 1.5 500 Lower Window Decorations Panel - 5 8 3.5 800 Santa Balloon , Doggie , LED Reindeer Family Panel - 1 8 1.0 400 Chimney Stars & Swag Garage - W 8 0.8 100 Inflatable Homer Simpson - D'OH !
Panel - 1 * 4.7 1,800 ON / OFF ( 1/2 ) , Santa Skier ( 5 ) , Roof Outline ( 6 ) , Santa Plane ( 7 ) Office * 2.0 500 Various stuff in Santa 's Workshop ! ;-)
1 : Rainier Beer 2: Santa's Workshop 3 : Candles / Light -UP !
4:Bells / Hulk Lamp 5 : Merry Banner 6 : Groovy Lava Lamps 7: Stepping Santa 8 : Present /LED
Cube TOTALS 22 76.2 25,000 TOTALS
2014 Christmas Lights Webcam Updates
A question often asked is how much does it cost to light the holiday display - the electrical meter does spin a bit faster .
That 's easy to calculate - with all 25,000 lights ON , the current draw is 76.2 amps .
Multiply by 120 Volts and divide by 1,000 to get 9.1 KiloWatts .
The electricity cost in Colorado is about 10 cents per KiloWatt - Hour , so to run the display continuously for an hour , it costs 91 cents / hour - not much !... so divide that by two and then multiply by the 5 hours / day it 's active , and the electricty costs 227 cents per day .
Multiply that by 31 days and for $ 70 , a whole month of holiday fun is provided to people around the world ... plus some awareness and thousands of dollars in donations for Celiac Disease Research !
Scientists use Darwin theory to create new technologies Scientists use Darwin theory to develop new technologies
As his 200th birthday nears , iconic theory still leaves its mark
Charles Darwin has become an indispensable tool for biologists to comprehend the natural world .
Charles Darwin has become an indispensable tool for biologists to comprehend the natural world .
Photo : AP Photo : AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Scientists use Darwin theory to create new technologies 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Still a flash point among fundamentalist Christians , the theory of evolution proposed by Charles Darwin 150 years ago has become an indispensable tool for biologists to comprehend the natural world .
Yet as scientists mark Darwin ’s 200th birthday this month , evolution is no longer simply a narrative of life .
Scientists have begun using it as a tool to develop new technologies .
By doing so , they have improved law enforcement , created smarter computer programs and are remaking the field of medicine .
There have been quirkier applications , such as cleaner clothes , too .
Only recently , though , have scientists begun calling attention to these breakthroughs , as the ideas of the iconic English naturalist have faced renewed attacks .
In Texas , controversy over Darwin ’s work resurfaced last month when the State Board of Education narrowly voted to delete a provision that required the teaching of the weaknesses and strengths of evolutionary theory .
The board is toact soon on a proposal that would require students to consider the evolutionary principle that all organisms have a common ancestor .
Supporters say they want children to understand there are viable alternatives to evolution .
But Andy Ellington , a University of Texas evolutionary biologist , called that argument “ almost amusing . ”
“ You have these folks who are trying to suggest that we should n’t teach evolution as something our kids need to know , ” he said .
“ But at the same time , there are these new technologies out there shaping our lives every day . ”
Darwin , born Feb. 12 , 1809 , sailed from England in 1831 on a five - year voyage around the world .
During the journey , he took copious notes about the variability of flora and fauna .
Darwin ’s observations in A Naturalist ’s Voyage Around the World eventually led to the notions of natural selection and evolution , theories he laid out in On the Origin of Species , the 150th anniversary of which comes in December .
Thanks to the discovery of DNA ’s structure in 1953 and the mapping of the human genome half a century later , biologists now say they understand the mechanisms by which genes mutate and species evolve .
And they ’re using that knowledge in increasingly powerful ways .
One of the first and most well - known uses of evolutionary theory has come in law enforcement .
Among the 3 billion or so chemical bits , or letters , in human DNA are those that change slowly and those that mutate rapidly .
Scientists realized that short segments of DNA vary greatly from person to person as a result .
The finding gave rise to the concept of DNA fingerprints to identify individuals .
Crime - fighting , medicine
By the late 1980s , scientists were testifying in court about the reliability of DNA evidence to convict criminals .
Such evidence has become a powerful forensic tool .
“ It ’s had a tremendous impact on criminal justice , not the least of which has been to free a lot of innocent people , ” said Rusty Hardin , now a defense lawyer who in 1988 prosecuted the first Harris County case that used DNA evidence .
In recent years , the concept of genetic identification has been extended to such areas as vintage wines and Beluga caviar , where buyers want surety that what they ’re buying is authentic .
Evolution also has helped scientists become smarter about the development and use of medicines such as antibiotics and vaccines .
Physicians now understand that bacteria mutate over time .
When attacked by antibiotics , some bacteria become resistant to certain antibiotics and thrive .
“ Evolutionary theory has definitely guided us , and now we as a medical community know to be much more careful about the use of antibiotics , ” said Dr. James Versalovic , a Baylor College of Medicine professor and the director of microbiology at Texas Children ’s Hospital .
The evolution of viruses also is critical to the development of vaccines .
Some viruses , such as polio , have genetic material that changes slowly over time , allowing physicians to create a vaccine that will last for life .
Other viruses , including influenza and HIV , are constantly changing .
This requires annual changes to the flu vaccine and has prevented development of a successful vaccine against HIV .
“ We know we are in a world where we are in a constant competition with bacteria and viruses , ” said Dan Graur , a University of Houston biologist .
“ We need to use evolutionary principles just to keep them under control . ”
Some scientists also use evolution to develop drugs to combat disease , an approach called “ directed evolution . ”
Biologists employing this method generate a large batch of random segments of DNA — short strips of biological material — which are then tested to see whether any will perform a useful function inside cells , such as binding to a protein .
The DNA segments that fail at the task are eliminated ; those that succeed are copied in such a way that new mutations are introduced .
These new variants then are tested .
The process is replicated many times until an optimal sequence is found .
Computer programs
The approach has led to treatments for an eye disease called wet macular degeneration and other diseases , said Ellington , the UT - Austin biologist whose lab conducts directed evolution experiments .
Computer scientists use a similar process , called evolutionary or genetic algorithms .
This technique involves many people writing computer programs for a certain task , such as managing air traffic or weather forecasting .
Just as members of a species compete for resources in the wild , the programs compete with one another , mixing and matching lines of code and ultimately producing the most efficient algorithm for a certain task .
A company called Maxygen has applied this process to basic household goods .
Enzymes help speed up chemical reactions and are often good at digesting fats , starches and proteins — the kinds of materials that stain clothes .
Maxygen collected enzymes from different bacteria , chopped and mixed them , and created new enzymes .
By randomly combining them over many generations , the company developed enzymes that improved detergents .
Other companies have tried similar approaches .
“ These kinds of applications are everywhere , and a lot of it began with Darwin , ” Ellington said .
eric.berger@chron.com
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
A medical marijuana dispensary in South Lake Tahoe , Calif. , was raided recently by agents from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and local and other federal authorities .
Another day , another reminder that federalism is all but dead .
Ill leave the facts behind this particular raid for courts to decide , but I ’m skeptical .
I am reminded of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas stellar dissent from a 6 - 3 decision in June 2005 in another California medical marijuana case , Gonzales v. Raich .
In that case , marijuana was grown by seriously ill people for their own use .
It was never bought or sold , and it was never carried across a state line .
Nevertheless , it was found to be banned by federal law under a bizarre construction of the “ commerce ” and “ necessary and proper ” clauses of the U.S. Constitution .
Further , it made no difference that the citizens of California had decided in a referendum to permit medical use of marijuana .
Concluding his 18 - page dissent , Justice Thomas said , “ The [ Court ] majority prevents States like California from devising drug policies that they have concluded provide much - needed respite to the seriously ill .
The majority ’s rush to embrace federal power ‘ is especially unfortunate given the importance of showing respect for the sovereign States that comprise our Union .
Our federalist system , properly understood , allows California and a growing number of other States to decide for themselves how to safeguard the health and welfare of their citizens . ” ( Citation omitted . )
Hastening the end of federalism is just one pernicious result - collateral damage - from the nation ’s so - called “ war on drugs . ”
Just like Prohibition ( of alcohol ) 90 years ago , criminal profits have led to widespread corruption in our own country .
( How , for instance , does one think a typical imprisoned criminal can get any drug he wants just about any time he wants it ?
Answer : bought guards . )
Drug-using Americans money in the hands of narco - traffickers has created damage immediately south of our southern border that goes far beyond tragic ; it ’s terrifying .
Former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich put it this way : “ We have to rethink our entire strategy for working with Mexico .
The war that ’s under way in Mexico is an enormous national security threat to the U.S.
If we allow the drug dealers to win we will have a nightmare on our southern border and no amount of fence and no amount of national security would compensate for the collapse of Mexico . ”
Many illicit drugs are bad .
But suppression of liberty is bad , too .
Prohibition was doomed from the get - go because too many Americans would n’t lay off booze .
It has been clear for a long time that , to the extent it relies on prohibition , the drug war is a failure for the same reason .
It ’s a failure writ many tens of times larger than alcohol prohibition .
I once lost the chairmanship of the Republican Party of New Mexico because some in that party deemed impermissible having the open and serious debate about drug policy that the Republican governor and I advocated .
Decriminalization or legalization was simply off the table , as if Prohibition and its repeal never happened .
Some minor law changes designed for the governor by a task force that included a prominent federal judge and several others from law enforcement sent the states senior U.S. senator and some other party bigwigs into a conniption .
The ensuing hypocrisy was breathtaking .
For example , the states two Republican U.S. representatives issued a statement saying , “ While we agree that Mr. Dendahl has done good work for our party and has been a warrior for many of the party ’s principles , he simply has broken faith with the party in this matter . ”
But when U.S. Sen .
James Jeffords of Vermont switched parties less than three months later and handed control of the U.S. Senate to the Democrats , one of those same two Republican congressmen unctuously opined , “ He made a decision of conscience and you have to respect that .
The party is big enough to reflect different views . ”
Well , maybe not .
But it had better learn to be .
Retired businessman John Dendahl lives in Littleton , Colo. , and is president of the newly incorporated think tank the Rocky Mountain Foundation .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
(.)
SEOUL -- South Korean officials arrested a blogger who for months had been criticizing the government 's economic policy , charging him with spreading false rumors that led to a drop in the country 's currency .
Prosecutors identified Park Dae-sung , who is unemployed , as the widely read blogger writing under the pseudonym Minerva .
The ...
Meat - free menus are to be promoted in hospitals as part of a strategy to cut global warming emissions across the National Health Service .
The plan to offer patients menus that would have no meat option is part of a strategy to be published tomorrow that will cover proposals ranging from more phone - in GP surgeries to closing outpatient departments and instead asking surgeons to visit people at their local doctor 's surgery .
Some suggestions are likely to be controversial with patients ' groups , especially attempts to curb meat eating and car use .
Plans to reuse more equipment could raise concern about infection with superbugs such as MRSA .
Dr David Pencheon , director of the NHS sustainable development unit , said the amount of NHS emissions meant it had to act to make cuts , and the changes would save money , which could be spent on better services for patients .
" This is not just about doing things more efficiently , it 's about doing things differently , because efficiency is not going to get us to big cuts , " said Pencheon .
" What will healthcare look like in 2030 - 2040 in a very low carbon society ?
It will not look anything like it looks now . "
Last year the NHS published what it believes is the biggest public sector analysis of carbon dioxide , the biggest greenhouse gas , which showed the organisation 's emissions in 2004 were 18.6 m tonnes and rising .
This accounts for more than 3 % of all emissions in England , and if the NHS was a country it would have been ranked as the 81st biggest polluter in the world that year , between Estonia and Bahrain .
One - fifth of the emissions were from transport , one - fifth from buildings , and the remainder from procurement , including drugs , medical equipment and food .
On Tuesday , Pencheon and the NHS chief executive , David Nicholson , will publish the strategy - Saving Carbon , Improving Health - which will set targets to cut the organisation 's carbon footprint , and proposals to meet them .
It follows a government pledge last year to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 80 % by 2050 .
The plans cover all aspects of patients ' care , from building design to transport , waste , food , water and energy use .
Among the most talked - about is likely to be the suggestion that hospitals could cut carbon emissions from food and drink by offering fewer meat and dairy products .
Last year , the United Nations climate chief , Rajendra Pachauri , provoked a global debate when he said having a meat - free day every week was the biggest single contribution people could make to curbing climate change in their personal lives , because of the chemicals sprayed on feed crops and the methane emitted by cattle and sheep .
Last week , the German federal environment agency went further , advising people to eat meat only on special occasions .
Pencheon said the move would cut the relatively high carbon emissions from rearing animals and poultry , and improve health .
Last year the NHS served 129 m main meals , costing £ 312 m , according to Department of Health figures .
" We should not expect to see meat on every menu , " said Pencheon .
" We 'd like higher levels of fresh food , and probably higher levels of fresh fruit and veg , and more investment in a local economy . "
Other proposals that will impact directly on patients include urging people to drink less bottled water , more phone - in surgeries by GPs , greater sterilisation and reuse of equipment , and encouraging patients , visitors and staff to leave their car at home .
Many ideas are already being pioneered by one or a few trusts but will be spread more widely , including automatic lights and taps , renewable energy such as biomass and wind turbines , and green travel plans - such as facilities for cycling or new bus routes and bus stations at hospitals .
A blueprint for low - carbon buildings is also being considered , and longer term the NHS could develop its own energy grid supplied by renewables on its land .
Staff will also be encouraged to work from home more often , incentives could be introduced for workers to use smaller - engined cars for business mileage , departments could be given their own energy bills with the offer that employees can keep a share of cost savings they make , and hospital pharmacies could hold lower stocks and courier in specialist drugs on demand to cut waste .
The NHS will also use its massive purchasing power - £ 20 bn a year - to persuade suppliers to cut emissions , and pharmaceutical companies will be asked to make drugs with a longer shelf - life to reduce the amount of out - of - date stocks .
Longer term , to make bigger cuts , the NHS will have to make more radical changes , in particular giving more healthcare in or closer to patients ' homes , said Pencheon .
One idea being examined was for surgeons to travel to GP surgeries for follow - up consultations , to reduce the need for many patients to travel to outpatients departments , said Pencheon .
" If you 're going to get me radical I say the default place for health is in the home , and the person who delivers it is yourself : that 's the ultimate low - carbon health service , " he said .
The report will argue that reducing carbon emissions will cut bills for equipment , medicines , energy , water and waste services , and improve health - in the short - term for example by encouraging people to walk , in the long - term by helping to reduce the impacts of climate change .
" Unless we all take effective action now , millions of people around the world will suffer hunger , water shortages and coastal flooding as the climate changes , " it says .
" As one of the world 's largest organisations , the NHS has a national and international imperative to act in order to make a real difference and to set an important example . "
I think I first became aware of the Leopold & Loeb case from seeing the 1959 movie Compulsion on TV when I was a kid .
Based on a 1956 novel by Meyer Levin , the movie stars Dean Stockwell as the brilliant but deeply disturbed " Judd Steiner , " Bradford Dillman as the charming but deeply disturbed " Artie Straus , " and Orson Welles as the world - famous " atheist " attorney " Jonathan Wilk . "
( The movie still holds up quite well .
It 's much more historically accurate than you might assume , and it 's great fun seeing how the filmmakers get away with suggesting the nature of the relationship between " Judd " and " Artie " without being explicit about it . )
About 10 years ago I attempted to supplement my knowledge of this fascinating case .
Aided by the new ( but now pretty much defunct ) online used - book search engine Bibliofind , I found one book containing trial transcripts ( albeit somewhat censored ) and what was apparently the only existing book - length study , Hal Higdon 's The Crime of the Century : The Leopold and Loeb Case from 1975 .
Oddly enough , no - one else thought the case interesting enough for another history .
Enter historian Simon Baatz , who first became aware of Leopold & Loeb after seeing Alfred Hitchcock 's 1948 film Rope in a Brighton repertory cinema .
Rope was an Americanized adaptation of a 1929 play by Patrick Hamilton , certainly inspired by Leopold & Loeb , but retaining only the psychology of the killers while completely re-imagining the rest .
( If you want to schedule a " Leopold & Loeb Film Trilogy " night for yourself and some dear friends , you 'll definitely want to supplement Compulsion and Rope with Swoon , a 1992 indie film by Tom Kalin that is quite historically accurate except for a few minor points , such as the fact that Leopold and Loeb did not possess touch - tone phones .
Total viewing time of the three movies is under 4 ½ hours . )
Simon Baatz 's researches into the case culminated in his book For the Thrill of It : Leopold , Loeb , and the Murder that Shocked Chicago ( Harper , 2008 ) .
This is an extremely well - documented history but also a great read — combining a police procedural , a courtroom drama , and a social history of beliefs about crime and biological determinism circa 1924 .
The basic facts are these :
In May 1924 in Chicago , Nathan " Babe " Leopold ( age 19 ) and Richard " Dickie " Loeb ( age 20 ) lured Bobby Franks ( age 14 ) into a rented car , almost immediately killed him , and hid his body in a pipe in a drainage culvert .
Leopold and Loeb then contacted Franks ' parents and demanded a ransom of $ 10,000 for the return of their child .
However , the body of Bobby Franks was discovered the next day , and through some excellent police work , Leopold and Loeb were identified as the kidnappers and killers .
As the police mounted a case against them , they confessed .
If Nathan Leopold and Richard Loeb were poor boys trying to scrape out a meager living on the harsh streets of Chicago , the potential $ 10,000 ransom would have been perceived as the sole motive for the crime , and everybody would have understood .
But Leopold and Loeb both came from very wealthy and well - known families .
Nathan Leopold 's grandfather had built up " the largest shipping line plying the Great Lakes " ( p. 30 ) .
The family owned five cars — " a Packard , two Lincolns , a Willys - Knight , and a Wills Saint Claire " ( p. 127 ) — and a chauffeur to take care of them .
Richard Loeb 's father was vice president of Sears , Roebuck .
Both young men had sufficient allowances and did n't seem to need the extra money .
If Nathan Leopold and Richard Loeb were mentally deficient in some way and unaware of the gravity of their acts , everyone would have grieved over the killing of Bobby Franks , but there would have been sympathy for the killers themselves as well .
Yet , Leopold and Loeb were both college students , and in particular Leopold seemed to be quite intelligent ( although probably not as smart as he pretended to be ) .
The two of them had planned this crime in meticulous detail for as long as six months prior to the actual act .
What was so disturbing about this murder — and what keeps it interesting after 80 years — is that Leopold and Loeb seemed to have done it for kicks , for the challenge of plotting and carrying out a crime , as a test of their skill in being undetected , for the pleasure in knowing that they were superior to everyone else .
Here 's Leopold 's explanation :
I am sure , as sure as I can be of anything , that is , as sure as you can read any other man 's state of mind , the thing that prompted Dick to want to do this thing and prompted me to want to do this thing was a sort of pure love of excitement , or the imaginary love of thrills , doing something different ; possibly ... the satisfaction and the ego of putting something over . " ( p. 157 )
They did n't seem to believe that the normal rules of behavior applyed to them .
If you want a label , " psychopath " might do , but what Leopold and Loeb did derived as much from their unique symbiotic relationship as from their own individual pathologies .
After both Leopold and Loeb had confessed to the crime ( the only difference in their accounts being that both accused the other of wielding the actual murder weapon ) and the state psychologists judged them perfectly sane , there was just no way they were not going to pay for their crimes .
In desperation , their parents hired another Chicago resident , and the most famous lawyer in America , Clarence Darrow , who already knew both families .
They did n't expect Darrow to get their boys exonerated .
By now , the only thing they could hope for was to save them from the noose .
Baatz 's book is particularly strong in examining Clarence Darrow 's conviction that human behavior is largely determined by forces other than free will .
In Chapter 8 , Baatz traces Darrow 's evolving beliefs , from the idea that criminal activity is caused by social pressures ( such as poverty ) to a recognition that it can also be a result of biological forces within the body and mind .
The people we call criminals are , in this sense , victims , and they deserve help rather than punishment .
( Of course , this is a concept that really tends to curl the toes of some people — as much today as in 1924 . )
Darrow had an especial hatred of the death penalty as a barbaric anachronism that had no place in American society .
Capital punishment , he believed , was a relic of a bygone era ; the death penalty was a cruel , brutal , purposeless punishment that failed to deter criminals .
It was legal murder by the state , Darrow claimed , and , more often than not , it caught innocent persons in its maw ....
The death penalty was born out of hatred toward the criminal .
It had no purpose except revenge .
There was no evidence that capital punishment was a deterrent to murder .
Indeed , Darrow argued , since the taking of a life was an act of violence that corroded sentiments of charity and respect toward one 's fellows , it followed that the death penalty cheapened and devalued human life and that it was more an inducement to murder than a deterrent .
( p. 170 , 173 )
In Chapters 11 , 12 , and 13 , we discover how Darrow called in psychiatrists and experts in the emerging field of endocrinology to perform state - of - the - art tests on Leopold and Loeb to discover what glandular imbalance or mental defect could have caused the emotional immaturity of the two young men that prompted them to commit this act .
These chapters are really the core of Baatz 's book , and I found them fascinating for their insights into 1920 's era neurobiology .
Contributing greatly to the drama and readability of For the Thrill of It is the extensive dialogue .
As a careful historian , Simon Baatz has obtained all of this dialogue from public sources ( p. xv ) , which include the transcripts of the police interrogations , the trial transcripts , and Chicago 's six daily newspapers of the era .
The narrative is extensively documented with hundreds of footnotes .
Baatz sometimes indulges in supposition :
But Nathan found it impossible to concentrate .
He thought again of Richard Loeb ; he turned their scheme over in his mind , asking himself if they had missed anything .
They had arranged the murder for that afternoon ; could anything go wrong ?
I never felt these passages were unwarrented , however , and only once did a piece of dialogue ring false for me ( a passage on pages 144 - 145 ) .
It turned out to be taken from Irving Stone 's 1941 book Clarence Darrow for the Defense : A Biography .
I suspect Baatz wrestled with himself about including these snatches of dialogue , but I think he made the wrong decision .
Whether Irving Stone wrote novelistic biographies or biographical novels , they should not be treated as reliable histories .
What I missed from Baatz 's book are a broader sense of the era , and reactions to the case beyond the actual players .
It was my impression that the case kicked up a lot of anti-Semitism directed at the wealthy Jewish families that had produced these two young men .
But there is almost no discussion of that , and the popular reactions we do get are so tantalizing that we want more of the sort , like this little sermon from famous preacher Billy Sunday that the killing could be
traced to the moral miasma which contaminates some of our " young intellectuals . "
It is now considered fashionable for higher education to scoff at God .
The world is headed for Hades so fast no speed limit can stop it .
Precocious brains , salacious books , infidel minds — all these helped to produce this murder .
( p. 319 )
And , as Baatz reminds us ,
No organization was more hostile to the licentiousness of the 1920s than the Ku Klux Klan .
The abrupt revival of the Klan in the early 1920s , after several decades of quiescence , centered less on white supremacy and more on Protestant fundamentalism .
The Klan was still violently opposed to blacks , of course , but now other groups in the Klan 's worldview also threatened traditional morality : Catholics , Jews , and immigrants ....
In July the Klan burned a fiery cross , fourteen feet high , on a vacant lot not far from the Loeb family home .
On another occasion , toward the conclusion of the hearing , Klan members left a human skull and bones near the Loeb house with a note that promised a lynching of the two defendents .
( p. 322 )
In the film Compulsion , the Klan burns the cross outside the home of lawyer " Jonathan Wilk . "
( A year after the Leopold & Loeb case , Clarence Darrow travelled to the foothills of East Tennessee for the famous Scopes Trial .
Darrow headed the team that defended high - school teacher John Scopes , who had defied a Tennessee law by teaching evolution in the classroom .
The prosecution team recruited the famous evangelical , creationist , and three - time candidate for President , William Jennings Bryan .
On this occasion the Klan lit up a cross in honor of Bryan , who the Klan regarded as a lifelong friend to their cause .
When Bryan died soon after the trial , the Klan lit up another cross bearing the inscription " In memory of William Jennings Bryan , the greatest Klansman of our time , this cross is burned ; he stood at Armageddon and battled for the Lord . "
It should be noted that Bryan was n't actually a member of the Klan . )
Simon Baatz concludes his book with a brief survey of fictional renditions of Leopold & Loeb , including Compulsion , Rope , and Swoon .
But this subject deserves a much more extensive analysis .
The legacy of Leopold & Loeb lives on in an extremely common ( and what is now an extremely tired ) convention in novels , movies , and TV episodes : the brilliant but amoral serial killer , his elaborately complex murders , and his persistent cat - and - mouse provocations of the police .
( " We 're a lot alike , you and me . " )
Perhaps the most successful fictional killers of this sort are Hannibal Lecter ( who is a grown - up amalgam of the personalities of Leopold and Loeb ) and the mastermind behind the crimes of Se7en .
( Reading Leopold and Loeb 's fantasies in For the Thrill of It made me think of the excessively rich fantasy life of the Vincent D'Onfrio character in The Cell . )
There are even a few Leopold & Loeb - like teams of clever teens , as in Murder by Numbers and Funny Games , or somewhat older , as in the crap that James Patterson coughs up .
One of the most recent atrocities of the " intellectually superior serial killer " genre was the ridiculous " Masterpiece " episode of Criminal Minds featuring a potentially career - ending performance by Jason Alexander .
Of course , Leopold and Loeb were n't exactly serial killers , but it 's amazing how we tend to think of them in that way , for surely if they had escaped undetected after the killing of Bobby Franks , they would have gone on to kill others .
Yes , Leopold and Loeb were serial killers , but just not very prolific ones .
Brown reveals that 75 per cent of terrorist plots investigated by Britain have links to Pakistan
Three - quarters of the most serious terror plots investigated by Britain have links to Pakistan , Gordon Brown revealed yesterday .
He told President Asif Ali Zardari that Pakistan had to do much more to clamp down on militants sheltering within its borders .
The Premier spoke out as he revealed British police want to question the sole surviving gunman being held over the Mumbai terror attacks which killed at least 170 people , including one Briton .
The Pakistan - based extremist group Lashkar - e- Taiba was responsible for the ' terrible terror outrages ' in the Indian city last month , he said after talks with the president in Islamabad .
Gordon Brown says Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari must step up his government 's efforts to target Al Qaeda
He also unveiled a £ 6 million ' pact against terror ' deal with Pakistan which will include money to help the country combat car bomb attacks and educate people away from extremism .
Mr Brown flew to Pakistan from the Indian capital New Delhi where he had held talks with prime minister Manmohan Singh amid mounting tensions between the Asian neighbours in the wake of the terrorist outrage .
Announcing the funding , Mr Brown said : ' We will work to ensure that everything is done to make sure that terrorists are denied any safe haven in Pakistan .
' The time has come for action and not words and I want to help Pakistan and other countries to root out terrorism .
' Let me just emphasise why we in Britain have an interest in making Pakistan more secure .
' People in Britain know that what can happen in the mountains of Afghanistan and Pakistan can affect directly what happens in the streets of our cities and towns .
' I am grateful to President Zardari for agreeing with me that we must do everything in our power , because all of us suffer when terrorists are active and are able to impose their will . '
The Prime Minister stressed that 75 per cent of the most serious terror plots investigated by the British police and security authorities had links to Al Qaeda in Pakistan .
He described Pakistan 's border region with Afghanistan as one end of a ' chain of terror ' that could stretch to the streets of the UK .
Gordon Brown flew to Pakistan after meeting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , pictured
Mr Brown said President Zardari had ' reassured ' him that the Pakistani authorities were determined to root out the extremists behind the Mumbai attacks .
Islamabad has pledged to take ' strong action ' against terrorists but it has called on India to share more information about the atrocity .
The Prime Minister also confirmed that British police wanted to interrogate Mohammed Ajmal Amir Qasab , the Pakistani gunman who was captured while taking part in the massacre .
Downing Street insiders pointed out that the UK had a right to quiz the suspect as a crime had been committed against a UK citizen , Andreas Liveras , the businessman killed in Mumbai .
Mr Brown said he would await a response from both leaders about whether they would be happy for British detectives to grill suspects .
Measures agreed in New Delhi were extra co-operation on airport security and protecting big public events , such as the 2010 Commonwealth games in Delhi and the 2012 London Olympics .
On Saturday , Mr Brown made a surprise visit to Afghanistan .
He told troops that wherever there was terrorism , it had to be fought .
The Prime Minister 's trip to Helmand Province came a day after four Royal Marines were killed in two separate bomb attacks .
Mr Brown spoke of his ' disgust and horror ' at the willingness of the Taliban to use a 13 - year - old child to deliver a bomb in a wheelbarrow to a Marine patrol , killing three soldiers and the boy .
Octopus Pie »
15 - Love Anxiously »
Octopus Pie # 245 – nope
This page was a lot of fun to draw !
But towards the end , my darling brush , posthumously named India Ink the 1st , started splitting real bad .
I managed to salvage the page , but I must now find and befriend a new brush .
That ’s my sad story , I bet Friday ’s will be happier .
mer ’s listening to :
anathallo – italo
- Beep boop -
We 're still debating whether or not a new Mac mini really is just around the bend , but one thing 's for sure -- this version is the gnarliest we 've ever seen of the current iteration .
In an exercise that will undoubtedly go down as one of the most incredible Apple mods of all time ( okay , so we only partly believe that ) , Sir Charles Mangin has managed to squeeze a Mac mini into a ridiculously old disk ] [ enclosure .
Best of all , he even managed to align the single slot with the DVD drive in the mini , giving it a totally seamless look from the outside .
We know , this will only serve to drive the secondhand prices of disk ] [ cases through the roof , but at least you 've found a new reason to love the mini that has served you so well for so long , right ? [ Via technabob
The Met Police got a short sharp rap over the knuckles yesterday , as the Office of the Information Commissioner questioned what looks very much like a blanket policy to force CCTV onto public houses in certain parts of London .
The story begins with a letter to the Guardian last week , from Nick Gibson .
He is currently renovating Islington pub The Drapers Arms , after its previous owners allowed it to go insolvent and then disappeared .
In his letter , he argues that if he had merely taken over an existing licence , the police could not have imposed any additional conditions .
However , because this was now a new licence , the police were able to make specific requests , including one particular request in respect of installing CCTV .
Mr Gibson wrote : " I was stunned to find the police were prepared to approve , ie not fight , our licence on condition that we installed CCTV capturing the head and shoulders of everyone coming into the pub , to be made available to them upon request .
There was no way that they could have imposed this on the previous licence holder . "
We spoke to the Police and to Islington Council .
The Council were clear that this was not their policy : they would look at individual licence applications in the light of representations made to the Licensing Committee and decide on a case by case basis .
It was left to the Met to confirm the existence of a blanket policy for some parts of London .
A spokeswoman for the Met said : " The MPS overall does not have a policy of insisting CCTV is installed within licensed premises before supporting licence applications .
" However , individual boroughs may impose blanket rules in support of their objectives to prevent crime and disorder and to assist the investigation of offences when they do occur .
" Islington is one of the most densely populated districts for licensed premises in London and the borough 's licensing authority is committed to providing a safe environment in which to socialise .
" To this end , Islington police recommend all premises are required to install CCTV and make those images available to police upon request before a licence is granted . "
This is in stark contrast to existing guidelines ( pdf ) put together by the Office of the Information Commissioner , which requires any body seeking to install CCTV to do so on a case by case basis and only after carrying out a full impact assessment .
Clearly , a blanket policy covering a whole borough would fail to meet these guidelines .
When we put this to the Met , they clarified further , explaining that they did not " impose " CCTV , but merely put it forward as a " recommendation " to the relevant Licensing body .
We also asked why they had mentioned a requirement for all licenseholders to make images available " on request " – which would be a serious extension of police powers .
The Met responded that there was no intention to trawl footage for purposes of crime prevention – and this was merely a re-statement of existing law .
However , a spokeswoman for the Office of the Information Commissioner said : " Hardwiring surveillance into the UK ’s pubs raises serious privacy concerns .
We recognise that CCTV plays an important role in the prevention and detection of crime , and can help to reduce crime in areas of high population density , such as city boroughs .
" However , we are concerned at the prospect of landlords being forced into installing CCTV in pubs as a matter of routine in order to meet the terms of a licence .
The use of CCTV must be reasonable and proportionate if we are to maintain public trust and confidence in its deployment .
" Installing surveillance in pubs to combat specific problems of rowdiness and bad behaviour may be lawful , but hardwiring in blanket measures where there is no history of criminal activity is likely to breach data protection requirements .
We will be contacting the police and others involved to establish the facts and discuss the situation in Islington . ”
This sentiment was echoed by Chris Huhne , Lib Dems Home Affairs spokeman , who added : " The impression is that CCTV is a panacea for preventing crime but the evidence for this is far from conclusive .
" We are already the most watched society in the world , yet more and more CCTVs are being installed every day .
What we really need is proper regulation and an end to the over - reliance on this over - used and intrusive technology . " ®
NetBSD - Announce archive
NetBSD 5.0_RC1 binaries available for download
To : netbsd-announce%NetBSD.org@localhost
: Subject : NetBSD 5.0_RC1 binaries available for download
: From : Soren Jacobsen < snj%NetBSD.org@localhost >
: Date : Thu , 29 Jan 2009 12:38:25 - 0800
On behalf of the NetBSD Release Engineering team , I am proud to announce that the first release candidate of NetBSD 5.0 is now available for download .
Those of you who have been paying close attention will have noticed that RC1 was tagged on Sunday .
A few hiccups delayed the availability of binaries , but they can now be downloaded from ftp://ftp.NetBSD.org/pub/NetBSD-daily/netbsd-5-0-RC1/
Those of you who prefer to build from source can continue to follow the netbsd - 5 branch , but the netbsd - 5 - 0 - RC1 tag is available as well .
A second release candidate is expected to surface between at an undetermined time between now and the 8th of February .
Please help us test this and any upcoming release candidates as much as possible .
Remember , any feedback is good feedback .
Enjoy , Soren
You 've probably seen the incessant TV and Internet pitches - " We can stop your foreclosure ! " - offering hope to millions of homeowners who are either behind on their mortgage payments or heading to foreclosure .
But a new settlement from the Federal Trade Commission sends a blunt warning to the fast - growing foreclosure fix - it industry :
If you take consumers ' cash up front , and promise them you 'll save their homes , you 'd better be able to deliver .
Otherwise you may be charged with running a scam operation that violates federal law and exploiting the country 's mortgage delinquency mess for your own private gain .
The FTC filed suit against Mortgage Foreclosure Solutions Inc. of Clearwater , Fla. , charging the company with operating a " scheme to sell purported mortgage foreclosure services to consumers " nationwide through six Web sites , but never actually preventing foreclosures by lenders .
The FTC said the company lured homeowners with claims that " no matter how far you are behind in your payments , the size of your mortgage debt or your credit history , we have mortgage foreclosure solutions . "
According to the complaint , the marketing pitches said : " We are so confident of our abilities to provide mortgage foreclosure solutions that we guarantee our services . "
Consumers who signed up were charged $ 1,200 - $ 250 for " processing setup " expenses , and $ 950 for negotiating with lenders and resolving foreclosure issues .
Yet the company , according to the FTC , did " not stop mortgage foreclosures or save consumers ' homes in all or virtually all instances . "
Many clients " ultimately ( lost ) their homes to foreclosure , " said the FTC , despite the guarantees and fees .
The ones who avoided foreclosure did so on their own , with no help from the firm .
In a final settlement of the case in U.S. District Court in Tampa on Jan. 5 , the FTC obtained a $ 1.2 million judgment against the company , along with a series of prohibitions of future business activities promising foreclosure rescues .
Because of the firm 's financial incapacity to pay the judgment , the FTC agreed to suspend all but $ 8,320.84 , while reserving the right to collect the rest if evidence emerges that the defendants had not fully disclosed their financial and other assets .
Mortgage Foreclosure Solutions Inc. admitted no wrongdoing as part of the settlement agreement .
Cindy Liebes , assistant regional director for the FTC , said foreclosure rescue schemes are proliferating across the country as a result of the recession , job losses and the real estate bust .
The firms prey on homeowners who " are scared and really do n't know what to do " to get off the treadmill taking them to foreclosure and loss of their houses , said Liebes .
Scam operators often have no special ability to intervene on behalf of distressed borrowers , or to work out loan modifications , repayment plans or other alternatives with lenders .
All they want is to sign up clients and take their money - essentially kicking homeowners when they 're down and most vulnerable .
Liebes said the FTC has compiled a list of red - flag signs to help homeowners determine whether promoters claiming to be able to forestall or prevent foreclosures may not be legitimate .
In general , according to the FTC , you should avoid doing business with any firm that :
-- Guarantees to stop your foreclosure , irrespective of how much you owe or how much income you have to resolve your unpaid bills .
Most major lenders and the servicing companies they employ are willing to negotiate loan modifications to cut payments or reschedule debts , but if you do n't have the income to handle lower payments , foreclosure is hard to avoid .
Any company that spins you a different story is probably a scam .
-- Requires you to pay money up front before any services have been rendered .
Liebes said some states specifically prohibit foreclosure rescue firms from collecting any money in advance , but Internet - based companies often ignore those rules .
-- Tells you to avoid contacting your lender or servicers directly , delegating all negotiating duties to the firm .
In fact , borrowers tend to be in the best position to speak with servicers about their situations and possible alternatives to foreclosure , including short sales .
-- Instructs you to send mortgage payments to its office address instead of to your lender or servicer .
Such firms not only take your money with few or no services rendered , but dig you into a deeper financial hole with your lender .
--
Asks you to turn over the title or deed to the property so that the company can be in a stronger position to deal with the lender .
That 's the equivalent of kissing your house - and any remaining equity - goodbye .
If you spot any of these red flags , take the FTC 's advice : Walk away fast .
SCARBOROUGH , Maine - Church officials called police yesterday when demonstrators showed up to support the mother of a clergy abuse victim , but there were no arrests .
About 30 people , upset about the bishop 's failure to meet Marie Tupper in Boothbay Harbor , attended St. Maximilian Kolbe parish , where Roman Catholic Bishop Richard Malone was installing a new pastor .
The survivor advocates wore buttons and stickers that said , " Bishop Malone : Please Meet with Marie Tupper , " said Michael Sweatt , one of the demonstrators .
About 25 of the participants , some from as far away as Boston , received Communion but did n't address the bishop .
Police Sergeant Steve Thibodeau confirmed that officers were sent to the church .
He said the officers were not needed and there were no arrests .
On Dec. 16 , Malone had a police escort when Tupper and a supporter were at an event he attended in Portland 's Old Port .
Tupper , who did n't participate in yesterday 's event , said she is still waiting for a face - to - face meeting with Malone .
" I just do n't understand why the bishop wo n't meet with me , " she said .
" As I told him , I want to help him to help others in my community , to reach out to victims . "
Sue Bernard , spokeswoman for Diocese of Portland , said Tupper met with Malone 's predecessor , Bishop Joseph Gerry , and Malone offered for her to meet last month with his highest - ranking assistant .
Bernard says Tupper declined the offer .
Tupper contends that a family member was abused by the Rev. Thomas Lee , who was suspended from ministry in 2003 and resigned six months later , after an investigation into allegations of sex abuse of minors .
He served in Boothbay in the 1980s .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
Calendar year 2008 was the coolest year since 2000 , according to the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( GISS ) analysis of worldwide temperature measurements , but it was still in the top ten warmest years since the start of record - keeping in 1880 .
Given the range of uncertainty in the measurements , the GISS team concluded that 2008 was somewhere between the seventh and the tenth warmest year on record .
( The 10 warmest years have all occurred within the 12 - year period from 1997 - 2008 . )
The map above shows global temperature anomalies in 2008 compared to the 1950 - 1980 baseline period .
Below - average temperatures are shown in blue , average temperatures are white , and above - average temperatures are red .
( Gray indicates no data . )
Most of the world was either near normal or warmer than normal .
Eastern Europe , Russia , the Arctic , and the Antarctic Peninsula were exceptionally warm ( 1.5 to 3.5 degrees Celsius above average ) .
The temperature in the United States in 2008 was not much different than the 1951 - 1980 mean , which makes 2008 cooler than all of the previous years this decade .
Large areas of the central and eastern Pacific Ocean were cooler than the long - term average , linked to a La Niña episode that began in 2007 .
The graph shows the long - term trend in surface temperatures since 1880 .
The annual average temperatures are shown in light orange , and the jaggedness of the line indicates how much the average global surface temperature varies from year to year .
Because climate is so variable form year to year , it can be easier to spot long - term trends through multi-year averages .
The dark red line shows the five - year running average , which is an average of five years of annual temperatures centered on a given year .
Even this five - year average shows that climate has ups and downs , but the long - term increase in global average surface temperatures is obvious .
The gray “ barbells ” indicate the range of uncertainty .
Not surprisingly , the uncertainty is larger for older measurements than for more recent ones .
In their report on 2008 temperature trends , the scientists at NASA GISS , led by James Hansen , attribute the relative coolness of 2008 to the persistent La Niña , which continued as of late 2008 / early 2009 .
The summary also describes how the delay in the start of the next solar sunspot cycle , volcanic activity from Aleutian Island volcanoes ( both Okmok and Kasatochi erupted in August ) , and emission rates of greenhouse gases could influence average global temperatures in the next few years .
NASA image by Robert Simmon , based on GISS surface temperature analysis data .
Caption by Rebecca Lindsey , adapted from Global Temperature Trends : 2008 Annual Summation on the NASA GISS Website .
Shakey Times was dubious this morning as to what to do – to make ‘ that ’ Valentines Day mix or not ?
To mix or not to mix , the eternal question .
Eventually though , we figured there was probably little harm in having something ( anything ! ? ) to accompany our solitary coffee and cream tomorrow morning .
Due to unforeseen circumstances we very much doubt the bloggers at Shakey Time ’s will see so much as chicken leg tomorrow , let alone one wearing stockings ( human , not chicken ) .
So , if like us , you ’ve little money and are going to be on your lonesome as well ( and even if your not ) , then fear not !
Feel free to tuck into our Valentines Day selection .
We reckon it ’s far tastier than any gastro meal for two you can find this side of Feb 2010 – by which point we hope we ’ll be posting you a distinctly chirpier selection .
Promise .
DISCLAIMER :
This mix tape in no way guarantees happiness , cannot bring back lost loves , will not stop you pining like a little girl , and may be lethal in large doses .
Enjoy !
Procol Harum – Whiter Shade of Pale
Angus & Julia Stone – Fooled Myself
Pulp – Birds In Your Garden
Ryan Adams – Wonderwall
Patsy Cline – Walking After Midnight
Pelle Carlberg – I Love You , You Imbecile
Super Fury Animals – Fire in My Heart ( Live )
Lou Reed – I Love You Suzanne .
Sometimes we do n't know what we need , and certain magical companies make that decision for us .
I 'm afraid Techno Source may have done exactly that with this , the world 's first touchscreen Rubik 's cube .
The TouchCube works just like its more antiquated brethren , but instead of grinding the actual spinning cogs ( manual labor is for suckers ! ) , a simple swipe of the finger in a straight line or an ' L ' shape ( for rotations ) does the trick .
There 's an accelerometer built in that ensures only the upwards - facing surfaces respond to your touch , so you can still hold the thing .
Advertisement
And it would n't be a touchscreen Rubik 's cube without a few improvements : namely , the TouchCube can solve itself as you watch , and even teach you , step by step , how to do it .
So you can be one of those kids we all marveled at in school ( Ben Shepple , this one 's for you ) who could solve a cube in a matter of seconds .
Built - in memory will also save your cube 's state if you need to take a break .
Techno Source has spent three years hard at work in their underground puzzle and wonderment factory to bring us the TouchCube , and now , behold , it can be ours .
For $ 150 this fall .
We 'll try to do some hands - on solving later this week at NYC 's massive Toy Fair - be on the lookout for more .
MONTERREY , MEXICO — Kidnapping and Mexico , they go together like beans and rice .
There has always been a kidnapping industry in Mexico .
It ’s not for nothing that we have become the kidnapping capital of the world .
Yep , that ’s a true , fun fact .
The most basic kidnapping operations are the cells dedicated to kidnapping wealthy individuals or their family members and demanding that people pay a nice fat ransom in exchange .
When I was a kid , the country went into a lolla - kidnapping - palooza .
In every state you heard about kidnapping gangs , usually colluding with the cops .
They came in many forms .
There ’s the relatives kidnapping racket I just mentioned .
There ’s also what we here call the “ express kidnapping , ” in which you are grabbed while dialing on the ATM .
The thugs pack you into their car and take you to different ATMs until they empty your account .
But those are very cut - and - dry , for - profit affairs .
They are n’t very interesting .
I ’m gonna focus on a particular type of kidnapping we here call the “ levanton . ”
In English it translates to “ pick up . ”
It comes from the slang narcos use when referring to the kidnapping of a rival to , um , “ disappear ” him ( sometimes her ) without seeking a ransom .
Unlike those who are ransomed , los levantados know that there is no negotiation and that they will surely be tortured , mutilated and killed .
This type of kidnapping is not only about the money , it ’s about the ethics and justice .
So how do the narcos go about kidnapping their “ marks ” ?
They are actually very thorough about their job , very professional .
It ’s kinda like in the movies .
They will follow him for a few weeks , have all his routines staked out and then strike when they have concluded at what moment the mark is at his most defenseless .
Here are the stages :
UNO .
First comes the visual ID - ing of the victim by various hired helpers , who go unnoticed most of the time and serve their purpose by pointing out the target in a crowd .
This is usually done at public places : strip - clubs , gyms , parties — you name it , they have someone watching .
Even the clown at your little kids party could be in on it .
Next comes the intel gathering , where the details of the home residence are memorized .
They check out the living style of the inhabitants and calculate his potential net worth .
DOS .
The helpers transfer this information to their superiors , who then dedicate the next few weeks to following and studying their victims , their routines and schedules .
Finally , the time and place to strike is chosen .
TRES .
The kidnapping is always fast and violent .
It usually take place on the street and a minimum of three cars are involved .
The main carrier SUV does the actual levanton , or “ pick up . ”
The other two provide backup and clear the escape routes .
Usually aided , sometimes even escorted , by the police , the narcos take the mark to one of their many safe houses .
CUATRO .
Here comes the fun part : torture and interrogation , and torture again and again as much as necessary .
If you are not shaken by being beaten up in the head with assorted rifle butts , pistol - whipped and generally used as a punching bag by sadistic fuckers , you get the tablazo treatment .
It comes from the word “ tabla , ” or “ board . ”
The kidnappers usually have this specially crafted wooden board , a two - by - four with a handle for grip and holes drilled into the main body for less wind resistance .
They drop your trousers , bend you over and hit you continuously with the wooden board till your ass turns to purple mush and you are left looking like some diseased red-assed baboon .
( The cops here like to use the tablazo , too . )
CINCO .
Here happens one of two things : either the marks are killed or set free .
The outcome depends on the mark ’s occupation or the success of the negotiations .
If the ransom has been paid , you ’re free to go .
But if you ’re working for the rival cartels , wave bye bye and look into the camera .
You ’ll see a bright white light and if you ’re lucky , Our Lady of Guadalupe .
This thing happens a lot ( and I ’m not talking about the Holy Virgin ) , especially now that the government has been trying to crack down on the cartels .
The kidnappings are used to settle a score or to recoup lost revenue .
That ’s because if a shipment is intercepted , everyone associated with it becomes a suspected informant and a lot of heads roll , evidence or no evidence .
Thank you , Presidente Calderon .
Asshole .
According to some statistics , 90 % of all kidnappings go unreported .
I do n’t know how accurate this is , but I can tell you that in Monterrey we used to have like ten levantons a day , all of which never made it to the police .
Almost every levanton is linked to organized crime , but not every victim is related to the trade .
Some were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time … hanging with the wrong company .
See , you should ’ve listened to mom and dad when they told you not to play with Chuy .
And yes , I ’ve had some of these things happen to people around me .
Around here , everybody does .
I ’ve had people close to me who where kidnapped and came back , and have others that did n’t .
Just last week I was out for a drink with a friend of mine , let ’s call him Ce , who was kidnapped not so long ago and held for 22 days .
Three weeks and a day !
The whole time , he was n’t allowed to eat , he was handcuffed 24/7 , stabbed in the leg , beaten in the face with the butt of a gun and — get this — in the end , they realized they got the wrong guy .
But that did n’t seem to matter much .
We were out cruising around Monterrey on a Saturday night , sipping piña coladas at a place excellent for chasing rivos and weed .
We were talking about the the local drug scene , about how los zetas own the night , successfully controlling drug sales inside clubs , bars , strip joints and street corners and , yes , tienditas too .
And after a half - dozen girly drinks , Ce opened up about his experience like he never did before .
A year had passed , I guess long enough for him to have some distance .
The levanton took place on an avenue close to his house .
He was closed off by a black SUV with tinted windows .
It crashed into the side of his car to make him pull over .
He was grabbed by heavily armed masked men who pulled him into another SUV , and his car was also taken by one of the men .
He tells me that they were questioning him like they were certain of who he was , cursing him , threatening him , asking him about rifles .
They broke his nose by continuously hitting him with the butt of an AR - 15 .
Then he said he felt his leg get suddenly hot .
I guess that ’s what if feels like to be stabbed with a huge hunting knife .
The interrogations happened at some safe house and lasted a few days .
He was continuously beaten with the tablazos I mentioned earlier , and also with bottles and other objects he could n’t readily identify .
He tells me he was kept hooded the whole time he was in captivity , and was never fed .
Being week from starvation held a purpose , he says .
It made kidnappees like him easier to handle when taking them to the bathroom or moving them around .
One day they grabbed him and put him into a truck .
When he heard them say they were taking him to a police station for identification , he suddenly felt relief .
After arriving at the parking lot , a narc detective got into the back seat with him and started asking him some questions to verify his identity , all the while slapping him upside the head .
After a while , the cop confirmed that Ce was not the one they were looking for .
But there was a catch .
It seems Ce has an “ interesting ” criminal record linked to some drug dudes his kidnappers did n’t really like , so they decided to keep him and maybe get a ransom .
They put in all that work , so why not get paid for it ?
After the police station , he was taken back to another safe house .
He told me that everyone else kidnapped inside along with him lasted only from 5 to 10 days before they keeled over .
They kept him for 22 days .
When he arrived at the new house , his new hosts received him with a brutal beating .
But the beatings stopped mattering that much .
Ce said that being beaten was the only way he’d be able to fall asleep .
Sometimes , he even asked his handlers to knock him out in order to get some shuteye .
At some point near the end of his stay , he was given a NexTel radio and listened to someone threaten to kill him if he reported anything .
That was his final warning .
After that , he was told that his bro paid the ransom .
Ce was a free man , and while he waited for a drop - off car to pick him up , he played Xbox with the dudes who were beating him senseless just a few hours before ( it was four - player FIFA soccer if you ’re curious ) .
“ Hey vato , it ’s just beeezness . ”
Maybe that ’s what the Iraqis needed to calm them down in Abu Ghraib .
There ’s another weird success story that happened to another guy I barely know , a fat guy , a friend of a friend .
He actually managed to escape .
( Remember , the success stories are the only ones you can tell .
Dissolved corpses do n’t talk . )
This guy was kept in a safe house by some zetas close to where I live .
Being zetas , they beat him up , never fed him and performed the usual fucked - up things we all have come to expect from these upstanding citizens of the narco trade .
As kidnapping stories go , this one was pretty common , yet there was a small , but riveting twist .
A few day before he fled , the zetas wanted to feed him some raw meat .
After serving him , they informed him that the hunk of meat was just sliced off his friend .
He protested .
But they insisted : “ Sure it ’s your buddy , but you should eat it just the same .
We ’re gonna kill you anyway . ”
That ’s when his survival instinct started kicking in .
He started memorizing the routines and schedules of everyone working in the house .
He waited for his opportunity and when the only vato in the house at that moment fell asleep , he got up and — god knows how he managed to — opened the door and fled to safety with the help of a taxi .
Just picture that for a second …
A bloodied naked man with a huge beer - belly hanging out , obvious signs of torture , electrical tape , bruises and cuts all over his face , head and body , hand - cuffed … running out onto a dusty road trying to catch a taxi .
You do n’t need Hollywood movies out here .
We get this shit everyday , and it usually does not have a happy Hollywood ending .
But this guy did .
He ’s one lucky motherfucker .
Pancho Montana is an eXiled Special Mexican War on Drugs Correspondent .
As a native of Monterrey , Nuevo Leon , located in northern Mexico , Mr. Montana lives in Gulf Cartel territory .
That means the streets belong to the Zetas , a paramilitary organization trained by the Yankees and hired by the Gulf Cartel to keep things civilized and business booming .
His first dispatch was about neighborhood drug stores called “ tienditas . ”
They ’re sort of like your local Rite Aid , but they do n’t carry any Tylenol .
As some of you probably know by my previous posts , I 'm fascinated by trees .
There 's something really soothing and calming about them to me .
Here is a a selection of 12 beautiful infrared trees .
Some of these images have undergone heavy post - processing , and all of these examples display the names of the photographers , along with links to their websites .
In infrared photography , the film or image sensor used is sensitive to infrared light .
Because everyday objects reflect infrared in proportions that differ sharply from that of visible light , the tonal relationships are wildly unexpected .
Such near - infrared techniques used in photography give subjects an exotic , antique look .
Green vegetation becomes white , whereas human skin becomes pale and ghostly .
Roie Galitz ( top ) , MichiLauke ( above 2 )
mutrus
snailfan-man
Steve Castle
Cavagna Ottavio
Bruna Marchioro
WrappedUpInBooks
Scott Pruett
Musin Yohan
Mark Bond
Data centers are noisy places .
Sometimes you have to raise your voice to be heard .
But you should n't shout right next to a rack of equipment , as illustrated by Brendan Gregg of Sun Microsystems .
Brendan used analytics software developed by Sun's Fishworks team to demonstrate that shouting next to working racks can cause significant disk latency .
In this example , Brendan screams into a rack housing JBODs ( Just A Bunch of Disks ) , producing an immediate pop in input / output latency .
The increase is caused by disk vibration resulting from the nearby noise .
While the example is extreme , it 's worth considering the next time you 're trying to make yourself heard in the data center .
This video is 2 minutes in length .
Brendan shares more data on his blog .
For more news from Sun Microsystems , check out our Sun Channel .
For additional video , check out our DCK video archive and the Data Center Videos channel on YouTube .
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - For millennia , Australia ’s rugged southern coast has been carved by the relentless action of waves crashing ashore .
The Carnegie Corp 's CETO 's pumps and buoys working underwater off the coast of Western Australia in this undated handout photograph from 2008 .
The rise and fall of passing waves drives the pumps , generating water pressure that drives turbines onshore .
The company hopes to power towns and cities using this method in the future .
REUTERS / Carnegie Corp / Handout
The same wave energy could soon be harnessed to power towns and cities and trim Australia ’s carbon emissions .
“ Waves are already concentrated solar energy , ” says Michael Ottaviano , who leads a Western Australian firm developing a method to turn wave power into electricity .
“ The earth has been heated by the Sun , creating wind , which created the swells , ” he told Reuters from Perth , saying wave power had the potential to supply all of Australia ’s needs many times over .
Ottaviano heads Carnegie Corp , which has developed a method of using energy captured from passing waves to generate high - pressure sea water .
This is piped onshore to drive a turbine and to create desalinated water .
A series of large buoys are tethered to piston pumps anchored in waters 15 to 50 meters deep ( 49 to 131 feet ) .
The rise and fall of passing waves drives the pumps , generating water pressures of up to 1,000 pounds per square inch ( psi ) .
This drives the turbine onshore and forces the water through a membrane that strips out the salt , creating fresh water in a process that normally requires a lot of electricity .
The CETO ( named after a mythical Greek sea creature ) pumps and buoys are located under water , differing from some other wave power methods , for example , those that sit on the surface .
The CETO concept was invented in the 1970s by a Western Australian businessman Alan Burns and initial development began in 1999 , followed by completion of a working prototype by 2005 .
Ottaviano says the company , which works in partnership with British - based wind farm developer Renewable Energy Holdings and French utility EDF , is in the process of selecting a site for its first commercial demonstration plant in Australia .
The 50 megawatt plant , enough to power a large town , would cost between A$ 300 million to A$ 400 million ( $ 193 million to $ 257 million ) and cover about 5 hectares ( 12.5 acres ) of seabed .
Funding could be raised from existing or new shareholders , he believed .
DROP IN THE OCEAN
Several sites in Western Australia , including Albany in the south and Garden Island off Perth , looked promising .
“ There ’s significant interest in these sorts of projects , even in the current financial environment , ” he added .
And a 50 MW plant was just a drop in the ocean .
He pointed to a study commissioned by the company that said wave power had the potential to generate up to 500,000 MW of electricity along the southern half of Australia ’s coast at depths greater than 50 meters ( 165 feet ) .
At shallower depths , the potential was 170,000 MW , or about four times Australia ’s installed power generation capacity .
Interest in renewable energy in Australia and elsewhere is being driven by government policies that enshrine clean energy production targets as well as state - backed funding programs for emerging clean - tech companies .
“ Australia is going to be one of those markets because of what the government is doing to drive investment in this sector .
For starters , there ’s quite a bit of direct government funding for projects like this , ” he said .
The federal government has also set a renewable energy target of 20 percent by 2020 , which is expected to drive billions of dollars worth of investment in Australia over the next decade , with much of it going into wind farms .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
A second company , BioPower Systems , is developing underwater wave and tidal power systems and expects to complete pilot projects off northern Tasmania this year .
The company ’s bioWAVE system is anchored to the sea bed and generates electricity through the movement of buoyant blades as waves pass , in a swaying motion similar to the way sea plants , such as kelp , move .
Tidal power , in which electricity is generated by turbines spinning to the ebb and flow of tides , has not taken off in Australia , partly because of cost , but is expected to be a big provider of green power in Britain in coming years .
Last week , Britain announced five possible projects to generate power from a large tidal area in south - west England .
The largest of the projects could generate 8,600 MW and cost 21 billion pounds ( $ 29 billion ) .
CONSTANT
Ottaviano believes wave power is one of the few green technologies that can provide steady , or baseload power .
Wind and solar photovoltaic panels can only operate at 25 to 30 percent efficiencies because neither the wind nor the sun are permanently available .
Government policies should promote the development of technologies that delivered large - scale , high - availability clean power competitively , he said .
“ If you look from an outcome point of view and leave it up to the market to work out how that is going to be achieved , it comes down to geothermal certainly being one of the potential technologies because ( of ) its high availability and also potentially cost - competitive and harnessable at large scale , ” Ottaviano said .
Australia has large geothermal potential in remote central and northern areas .
“ Wave is another logical one because it is high availability .
It is 90 to 100 percent available in most sites around southern Australia . ”
“ You could power the country 10 times over . ”
( A$ 1 = 64.5 U.S. cents )
Mozzie Oct 26 , 2007
I know someone who worked on a film with Busey ; he was a hellish monster .
One a particular day near the end of his scenes he wasted several hours watching a football game and refused to get out of his trailer .
When he finally got out the director flipped his poo poo , chewed Busey out in front of the whole crew for wasting there time and had him apologise to everyone on set .
The director then told Busey to go back to his trailer and that his scene was simply going to be cut and that his contract was completed .
After Busey walked out of the set the producer came down and fired the director on the spot .
Due to some unrelated drama with pay the most of the camera crew walked off the next day , so the story ends there .
Lesson of the story : Busey always gets his .
Government Tax Foreclosure Houses Provide Valuable Investment Opportunities
Category Rss Feed - http://www.realestateproarticles.com/rss.php?rss=265
By : Julie Thompson
The present real estate market offers valuable investment opportunities for many people looking for a good deal and strong return on investment .
Government tax foreclosure houses are available in abundance , and when there is an abundance of any commodity , it is generally true that reduced prices can be found .
Government tax foreclosure houses are properties that have been foreclosed upon by the government for failure to pay taxes .
The government has the right to attach liens to a property deed in order to recoup outstanding taxes .
It is also important to take note of a few important facts when considering investing in government tax foreclosure houses .
This kind of real estate investment is not only open to the experienced real estate investor , even first time home owners and first time investors who want to make a good return on their investment are venturing into this market .
The point of taking this route is to obtain more value for money .
Bear in mind that not all government tax foreclosure houses are a good investment .
You have to take a look at the value of similar properties in the same area to assess if the house is worth the asking price .
It is also important to note if the neighborhood is a good one , are there schools nearby , are the neighbors friendly and is there any future growth likely to happen .
The financial condition of Government tax foreclosure houses also has to be understood .
It is vital for the investor to determine if all liens have been cleared from the deed , or if there are still liens and other costs attached .
Generally speaking though , if the property has already been purchased on auction by the lender or government , the title is cleared and the house id ready to go .
But check this anyway !
Make use of a reliable listing service to search for properties that meet your investment criteria .
The investor needs to determine a budget and stick to this , they also need to determine what they are looking for in terms of size and type of property .
A reliable listing service will help a great deal to ensure the investor is not looking at Government tax foreclosure houses that are out of his budget and do not meet any of his other requirements .
This is a waste of valuable time .
Make sure that you have the funds available before looking for foreclosure properties .
The investor never knows when the right one will come up and has to be prepared or it will be snatched out from under him .
Research lenders who are prepared to loan funds to qualified applicants for the purchase of government tax foreclosure houses .
It might be wise to join an investors club , these are many and dealing with people who have a wealth of experience in this field can assist the inexperienced investor immensely .
There are many investors who are already making good profits in this business and investing in their business is also a good way to make profits without going to the trouble of buying and selling foreclosed real estate .
Search foreclosures by state or get more information on foreclosure houses at ForeclosureRepos.com
Etta James Disses Beyonce ( Audio )
, queen of blues , soul , R&B , rock and roll , gospel and jazz , has apparently been doing a slow burn sincesang her 1960 hit song At Last whileand Michelle danced at their first of many inaugural balls on January 20 , 2009 .
We 've got video of Beyonce singing At Last for the first couple , much to the delight of the huge crowd at the Neighborhood Ball .
James unleashed some interesting comments during a concert appearance in Seattle last week that strongly suggests she 's not at all happy about the way Beyonce has taken over her song .
One might surmise that she would like to have been the woman crooning to the first couple .
The women have other ties that may have caused Etta to build up some resentment .
Beyonce starred as Etta James in the December 2008 movie Cadillac Records .
The two made a promotional appearance together at the premiere and apparently did n't come away as fast friends .
James told her Seattle audience that she can't stand Beyonce .
She then went on to thrash Barack Obama as well .
Check out the audio of Etta dissing it up for the crowd .
Ear Trainer About Links Home
For a musician ear training is one of the most important tasks .
Good Ear helps you to develop good ears .
It works within your browser .
Last Changes : nothing special
Comments are welcome .
Feel free to send me a mail .
Good Ear is a free service .
Some support can help to pay the hosting and keep this site up :
It was 9.10 pm and Karen Abramian was returning home to his flat in southwest Moscow .
Abramian had been visiting his parents in a nearby tower block .
His journey back took five minutes - past a series of grey high - rise buildings soaring into Moscow 's packed skyline and a children 's playground , and up a modest flight of steps .
As he punched in the entrance code , two young men , one wearing a baseball cap and one a bandana , approached him from behind .
And then they stabbed him .
They stabbed him again - methodically slashing his head , neck , back and stomach .
Abramian pleaded with his attackers .
" Do n't do this .
Please take my money , " he begged them .
His assailants - two slight , boyish , almost nerdish figures - ignored him , stabbing him 56 times .
At this moment , Abramian 's wife Marta peered out of their ninth - floor apartment window and spotted two boys beating a dark shape lying on the ground .
The couple 's 14 - year - old son Georgy , who had been playing nearby , found his father in the entrance , bleeding profusely .
Georgy took off his T - shirt ( it was April , still winter in Russia , and bitterly cold ) , wrapped it around his father and ran upstairs .
Abramian was conscious when Georgy came back with a blanket and pillow .
Georgy wrapped his father in it and they waited in the gloom for an ambulance .
Abramian told his son simply : " They were skinheads . "
Four hours later , in the early hours of 17 April 2007 , Abramian was dead .
Doctors had been unable to stem the colossal loss of blood .
The names of Abramian 's killers are Artur Ryno and Pavel Skachevsky , both 17 .
Their motive for murdering Abramian , the 46 - year - old boss of a Moscow insurance company , was ideological .
As they saw it , Abramian 's violent death was part of a national liberation movement - an ambitious , quasi-mystical struggle to get rid of Russia 's foreigners , in which they played the role of hero - warriors .
The boys had picked Abramian because he was an ethnic Armenian .
But his murder was an act of random racist violence : Ryno and Skachevsky spotted him on the street and decided impulsively to kill him .
They were apprehended by a neighbour who witnessed the attack and ran after them .
They insouciantly escaped on the number 26 tram , but the neighbour , a former investigator , flagged down a passing police Lada and gave chase .
Police officers halted the tram and arrested both boys .
Ryno and Skachevsky had turned their blood - soaked overcoats inside out ; their victim , however , had managed to grab one of them by the arm , leaving behind a bloody print .
They made no attempt to disguise their crime ; on the contrary , they were proud of it .
In their rucksack , detectives discovered 10in knives .
In custody , investigators asked Ryno and Skachevsky whether they had committed other murders .
To their surprise , the teenagers said they had .
In a period of nine months , from August 2006 to April 2007 , when they stabbed Abramian , they had killed 20 people and attacked at least 12 others , who had survived .
Initially , the police were highly sceptical , assuming that the boys were delusional .
Gradually , however , investigators began to confirm Ryno and Skachevsky 's fantastic claims .
Prosecutors established that the diminutive pair had indeed killed 20 people .
Ryno and Skachevsky are among the worst mass murderers in Russia 's modern history .
Three hours before Abramian 's murder the pair stabbed to death Kyril Sadikov , a Tajik .
They ate some food , then set off in search of their next victim .
The 45 - page court indictment against them shows a disturbing pattern , with the skinheads lying in wait next to different suburban metro stations and stabbing their victims 15 to 60 times .
The victims had one thing in common : they were n't Slavs .
Most were guest workers toiling in Moscow 's building industry or as cleaners in the capital 's communal courtyards and urban parks .
Nobody knows how many low - wage gastarbeiter are currently resident in Moscow , a teeming metropolis of 12 million people - estimates range from 200,000 to 2 million .
Typically , Ryno and Skachevsky 's targets had fled poverty and the impoverished former Soviet republics of Central Asia - Tajikistan , Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan .
Others were from China .
A few were " of Caucasian appearance " , as the charge sheet puts it , from Russia 's troubled southern provinces of Chechnya or Dagestan .
Like all warriors involved in a holy war , as they perceived it , the boys sometimes made mistakes : several of their dark - skinned victims were actually ethnic Russians .
One murder sticks out .
On 9 April 2007 , it was the turn of S Azimov , an Uzbek student .
The skinheads ambushed Azimov outside his flat in Moscow 's northwest suburb of Voikovskaya .
Azimov lived on Zoe and Alexander Kosmodimiyansky Street - named after two Soviet partisans .
Moscow 's British school is a short walk away , down a busy boulevard ; middle - class parents in orange Range Rovers whizz past .
Voikovskaya is a blandly anonymous suburb , the kind of place where nothing really happens .
The skinheads stabbed Azimov 56 times .
As he lay on the ground , his life ebbing away , they cut off his left ear .
Alexander Verkhovsky describes Ryno and Skachevsky 's killing spree as " very unusual " .
Verkhovsky is an eloquent , English - speaking Russian with shoulder - length black hair and a 70s - style suede jacket .
He is an expert on xenophobic violence and the director of Sova , a Moscow information centre that logs hate crime .
We meet in a Moscow café a few days before Ryno and Skachevsky 's five - month trial for murder is due to end .
Just round the corner , around 300 neo -Nazi activists are holding a rally beneath a statue of the Russian playwright Alexandr Griboyedov .
( Griboyedov is a sort of early skinhead martyr .
The author of the verse comedy Woe from Wit , he was stabbed to death in 1829 by a Persian mob . )
The skinheads wave black , yellow and white flags ; a few clamber on the statue and launch Hitler salutes , shouting : " Russia for Russians " .
I later discover that most Russian skinheads revere the Führer , believing that his only mistake was to attack Russia .
The average age here is about 15 or 16 ; the style is baseball caps , Burberry scarves and Lonsdale - the uniform of the British far - right .
One skinhead even has a Union Flag jacket .
There are several girls .
The skinheads adhere to two ultra-nationalist groups - the Movement Against Illegal Immigration and the Slavic Union .
A stall shows a photo of 15 - year - old Anna Beshnova - a pretty , blonde Russian schoolgirl raped and then murdered in October 2008 by an Uzbek city maintenance worker .
Her death has ignited racial tensions across the city 's already flammable lower - middle - class suburbs and inspired several revenge attacks .
According to Verkhovsky , the phenomenon of racist violence in Russia is n't new .
What makes Ryno and Skachevsky 's case remarkable , he says , is the prolific scale of their murder spree .
The fact that the police solved their crimes has nothing to do with their investigative skills , he says , but is down to the teenagers confessing : " This is n't an example of good investigation . "
Xenophobic prejudice is widespread in Russia , Verkhovsky says .
" More than 50 % support the idea that ethnic Russians should have privileges over other ethnic groups , " he says .
" More than 50 % believe that ethnic minorities should be limited or even expelled from their region . "
Under communism there was prejudice towards non-Slavs as well as Jews , despite the poly - ethnic nature of Soviet life .
In the 1990s , when many ethnic Russians returned from newly independent republics like Uzbekistan , prejudice continued .
But it is over the past eight years that racism has grown to astonishing levels , Verkhovsky says .
Russia 's second war in Chechnya and the 1999 apartment block bombings , which killed almost 300 people in four Russian cities , created this new xenophobia .
The Kremlin blamed the bombings on terrorist Chechens ; others suspect they were the work of the FSB , the former KGB .
Either way , racism in Russia is now ubiquitous .
According to Sova , 96 people were murdered in 2008 in racist or neo -Nazi attacks , with another 419 beaten or wounded .
( The number of deaths was 50 in 2004 , 47 in 2005 , 64 in 2006 and 86 in 2007 . )
Last month , another 12 people were murdered .
Sova 's research suggests that xenophobic prejudice has become mainstream , acceptable .
And while most Russians do n't support radical ideas in practice , there are around 2,000 - 3,000 young skinheads prepared to attack and kill migrants , he estimates .
Russia 's law enforcement agencies , tasked with the job of catching these boy killers , share the prejudices of Russia 's general population .
Typically , police officers ignore race attacks , or classify them with the lesser charge of hooliganism .
Verkhovsky says : " Enforcement is very weak .
These young skinheads do n't feel fear of the police , since the risk of getting caught is small . "
The bloody evidence appears to confirm his grim thesis .
A few days before our meeting , an unknown group , the Militant Organisation of Russian Nationalists , sends out a chilling email .
The group says it has murdered a 20 - year - old Tajik , stabbing him six times as he walked home from his job at a food warehouse .
They cut off his head , dumping it in a bin outside a council office in western Moscow .
The victim 's body was discovered near the village of Zhabkino , a few kilometres outside the capital .
The email includes an attachment .
It is a photograph of the young man 's head lying on a giant wooden chopping block .
The group says the murder is a protest against authority for its failure to deal with immigration or - as the killers put it - to rid Russia of its Caucasian and Central Asian " occupiers " .
Unless government officials deport " the blacks " their heads would " fly off " next , it warns .
The beheading is reminiscent of another gruesome neo -Nazi attack that surfaced last year on the internet via far - right websites .
The video - entitled " The execution of a Tajik and a Dagestani " - shows two men kneeling in an autumnal Russian forest , bound and gagged under a Nazi flag .
Masked men saw the head off one man and shoot the other .
Russian investigators initially dismissed the video as a hoax .
Later , however , it emerged it was genuine .
A man recognised the Dagestani victim as his missing brother ; he had vanished in Moscow several months earlier .
During the same week in December 2008 , unknown assailants in the southern city of Volgograd casually knifed a black American teenager .
Stanley Robinson , 18 , from Providence , Rhode Island , had been in Russia on a school exchange .
The attack left him critically injured and he was flown out of Russia to Finland for emergency surgery .
Back in south Moscow , suspected skinheads stabbed an 18 - year - old Kazakh student , Yerlan Aitymov , as he waited for a bus near Kaluzhskaya metro station .
Yerlan died on the way to hospital .
Artur Ryno and Pavel Skachevsky do not fit the profile of classicserial killers .
There is n't much in their upbringing to suggest they will turn into flamboyant teenage murderers .
Ryno grew up in the southern Urals city of Yekaterinburg .
His parents divorced when he was young ; his father is from Russia 's Far Eastern province of Chukotka .
( Ironically , Ryno 's own features are slightly non-Slavic . )
At school Ryno showed an aptitude for drawing ; classmates describe him as a quiet , introverted pupil who struggled to make friends .
His lawyers claim he fell under the sway of racist ideas after a Chechen schoolmate beat him up .
In 2006 Ryno moved to Moscow , where he enrolled in Moscow 's arts institute and studied icon painting .
( Several of Ryno 's icons hang in the church in Yekaterinburg , built on the spot where the Bolsheviks shot Russia 's last tsar and his family . )
In Moscow , Ryno shaved off his hair .
He met Skachevsky via an ultra-nationalist website , www.format18.ru ( the numbers 18 , of course , correspond to Adolf Hitler 's alphabetic initials ) .
The forum is popular with teenage skinheads who use it to swap videos of their racist attacks .
Skachevsky grew up in Moscow .
The son of a deputy headmistress , he was a gifted student .
Like Ryno , Skachevsky hates " blacks " - claiming that several of his friends perished in the 1999 Moscow apartment block bombings .
" I live in the house opposite Guryanova Street , and the block which the Chechens blew up , " he told friends .
At the time of the murders Skachevsky was a student at Moscow 's college for physical education .
Together , the pair formed a gang of around a dozen like - minded skinheaded killers .
They are a geeky - looking bunch - the tallest is a girl , Svetlana Avvakumova , 22 , who videoed one of the gang 's brutal attacks on a Chinese youth .
Several wear glasses .
Police got round to arresting Avvakumova in February 2008 .
The trial of the Ryno / Skachevsky gang began last July at Moscow 's city court .
Outside court , I meet Avvakumova 's mother , Yelena , who has turned up hoping to catch a glimpse of her imprisoned daughter .
Yelena is baffled at her daughter 's involvement , denying that Svetlana has anything to do with skinheads .
After her arrest , however , detectives showed her the video , which faithfully records how the gang mercilessly kick and knife a Chinese boy as he lies on the ground .
The boy is crying .
Avvakumova downloaded the film on her home computer alongside snaps taken on the monastery - lake island of Valaam during a holiday in Russia 's picturesque north .
" Svetlana was always an innocent , " Yelena says .
" As a girl she was a bit of a tomboy .
She liked football and used to watch Spartak Moscow FC . "
Intriguingly , Yelena has a strong sense of where her daughter has gone wrong .
Skinheads are something of a paradox in Russia , a country that sacrificed 25 million people in the fight against Nazi Germany and the ideas of racial supremacy .
" My father was a tank commander during the war .
He was severely injured during the battle for Königsberg ; it left him disabled .
He personally fought fascism .
Svetlana understands perfectly what fascism is .
We still have her grandfather 's medals . "
According to Yelena , attitudes changed after the collapse of the Soviet Union .
" My generation was a Soviet one .
We were internationalist .
We have Armenian relatives .
My brother even married a Japanese woman .
The problem is with this new generation .
They do n't understand the difference between nationalism and patriotism .
They confuse the two . "
Dmitry Dyomushkin is wearing a Ben Sherman T - shirt ; he 's ordered a plate of kebab and a bowl of borsch - beetroot soup .
He speaks Russian with a slight impediment , and lights a cigarette after every mouthful .
Dyomushkin is the leader of the Slavic Union , Russia 's most radical ultra-nationalist organisation .
Aged 30 , he is a veteran of Russia 's far - right scene .
We meet in a pub in Marino , a sprawling dormitory suburb in southern Moscow , full of tower blocks and at the end of Moscow 's light - green Metro line .
Both Ryno and Skachevsky were members of the Slavic Union .
( In Russian the organisation is called the Slaviyansky Sayuz , the SS . )
" I did n't know them personally , " Dyomushkin says .
" They were young guys sitting in the corner of the meetings .
They were quiet , mouse - like . "
His organisation has 1,500 members across Russia , though experts suggest the number of far - right activists is around 50,000 .
The SS fights against illegal immigration and for the rights of Russians in Russia .
Dyomushkin says he has been disappointed by the radical actions of many of his members - more than 100 of them have been arrested and several are now serving life sentences for murder .
( One of the group 's leaders , Nikola Korolev , was jailed for blowing up Cherkizovsky market in Moscow in August 2006 , killing 14 people and wounding 49 with a bomb left outside a Vietnamese café . )
" These tactics were wrong , " Dyomushkin asserts .
Dyomushkin is at his most plausible when he talks about the threat the Slavic Union now poses to Vladimir Putin .
Over the past eight years Putin has squeezed out virtually all independent political activity in Russia .
There are now only two opposition movements left , Dyomushkin argues - the far - right and the democratic liberals .
Dyomushkin is scornful of the liberals - " many of whom are Jews " - but agrees they share anti-Kremlin ideas .
But while the democrats are weak , divided and marginalised , the nationalists enjoy much broader support - including that of elements deep inside Russia 's powerful bureaucracy and law enforcement agencies .
( Both Ryno and Skachevsky had links with a former far - right deputy in Russia 's Duma , or parliament .
Officially they were working as his parliamentary researchers . )
Dyomushkin describes Putin's Russia as a " police state " , which has retained the worst aspects of the Soviet Union while getting rid of the good bits .
" It may seem a paradox , but our movement is now fighting for freedom .
It is the nationalists who are fighting for freedom of speech and assembly .
Nothing else has the strength to do this .
Everyone else is frightened , " he says .
In November 2008 , police and federal security agents broke up the Slavic Union 's annual " Russian March " , arresting 1,000 people , including Dyomushkin .
He was released after several hours in custody , however , and eventually fined a paltry 1,000 roubles ( £ 23 ) .
Russia 's authorities are clearly rattled by the rise of the far - right , whose political appeal is likely to grow as the country slithers into economic crisis .
As living standards tumble it is immigrants who will get the blame .
There is no prospect of a pro-western Orange Revolution in Russia .
But the possibility of a far - right revolt against Putin is real and growing .
The skinheads - a pimply , adolescent army of lower - middle - class racists - pose a serious threat to the Kremlin 's otherwise
vice - like grip on power .
In December 2008 , Ryno and Skachevsky were sentenced to 10 years in jail , the maximum sentence for a juvenile .
Five other members of their gang were jailed for between six and 20 years .
The jury acquitted Avvakumova and one other male gang member .
During the trial the skinheads showed no remorse , giggling frequently and even laughing at the families of their victims .
Ryno made a final speech to the jury .
In a rambling address , he explained that he committed the murders for the " tsar , country , and monarchy " .
Later he revealed that after prison he intends to embark on a new career .
He wants to be a politician .
Marta Abramian shows off a photo of her husband , taken a month before his murder .
As well as their son Georgy , the couple have two strikingly pretty dark - haired daughters , Meline and Karine , now 20 and 21 .
The photos show Karen dancing with his girls at a party ; other snaps show the family relaxing on holiday in Egypt , next to a camel ; there are black and white photos of Karen 's happy boyhood in Baku , Azerbaijan .
The couple met and courted in Baku , but in the late 80s they moved to Moscow when war erupted between Azerbaijan and Armenia .
Karen studied at Moscow University and then joined an insurance firm , rising to become its general director .
He wrote poems and composed songs .
" He was a wonderful father , a wonderful son and wonderful husband , " Marta says .
" I never thought this could happen to my husband .
We considered ourselves real citizens of Russia .
We work here .
We pay taxes .
This is our country . "
We meet in the apartment of Karen 's parents , Asya , 75 , and Georgy , 76 .
They sit together on the sofa holding their son's framed photo ; his murder outrages them still .
After an hour punctuated by phone calls from the court - the skinheads ' trial is just ending - Marta takes us to the spot where Karen was murdered .
Next to the entrance , she has planted a small fir tree ; she and the kids still live upstairs on the ninth floor .
" It 's so we can remember Daddy , " she says .
" It 's very difficult without him .
There is just an empty shape .
Nothing can fill the emptiness . " .
Granholm : GOP wants ' creative destruction ' for the auto industry David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Sunday February 22 , 2009
Print This Email This
Two struggling automobile manufacturers , General Motors and Chrysler , have asked the U.S. government for $ 21.6 billion in loans to avoid bankruptcy , promising to repay them in full once they restructure .
However , skeptics have cast the proposal as a bailout for a dying industry which is unlikely to be repaid .
" They still have n't shown a clear path to solvency , " host Chris Wallace charged on Fox News Sunday .
" Why should the taxpayers keep them on life support ? "
In response , Democratic Governor Jennifer Granholm of Michigan gestured towards Republican Governor Mark Stanford , who was seated next to her .
" My pal here from South Carolina , " she began , " who I think is a bit  I mean , you 'd have to say he 's a bit of an outlier in terms of economic theory , he 's somebody who 's more of a libertarian than the rest of us , or most folks  would say that this creative destruction would be good . "
Granholm may have been using the term " creative destruction " sarcastically , since it generally refers to the idea that innovation can create economic growth while destroying long - established monopolies , which hardly describes the current situation in the auto industry .
Granholm went on to insist passionately , " Every single country that has an auto industry is stepping forward to help that auto industry .
...
It means 3.5 million jobs .
...
Communities all across the country ... would be seeing devastation . "
Wallace then turned to both Sanford and the panel 's other Republican , Governor Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota , for help in refuting Granholm .
" You have a BMW plant in South Carolina , which I think is not asking for any federal help , " Wallace suggested to Sanford .
" So tell Governor Granholm why residents of your state do n't want to keep bailing out her companies . "
Sanford replied that the US auto companies have to kept under economic pressure to force them to make changes , leading Granholm to ask , " Do we want , in this nation , to lose the backbone of manufacturing in this country ?
Do we want to be a nation that does n't want to manufacture anything ? "
Wallace , however , quickly interrupted her to bring in Pawlenty .
" The reason that the unions and the other stakeholders have not cut a deal with the automakers , " Pawlenty asserted , " is because they believe the federal government is going to bail them out .
And so the best way to get this thing restructured , I believe , is in the bankruptcy court . "
" The unions have made enormous concessions ! " Granholm replied .
" Starting wages have taken a 50 % pay cut .
Do n't tell me that they have n't done that ! "
" How about their retiree health fund ? " Pawlenty charged .
When Granholm replied that American business is at a disadvantage because every other country provides health care , he took advantage of the opportunity to charge , " You want the government to take over the health care system ! "
" I do want our government to provide a level playing field , " Granholm concluded , as Pawlenty and Sanford laughed in unison .
This video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast Feb. 22 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
( CNET ) -- Overcoming partisan divisions , the Senate on Monday night unanimously voted to delay the digital television transition until June 12 .
U.S. broadcasters were to begin transmitting their TV signals only in digital format on February 17 .
Senate Republicans earlier this month blocked a bill to delay the national switch from analog television broadcasting to digital broadcasting , which was originally scheduled for February 17 .
The so - called DTV Delay Act , though , was brought back to the Senate floor after Democrats and Republicans in the Senate reached a compromise .
The approved bill would allow television stations to switch to digital signals before the June 12 deadline if they are ready , for the vacated spectrum to be allocated to public safety services .
The coupon program to subsidize digital converter boxes is also extended under the legislation , allowing consumers with expired coupons to apply for new ones .
Since the coupon program ran out of money , hundreds of thousands of consumers have been waiting for a coupon .
" I firmly believe that our nation is not yet ready to make this transition at this time , " said Sen.
John Rockefeller ( D - West Virginia ) , chairman of the Committee on Commerce , Science and Transportation .
" The Senate acted responsibly to give the Obama administration time to attempt to bring order to a mismanaged process . "
The House Energy and Commerce Committee is scheduled to review its own version of the digital TV delay bill Tuesday morning .
© 2009 CBS Interactive Inc .
All rights reserved .
CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc .
Used by permission .
All About Digital Televisions
By James J. McKenna Ph.D .
Edmund P. Joyce C.S.C. Chair in Anthropology
Director , Mother - Baby Behavioral Sleep Laboratory
University of Notre Dame
Author of Sleeping with Your Baby : A Parent ’s Guide to Cosleeping
Where a baby sleeps is not as simple as current medical discourse and recommendations against cosleeping in some western societies want it to be .
And there is good reason why .
I write here to explain why the pediatric recommendations on forms of cosleeping such as bedsharing will and should remain mixed .
I will also address why the majority of new parents practice intermittent bedsharing despite governmental and medical warnings against it .
Definitions are important here .
The term cosleeping refers to any situation in which a committed adult caregiver , usually the mother , sleeps within close enough proximity to her infant so that each , the mother and infant , can respond to each other ’s sensory signals and cues .
Room sharing is a form of cosleeping , always considered safe and always considered protective .
But it is not the room itself that it is protective .
It is what goes on between the mother ( or father ) and the infant that is .
Medical authorities seem to forget this fact .
This form of cosleeping is not controversial and is recommended by all .
Unfortunately , the terms cosleeping , bedsharing and a well - known dangerous form of cosleeping , couch or sofa cosleeping , are mostly used interchangeably by medical authorities , even though these terms need to be kept separate .
It is absolutely wrong to say , for example , that “ cosleeping is dangerous ” when roomsharing is a form of cosleeping and this form of cosleeping ( as at least three epidemiological studies show ) reduce an infant ’s chances of dying by one half .
Bedsharing is another form of cosleeping which can be made either safe or unsafe , but it is not intrinsically one nor the other .
Couch or sofa cosleeping is , however , intrinsically dangerous as babies can and do all too easily get pushed against the back of the couch by the adult , or flipped face down in the pillows , to suffocate .
Often news stories talk about “ another baby dying while cosleeping ” but they fail to distinguish between what type of cosleeping was involved and , worse , what specific dangerous factor might have actually been responsible for the baby dying .
A specific example is whether the infant was sleeping prone next to their parent , which is an independent risk factor for death regardless of where the infant was sleeping .
Such reports inappropriately suggest that all types of cosleeping are the same , dangerous , and all the practices around cosleeping carry the same high risks , and that no cosleeping environment can be made safe .
Nothing can be further from the truth .
This is akin to suggesting that because some parents drive drunk with their infants in their cars , unstrapped into car seats , and because some of these babies die in car accidents that nobody can drive with babies in their cars because obviously car transportation for infants is fatal .
You see the point .
One of the most important reasons why bedsharing occurs , and the reason why simple declarations against it will not eradicate it , is because sleeping next to one ’s baby is biologically appropriate , unlike placing infants prone to sleep or putting an infant in a room to sleep by itself .
This is particularly so when bedsharing is associated with breast feeding .
When done safely , mother - infant cosleeping saves infants lives and contributes to infant and maternal health and well being .
Merely having an infant sleeping in a room with a committed adult caregiver ( cosleeping ) reduces the chances of an infant dying from SIDS or from an accident by one half !
Research
In Japan where co-sleeping and breastfeeding ( in the absence of maternal smoking ) is the cultural norm , rates of the sudden infant death syndrome are the lowest in the world .
For breastfeeding mothers , bedsharing makes breastfeeding much easier to manage and practically doubles the amount of breastfeeding sessions while permitting both mothers and infants to spend more time asleep .
The increased exposure to mother ’s antibodies which comes with more frequent nighttime breastfeeding can potentially , per any given infant , reduce infant illness .
And because co-sleeping in the form of bedsharing makes breastfeeding easier for mothers , it encourages them to breastfeed for a greater number of months , according to Dr. Helen Ball ’s studies at the University of Durham , therein potentially reducing the mothers chances of breast cancer .
Indeed , the benefits of cosleeping helps explain why simply telling parents never to sleep with baby is like suggesting that nobody should eat fats and sugars since excessive fats and sugars lead to obesity and / or death from heart disease , diabetes or cancer .
Obviously , there ’s a whole lot more to the story .
As regards bedsharing , an expanded version of its function and effects on the infant ’s biology helps us to understand not only why the bedsharing debate refuses to go away , but why the overwhelming majority of parents in the United States ( over 50 % according to the most recent national survey ) now sleep in bed for part or all of the night with their babies .
That the highest rates of bedsharing worldwide occur alongside the lowest rates of infant mortality , including Sudden Infant Death Syndrome ( SIDS ) rates , is a point worth returning to .
It is an important beginning point for understanding the complexities involved in explaining why outcomes related to bedsharing ( recall , one of many types of cosleeping ) vary between being protective for some populations and dangerous for others .
It suggests that whether or not babies should bedshare and what the outcome will be may depend on who is involved , under what condition it occurs , how it is practiced , and the quality of the relationship brought to the bed to share .
This is not the answer some medical authorities are looking for , but it certainly resonates with parents , and it is substantiated by scores of studies .
Understanding Recommendations
Recently , the American Academy of Pediatrics ( AAP ) SIDS Sub -Committee for whom I served ( ad hoc ) as an expert panel member recommended that babies should sleep close to their mothers in the same room but not in the same bed .
While I celebrated this historic roomsharing recommendation , I disagreed with and worry about the ramifications of the unqualified recommendation against any and all bedsharing .
Further , I worry about the message being given unfairly ( if not immorally ) to mothers ; that is , no matter who you are , or what you do , your sleeping body is no more than an inert potential lethal weapon against which neither you nor your infant has any control .
If this were true , none of us humans would be here today to have this discussion because the only reason why we survived is because our ancestral mothers slept alongside us and breastfed us through the night !
I am not alone in thinking this way .
The Academy of Breast Feeding Medicine , the USA Breast Feeding Committee , the Breast Feeding section of the American Academy of Pediatrics , La Leche League International , UNICEF and WHO are all prestigious organizations who support bedsharing and which use the best and latest scientific information on what makes mothers and babies safe and healthy .
Clearly , there is no scientific consensus .
What we do agree on , however , is what specific “ factors ” increase the chances of SIDS in a bedsharing environment , and what kinds of circumstances increase the chances of suffocation either from someone in the bed or from the bed furniture itself .
For example , adults should not bedshare if inebriated or if desensitized by drugs , or overly exhausted , and other toddlers or children should never be in a bed with an infant .
Moreover , since having smoked during a pregnancy diminishes the capacities of infants to arouse to protect their breathing , smoking mothers should have their infants sleep alongside them on a different surface but not in the same bed .
My own physiological studies suggest that breastfeeding mother - infant pairs exhibit increased sensitivities and responses to each other while sleeping , and those sensitivities offers the infant protection from overlay .
However , if bottle feeding , infants should lie alongside the mother in a crib or bassinet , but not in the same bed .
Prone or stomach sleeping especially on soft mattresses is always dangerous for infants and so is covering their heads with blankets , or laying them near or on top of pillows .
Light blanketing is always best as is attention to any spaces or gaps in bed furniture which needs to be fixed as babies can slip into these spaces and quickly to become wedged and asphyxiate .
My recommendation is , if routinely bedsharing , to strip the bed apart from its frame , pulling the mattress and box springs to the center of the room , therein avoiding dangerous spaces or gaps into which babies can slip to be injured or die .
But , again , disagreement remains over how best to use this information .
Certain medical groups , including some members of the American Academy of Pediatrics ( though not necessarily the majority ) , argue that bedsharing should be eliminated altogether .
Others , myself included , prefer to support the practice when it can be done safely amongst breastfeeding mothers .
Some professionals believe that it can never be made safe but there is no evidence that this is true .
More importantly , parents just do n’t believe it !
Making sure that parents are in a position to make informed choices therein reflecting their own infant ’s needs , family goals , and nurturing and infant care preferences seems to me to be fundamental .
Our Biological Imperatives
My support of bedsharing when practiced safely stems from my research knowledge of how and why it occurs , what it means to mothers , and how it functions biologically .
Like human taste buds which reward us for eating what ’s overwhelmingly critical for survival i.e. fats and sugars , a consideration of human infant and parental biology and psychology reveal the existence of powerful physiological and social factors that promote maternal motivations to cosleep and explain parental needs to touch and sleep close to baby .
The low calorie composition of human breast milk ( exquisitely adjusted for the human infants ’ undeveloped gut ) requires frequent nighttime feeds , and , hence , helps explain how and why a cultural shift toward increased cosleeping behavior is underway .
Approximately 73 % of US mothers leave the hospital breast feeding and even amongst mothers who never intended to bedshare soon discover how much easier breast feeding is and how much more satisfied they feel with baby sleeping alongside often in their bed .
But it ’s not just breastfeeding that promotes bedsharing .
Infants usually have something to say about it too !
And for some reason they remain unimpressed with declarations as to how dangerous sleeping next to mother can be .
Instead , irrepressible ( ancient ) neurologically - based infant responses to maternal smells , movements and touch altogether reduce infant crying while positively regulating infant breathing , body temperature , absorption of calories , stress hormone levels , immune status , and oxygenation .
In short , and as mentioned above , cosleeping ( whether on the same surface or not ) facilitates positive clinical changes including more infant sleep and seems to make , well , babies happy .
In other words , unless practiced dangerously , sleeping next to mother is good for infants .
The reason why it occurs is because … it is supposed to .
Recall that despite dramatic cultural and technological changes in the industrialized west , human infants are still born the most neurologically immature primate of all , with only 25 % of their brain volume .
This represents a uniquely human characteristic that could only develop biologically ( indeed , is only possible ) alongside mother ’s continuous contact and proximity — as mothers body proves still to be the only environment to which the infant is truly adapted , for which even modern western technology has yet to produce a substitute .
Even here in whatever - city - USA , nothing a baby can or cannot do makes sense except in light of the mother ’s body , a biological reality apparently dismissed by those that argue against any and all bedsharing and what they call cosleeping , but which likely explains why most crib-using parents at some point feel the need to bring their babies to bed with them — findings that our mother - baby sleep laboratory here at Notre Dame has helped document scientifically .
Given a choice , it seems human babies strongly prefer their mother ’s body to solitary contact with inert cotton - lined mattresses .
In turn , mothers seem to notice and succumb to their infant ’s preferences .
There is no doubt that bedsharing should be avoided in particular circumstances and can be practiced dangerously .
While each single bedsharing death is tragic , such deaths are no more indictments about any and all bedsharing than are the three hundred thousand plus deaths or more of babies in cribs an indictment that crib sleeping is deadly and should be eliminated .
Just as unsafe cribs and unsafe ways to use cribs can be eliminated so , too , can parents be educated to minimize bedsharing risks .
Moving Beyond Judgments to Understanding
We still do not know what causes SIDS .
But fortunately the primary factors that increase risk are now widely known i.e. placing an infant prone ( face down ) for sleep , using soft mattresses , maternal smoking , overwrapping babies or blocking air movement around their faces .
In combination with bedsharing , where more vital normal defensive infant responses and may be more important to an infant ( like the ability to arouse to bat a blanket which momentarily falls to cover the infants face when its parent moves or turns ) these risks become exaggerated especially amongst unhealthy infants .
When infants die in these obviously unsafe conditions , it is here where social biases and the sheer levels of ignorance associated with actually explaining the death become apparent .
A death itself in a bedsharing environment does not automatically suggest , as many legal and medical authorities assert , that it was the bedsharing , or worse , suffocation that killed the infant .
Infants in bedsharirng environments , like babies in cribs , can still die of SIDS .
It is a shame and certainly inappropriate that , for example , the head pathologists of the state of Indiana recommends that other pathologists assume SIDS as a likely cause of death when babies die in cribs but to assume asphyxiation if a baby dies in an adult bed or has a history of “ cosleeping ” .
By assuming before any facts are known from the pathologist ’s death scene and toxicological report that any bedsharing baby was a victim of an accidental suffocation rather than from some congenital or natural cause , including SIDS unrelated to bedsharing , medical authorities not only commit a form of scientific fraud but they victimize the doomed infant ’s parents for a third time .
The first occurs when their baby dies , the second occurs when health professionals interviewed for news stories ( which commonly occurs ) imply that when a baby dies in a bed with an adult it must be due to suffocation ( or a SIDS induced by bedsharing ) .
The third time the parents are victimized is when still without any evidence medical or police authorities suggest that their baby ’s death was “ preventable , ” that their baby would still be alive if only the parents had not bedshared .
This conclusion is based not on the facts of the tragedy but on unfair and fallacious stereotypes about bedsharing .
Indeed , no legitimate SIDS researcher nor forensic pathologist should render a judgment that a baby was suffocated without an extensive toxiological report and death scene investigation including information from the mother concerning what her thoughts are on what might or could have happened .
Whether involving cribs or adult beds , risky sleep practices leading to infant deaths are more likely to occur when parents lack access to safety information , or if they are judged to be irresponsible should they choose to follow their own and their infants ’ biological predilections to bedshare , or if public health messages are held back on brochures and replaced by simplistic and inappropriate warnings saying “ just never do it . ”
Such recommendations misrepresent the true function and biological significance of the behaviors , and the critical extent to which dangerous practices can be modified , and they dismiss the valid reasons why people engage in the behavior in the first place .
For More Information :
A Popular Parenting Book
Sleeping with Your Baby : A Parent ’s Guide to Cosleeping by James J.McKenna ( 2007 ) .
Platypus Press .
The Arm ’s Reach Co-Sleeper – a bassinet / crib which Dr. McKenna has recommended as one way to enjoy close proximity with a baby for parents who are concerned about bed - sharing
The Scientific Perspective
McKenna , J. , Ball H. , Gettler L. , Mother - infant Cosleeping , Breastfeeding and SIDS : What Biological Anthropologists Have Learned About Normal Infant Sleep and Pediatric Sleep Medicine .
Yearbook of Physical Anthropology 50:133-161 ( 2007 )
McKenna , J. , McDade , T. , Why Babies Should Never Sleep Alone : A Review of the Co-Sleeping Controversy in Relation to SIDS , Bedsharing and Breastfeeding ( pdf ) .
Paediatric Respiratory Reviews 6:134-152 ( 2005 )
In the upcoming ( just 12 days away ! )
Killzone 2 , the ISA forces lead an assault of the planet Helghan .
But that does n’t mean the Helghast are on the defensive .
In fact , my intel tells me that the Helghast forces are en route to PlayStation Home today .
Fortunately , the Helghast wo n’t be armed with STA - 52 Light Assault Rifles ( per se ) , but with demo codes for Killzone 2 .
So if you do n’t already have access ( by pre-ordering ) , just jump into Home tonight starting at about 6 pm Pacific ( 9 pm Eastern ) and keep an eye out for the Helghast soldiers .
When you find one , work up the courage and … just ask .
If they ’ve got any left , they ’ll direct message you with the demo key .
Then you can punch that code into the PlayStation Store ( upper right corner ) , download the demo , and repay the Helghan emissary by … invading their planet .
Oh well .
Energy Secretary - designate Steven Chu is sworn in on Capitol Hill in Washington , Tuesday , Jan. 13 , 2009 , prior to testifying before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing on his nomination .
Chu vows to push nuclear power
Steven Chu said on Tuesday that he would push as the new energy secretary to help the nuclear energy and clean coal industries jump - start their contributions to battle the nation ’s energy crisis .
The Nobel Prize - winning physicist told the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee during his confirmation hearing that he’d help streamline nuclear loan guarantees that would help the industry construct several new plants to produce low - emission energy and would push the Energy Department to examine options for recycling nuclear waste .
Advertisement
“ I ’m supportive of the fact that the nuclear industry should have to be part of energy mix in this century , ” Chu said .
“ And recycling [ nuclear waste ] in the long term can be part of the solution . ”
If confirmed by the Senate , the 60 - year - old director of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory would face the daunting task of moving the country forward on renewable energy , tackling global warming and overseeing the nation ’s nuclear arsenal , senators cautioned .
Chu also solidified his position on clean coal after Sen. Byron Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) urged him to clear up controversial comments he made earlier in his career , calling coal “ my worst nightmare . ”
“ If the world continues to use coal the way it has been – I mean China , India , Russia – then it is a pretty bad dream , ” Chu said , noting that he ’d urge the Energy Department to develop clean coal solutions that could be shared with the international community .
Still , he expressed concern about how quickly carbon capture technology and other options might be available .
“ We will work very hard to bring up technologies as quickly as possible , ” he said , “ But I do think the best thing we can do is work on energy efficiency … that remains lowest - hanging fruit at this time . ”
Chu ’s previous comments on clean coal contrasted with the President - Elect Barack Obama ’s platform .
During the campaign , he had said he would push for the construction of five full - scale clean coal plants .
Obama , however , has maintained a somewhat skeptical approach to nuclear energy , noting that consideration of all possibilities is important , but he has not laid out specific plans .
The committee ’s ranking Republican , Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski , pushed Chu on whether he would support a renewed moratorium on offshore drilling .
And he suggested he knew of no plans for reinstating the moratorium .
Both Murkowski and the committee ’s chairman , Sen. Jeff Bingaman ( D - N.M. ) said both said they expected the Senate would confirm
Chu next week , putting the California in charge of a department with a nearly $ 25 billion budget .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
Modern Propaganda Techniques > Propaganda > Modern Propaganda Industrialization | Complexity | Masses | Integration | Blocs | Totalitarian | Simplification | Omnipresent |
See also
These are the characteristics of modern propaganda put forward by Jaques Ellul , who noticed the all - pervading conformist messages that we ( often unknowingly ) receive .
Industrialization Propaganda is most prevalent in industrial societies where there is significant division of labor and expertise .
In such complex environments , people not only may come up with dangerous ideas , they may also seek to persuade others to join their cause .
Industrial societies also have greater connection between more people and thus enable ideas to spread more quickly .
In more feudal environments , where there are absolute rulers and simple class systems , the complexities of propaganda are not needed .
When the peasants revolt , you simply put them back in their place .
Generally , however , they know their place and quietly stay there .
Complexity Propaganda is seldom just a simple method , such as making speeches or using posters .
It is often a complex web of communications that seeks to reach people through all media and all situations .
Disconfirming evidence or opinion can be very destructive for propagandists , so these must be removed , drowned out or discredited ( which adds further to the complexity of the propaganda effort ) .
Masses Propaganda happens in societies where people are depersonalized and forced into masses , where their sense of identity comes more from the group than from their own sense of mission or being .
Thus people belong to religious , political , work and social groups , from which they take their beliefs and values .
If the propagandist can influence the leaders and fundamentals of those groups , then they will be able to convince and convert whole slews of people in a single go .
Integration
The purpose of most modern propaganda as used by controlling organizations is not to agitate people and make them feel unhappy .
Its main goal is to integrate individuals into society through the use of such devices as peer pressure and social norms .
These rules are set by leaders , who themselves may be influence by the propagandists .
Integrationism can hence be seen as a numbing , dumbing process , where people become immured to disturbing thoughts and perturbations and are happy to live simple lives under a system control that they do not even know exists .
Blocs Global propaganda tends to fall into a limited and small number of ' blocs ' that often are aligned with particular ideologies .
Politically capitalist and communist blocs have long used internal propaganda to demonize the other .
The same thing happens through religion , and Christian and Islamic groups have fought in various ways and used much propaganda against one another for hundreds of years .
Totalitarian Propaganda messages appear from all directions and virtually everything contains some element of messages that promote conformity of appearance , thought and action .
In many modern totalitarian countries , people are the willing participants in their own containment , perhaps complaining at control , yet perceiving alternatives as worse .
Simplification
An effect that propagandists seek is to make things seem far simpler than they really are .
Good and bad are clear and polarized ( enemies and friends are always clear ) .
Social issues are simplified into limited issues ( e.g. around abortion and gun-control ) .
Public opinion is stereotyped and presented back by a media that prides itself on clarifying the issues ( and who are themselves subject to propagandist messages ) .
Omnipresent Finally , the propaganda is everywhere , from TV shows to the nightly news to shopping malls to the things you keep in your bedroom .
All aspects of everyone 's life is invaded in some way , from the fashions ( and limitations therein ) that people choose and wear to the food ( types , packaging , etc. ) that is eaten , let alone the communications via the ever - present media .
See also Authority principle , Attention principle Clifford Christian and Michael Real , Jaques Ellul 's Contribution to Critical Media Theory , Journal of Communications , Winter 1979 , pp83-93
Official teaser trailer for Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen .
With the success of the live - action film Transformers , the robots in disguise proved that there was too much action for just one film .
This sequel promises more in the epic battle between the Autobots and the Decepticons .
Greg Mankiw provides some common - sense to a debate that has lost touch with the basics in economic research and graduate education .
Tyler Cowen provides another example of how the blogosphere is allow the " debate " to move forward without time to reflect on logic and evidence .
We need to remember Steve Horwitz 's phraseology here --- " ought cannot presuppose can " and also just because " we can " , it does n't follow that " we should " .
Paul Krugman does n't like reading Hayek on monetary theory and the trade cycle , I bet he would have an even more negative reaction to reading Buchanan on
.
As with Hayek , he should be reading Buchanan .
And follow that with reading Robert Higgs , both
Crisis and Leviathan
and
Depression , War and Cold War
. Aggregate Demand management macroeconomics theory does not substitute for the logic of economics and the empirics of economic history .
Let 's raise the level of debate among professional economists in the blogosphere .
If Paul Krugman can call Barro a " bone - head " , then perhaps my depiction of him as the champion of " hackonomics " can become common parlance .
Not sure much will be advanced by either side engaged in name calling .
That , of course , goes from Brad de Long 's habit of providing a list of " right - wing nut jobs " and " ethics free Republicans . "
On the other hand , it can be fun to sneer at those you deem lesser than you and your friends .
Still do n't you think we can do better than this ?
Especially , I might add as does Cowen , that the evidence while perhaps not as strong as one might like for the skeptics is non-existent for the pro-fiscal stimulus side .
It 's 20 years since arguably the most important LP of , well , the last 20 years .
Radiohead ’s OK Computer re-invented the idea of what a guitar album should sound like .
Its track listing takes you on a very deliberate journey - not quite in the sense of a concept album , but there ’s a reason Thom Yorke spent weeks rearranging the songs on his MiniDisc player ( it was 1997 , after all ) before deciding on the right order : it ’s an album that demands to be listened to from beginning to end .
20 years on and the idea of an album is being questioned once again by Drake .
His latest LP is part mixtape , part album and , much more significantly , a playlist .
More Life is Drake bringing together a selection of songs that “ become the soundtrack to your life , ” according to an interview with Complex .
With this release he broke his own streaming record and went straight to number one .
It ’s the most successful playlist ever made .
Playlists are big business right now and one of the biggest reasons for this are music streaming sites .
Their ‘ all - you - can - eat ’ model is not just changing how we consume music , but how music is being made .
Drake 's latest release is less album , more playlist .
To make sense of the millions of tracks available , playlists are created to suit your mood , the time of day , what 's going on in the world right now .
They ’re genre based , people based and even workout based .
With playlists being such a barometer for the music landscape , then , just how are they compiled ?
We spoke to Dom Wallace , Music Editor ( UK & Ireland ) at Deezer to find out .
“ When I came into the job , I did think the mix of music - how tracks fit together - would be very important [ when compiling a playlist ] but you look at the data and do some research and it is n’t as important as you might think , ” says Wallace .
Wallace has been at Deezer for more than a year now .
Before this he was working for BBC Introducing in the UK .
Taking what he ’s learned from his radio background has helped him raise the profile of Deezer ’s playlists .
His focus is n’t on how tracks segue from one to the next but about careful track positioning , based on Deezer ’s metrics and judging a song on its popularity .
Deezer music editor Dom Wallace - playlist curator .
“ We have an awful lot of data we can use in our back office to help compile our playlists .
We have something called playlist optimisation , ” says Wallace .
“ We can use this to analyse how many streams each track gets in any given playlist , what the skip rate is - this is very important as it tells us whether a track is doing well or if it is n’t .
" Another metric we use is ' streams ' for playlists - the amount of tracks a user streams when they visit a playlist . ”
Radio friendly
When choosing songs for a playlist , there are a number of things Wallace and his team look at but relying on his radio roots has helped him perfect the playlist .
“ When I first joined , there was a lot of discussion about playlists and editorial , and you would presume that you would put all the best performing tracks at the top and work down from there .
But you do n’t program a radio show in that way so why a playlist ?
You can't put all the best performing tracks at the top and work down from there .
You have to introduce music in a more comfortable way .
Dom Wallace , Music Editor at Deezer
“ You have to introduce music in a more comfortable way .
So , with new tracks , say from Deezer Next artists [ Deezer ’s big push to promote up - and - coming artists on its service ]
I programme in a similar way you do a radio show .
You start with your big artist and track and then you have a second track to back it up with another big artist .
“ Then the third track you can introducing something new .
What you do after that is what we call ‘ padding ’ .
You go back to a famous artist , or a big track .
So if they do skip then the new track they are back to something they know and they wo n’t stop using the playlist .
“ We have seen engagement increase and people stay on the playlist a lot longer across the board with that editorial mentality . "
Deezer uses its data to perfect its playlists .
According to Wallace , each playlist has to be seen on its own merits .
“ Instant Grime wo n’t get as many streams as , say , a chart - based playlist but when people are using it our users are actively looking through the tracks you are putting on it in the background - they are really engaging with it , ” he explains .
“ That ’s why at Deezer we are judged on streams of playlists and engagement .
A mood playlists will always get the longer streams , as they are chill out , background music .
" But genre - based playlists usually are used by a very engaged audience , who know what artist and tracks they are listening to . ”
Grime and reason
It is playlists in these specific genres where things get interesting .
Take , for instance , grime .
This is a huge area for Deezer , it ’s one of the music genres the streaming service has been championing .
" Grime is a global channel that ’s not just restricted to the UK so we are giving a global reach to grime artists but we wanted to make sure that it felt authentic , ” says Sulinna Ong , VP of Artist Marketing at Deezer .
“ We are involving content creators that are n’t just from the music space from that scene .
But a photographer that took a lot of the imagery and you ’ll see on the channel the bloggers and creators from that scene pushing their favorites .
We wanted it to feel authentic and that ’s really important . ”
And it really does .
There are track choices by Hyperfrank and Alia Loren , a journalist and DJ rooted in the scene , and handpicked albums and tracks by those who have expert knowledge of grime .
But what about those who have a passing interest in grime but no real way into the music ?
That ’s where accessible genre - based playlists come in and there ’s a key way these work , according to Dom Wallace .
Deezer 's Grime channel celebrates and does n't just curate the music .
“ We have two grime playlists : Instant Grime and The Godfathers of Grime - this is an introduction to grime , ” says Wallace .
“ The top five tracks on that playlist are very important .
When you are accessing that playlist on your mobile , you initially see the first five tracks - these are the showcase of the playlist .
" So you need your Stormzys , your Skeptas your Wileys in the top five because they are the ones that get you engaged in the playlist .
Further down you can become a little more experimental . ”
Setting the record straight
Given a playlist placing can make or break an artist , there must be a significant amount of pressure on the labels to get their artists into a playlist .
Wallace acknowledges this but believes that labels are now understanding that the key is n’t getting artists ’ songs heard but heard in the right way and at the right time .
It is n’t about demanding when your track is released it goes to the top of every playlist .
You need audiences to engages with that track at the right rate .
Dom Wallace , Music Editor at Deezer
“ Record labels , streaming distributors and even managers are learning more about playlists and how to push their artists .
It is n’t about demanding when your track is released that it goes to the top of every playlist .
You need to work with all parties to make sure the audience engages with that track at the right rate .
“ You do n’t want to throw it in and put your audience off .
You ca n’t just throw any old track at the top of the playlist .
Labels are starting to realise this , so now I can sit with the head of a record label and I can say - ‘ we tried to push this track last week , it did n’t really react well so we had to take it off ’ .
“ They can then hold it back a few weeks and when we have a bit more activity - maybe some radio or TV activity - and we can go again . ”
Slim pickings
It ’s not just labels that are wising up , but artists too .
Deezer has started using established artists to curate playlists on the service .
Using artists is nothing new .
Apple Music has been using A - list musicians to host its Beats 1 shows with great success .
Deezer is hoping that it can do the same with its featured artist playlists .
Two of the biggest are from dance legends Fatboy Slim and Pete Tong .
Between them have curated around 15 hours of music , with playlists that will be updated by the DJs .
“ The whole industry has a way to go with artist - lead playlists but we ’ve set up a relationship with them as we want their playlists to be updated as regularly as we update our own ones , " says Wallace .
" You want them to be just as engaged .
Just having a list of tracks that are n’t updated works for a day or two , but you do n’t get much after that . "
Fatboy Slim and Pete Tong have created playlists for Deezer .
Wallace has a busy job on his hands .
He curates 20 to 25 playlists for the UK and Ireland , each with around 40 - 60 tracks .
“ That ’s [ the size of playlist ] audiences wanted to engage with , " says Wallace .
" I thought it would be shorter but people do engage with playlists a lot longer . ”
So , where does he get the time to forge an opinion on each song he adds to playlist ?
The short answer is , he does n’t .
And there ’s a very good reason for this : he lets the data decide .
What I think personally never comes into making a playlist .
You ca n’t let personal preference lead .
Dom Wallace , Music Editor at Deezer
“ What I think personally never comes into making a playlist .
I have to have two heads , my editorial head and my personal head .
You ca n’t let personal preference lead .
“ For each playlist , I have a specific user in mind .
I have a demographic I deal within .
You build that profile up : what radio stations they listen to , what their job is , who are their favorite artists , what gigs do they go to …
So , when I hear a song , I hear it from that person .
It ’s never me going ‘ oh , I like that song ’ .
“ The difference between a good editor and a bad editor is : a bad editor is someone who likes a song and thinks everyone should like it , while a good editor thinks of their demographic .
" I would be lying to say that it never came into it , as there may be a track that I really love and I may want to stick into a playlist when I can find it , but it always has to be the editorial first . ”
The Races of Europe by Carleton Stevens Coon
Download the entire volume as a ZIP file ( ~17 MB )
Chapter I : Introduction to the Historical Study of the White Race
(1) Statement of Aims and Proposals
(2) Theory and Principles of the Concept Race
(3) Materials and Techniques of Osteology
Chapter II : Pleistocene White Men
(1) Introducing Homo Sapiens
(2) Pleistocene Climate
(3) Sapiens Men of the Middle Pleistocene
(4) Non-Sapiens Pleistocene Fossil Men
(5) The Neanderthal Hybrids of Palestine
(6) Upper Palaeolithic Man in Europe , the Evidence as a Whole
(7) Chronological and Geographical Differentiation of the
European Aurignacian Group
(8) Upper Palaeolithic Hunters of North Africa
(9 ) Aurignacian Man in East Africa
( 10 ) The Magdalenians
( 11 ) Upper Palaeolithic Man in China
( 12 ) Summary and Conclusions
Plates accompanying Chapter II :
- Sapiens Men , from the Second Interglacial to the Post - Glacial
Mesolithic
- Neanderthal and Neanderthaloid Derivatives
- Broad -Headed Crania of Neanderthaloid Inspiration
- Mesolithic and Neolithic Crania of Mediterranean Type
Chapter III : The Mesolithic Period
(1) The Historical Setting
(2) Mesolithic Man in Africa
(3) The Natufians of Palestine
(4) The Midden - Dwellers of the Tagus
(5) Mesolithic Man in France
(6) The Ofnet Head Burials
(7) Mesolithic Man in the Crimea
(8) Palaeolithic Survivals in the Northwest
(9) Summary and Conclusions
Chapter IV : The Neolithic Invasions
(1) Introduction
(2) The Neolithic and the Mediterranean Race
(3) Iran and Iraq
(4) Civilized Men in Egypt
(5) Neolithic North Africa
(6) The Neolithic in Spain and Portugal
(7) The Eastern Source Areas : South , Central , and North
(8) The Danubian Culture Bearers
(9) The Corded or Battle - Axe People
( 10 ) The Neolithic in the British Isles
( 11 ) Western Europe and the Alpine Race
( 12 ) Neolithic Scandinavia
( 13 ) Neolithic Inhabitants of the Northern Forests
( 14 ) Conclusions
Chapter V : The Bronze Age
(1) Introduction
(2) The Bronze Age in Western Asia
(3) The Minoans
(4) The Greeks
(5) Copper and Bronze in the Western Mediterranean
(6) Basques , phoenicians , and Etruscans
(7) The Copper Age in Europe North of the Mediterranean Lands :
Danubian Movements and Bell Beakers
(8) The Bronze Age in Britain
(9) The Bronze Age in Central Europe
( 10 ) The Bronze Age in the North
( 11 ) The Bronze Age on the Eastern Plains
( 12 ) The Final Bronze Age and Cremation
( 13 ) Summary and Conclusions
Chapter VI : The Iron Age
(1) Race , Language , and European Peoples
(2) The Illyrians
(3) The Kelts
(4) The Romans
(5) The Scythians
(6) The Germanic Peoples
(7) The Slavs
(8) Conclusions
Chapter VII : The Iron Age , Part II :
Speakers of Uralic and Altaic
(1) The Finno - Ugrians
(2) The Turks and Mongols
(3) Speakers of Uralic and Altaic , and Old World Racial Origins
On the canal bridge just behind Kings Cross , a policeman took a huge snowball full in the face and - I could n't quite believe this was happening - giggled delightedly ( it must have really hurt ) .
His three colleagues gathered snowballs and pelted the mob of school boys and girls , quite sensibly avoiding head shots ( think of the lawsuits ) .
But they were outnumbered and outgunned .
And anyway , they were easy targets , these coppers in their fluorescent jackets .
And the school children , those alleged dysfunctional products of our greed - obsessed , low - serotonin , broken - homed , intolerably lardy , TV - ruined society , were in a snowy wonderland where there was no school , no rules and nothing to worry about .
I 've never seen London secondary school kids look filled to the brim with such girlish glee .
" See if you can knock his helmet off , " I yelled at one girl ( which probably made me an accessory to something but I do n't care : the delirium is infectious ) and she pitched a curve ball that would have hit had the copper not ducked .
It 's a scene one barely witnesses in London : one of innocence , albeit momentary ; of snow in a city that does n't do extremes of weather ; of hostile battle lines suspended and replaced - just for the day - by playful ones ; of gratuitous wonders that fall from the sky and blindside you .
Yesterday , London was filled with such wonders .
The headline said : - 5C and we 're all going snowhere .
Yesterday , London went on a trip to snowhere , which sounds like oblivion , but is infinitely nicer .
That sound snow makes as it packs under your boots !
The velvety swish of car tyres on untreated side streets !
That numinous glow that greets you as you open the curtains and realise that even though it 's Monday , you are quite looking forward to walking to work , especially if you can make a snowman with strangers you meet on your journey !
The way your fingers swell after throwing snowballs while wearing functionally useless woollen gloves !
( We need poets to invent names for all these things and write sonnet cycles to their joys ) .
And , above all , the snow 's silencing of the great roar of London : usually , I keep my iPod on as I walk to silence London 's racket : yesterday I did n't want to .
Every side street I strolled down yesterday offered - if this does n't sound too pretentious in a Karen Carpenter - meets - Immanuel Kant kind of way , which I know it does - an unexpectedly sublime kind of hush .
Yes , yes , I know so far this article this sounds a little like those photos of the Notting Hill carnival , with a white policeman dancing with a nice old Caribbean lady .
A deluded paean to an interlude that misses what the real London is like , with its quotidian meanness , stabbings , lonely deaths , rapes , intolerance , greed and woe .
But , just for a moment , cram your cynicism and yield , as London did yesterday , to the seduction of snow .
Other cities - Winnipeg , say , Moscow or Bergen - cope with snow , subdue it and go to work through impeccably gritted roads .
London is n't like that : it rarely copes with anything ; these days , it masters nothing .
Equipped with a loveably tragi-comic public transport system , our capital fails on a daily basis .
The poor suckers who live here get - at best - inured to this hopelessness .
Yesterday London was so hobbled by the snow that the situation was even worse than hopeless : usually six million Londoners get to work by bus ; yesterday there were no buses ; the tube was even more spectacularly unreliable than usual .
Even gnarly cyclists in all kinds of crypto-pervy winterwear were laid low ( the nameless gent who I helped back on to his bike on Mecklenburgh Square after a comic slo - mo tumble really should have left his wheels under the stairs ) .
Just for a day Londoners got hit by something special .
For a day at least , Londoners returned to a forgotten innocence .
Yesterday the headlines howled about how £ 2bn would be lost yesterday thanks to public transport disruption .
Two words : So .
What .
We 're in the middle of a credit crunch and £ 2bn is the sort of money a hedge - fund trader might find in the lining of his Armani suit .
Yesterday we stopped measuring our lives in coffee spoons , overdrafts and balance of payments deficits .
It felt good .
We needed the snow to remind us of that innocence .
We needed it to remind us of who we are .
We are not just homo - economicus , we can't be defined by the size of our negative equity , the burden of our personal debt , or numbers of en-suites .
We need something more this winter than cowering at home noting down how many times Gordon Ramsay swears on Channel 4 .
Our new year resolutions are broken , our jobs insecure , our pensions worthless , our spirits crushed by January 's post - Christmas gloom .
We needed something to lift our spirits , to give us the excuse to play to no discernible economic benefit .
And yesterday here it came , free as air , falling on to my bare head as I walked down the canal towpath .
I was doing what a human being should do now and again : stare .
A Spanish man and I watched a heron dive from the ice into water that is starless and bible black .
Would it ever resurface ?
What could it find down there to eat ?
We did what London hardly ever allows : exchanged the conspiratorial glances and then resumed the satisfyingly economically unproductive business of staring .
In London , this does n't happen often .
We trust our dour reflexive , self - poisoning moaning as a lifestyle philosophy instead .
We like it that way : strangers are strange and Britain , damn everything about it , does n't work .
Why do n't the buses run on time ?
Why are we so hopeless ?
Why can't something be done ( usually by someone else who we can blame for their shortcomings ) ?
And this chorus of self - immolation is taken up countrywide : why , non-Londoners ask , is the capital brought to a standstill by a little snow ?
Why can't you southern ponces get your act together ?
And the cry is international too : as I walk through the St Pancras Eurostar terminal , a French couple consulting the warnings about the tube , roll their eyes as one .
He said : " Typiquement anglais .
Rien ne va plus ! "
They both laugh , as if to say their Gallic expectations had been confirmed .
And so we surrendered to delight .
We found better questions to ask : how do you roll a snowman ?
Where the devil are my galoshes ?
What have you done with my sledge ?
Can one get to work by sleigh ?
Does n't Prokofiev sound lovely when it 's snowing outside ?
After leaving the canal , I walked down through virgin snow in quiet back streets nestling right next to the Eurostar train line .
A snowy bucolic idyll at the heart of the metropolis .
I looked from Camley Street through the snow to the gothic tower of St Pancras - a Caspar David Friedrich painting had suddenly leapt before my eyes .
Over on Tottenham Court Road , there was slush and crowds bustling .
Here people were shopping and barking into mobiles , like they do every day .
So I took the tube up to Hampstead .
I remember an old cartoon depicting gents with handlebar moustaches and ladies in thick bloomers tobogganing ( we do n't use this word often enough ) in Parliament Hill Fields , above the caption " Les Pistes d'Hampstead " .
I wanted to find out if these legendary pistes still exist .
A voice on the tube PA announced : " Due to adverse weather conditions [ I think she meant snow , which is not adverse to my borderline hysterical sensibility ] there will be delays on the Northern Line . "
Nobody on the platform batted an eyelid , except for one guy who said : " Delays on the Northern Line , eh. How very unusual " .
A ripple of giggles passed down the platform .
At Hampstead , the lift that took us from the stygian depths to the winter wonderland was filled with giggling students .
Everyone was jaunty , striking up conversations with strangers .
As I walked towards Hampstead Heath , I heard whoops and cheers .
The heath was like Narnia ( though with none of CS Lewis 's unwonted Christian allegorising ) .
My God , I told myself as I walked through a heavenly avenue with snow - laden branches bejewelling my steps , this is the most beautiful city in the world !
( I was delirious , high on pheromones , snow bonkers , and in need of a good slap ) .
I stand on Kite Hill , looking across the London panorama below and remember the ending of Joyce 's The Dead .
" His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling , like the descent of their last end , upon all the living and the dead . "
My soul was swooning ( there , I admit it ) yesterday as I stood and saw the snow falling , not on Joyce 's Ireland , but on dirty old London , reborn as a thing of beauty .
It was snowing from Epping Forest to Heathrow , Upminster to Uxbridge , on duke and dustman in a way that it has n't for ages and probably wo n't for a good while .
Savour it , I told myself .
A driver who rammed another car at high speed outside San Antonio last week told police that Jesus had told him to do so because the other motorist was not " driving like a Christian . "
In my experience , He is usually satisfied if you just give a lousy driver the finger , but in this case I guess that would n't have gotten the message across .
According to a news release from the county sheriff 's office , the driver told first responders that the driver of the other vehicle " was not driving like a Christian and it was Jesus ' will for him to punish the car . "
He similarly told a policeman that " God said she was n't driving right , and she needed to be taken off the road . "
The Lord does work in mysterious ways .
The man claimed he had reached 100 mph before hitting the other car with his pickup , although it does n't seem that police were able to confirm that .
The two cars did end up in the median and were heavily damaged , but the fact that neither driver was seriously injured suggests that the man might have been exaggerating .
On the other hand , it was a rear - end collision , so the effective closing speed might have been much less .
A police lieutenant had a different explanation for why there were no injuries .
" God must have been with them , " he said , " because any other time , the severity of this crash , it would have been a fatal [ crash ] . "
Well , we know God was with at least one of them , but maybe
He really was trying to help rather than holding down the gas pedal .
The man did not say what the other driver had allegedly been doing that caused him to smite her .
Link : San Antonio Express - News
Dulwich
Dulwich is a Python implementation of the Git file formats and protocols , which does not depend on Git itself .
All functionality is available in pure Python .
Optional C extensions can be built for improved performance .
Dulwich takes its name from the area in London where the friendly Mr. and Mrs .
Git once attended a cocktail party .
Testing happens on CPython 2.X where X >= 6 and on recent versions of pypy .
Releases
For newer releases , please go to the new homepage at dulwich.io .
See also the dulwich pypi page .
Documentation
License
Dulwich is currently licensed under the GNU General Public License , version 2 or later .
Source repository
Bug reports
Bug reports can be sent to the Dulwich maintainer or be filed in the project page on Launchpad
Mailing list
There is a mailing list for Dulwich users on Launchpad .
IRC Channel
There is a #dulwich IRC channel on irc.freenode.net .
Mitch was tired of traveling for work .
After logging over 80,000 miles flying between Boston and San Jose , Calif. , he hung up his frequent flyer wings and built an amazing home office .
Advertisement
After making do over the years with offices that were never just right for his needs , Mitch decided to remodel his attic into a workspace that fit .
The entire room was taken down to the studs , as seen in the picture to the right , and then rebuilt complete with new wiring , proper insulation , and a fine attention to detail .
The new office has a server closet , spacious desks to house the six ( not kidding ) monitors Mitch uses for development .
Advertisement
Check out the great diagram he created that shows off the layout of the office in an exploded - parts - diagram style :
Mitch received so many questions about his office he set up a small FAQ page to answer them all .
In response to someone suggesting , somewhat understandably , that his office was a bit over the top , he wrote :
It is .
But it 's fun .
I 'm in here 60 - 80 hours a week right now .
It 's way less depressing than long hours in a cube farm with an uncomfortable desk and phone books to boost the monitor height .
Since I work at home , I do n't get to play in a data center of prototypes systems , so I had to build my own small data center . ;-)
Seriously , after many years of programming at tables that were the wrong height , looking at small monitors , listening to loud computers , typing on vanilla cramped keyboards that hurt my shoulders , sitting in falling - apart chairs , I decided I 'd have enough .
Advertisement
Who can argue with that ?
For more great pictures of Mitch 's office , along with more detailed information about the methods he used and the hardware he 's running , make sure to check out his office FAQ , linked below .
If you have a workspace of your own to show off , throw the pictures on your Flickr account and add it to the Lifehacker Workspace Show and Tell pool .
Include some details about your setup and why it works for you , and you just might see it featured on the front page of Lifehacker .
Advertisement
Mitch Haile 's Office [ Flickr ]
Mitch Haile 's Office FAQ [ Biscade Software ]
By Martin Hutchinson
Contributing Editor
Money Morning
U.S. President Barack Obama 's speech to the joint session of Congress late Tuesday was a beautiful performance .
His language was exquisite , his delivery was superb , his rhetoric – at times – truly uplifting .
It no doubt reflects a fault in my makeup that I found it not entirely convincing – but then I 'm a math major and a former banker .
The speech – which took the place of the State of the Union address since it 's Obama 's first year in office – concentrated almost entirely on economics , and in particular on the financial and economic crisis currently facing the United States .
President Obama 's comments were least convincing when they focused on the financial aspects of the crisis .
That 's probably why he " won overwhelming … approval " on Main Street even as he failed to " wow " Wall Street , such news agencies as the Voice of America and ABC News reported .
But according to my own analysis , President Obama made three notable missteps , including an error in strategy and goal setting serious enough to nudge the U.S. economy back into a recession , should his stimulus plan and banking - rescue program create a near - term economic recovery .
Let 's look at all three of the miscues I 've identified .
Mistake No. 1
President Obama 's first mistake was one of assessment – in that he blamed the entire current situation on Wall Street .
That 's attractive , populist rhetoric , but where was the acknowledgement of the U.S. Federal Reserve 's role in the debacle , inflating the money supply 70 % faster than gross domestic product ( GDP ) for more than 13 years , so that asset bubble after asset bubble caused the incentive structures on Wall Street to go haywire ?
Where , too , was the ( admittedly subsidiary , maybe No. 3 after the feckless Fed and the greedy bankers ) role that Congress played over decades , messing up the housing market by creating unregulated irresponsible government guarantee monopolies in Fannie Mae ( FNM ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE ) , an extra excrescence that no other advanced economy has found necessary to finance housing ?
Bashing bankers is good rollicking stuff for a campaign speech , but it is less appropriate here , when the problems must actually be fixed .
This rhetoric actually obscures the reality of the current problem , and diverts attention from the still - dangerous presence of U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke , whose role in creating the disaster is in danger of being exceeded by his role in perpetuating it .
If Bernanke 's current rapid expansion of the money supply leads to violent inflation , as is likely , the crisis will indeed be prolonged for a decade , as Obama claimed was possible without government action .
Mistake No. 2
President Obama 's second inaccuracy – or misstep – on the financial side in Tuesday 's speech was in diagnosis .
Lending in the U.S. economy has not seized up .
It did seize up for about two months after the September crisis , but even by the end of the year loan growth had resumed , as figures from the major banks show .
The commercial paper market has reopened and the investment - quality bond market has run at high volumes since the beginning of January .
Only one major source of " easy money " in past lending markets has disappeared – the securitization business :
Almost nobody will now invest in securitization structures , and with good reason .
However , as my investigative analysis of the nation 's Top 12 banks last week demonstrated , most of the major U.S. banks are in better shape than we believe , and are actually making money .
Their profitability has been greatly increased by the disappearance of competition from securitization – loan margins at the healthy US Bancorp ( USB ) , for example , increased from 3.7 % to 3.9 % in the fourth quarter of 2008 , and will have increased still further now .
Other than a few huge " zombies , " most banks are now making good money the old - fashioned way , through the interest margin between borrowing and lending rates .
They will continue to do so , provided the government does n't ( as President Obama and U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner are currently readying to ) introduce artificial competition , by inventing new taxpayer - funded vehicles to make consumer loans and drive margins down .
Yes , loans need to remain available for houses , automobiles and other purchases , but there 's no reason why they should not be somewhat more expensive – to rebalance the U.S. economy , the U.S. consumer needs to save more , not borrow more .
Mistake No. 3
Given that his first mistake was in assessment , and the second was in diagnosis , it 's no surprise that his third mistake was in goal - setting :
One of the central objectives he established in his speech was a promise to pursue multiple objectives – even as he slashed the deficit in a big way .
In fact , as well as appearing to be a bit shaky in his knowledge of banking , President Obama made me question both his math , and his choice of economic objectives .
Reducing the budget deficit from 10 % of GDP , its level in 2009 , to $ 500 billion , or about 3 % of GDP by 2013 , is a hell of a task .
And quite possibly a hell of a risk , too .
That 7 % swing in the budget balance is almost double the largest four - year swing ever achieved since the end of World War II – the 3.8 % swing achieved from 1996 - 2000 .
Even during the 1990s economic cycle as a whole – a period of exceptional economic good fortune and budget thriftiness – the swing in the eight years from 1992 to 2000 was only 7.1 % of GDP .
The problem with trying to tighten fiscal policy so rapidly is the negative " stimulus " effect it would cause .
If the U.S. economy does anything in mid-2010 but zoom like a Saturn V rocket roaring off the launch pad , sucking 7 % of GDP out of government demand over so short a period is likely to abort the recovery and push the economy back into a depression .
Furthermore , Obama intends to do this without raising the taxes by one penny on anybody earning less than $ 250,000 , and while increasing the size of the armed forces , their pensions , and spending more on energy , healthcare and education .
Maybe I 'm a grouchy old skeptic , but it does n't look to me as if the math adds up .
Look , President Obama is a wonderful speaker , he really is , and he gave quite a performance in his address to Congress Tuesday night .
As a gnarled old Republican , I 'm prepared to admit he's as good as late President Ronald W. Reagan , I may even nurse a faint suspicion that he 's better than Ronald Reagan .
And do n't forget : Reagan was known as " The Great Communicator . "
But to be a great president , Barack Obama will need to pursue policies that are sufficiently middle of the road so as not to destroy the superb private sector that 's the backbone of the U.S. economy , and that are also cleverly designed to work properly .
It 's the math , the economics and the finance , not the language , the arts and the humanities , where there are still doubts .
[ Editor 's Note :
When it comes to either banking or the international financial markets , there 's no one better to hear it from than Money Morning Contributing Editor Martin Hutchinson , for he brings to the table the kind of high - level expertise that our readers have come to expect .
In February 2000 , for instance , when he was working as an advisor to the Republic of Macedonia , Hutchinson figured out how to restore the life savings of 800,000 Macedonians who had been stripped of nearly $ 1 billion by the breakup of Yugoslavia and the Kosovo War .
It was Hutchinson who penned most of Money Morning 's " Election 2008 " presidential election coverage .
At the very start of the presidential campaign , Hutchinson personally interviewed the economic advisors for candidates John McCain , Barack Obama and John Edwards , and very early on concluded that out of the entire field of presidential hopefuls , Obama and McCain would offer the best profit opportunities for investors – and correctly predicted they would be the two finalists .
Just last week , Hutchinson published an analysis on the " Top 12 U.S. banks " report .
If you missed story , which enjoyed a big response when it was published last Wednesday , please click here to access it and check it out .
The report is free of charge .
The follow - up story on that story was his analysis of Fifth Third Bancorp ( FITB ) .
The report on Fifth Third appeared last Friday .
Both reports may be well worth your time to read . ]
News and Related Story Links :
Permainan blackjack merupakan jenis permainan kartu yang memiliki cara bermain sederhana .
Fakta menarik tersimpan dalam permainan blackjack yang membuatnya makin unik .
Beberapa fakta tentang blackjack …
An algae photo bio reactor prototype was installed on the roof of the MIT ’s power station .
This excellent piece of technology will use algae to feed on the gases that are released from the smoke stacks .
It will then go on to absorb a large quantity of the pollutants it gives off .
A series of tubes are used to collect the gas from the smokestacks as the algae absorbs most of the pollution the gas is then left 80 % cleaner .
The algae are then collected and can be re-used as bio fuel .
The algae converts the dangerous carbon into completely harmless organic compound which is so safe it can even be drunk .
We know this because it is believed many of the workers from the station start their hard days with work with and energy drink made from the algae .
However this experiment does not remove the pollution that those smoke stacks give off .
It has not been removed from the world it has just been absorbed by the algae .
So basically it does not get rid of those carbon emissions .
We have to start somewhere though and this could lead to a scientific breakthrough and one day they may discover something that does get rid of those carbon emissions .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President - elect Barack Obama is likely to name Dr. Steven Chu , a physicist who runs the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , as his new Energy Secretary , three Democratic officials close to the transition told CNN .
The three officials said the announcement is expected to come next week in Chicago and that Obama will also unveil Carol Browner , former administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency in the Clinton administration , as the newly - created " climate czar " inside the White House itself .
Chu won the 1997 Nobel prize in physics and is highly respected in energy circles .
In addition to having a long history as a nuclear research facility , the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , located in Berkeley , Calif. , is one of the Energy Department 's main centers for renewable energy research .
Obama touted renewable energy in his campaign and pledged to spend $ 15 billion a year making the technologies commercially viable .
The Energy Department handles much more than renewable energy .
Most of its budget is spent maintaining the nation 's nuclear weapons stockpile , and cleaning up after decades of nuclear weapons research and testing .
The agency also handles fossil fuel and nuclear power research , runs most federal energy efficiency programs , and does a fair amount of " pure " science research in areas like physics , chemistry and biology .
Some Democrats have privately expressed concern that Chu has no political experience as he takes on the monumental task of passing a landmark energy reform bill early next year .
While Browner is seen as a shrewd inside player who could help the incoming Energy Secretary navigate Capitol Hill , Obama will face questions about how effective his team will be going up against oil companies and other special interests that do not want to change the status quo .
" Energy is going to be a huge fight , " said one Democratic official close to the transition .
" They need someone with the gravitas and force of personality to make it happen . "
Democrats in recent days have privately floated some other big names for Energy Secretary , including California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and former Secretary of State Colin Powell .
But a source close to Schwarzenegger told CNN that the governor wants to serve out the rest of his term in the Golden State .
A source close to Powell told CNN the retired general will take " no formal Cabinet role " in an Obama administration , but is leaving the door open to an informal troubleshooting role - such as Mideast envoy - if the incoming president has a specific mission that needs to be filled .
-- CNNMoney.com staff writer Steve Hargreaves contributed to this report .
“ I had my ups and downs , it was a learning experience , you name it , ” Griffey said .
“ I learned a lot about who I am . ”
Griffey decided last week that at his 39 - year - old core , he was a Mariner .
He received an attractive offer from the Atlanta Braves , which would allow him far more opportunity to see his wife and three kids who live outside Orlando , Fla. , but returning to Seattle was too tempting a bookend .
He heeded his father ’s advice : “ No team ’s going to treat you like your first . ”
Giambi ’s stints in Oakland will be less bookends than buns of an In - N - Out cheeseburger , of which he downed more than his share from 1995 through 2001 as the beloved ringleader of the raucous A’s .
Giambi drove a purple Lamborghini and longed for a boat on which , he said , “ I can light my hair on fire and do margaritas at 110 miles an hour . ”
As for the double - cheeseburgers he downed on game days , he once joked : “ The bad thing is when the guy behind the counter does n’t even ask for your order anymore .
He just knows . ”
But Giambi bolted Oakland for a gluttonous $ 120 million contract to play for the Yankees , who prefer their players as straight and true as their pinstripes .
Giambi cut his car - wash hair and played reasonably well his first two seasons , but collapsed on the field and off in 2004 .
Some light as to why came that winter when his testimony in a federal steroids investigation leaked , indicating his power came from more than those burgers .
“ You always learn most about yourself when you hit that lowest point , and I hit a low point there in New York , ” said Giambi , who publicly apologized .
“ But I worked my way out of it , battled back and wound up winning the fans back . ”
Giambi said he wanted to remain in New York for this season , but his service ended with the Yankees ’ $ 180 million purchase of slugger Mark Teixeira .
( “ That ’s what the Yankees do  I was that guy seven years ago , ” Giambi said . )
Like Griffey and Atlanta , Giambi had interest from the Tampa Bay Rays but decided to , quite literally , let his hair hang down like it used to .
HARARE , Zimbabwe ( CNN ) -- Zimbabwe 's central bank will introduce a $ 50 billion note -- enough to buy just two loaves of bread -- as a way of fighting cash shortages amid spiraling inflation .
Zimbabwe 's dollar is virtually worthless , with foreign currency now being used to purchase basic items .
The country 's acting finance minister , Patrick Chinamasa , made the announcement in a government gazette released Saturday .
Although Chinamasa did not give the date on which the $ 50 billion and new $ 20 billion notes would come into circulation , an official at the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe said the notes would be distributed to all banks by the end of Monday .
Zimbabwe is grappling with hyperinflation now officially estimated at 231 million percent , and its currency is fast losing its value .
As of Friday , one U.S. dollar was trading at around ZW $ 25 billion .
When the government issued a $ 10 billion note just three weeks ago , it bought 20 loaves of bread .
That note now can purchase less than half of one loaf .
Realizing the worthlessness of the currency , the RBZ has allowed most goods and services to be charged in foreign currency .
As a result , grocery purchases , government hospital bills , property sales , rent , vegetables and even mobile phone recharge cards are now paid for in foreign currency , as the worthless Zimbabwe dollar virtually ceases to be legal tender .
Once a regional economic model , Zimbabwe is in the throes of an economic crisis , with unemployment running at more than 80 percent and many families unable to afford a square meal .
President Robert Mugabe 's critics blame his policies for the economic meltdown , but he says the West is sabotaging his efforts .
In order to attract foreign currency , Zimbabwe 's central bank has , since September , licensed at least 1,000 shops to sell goods in foreign currency .
All mobile phone service providers are now licensed to accept foreign exchange for airtime and other services .
John Robertson , an economist in Zimbabwe , said he 's puzzled by the introduction of the $ 50 billion and $ 20 billion notes .
" I am not really sure what these notes would be for , " he said .
" No one now accepts the local currency .
It is a waste of resources to print Zimbabwe dollar notes now .
Who accepts a currency that loses value by almost 100 percent daily ? "
In August , the RBZ slashed ten zeros from the currency .
But the zeroes have bounced back with more vigor .
A power - sharing deal between Mugabe and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai signed in September , and brokered by former South African leader Thabo Mbeki , raised hopes of halting Zimbabwe 's plunge into economic destruction .
But the pact has stalled over the allocation of key cabinet ministries , with Tsvangirai accusing Mugabe of grabbing all key posts such as defense , home affairs , local government , foreign affairs and finance .
All About Zimbabwe • Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President - elect Barack Obama ’s choice to lead the Federal Communications Commission faces issues ranging from promoting wireless carrier competition to the problem - plagued shift to digital television , if approved by the U.S. Senate as expected .
Obama has selected Julius Genachowski , a technology executive and former classmate from Harvard Law School , to lead the FCC , a Democratic source said late on Monday .
Genachowski , who had been considered the front - runner for the job , was praised on Tuesday for his knowledge of technology issues gained from experience in Washington and as an investor .
“ From Wall Street ’s standpoint , it ’s hugely positive because of his extensive background in technology and funding technology companies , ” said analyst Jessica Zufolo of Medley Global Advisors , which advises investors .
“ He has a keen and sophisticated grasp on how the markets work . ”
Genachowski was chief counsel for Reed Hundt , an FCC chairman under former President Bill Clinton .
He also worked at Internet search and media company IAC / InterActiveCorp and several firms investing in technology , including Rock Creek Ventures and LaunchBox Digital .
Among the FCC ’s responsibilities are the regulation of telephone and cable companies , overseeing the concentration of radio and television station ownership , and auctioning public airwaves .
Analysts say they expect Obama ’s FCC to cast a more critical eye on the dominance of heavyweights AT&T Inc and Verizon Communications .
“ We suspect Mr. Genachowski would seek to spur and protect competition from wireless carriers ( including Sprint Nextel Corp and Deutsche Telekom AG ’s T - Mobile ) and others as a counterweight to telco / cable wired broadband dominance , ” Stifel Nicolaus analyst Rebecca Arbogast said .
Sen .
John Rockefeller , the top Democrat on the Senate ’s Commerce Committee which weigh the nomination , called Genachowski ’s resume “ brilliant . ”
Among those counting the days until Genachowski takes over is the U.S. cable industry .
Current FCC Chairman Kevin Martin , a Republican , is seen as an ardent cable industry foe who has sought to force cable companies to sell channels separately instead of requiring consumers to buy packages of programing .
Martin has not announced his plans , although he has the option to remain an FCC commissioner with far less power .
There is also a vacant Republican seat on the five - member panel .
DTV , SPECTRUM AND MORE
The FCC ’s immediate headache is ensuring a congressionally mandated shift to digital television on February 17 goes smoothly , a switch affecting some 20 million consumers .
Owners of older TV sets receiving over - the - air signals must buy a converter box , replace it with a digital TV , or subscribe to satellite or digital cable service .
The government ran out of money for coupons to subsidize converter boxes with 1.8 million people on a waiting list .
An Obama aide asked Congress to postpone the deadline but many Republicans oppose the idea .
Companies involved in the transition are split on the issue .
CTIA , a wireless industry group , said a delay may “ decrease confidence in the auction model for spectrum allocation . ”
AT&T and Verizon paid a combined $ 16 billion at an FCC auction last year to sell the spectrum used by analog television .
Verizon opposes a delay , but AT&T said it could accept a short one .
Broadcasters , on the other hand , are worried about angry consumers who will lose analog TV if the deadline remains .
Other hot topics at the FCC include an attempt by public interest groups , Google Inc and Microsoft Corp to bar Internet service providers ( ISPs ) from favoring certain traffic over others .
Comcast Corp and other ISPs , mainly big phone and cable companies that manage Internet traffic , have been accused of interfering with some file - sharing programs .
The FCC also has a controversial spectrum auction coming .
T- Mobile and wireless carriers oppose a proposal to auction off a portion of spectrum with a mandate that some of it be set aside for free Internet .
The companies say such a requirement is unrealistic and that the plan would create interference with nearby spectrum .
T - Mobile paid $ 4.2 billion for an adjacent piece of spectrum .
Consumer groups praised the nomination of Genachowski , saying he and the Obama administration would bring a new era of consumer - oriented policies .
Obama , whose savvy use of the Internet and Facebook raised millions of campaign dollars , wants broadband technology incentives included in a $ 800 billion economic stimulus package that Congress is preparing .
Genachowski sits on the boards of several technology and media related groups including the Motley Fool Inc. , a multimedia financial services company , and Common Sense Media , a consumer group that gives ratings on media and entertainment to aid child development .
Publisher 2K Games , a subsidiary of Take - Two Interactive , has announced an agreement with Universal Pictures to develop a film based on its first - person shooter BioShock , currently available for Xbox 360 and PC .
Neither company has offered a likely date for the movie 's release or details on the agreement 's terms .
Gore Verbinski , director of Disney 's Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy , is slated to direct and produce the film .
John Logan , Academy Award - nominated writer of Gladiator , The Aviator and Sweeney Todd , is currently in talks to write BioShock 's screenplay .
Developed by 2 K Boston and 2 K Australia , BioShock has sold over 2 million units worldwide since its release in August 2007 .
The game has also won several " Game of the Year " awards from organizations such as The Associated Press and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts .
Take - Two has already announced a sequel for 2009 .
Said Take - Two chairman Strauss Zelnick : " We are excited that 2 K Games ' vision for BioShock will be carried forward in a new medium .
BioShock has been hailed as one of the most highly cinematic and richly plotted titles in interactive entertainment , making it extremely well - suited to film .
In partnering with Universal and Gore Verbinski , we have assembled a team that respects the uniqueness of BioShock and will translate it into a powerful movie experience .
" Zelnick continued : " Our ability to attract a major studio and unparalleled creative team speaks volumes about the strength of our BioShock franchise .
It also demonstrates how Take - Two is delivering value based on our strategy of creating and owning our industry 's most powerful intellectual property . "
The New York Times is reporting Google will announce a free web service tomorrow called PowerMeter that 'll let users track energy consumption in their homes or business , provided there 's a means to upload the data .
That part of the equation 's gonna be up to other companies to create compatible devices , and while no manufacturing partners have been named , we 'd suspect strange bedfellow GE will probably jump aboard pretty quickly .
The service is expected to roll out in the next few months .
Ready to give the boys in Mountain View even more access to your life ?
The official site has launched .
According to the FAQ , PowerMeter is currently in closed beta .
There 's also a video about the program , which you can peep after the break .
Brooklyn Decker is thought to have been in contention with Bar Rafaeli for the Cover Girl of the 2009 Sports Illustrated .
Brooklyn Decker or as I like to call her Brooklyn " Double " Decker was photographed by Raphael Mazzucco in Canouan Island , The Grenadines .
The swimsuits are by Zimmerman , Oye Swimwear , Vitamin A by Amahlia Stevens , Red Carter , Beach Bunny Swimwear , La Perla , V del Sol , Tommy Bahama , Zo ? NYC , Delfina , Aquarelle and Elizabeth Kosich .
The bodypainting is by Dupont Paint .
Click on pictures to enlarge .
Man Living in Cave Faces Foreclosure Curt Sleeper can't refinance his cave home , so he turns to eBay .
Feb. 24 , 2009  --
You 've heard plenty of stories about foreclosures , but the latest victims of this brutal recession are about to lose their cave .
That 's right .
For nearly five years , Curt Sleeper and his family have lived in a cave .
His mortgage is about to come due and , like millions of other Americans , he can't refinance .
So now , the 17,000 - square - foot , subterranean home is being auctioned off on eBay .
Click Here for More Photos of the Cave Home
Sleeper and his wife Deborah bought the cave outside St. Louis in May 2004 for $ 160,000 .
To pay for it , they sold their old home , TV and even the DVD collection .
They made a 50 percent down payment and borrowed the other $ 80,000 from the seller .
It was a five - year loan with a single balloon payment at the end .
Click Here for the Latest Business Stories From ABC News
The Sleepers now have until May 1 to pay off the remaining $ 83,000 or sell the property .
It 's not a foreclosure sale yet , but if they can't come up with the money , they risk losing the house .
Besides the initial $ 80,000 payment , Sleeper said he spent another $ 150,000 on renovations to the cave and the surrounding 2.8 acres he owns .
The original plan was to refinance .
But Sleeper , a self - employed computer consultant , said banks struggle to appraise the cave since there are n't any comparable properties nearby or , well any comparable properties at all .
So while he might have received a loan two or three years ago , today he is in a bind .
" Right now , banks are not interested in anything odd , " Sleeper said .
Are You Looking to Buy a Home or Worried About Losing Your Home ?
Share Your Story With ABC News
He also acknowledges that he 's not perfect .
His credit score is 650 to 710 thanks to a few blemishes , including a dispute with a cell phone company .
Now he has turned to eBay .
Sleeper is asking $ 300,000 for the home but is also looking preferably for somebody to refinance his mortgage .
After all , he and his family did put five years of their lives into building the three - bedroom , two - bathroom house into the cave .
( During construction , Sleeper , his wife and their two kids lived in tents in the back of the cave and washed dishes and laundry in buckets .
Their third child , a son , was born last week in the cave . )
Cave Dwelling : Plenty of Room to Grow
The front of the cave is a finished house , but there is plenty of room for expansion in the back .
" You 're never done on a project like this , " Sleeper said .
The house sits at the front of the cave opening , getting natural light .
Behind it is a middle chamber holding the laundry room , storage and a spare bath .
Behind that is another chamber .
The home gets city power , water and sewer .
The property has at least three groundwater springs , one accessible through a cistern in the middle chamber of the cave , one that yields an average of 100 gallons a day that drips into an indoor pond in the front chamber , and one near the woods that creates a shallow pond .
During heavy rain , Sleeper said , the property gets as many as 14 waterfalls from the cliffs .
Sleeper and his family are not the first to inhabit the cave .
From 1958 to 1985 it was used as a roller - skating rink .
It also doubled during those years as a concert venue that hosted Bob Seger , Ted Nugent and Tina Turner among others , Sleeper said .
The cave is not actually a cave but , in fact , a former mine .
In the early 1900s , two brothers blasted it out of the hillside and sold the sandstone to a glassmaker .
" I personally would not support anybody living in a natural cave , " Sleeper said .
Online Interest
Since posting the listing last week , Sleeper said the response has been " overwhelming . "
His personal Web site has crashed more than once .
On Thursday , " I spent 15 hours answering questions on eBay and I just could n't keep up , " he said .
" Every time I would answer a question , three more would show up . "
He said 10,000 people are watching the auction , which ends on March 11 .
Another 70 have pre-registered to bid .
At the same time , Sleeper said he is talking with some private investors about lending him the money to stay in his home .
But he wo n't stop the auction until everything is finalized .
" The goal is not notoriety , " he added .
" The goal is either to finance or sell my house . "
The Tamil people have been fighting for independence from Sri Lanka since 1983 when an island - wide pogrom ( the most violent of several that had regularly occurred since 1956 ) convinced Tamils that they would not attain equality or security under the Sinhala - chauvinist state that has ruled Sri Lanka since independence in 1948 .
January 17 , 2009 --
The January 14 announcement by the Sri Lankan government that its forces had completed the capture of the Jaffna Peninsular , effectively bringing all of the historic Tamil nation in Sri Lanka ’s north - east under military occupation , was a grim reminder that the Israeli assault on the Gaza ghetto is not the only holocaust at the start of the new year .
Sinhala is the first language of 74 % of Sri Lankans .
Most of the remainder are Tamil - speaking .
Tamils form the majority in the north and east of the island ( Tamil Eelam ) .
While the government has declared that the group leading the armed resistance , the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , is finished as a military force , this is not the first time their demise has been announced .
However , it has undoubtedly suffered a serious setback as a result of the sustained military offensive by the Sri Lankan army .
As has been the case throughout the conflict , Tamil civilians have borne the brunt of the Sri Lankan army ’s assault .
Regardless of the fate of the LTTE , Tamil resistance is likely to continue for as long as Tamils are ruled by a militaristic , ethnically and religiously exclusive state that rejects their right to exist as a people in their own homeland .
The ideology of the Sri Lankan regime uses a mythologised history drawing from religious texts to assert that the whole of the island has been Sinhala and Buddhist by divine sanction for 2500 years — since being visited by Buddha .
While it is true that Sinhala Buddhist societies have existed in Sri Lanka for over two millenia , the Tamil presence also dates from antiquity .
While the Sinhala - chauvinist official history maintains that the Tamils were later invaders , this is not at all clear from the actual historical and archaelogical record .
What is clear is that for centuries Tamil and Sinhala kingdoms coexisted on the island .
When Portuguese traders visited the island in 1505 there was a northern Tamil kingdom and two Sinhala kingdoms .
By 1619 , the Portuguese had changed from traders to colonialists and began overthrowing the indigenous kingdoms , bringing in three centuries of European rule , which created an economy based on plantation monoculture for export and a single state covering the island .
The plantation economy and unitary state are at the centre of the current conflict .
The Sinhala - chauvinist ideology is modern , originating in the late 19th century amongst Buddhist monks who were anxious to defend their theocratic privileges from British encroachment .
In the 20th century , nationalist and socialist groups developed that were secular and multinational in character .
However , when the British granted independence in 1948 , politicians used populist appeals to Sinhala chauvinism to distract from their inability to satisfy popular expectations .
Immediately after independence , a million Tamil plantation workers lost their citizenship and right to vote .
A majority of these stateless Tamils were deported in the 1960s and ’70s .
In the lead - up to the 1956 elections , the Buddhist clergy launched a racist anti-Tamil movement that culminated in the first pogrom against Tamils .
It also proved that the clergy could swing elections and secured their position in the political elite .
Following the 1956 elections , laws were enacted making Sinhala the only official language .
This excluded most Tamils from public sector employment .
A number of Tamil political parties contested elections on a platform of equal rights .
Their inability to prevent further discrimination created sentiment for Tamil independence .
By 1980 the Tamil United Liberation Front , that called for national self - determination , had become the largest opposition party in the Sri Lankan parliament .
The 1983 pogrom , which took 3000 lives and caused 150,000 Tamils to flee abroad , became the watershed that caused a majority of Sri Lankan Tamils to support the armed struggle for independence by the LTTE , waged since the 1970s .
The Sri Lankan army ’s war against the Tamil population has involved some of the world ’s worst war crimes .
Civilians have been targetted : orphanages and hospitals have been regularly bombed .
Starvation sieges have been imposed , including after the December 26 , 2004 tsunami .
Torture , rape and random killings have been perpetrated by the military and pro-government paramilitaries .
Underpinning this war has been Western military aid and political support .
This reflects Sri Lanka ’s strategic significance , but also that the military , political and theocratic elites that rule Sri Lanka maintain Western domination of the economy that still follows the colonial export - oriented model .
The major suppliers of arms are the US and Israel .
Israel provides Kfir jets and illegal cluster munitions and the Israeli secret police , Mossad , train Sri Lankan special forces and paramilitary death squads .
As with Palestine and Lebanon , the West delegitmises resistance by branding it as terrorism .
Like Hezbollah and Hamas , the LTTE are banned as terrorist organisation in several Western countries .
In Australia , it is not technically banned , although three Tamils are currently on bail facing charges under anti-terror laws for alleged links with the LTTE .
Some of the allegations involve collecting money for tsunami relief and reconstruction in areas that were administered by the LTTE at the time .
In February 2002 , there was a cease - fire and Norwegian - sponsored peace talks .
Much of the north and east was under LTTE control , however the Sri Lankan government increasingly ignored the ceasefire , staging military incursions and arming pro-government Tamil militias that took contol of the east .
Finally , in January 2008 , the government abrogated the peace process and embarked on the reconquest of the north through brutal war with devastating consequences for the Tamil people .
Sri Lanka : Army captures Kilinochchi , editor murdered
By Chris Slee
January 17 , 2009 --
After five months of fighting , on January 2 , the Sri Lankan army finally captured the town of Kilinochchi in northern Sri Lanka .
Kilinochchi had for many years been the administrative centre for areas controlled by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , a group fighting for self - determination for Tamils living in the north and east of Sri Lanka .
The population of Kilinochchi had been evacuated to other LTTE - controlled areas before the Sri Lankan army entered the town , which had been devastated by aerial and artillery bombardment .
Since capturing Kilinochchi , the Sri Lankan army has made other territorial gains , including the capture of the Elephant Pass , which links the Jaffna peninsula to the mainland .
Most journalists see the capture of Kilinochchi as a major victory for the government .
But some disagree .
Vasantha Raja , editor of Lanka Eye , argues that the LTTE has changed its tactics : instead of trying to hold major towns such as Kilinochchi , they will carry out guerrilla attacks from the jungle .
Raja says that “ the overwhelming majority of Sri Lanka ’s army is now stretched to its limits in Tamil areas …
Thus , over 100,000 soldiers are occupying Tamil areas — primarily as garrisons concentrated mainly in tiny towns surrounded by the jungle …
The military has to provide regular supplies from the south to maintain the garrisons ; and the supply routes will constantly be under the threat of guerrilla attacks . ”
The war has had a terrible effect on the civilian population .
A statement by the Australian Federation of Tamil Associations ( AFTA ) refers to the Sri Lankan army ’s northern offensive , which began in late 2007 after a similar offensive in the east , as a “ genocidal military onslaught …
Because of the indiscriminate artillery and multi barrel shelling and aerial bombardment , more than 300,000 people were forced to flee the advancing army of occupation and become IDPs [ internally displaced people ] in their own homeland , while thousands fled across the sea to nearby India .
“ Some of the IDPs have been on the move for nearly a year now and have been living without permanent shelters , exposed to the heavy monsoon rains . ”
AFTA said it was “ shocked and dismayed by the absolute silence maintained by the international community ” about this onslaught .
It appealed for action by various countries , including the US , India and Australia , to bring about an immediate ceasefire , and to “ persuade the Sri Lankan government to enter into peace negotiations with the LTTE to find a political solution that recognises the right to self - determination of the Tamil people ” .
However , the US government has rejected the idea of negotiations with the LTTE .
A statement issued by the US embassy in Colombo welcomed the Sri Lankan army ’s capture of Kilinochchi , and said : “ We hope it will help hasten an end to the conflict … The US does not advocate that the government of Sri Lanka negotiate with the LTTE , a group designated by the United States since 1997 as a foreign terrorist organisation " .
Instead the US advocated that the Sri Lankan government talk to other Tamil groups to reach “ a political solution that Tamils … see as legitimate ” , in the hope that this would “ erode the support of the LTTE ” .
While the government is waging war on the Tamil people of the north , it is also repressing dissent in the predominantly Sinhalese south of Sri Lanka .
Lasantha Wickramatunga , the editor of the Sunday Leader , a weekly newspaper critical of the government of president Mahinda Rajapaksa , was murdered by “ unknown gunmen ” on January 8 .
This is part of a pattern of violent attacks on critics of the government .
Amnesty International said last year that at least ten media workers were killed over a two - year period , while others were abducted , detained or had disappeared .
Wickramatunga himself had been attacked several times before , and expected to be murdered .
He wrote an article to be published after his death , in which he said : “ When finally I am killed , it will be the government that kills me ” .
( Washington , D.C. )
In a major setback to medical marijuana research , the Drug Enforcement Administration has rejected the decision of Administrative Law Judge Mary Ellen Bittner and blocked a medical marijuana research project at the University of Massachusetts Amherst — a project considered vital if marijuana is ever to be an FDA - approved medicine .
The DEA ’s ruling , dated Jan. 7 , was only released today .
“ It ’s no surprise that an administration that has rejected science again and again has , as one of its final acts , blocked a critical research project , ” said Aaron Houston , director of government relations for the Marijuana Policy Project in Washington , D.C. “ With the new administration publicly committed to respecting scientific research and valuing data over dogma , this final act of desperation is n’t surprising , but the true victims are the millions of patients who might benefit . ”
Professor Lyle Craker had applied for permission to cultivate marijuana for use in medical research .
At present , marijuana for research can only be obtained through the National Institute on Drug Abuse — a government monopoly that does not exist for any other Schedule I drug .
Because NIDA ’s marijuana is of notoriously poor quality and has only been inconsistently available to researchers , scientists and advocates consider Dr. Craker ’s project essential to the advancement of medical marijuana research .
The long and difficult process of seeking approval culminated on Feb. 12 , 2007 , in a ruling by Judge Bittner that Craker should be allowed to proceed .
But such administrative law judge rulings are not binding on the DEA .
In the nearly two years since the ruling , several small , pilot studies have shown marijuana to safely and effectively relieve nerve pain that afflicts millions suffering from HIV / AIDS , multiple sclerosis and other conditions , making more advanced research — including strains custom - tailored for various conditions , which was one of the goals of Craker and his colleagues — vital .
“ Once again , science has taken a back seat to ideology in the Bush administration , with research that could benefit millions needlessly stalled , ” Houston said .
“ They can delay progress , but they cannot stop it . ”
With more than 26,000 members and 100,000 e-mail subscribers nationwide , the Marijuana Policy Project is the largest marijuana policy reform organization in the United States .
MPP believes that the best way to minimize the harm associated with marijuana is to regulate marijuana in a manner similar to alcohol .
For more information , please visit http://MarijuanaPolicy.org.
###
Bruce Mirken
Marijuana Policy Project
PO Box 77492 Capitol Hill
Washington , D.C. 20013 United States
202-215-4205 or 415-668-6403
Disclaimer : News articles on this site may contain opinions of the author , and if opinion , may not necessarily reflect the views of the site itself or the views of the owners of NewsLI.com , Long Island Media Inc. , or Long Island Exchange® .
For more information on our editorial policies please view our terms of service
It was reported last year that up to 100 potential terrorists had attempted to become postgraduate students in Britain in an attempt to use laboratories .
MUMBAI , India ( CNN ) --
The head of a small fishing community along the coast of Mumbai says he warned Indian police about terrorists smuggling powerful explosives months before gunmen entered through the harbor and launched a deadly siege against the city .
Angry demonstrators in Mumbai shout anti-Pakistan slogans on Wednesday .
more photos »
Based on information from the lone surviving gunman , six bombs were placed around Mumbai by the 10 attackers as they surged through India 's financial capital last week , killing 179 and wounding hundred more .
Two exploded in taxis in separate parts of the city during the attacks .
After the siege ended , authorities found one bomb at the Oberoi hotel and two at the Taj Mahal -- the two luxury hotels where gunmen took hostages .
On Wednesday , officials found another bomb at a train station but the timer device on the explosive was not active , said railway official K.P. Raghuvanshi .
According to Indian officials , the attackers hijacked a trawler in the Pakistani port city of Karachi -- about 575 miles ( 925 km ) north of Mumbai -- and came ashore at Mumbai in dinghies .
The fisherman , Damoda Tandel , showed CNN a letter in which he warned Indian authorities about a tip that terrorists were using the harbor to import RDX , an explosive compound commonly used in military and industrial applications .
He says police did nothing .
Police say the information Tandel gave was too vague to act upon .
Now , Tandel is angry and afraid , worried there could be more explosives planted around Mumbai -- though authorities say they believe all the bombs have been found .
Still , the fisherman says the police could have prevented the gunmen from coming ashore by securing the harbor .
Under pressure to explain the lapse of security that allowed the siege to occur , India has made clear that it believes the coordinated attacks in Mumbai originated in Pakistan .
A police official leading the investigation says the attackers spent the past three months in Pakistan carefully planning their strike on India 's financial capital .
Mumbai Joint Police Commissioner of Crime Rakesh Maria said the information comes from his interview with the suspect in custody , who police say is the lone surviving attacker .
Maria identified the suspect as Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , 21 , from Faridkot village in the Okara district of Pakistan 's Punjab province .
He is the son of Mohammed Amir Kasab , the police commissioner said .
Multiple law enforcement and intelligence sources familiar with the investigation said Kasab was put through a polygraph test and has also been interviewed by the FBI .
Maria said all 10 attackers were Pakistanis , which Pakistani officials have denied , blaming instead " stateless actors . "
The band of gunmen attacked 10 targets in Mumbai on Wednesday night , sparking three days of battles with police and troops in the heart of the city that is the hub of India 's financial and entertainment industries .
Most of the deaths occurred at the city 's top two hotels , The Oberoi and the Taj Mahal .
Maria said Kasab spend the past 18 months training at various camps run by Lashkar - e - Tayyiba -- a Pakistan - based terror group allied with al Qaeda .
Kasab told police he joined the group , known by its acronym LeT , six months before he began training .
Pakistan banned LeT in 2002 , after an attack on the Indian parliament that brought the nuclear rivals to the brink of war .
The training primarily took place in the Kashmiri city of Muzaffarabad , Maria said .
" He was told things like , ' You 'll come in through this door , then go over here , then go out through that door , ' " Maria told CNN .
" Very , very detailed explicit instructions .
The gunmen were hand - picked , but there were no examinations per se . "
All of the attackers were trained in Kashmir by former Pakistani army officers , but they apparently did not know each other .
" While in the camps they all had code names , " Maria said .
Watch claims attackers came from Pakistan »
Kasab was trained to handle small arms as well as automatic weapons , the police commissioner said .
He also received " explosives training , survival training , ( and ) nautical training . "
During the last three months of the training , which focused on the Mumbai strike , Kasab was " shown photographs of the locations he was to target , " including one of the city 's main railway stations and a hospital .
Police have identified Kasab as the clean - shaven young man photographed in a black T - shirt carrying an assault rifle during the attack on Mumbai's Victoria Terminus train station , also known as Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus ( CST ) .
Maria said Kasab joined LeT because he was poor , but he expressed surprise at how easily he was " brainwashed " into joining the terror group .
LeT has denied any role in the attack .
The only claim of responsibility has been in an e-mail -- which Indian police say originated in Pakistan -- from a previously unknown group calling itself the Deccan Mujahedeen .
Maria said he thinks LeT used the name Deccan Mujahedeen because it operates illegally in Pakistan .
He described the 21 - year - old suspect as someone who would go unnoticed , with a criminal record in Pakistan for only petty theft .
But he said Kasab is a cold - blooded killer .
Kasab told police investigators that he shot a small boy and , because he was crying , " He shot him again , and killed him , to shut him up , " Maria said .
Kasab told the Indian investigators that the mission to strike Mumbai began on November 23 -- the Sunday before the attack -- when the attackers loaded a boat with their weapons , ammunition , and fake Indian identification documents , Maria said .
A few days later , they hijacked a Pakistani fishing vessel near Indian international waters , and used that vessel to cover most of the approximately 500 nautical miles from Lahore , Pakistan , to Mumbai , he said .
This account was confirmed by Mumbai 's police chief in a news conference on Tuesday , who also cited the suspect 's police interview .
Maria said , according to Kasab 's account , that the 10 attackers killed the captain and the crew , left them on the boat , and headed ashore in inflatable dinghies on Wednesday , the day of the attack .
Asked if Kasab 's testimony could be trusted , Maria said the suspect 's description of the captain 's body and the location of the attackers ' satellite phone and global - positioning system matched what investigators found on the boat .
" The dead captain lay in the front of the boat face down with his throat cut hands tied behind his back , " Maria said .
He also noted that the weapons used in the attack can be traced back to Pakistan .
Maria said none of the attackers were carrying their identification documents because they did not expect to return home .
Watch survivor recount Mumbai horror »
The police commissioner said the operation , as described by Kasab , was unique in its planning and execution -- not just in India , but worldwide .
He said he expects Kasab to provide more details in his ongoing interrogation by Indian police , who have 90 days to charge him .
They intend to charge Kasab with terrorism and seek the death penalty , which in India is carried out by hanging .
They expect the whole process to take a year to 18 months .
Maria said Kasab was not being tortured for answers .
All About India • Pakistan • Mumbai • Terrorism
In the Lair of the Cycle - Eaters
Programmers are losing serious amounts of productivity to hidden work every day .
It ’s time to stop that , but wait , I ’m getting ahead of myself .
In a different day and age , x86 assembler genius Michael Abrash coined the phrase Cycle Eater to describe how x86 assembly would have non-obvious slow downs .
For instance an addition that should ’ve executed in 2 cycles actually ran for an extra 6 cycles spent fetching the operands from memory .
You ’d assume you had optimal assembly when you ’d be missing that your assembly was actually kinda slow .
Had you known about your cycle eater , you could ’ve re-ordered prior operations to optimize for memory fetching , regaining the optimal 2 - cycle performance .
The phrase Cycle Eater perfectly describes much higher level problems that plagues software development .
Cycle Eaters are everywhere .
Cycle Eaters can be as simple as requiring an engineer to manually switch marketing promotions on and off .
They can also be as complex as the time , knowledge and effort it takes to set up a new local sandbox or build environment .
The fundamental problem with Cycle Eaters is that you do n't realize how often they 're wasting your time .
Ever joined a new company only to spend a week getting your build environment up and get a build that actually runs ?
That cost has to be paid for every engineer , for every machine and for every reformat , for every reinstall .
Not only does that cost add up , but the drive to avoid setting up a build environment causes cascading cycle eaters .
Countless times
I ’ve seen engineers sitting there waiting while tests run or a build compiles while their laptop goes unused for development .
They ’re avoiding the pain and headache caused by the build setup Cycle Eater .
Luckily Cycle Eaters are surprisingly easy to deal with .
When I started contributing features to TIGdb , the commit and deploy process was entirely manual .
It was easy to screw up and annoying manual work .
My first deploy was by hand .
I then resolved to never do that again .
I automated away some of the work .
My second deploy was by running a couple commands , and then a shell script to do the final deploy .
Again I automated away some of the work .
My third deploy was SSHing into the server and running a shell script .
My fourth deploy was running a local shell script .
My fifth deploy automated database migrations .
My example incrementally removed the Cycle Eater , and that ’s critically important .
I ’m not advocating that you go out and try to start a mammoth project to automate away everything that ’s slowing you down .
That would be a severe violation of the you - are n’t - going - to - need - it principle .
Process automation is an interesting thing , because once you automate away a Cycle Eater , you may find your behavior dramatically changing .
If it ’s free to deploy , you ’ll deploy more often .
If it ’s free to set up sandboxes , everyone in marketing gets one !
Here 's where something magical happens .
When you fix a Cycle Eater , you do n’t just get back the time you were losing to the Cycle Eater .
There are often unpredictable emergent properties from this type of waste reduction .
When you have free sandboxes , marketing starts using the same development tools that engineering uses .
Marketing suddenly does n’t need to pull an engineer out of flow to get promotional material deployed .
Client software build and release processes are often extremely manual , often involving “ that one guy who builds the installer . ”
Once fully automated , releases can be cut daily with minimal cost .
Daily releases result in dramatically better feedback , such as specifically which revisions caused regressions or improvements .
That knowledge feeds back into the process , causing progressively higher quality client releases .
All this from simple incremental automation .
This is n’t just my theory .
It ’s an IMVU culture of removing Cycle Eaters .
It ’s allowed an extremely aggressive policy for new hires : on the day that they start working , they will commit a fix to the website .
It ’ll probably be a typo , but it will be a real fix pushed into production and live for every customer .
On their first day .
All thanks to slaying Cycle Eaters .
So start today .
The next time you notice that your time is being eaten up by one of those little things you would n’t normally fix , think about it .
Just think about the solution to the problem , and then implement a step in that direction .
It does n’t have to be a big step and you do n’t have to know how to completely fix the Cycle Eater .
Just make a single incremental improvement .
That first step will be the hardest .
You ’ll have to force yourself to overcome your natural tendency to ignore the Cycle Eater , but the results …
I ca n’t just tell you what it ’s like to push a button and have a full deploy just happen .
It ’s a rush .
There is something fundamentally pleasing about automating away wasteful work ; you must experience it for yourself .
Go , and slay your Cycle Eaters .
Timothy Fitz
Festive goat up in flames again
Authorities in Gavle had tried to fireproof the goat A giant straw goat erected each Christmas in a northern Swedish town has been burned down - yet again .
The 13 m - high ( 43ft ) animal in Gavle has been torched 23 times since it was first erected in 1966 .
It has also been hit by a car and had its legs cut off .
The vandals are rarely caught , though in 2001 a 51 - year - old American tourist spent 18 days in jail after being convicted of setting it alight .
In 2007 , the goat managed to make it through the festive season unscathed .
Goat committee spokeswoman Anna Ostman said she was saddened to learn that this year 's unlucky creature had been set on fire early on Saturday morning .
But she said : " We have been so happy that he survived through Christmas Eve , which is the toughest period every year .
" So far this year , people from 105 countries have followed the goat via the webcams and many become really sad when they learn that he 's burned down . "
The 7 m - long ( 23ft ) , three tonne goat was originally designed to attract tourists to Gavle , which is 106 miles ( 170 km ) north of the Swedish capital .
GOAT HIGHLIGHTS 1966 :
The first goat is burned down - beginning the tradition 1970 :
It is set on fire six hours after being erected 1971 : Tired of arson , the project is abandoned .
Schoolchildren build a miniature .
It is smashed to pieces .
1976 : A car crashes into the goat 1979 :
The goat is burned down before it is finished 1987 :
The goat is treated with fireproofing - but still goes up in smoke
But in its first year it was burned down on New Year 's Eve and since then has been attacked regularly .
In 2005 , it was torched by two arsonists dressed as Father Christmas and the Gingerbread Man .
Authorities in Gavle have tried to protect the goat using fireproofing chemicals and security guards .
But just 10 of the goats , which are built in the town 's central square , have survived beyond Christmas since 1966 .
Goats have a special place in Swedish tradition .
According to folklore , they delivered festive gifts before Father Christmas took over .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This article is the first part of a 2 part series in which you will learn about the basics of stock photography , the license types , what to submit and how to make money off stock photography .
I ’ll also cover a few insider and marketing tips that will help you get accepted and simply create better stock photos .
Simply put , stock photography is a collection of photos that can be used for different purposes under strict or relatively flexible usage licenses .
Stock photos include an ever expanding variety of subjects which publishers , advertising agencies or anyone can buy and use .
1. What is Stock Photography ?
Stock photography simply works because the end user who needs photos can save time and money by not hiring a photographer .
If photographers and their portfolio websites could be considered stores then stock photography websites are the supermarkets of images and illustrations .
It ’s a win win situation for all parties involved .
Stock photography agencies get to keep a percentage of every photo sold on their website , photographers get the remaining percentage and users get the desired photo .
2. Stock or Microstock ?
There are two types of stock photography marketplaces , stock ( also called macrostock ) and microstock photography websites .
Let ’s look at the difference between these :
1. Stock photography websites are the traditional photography marketplaces where photo prices range from a few dollars and up to thousands of dollars .
2. Microstock agencies are “ the new kids on the block ” so to speak and in recent years microstock got a lot of coverage and popularity on the Internet , because photography equipment became cheaper and more professional , therefore more and more people could afford to take professional photos with consumer cameras ( digital cameras ) .
This article will focus on microstock photography to cover a larger audience of readers , from beginner to advanced photographers and designers who want to get their ‘ hands dirty ’ in stock photography .
Microstock was the answer for this niche market , where amateur and professional photos can be sold for a really low price , usually anywhere between 1 to 5 dollars .
The idea behind microstock is that if the images are cheap enough , more people will buy as opposed to selling at a higher price to a more restricted number of customers ( usually agencies with large budgets ) .
The sellers of microstock photos are usually average users .
The system allows not only professional photographers , but also beginners to create a portfolio and sell their photos .
You can make some money out of stock photography , but it ’s very hard to make a living out of it , simply because your competition consists of literally tens of millions of other photos in the same marketplace .
Let ’s do the math , say your photos are sold at roughly $ 1 per image , and you ’d need an average of $ 100,000 per year to get by , that means that you ’d need to sell 100,000 photos per year .
If your photos are sold at $ 1 to $ 5 dollars a piece , you will only earn a percentage of this , which usually translates to a few cents .
The rate of failed submissions is very high , because stock photo websites are saturated with millions of photos , you either need to submit photos of a completely new , groundbreaking theme or choose a very narrow niche market .
3 . What to submit
This seems to be always the first question beginners ask … what to submit ?
New photographers usually submit everything they have and let the buyers decide what they want .
I certainly would n’t suggest this approach .
Let ’s rather look at this from a marketing perspective :
What buyers want is usually what stock agencies are looking to buy , so a better approach is to submit what these websites are looking for .
All stock photography websites have guidelines that you should adhere to in order to make a successful photo submission .
They usually include a detailed list of what subjects they ’re looking for .
You should carefully examine this list and filter out your photo collection as well as use this as a guideline to find great opportunities from which you can profit from .
3.1 . Subjects That Sell
The majority of successfully sold images contain people .
Every statistical research conducted around photos shows that people are attracted to photos that show other people , instead of nature or abstract photos .
Keep in mind that in order for stock agencies to accept photos showing people you will have to send them model releases which include signed agreements .
Take a close look at some of the popular photos on stock photo websites , such as the top 50 or top 100 and their all time best sellers .
You can learn a lot from these photos and what buyers of that particular stock photography website are looking for and are willing to buy .
Example of popular photos :
3.2 . Choosing a Niche Market
A niche market is a subset of a larger more generic market .
Photos targeting niche markets are for example just animal photos or just building photos .
According to Wikipedia : “ A niche market may be thought of as a narrowly defined group of potential customers ” .
By choosing a niche market you can double the chances of selling a photo .
Specializing in only one or a few selected niche markets makes sense , because buyers will instantly know that you master the techniques for that specific niche market .
On stock photography websites where the competition is really stiff , you have to choose a very narrow niche market in order to achieve many sales .
To sum up , look at the demand , learn from it and try to fill the holes of your chosen niche market .
4 . Where to Submit Your Work
There are many stock photography websites where you can submit your photos .
In this article we ’ll showcase the top stock agencies :
i Stockphoto
i Stockphoto “ is the internet ’s original member - generated image and design community .
Find your inspiration on the world ’s leading royalty - free stock destination ” .
This website has a very large database with millions of photos .
You can sell your photos for as low as $ 1 .
You can earn up to 40 % from this price .
The site has a complex pricing plan which can be viewed here : istockphoto.com/photographer-royalties.php
Here ’s a detailed description as to how to sign up and sell your stock photos : istockphoto.com/sell-stock-photos.php
Dreamstime
Dreamstime “ you can find a large variety of Royalty - Free stock images .
Thanks to the continual evolution and diversification of digital technologies , we are able to provide images of a very high quality at a completely convenient price ” .
The agency works on a credit system .
One credit costs $ 0.99 and a standard image of 1600 × 1200 pixels costs 3 credits .
The contributors share on the sale a photo is 50 % .
You can view their price plan here : dreamstime.com /sell
Stockxpert
Stockxpert “ is a royalty free stock photography community with the goal to provide customers with affordable stock imagery while offering a powerful tool to photographers and digital artists who would like to sell their work ” .
Small images , such as 400×300 , are sold for $ 1 and larger 3600 ×2400 photos are sold for $ 10 .
A photographer can earn 50 % for each download .
For their guidelines have a look at this page : stockxpert.com/support/help/8_1
Fotolia
Fotolia “ is the first worldwide social marketplace for royalty free stock images , allowing individuals and professionals to legally buy and share stock images and illustrations ” .
The more images you sell , the higher your commission , starting at 33 % and up to 50 % or 60 % .
Buying images on this site is a little more expensive than other stock photo sites .
The cost of 1 credit is $ 1 and a standard image costs 9 credits .
Shutterstock
Shutterstock “ is the largest subscription - based stock photo agency in the world .
Every day we add thousands of photographs , illustrations , and vectors to our outstanding collection of premium , royalty - free images ” .
Clustershot
Clustershot “ is just a website .
It ’s not a movement , a fad , or a social experiment .
On ClusterShot , you can sell your photos or buy other people ’s photos ” .
Corbis
Corbis “ is a creative resource for advertising , marketing and media professionals worldwide , helping to bring creative work to life with the highest quality photography , footage and rights services ” .
5. Before You Submit
Quality :
In order to maximize your chances of success , ensure that every photo you submit is top quality .
Quality is the most important criteria on every stock photography site .
Do not scale down your photos ( making them into a smaller resolution ) or scale them up ( making them a higher resolution ) .
Editing :
Be extremely careful how you modify your images in digital photo editors such as Photoshop .
Do n’t bother to submit over or under exposed images .
Also avoid the following photographic errors if you can : lens flare , noise , high contrast and blurs .
Stock agencies will normally reject these types of photos .
Copyright :
You should not , under any circumstances , upload photos which are not yours .
Also , avoid submitting third party logos and trademarks of any kind .
One last thing , avoid taking photos of military buildings as well as buildings and objects where the trademark is visible ( e.g. photos of the Apple Store ) .
6. License Types and Model Releases
Photos are not sold and / or purchased by users , they are licensed .
Stock agencies will license your photos and create a binding agreement between you and the stock agency .
Copyright was first drafted in the 1976 Copyright Act , signed by most countries in the world and states that photographs are automatically subject to copyright protection for the lifetime of the author .
A copyright owner has four exclusive rights :
To reproduce the copyrighted material To display the copyrighted work
To create derivatives of the copyrighted work To distribute the copyrighted material
In most cases you always retain these rights when you submit your photos to stock agencies , but read the contributor agreement very carefully as these rights can be sold , assigned or transferred to a third party .
Licensing is the way in which you allow other people to use your photos .
There are different license types that you need to know about before you submit your photos to stock agencies .
Royalty Free ( Standard or creative ) License
This is the most common form of licensing on stock photography websites .
A buyer pays a flat fee for the image and nothing more .
For example if a photo costs $ 1 , then the buyer pays $ 1 .
The buyer does n’t have the right to resell the image , only to use it .
Rights Managed
This type of license is more rigid then other licenses , but it gives more options to professional photographers .
It can restrict usage to just a few buyers at any given time , for example they can exclude a particular country from using the photos .
It is usually much more expensive than a Royalty Free license .
The buyers will pay the base price of the image every time they use the image .
This means that if the buyers want to print your image on flyers , brochures , etc. and want to make 100 copies , they will need to pay 100 times the base price of the photo .
Exclusive
This is not really a license , just an extension of the above licenses .
Many stock agencies offer this option , which means that if you upload your photo to a stock agency website and make it exclusive you cannot upload that photo on other websites whether it ’s a stock photography website or your own personal site .
Model Release
This is a contract in which the person used for the photograph ( the model ) gives his / her written permission that his / her image can be used by the photographer in a specific way .
Each person appearing in a given photo must sign this contract .
This is actually easier than you think and can be as simple as offering something in return , like a free copy of the photo in which they appear .
You can find a model release example here
7. Tags and Descriptions
Title
Getting a catchy title for your photos is essential in stock photography .
Think of the other millions of photos that you ’re competing with .
Also , make sure that the title is targeted to your photo and not a meaningless title used just as a marketing strategy .
Tagging
With the help of keywords you can greatly enhance the chances of selling your photos .
Consider this process , a sort of mini SEO ( search engine optimization ) .
Without tags the website ’s built in search engine ca n’t show an accurate result .
If you get your keywords right , you greatly improve the chances of your photo being shown first in the search results .
As with any other aspect of stock photography , look at your competition and start by analyzing popular tags .
Here ’s an example of the popular tags list on Fotolia .
Start with a keyword list that describes your photo :
Query these keywords on stock photo websites and see what comes up .
If you found a photo that is similar to yours check that photo ’s tags .
Avoid using generic keywords such as dog or flower , because stock websites are saturated with these keywords , instead try to think of more specific tags such as “ dobermann puppy ” .
If your photo illustrates people , again be specific and make sure you mention the mood of the people depicted : “ Happy man ”
Use keyword suggestion tools :
Although these techniques are used in search engine optimization ( SEO ) , it ’s perfectly okay to use it to find image keywords too .
One particular tool that is worth mentioning is the Google AdWords Keyword Tool .
You simply write a few keywords per line and the tool suggests other similar keywords .
Descriptions
Usually , 2 to 3 sentences is best for the description of a photo .
If your photo illustrates a location make sure you mention it in your description ( or in the photo title ) , and be as specific as you can .
Do n’t write long descriptions , because it ’s a fact that users are not reading website content , they scan it .
If the website allows it , bold and emphasize important text in your description .
Try to capture the essence of the things that your photo illustrates such as objects on the photo , the mood of the photo , and location when necessary .
8. Insider Tips
Always use quality photos and targeted to the niche market you ’re after
Be creative and always try to improve your techniques .
Analyze the want list of stock photography websites and make sure you adhere to their guidelines .
Photos of people sell better than nature photos .
Choose a few niche markets and stick to them .
Copy the business strategy of Richard Branson , choose a niche market , find the biggest hole in this market and fill it .
Experiment with photo types and what type of photo work on which website .
Read the fine print of contributor agreements .
Always provide a model release when using photos depicting people , even in the case of photos depicting infants .
Timing is extremely important as well .
The celebration of major events such as Christmas or New Year are usually popular at that specific time of the year only .
Promote your photos on other websites , like your personal portfolio site .
Create effective titles , captions and tags .
Written exclusively for WDD by Gyorgy Ferkete .
Do you have experience selling stock photography ?
Share your tips with your fellow photographers below .
For more than a decade , Carl Malamud of public .
resource.org has been angering government bureaucrats by setting government documents free using his online pirate printing press .
But now , Malamud is campaigning to be The Man .
Or , more accurately , the chief printer for The Man .
Malamud started by forcing the SEC to put filings online in the '90s , moved into publishing the nation 's laws and regulations for free online , and is now fighting to free federal court document - retrieval systems from its onerous per-page fees .
It 's all part of his plan to open - source the nation 's operating system .
Now Malamud has launched a public campaign — found online at YesWeScan.org — to be nominated to become the " Public Printer of the United States , " the head of the Government Printing Office .
He writes :
In 2008 ,
Public .
Resource .
Org published over 32.4 million pages of primary legal materials , as well as thousands of hours of video and thousands of photographs .
In the
1990s , I fought to place the databases of the United States on the
Internet .
In the 1980s , I fought to make the standards that govern our global Internet open standards available to all .
Should I be honored to be nominated and confirmed , I would continue to work to preserve and extend our public domain , and would place special attention to our relationship with our customers , especially the United States Congress .
Malamud has already filed his radical transparency proposals with the Obama transition team , and now is looking for people to support his nominations by blogging about his campaign or adding their support in comments on blog posts .
Given Malamud 's ability to wear down government bureaucracies , the Obama administration might do well to save themselves the trouble .
Malamud will be the nation 's public printer — it 's just a question of whether he 'll be rogue or legit .
See Also :
The downside of soft power
In his best - selling book Soft Power , my friend and colleague Joseph Nye famously defined “ soft power ” as a state ’s ability to attract others to a set of “ shared values and the justness and duty of contributing to those values . ”
Among other things , he saw the American system of higher education as a key source of this sort of attraction .
Encouraging tens of thousands of foreign students to attend U.S. universities was an effective way to familiarize them with the core values of democracy , the rule of law , human rights , and free markets , and Nye argued that future elites educated here would be more inclined to share U.S. policy preferences .
As former Secretary of State Colin Powell put it , “ I can think of no more valuable asset to our country than the friendship of future world leaders who have been educated here . ”
I find this argument persuasive .
Indeed , I once wrote : “ the American university system remains a potent mechanism for socializing foreign elites .
Students studying in the United States become familiar with U.S. mores while simultaneously absorbing mainstream U.S. views on politics and economics . ”
( Full disclosure : over forty percent of the students at the Kennedy School of Government are from overseas , and I firmly convinced that helping to educate them is good for the world and good for America , too . )
From a parochial American perspective , however , this aspect of “ soft power ” has at least one downside .
In addition to learning about American values and in most cases acquiring a more accurate and favorable impression of American society , some foreign students who study here also acquire an in - depth knowledge of how the American system of government works .
They also learn how to talk to Americans in ways that we will find persuasive .
In short , they gain a greater ability to manipulate our political system to their advantage .
For example , Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili has a law degree from Columbia and also took courses at Georgetown .
He has been something of a darling in hardline circles in Washington , and he was savvy enough to hire one of John McCain ’s foreign policy advisors ( Randy Scheunemann ) to lobby on Georgia ’s behalf .
According to Stephen Sestanovich of the Council on Foreign Relations , these efforts gained Georgia a “ broad base of support ” in Washington .
This is partly a testimony to Saakashvili ’s own political skills , but his effectiveness inside - the - Beltway suggests that he learned a lot about what makes America tick while he was a student here .
A second example might be Ahmad Chalabi , the former head of the Iraqi National Congress and one of the key promoters of the U.S. invasion in 2003 .
Chalabi received a Ph.D. in Mathematics from the University of Chicago and proved to be unusually good at cultivating powerful friends in Washington .
Indeed , his ability to sell bogus ideas about Iraq to gullible American neoconservatives suggests that he knew more about American than he did about politics in Iraq .
Then there ’s former ( and possibly future ) Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who went to high school outside Philadelphia and to college and graduate school at MIT .
His fluid command of English and obvious familiarity with the American politics and culture have made him an effective media performer and a popular figure on Capitol Hill , where he testified in 2002 in favor of the invasion of Iraq .
And let ’s not forget Prince Bandar bin Sultan , who received an M.A. in public policy from Johns Hopkins University ’s School of Advanced International Studies ( SAIS ) and served as Saudi ambassador to the United States from 1983 to 2005 .
The United States is more susceptible to this sort of influence than most other countries for three reasons .
First , the United States is a global superpower with commitments all over the world , and its leaders do n’t have time to master all the details of different regional situations .
So when a smooth - talking foreign representative with lots of local knowledge shows up and tells us what he or she knows we ’d like to hear , we are more inclined to buy it .
Second , foreign countries know that whatever the United States does will have a big impact on them , so they devote a lot of effort to shaping our perceptions in ways that will benefit them .
If they are smart , they send their A - Team over here , and people who know how our system works and what buttons to press will be especially valuable .
By contrast , we do n’t have the time , energy , personnel or incentive to do that for the other 190 - plus countries out there .
Here it ’s also worth noting that the number of foreign students studying here significantly exceeds the number of American studying abroad .
According to the Institute of International Education , there were over 600,000 foreigners studying here in 2008 , compared with about 250,000 Americans studying overseas .
Third , the United States has a uniquely permeable political system .
If a foreign diplomat ca n’t persuade the State Department , Treasury , or Defense , there are 435 Congressmen and 100 different Senators for them to go to work on .
As Ken Silverstein shows in his fascinating and funny book Turkmeniscam , there are also a host of lobbying and PR firms who are happy to help foreign governments sell their story here too .
And someone who has studied here for a few years is bound to know a lot about how to do that more effectively than someone who has never lived here before .
This is not — repeat not — an argument for raising the drawbridge and keeping foreign students out .
Knowing how our system works does n’t enable foreign diplomats or government officials to dictate what the U.S. government does , and sometimes an all - out effort to bamboozle us will get nowhere , or even backfire .
On balance , therefore , keeping our ivory towers open is almost certainly a net plus for the United States .
And there ’s undoubtedly a positive - sum benefit when students from a variety of cultures come together to wrestle with common problems —
I see this every day in my courses .
But let ’s not be naive : there are certain costs too , unless one wrongly assumes that foreign leaders will never , ever , try to get us to do something that might be in their interest but not in ours .
And in those cases , an intimate knowledge of how American politics operates will give some foreign representatives an edge .
International politics is a competitive business , and it ’s hardly surprising that other countries use their knowledge of the United States and its political system to try to advance their own interests .
Instead of keeping foreign students out , however , perhaps the answer is to get more Americans to study abroad , so that we ’re as good at manipulating them as they sometimes are at manipulating us .
Chris Hondros / Getty Images
Google just last night released a Maps version of Google Mars .
You can choose between Elevation , Visible , and Infared versions of the map which shows high resolution photos of the surface of Mars .
And , if you click on the links at the top you will get layers of waypoints showing places of interest on Mars .
Clicking on the waypoints gives you more details .
What some of you may not know is that the Google Earth client in an earlier life ( before Google bought Keyhole ) , used to have a Mars database you could browse .
According to the new FAQ for the Google Mars map :
4. Can I see the Mars data using the Google Earth client ?
Not yet , but we ’re working on it .
To whet your appetite , you can check out this 3 - D fly - through movie of Valles Marineris made using this data .
In fact , there is already a Mars forum at the Google Earth Community which comes from the old Keyhole version of the Mars database .
I suspect the new version will have even better data .
Given they are mentioning the Valles Marineris movie , we have to assume the database will have a 3D terrain layer and we ’ll be able to fly through the canyon ourselves !
Oh yeah , and do n’t forget to check out Google Moon ( and make sure you zoom all the way in ) .
HEADLINES
FEBRUARY 4 , 2009
TRICKLE OF MP3S CONTINUES
I admit it 's not the mighty stream it was when I was younger .
Here 's the second mp3 of a track from my all - video set at Bootie back on 1 /24 .
You 've already seen the video , now enjoy the audio without the video .
Vampire Weekend vs. T.I. & Rihanna - " Live Your Life Punk "
Right - click to download :
5.5MB 256kbps mp3
Click to play : Right - click to download : Click to play :
Mostly this little numb er is thanks to Kristi , who was n't that into Vampire Weekend until I told her to get the album , in my defense , but then when I was planning the set and fretting about not having any hipster tunes she said hey , what about that Vampire Weekend band , and I was like , ah , yes , okay .
I keep thinking I should do like a 7 - minute jump - up jungle version of this , but I guess I 'll add that to the to - do list .
Okay , so enjoy that .
Mailbag excitement coming this week as well , plus , it looks like June - July European Tour is on .
Have an awesome club night that could benefit from Party Ben 's ridonkulous DJ antics ?
Get in touch with my agent .
CHRISTIANS USE PROPHECY TO EXCUSE LAZINESS
By Chuck Baldwin
February 3 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
In response to my two previous columns regarding the current development of a devilish New World Order , many professing Christians wrote me with comments to the effect that we should not be concerned about whatever global tyranny may be developing , because " it 's all a part of God 's plan , " or " Jesus is coming soon , " and similar statements .
I , too , believe in the imminent return of Jesus Christ to earth .
But , then again , so did Christians from every generation over the last two millennia .
In fact , the Apostle Paul was looking for the return of Christ while he lived ( Philippians 3:20 ) .
But does anticipation of Christ 's Second Coming excuse personal neglect , indifference , and downright laziness ?
Of course not .
Had pastors and Christians of colonial America believed and acted as most Christians believe and act today , this country would still be a Crown colony and we would never have known the freedoms and liberties that our forebears bequeathed to us .
Christians of that era , however , believed that it was their duty and obligation to fight for right and do everything within their power to resist tyranny .
They also believed that God would honor and bless their efforts , which He certainly did !
It is extremely difficult for me to reconcile the apathy and slave - like mentality that seems to permeate modern Christendom ( in America ) with both our own heritage and the very Word of God .
For example , the Apostle Paul is very clear when he writes that a Christian must never " do evil , that good may come " ( Romans 3:8 ) .
Yet , that is exactly what many , if not most , Christians are doing today .
When confronted with an obvious evil ( a burgeoning tyrannical New World Order , not to mention a number of lesser evils ) , modern Christians will shrug and glibly say , " It 's God 's will ; we must not oppose it , " or words to that effect .
This attitude says , " I will tolerate or even condone evil in order to hasten Christ 's return . "
In the first place , no one knows when Christ will return , no matter how many books or tapes they have produced to say they do .
In Acts chapter 1 , Jesus was asked by His disciples if He would , at that time , set up His kingdom .
The first words out of His mouth were , " It is not for you to know . "
Oh , we can speculate , surmise , and make educated guesses , but that 's the best we can do .
It 's time we were honest enough to admit it : only God knows when Christ will return .
In fact , Jesus said , " But of that day and hour knoweth no man , no , not the angels of heaven , but my Father only " ( Matthew 24:36 ) .
In the meantime , millions of Christians across America are trying to play God .
They talk as if they know when Christ will come .
It 's actually worse than that .
They have the attitude that they have no personal responsibility to defend freedom and resist despotism .
They seem to look at God as some kind of glorified fireman , who is obligated to rush in at the last minute to rescue them from a burning fire -- a fire that they helped ignite , or at least , refused to put out themselves when they had the opportunity to do so .
It 's the old , " God would not let that happen in America " syndrome .
Advertisement
How arrogant can we be ?
Ask believers from despotic regimes around the world what they think about God letting tribulation come , and they will quickly tell you , " We are already in tribulation . "
Are Christians in the United States really that arrogant as to believe that God loves them more than He loves believers in other countries ?
If not , can we not see that if believers around the world have suffered ( and still suffer ) the heavy hand of tyranny and oppression , it is certainly possible for tyranny and oppression to come to our land ?
The fact is , the only reason that Christians in America have not ( for the most part ) suffered tyranny and oppression is because of the hard work and sacrifice of our forefathers .
We are simply enjoying the fruit of their labor .
In the second place , how do we know what God would do , if we only had the backbone to do our duty ?
How do we know that God would not give America " a new birth of freedom " for our children and grandchildren , if we only had the courage and fortitude to oppose the evil being thrust upon us by these would - be tyrants ?
America is only the " land of the free , " because it was the " home of the brave . "
Take away the latter and we lose the former .
And that is exactly what is currently happening .
In the third place , Christians have a moral imperative to resist evil , even if their efforts are fruitless .
We are not responsible for outcome , only effort .
Believers throughout history acted on principle , leaving the results with God. ( Read Hebrews chapter 11 . )
Some were delivered ; some were not .
That did not matter .
What mattered was doing one 's duty .
We Christians are to give our bodies as " a living sacrifice " ( Romans 12:1 ) .
It is God 's prerogative to use our sacrifice as He sees fit .
Therefore , there is no such thing as a " losing effort , " when it comes to doing right .
Doing right ( resisting evil ) is its own reward .
The three Hebrew children were not commended because God delivered them from the burning fiery furnace ; they were commended because they were willing to go into the burning fiery furnace .
So must we be .
I believe the real reason why so many professing Christians are so apathetic and indifferent to what is happening has nothing to do with the teachings of Scripture , Bible doctrine , eschatology , or anything of the like .
It has everything to do with old - fashioned laziness .
Today 's average Christian just flat does not want to be bothered .
He has a comfortable house , an easy chair , television , and a set of golf clubs in the closet .
He takes two or three weeks ' vacation every year , goes to church on Sunday ( a church that does not intrude on his comfort zone , of course ) , pays taxes , and votes for his favorite " pro-life " Republican candidate every two years , and assumes that he is a " good " Christian and " patriotic " American .
He is neither !
A real Christian patriot would never allow his country to be taken over by a gaggle of elitist goons bent on stealing his liberties -- including his religious liberties -- without doing everything in his power to prevent it .
A real Christian patriot is active , alert , engaged , zealous , and committed to preserving liberty .
What if Jesus does n't come for another 100 years ?
Another 200 years ?
What are we going to say to our grandchildren when they ask us what we were doing when our freedoms and liberties were being stolen ?
What will we say to our Christian forebears when we meet them in eternity ?
They sacrificed everything so that we could live in peace and freedom .
What will we say to them ?
What will we say to God , who handed this land of liberty to us on a silver ( albeit blood - soaked ) platter ?
Tell me again that " there is nothing we can do about it , " or " it 's God 's will , " or " Jesus is coming soon . "
Better yet , tell it again to the suffering Christians around the world ; tell it again to our Christian forebears ; tell it again to your children and grandchildren who are going to inherit a land of tyranny and oppression , all because you were too lazy to resist .
I know unbelievers who have more character and determination about preserving liberty than many who call themselves Christians .
And I have a ton more respect for them , too .
Our Lord told us , " For unto whomsoever much is given , of him shall be much required " ( Luke 12:48 ) .
Yes , Christians in America have been given the best of both worlds , and many do not even appreciate it enough to see to it that their own children -- their own flesh and blood -- will live to enjoy the same blessings .
They are pathetic !
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
So , the next time you hear some piety - draped Christian talking about how he wo n't engage the enemy and fight for liberty , because of prophecy , or some other spiritually - sounding platitude , just remember , it has nothing to do with prophecy , or anything of the sort : it has everything to do with old - fashioned laziness .
My feeling toward him is the same as that of Sam Adams ( a fellow Christian ) toward the Tories of old : " If ye love wealth better than liberty , the tranquility of servitude than the animating contest for freedom - - go home from us in peace .
We ask not your counsels or arms .
Crouch down and lick the hands which feed you .
May your chains sit lightly upon you , and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen ! "
Amen !
* If you appreciate this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may now be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link .
Texas judge charged with blocking execution appeal Agence France - Presse
Published : Friday February 20 , 2009
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( AFP ) 
A legal commission began work Thursday investigating the conduct of a Texas judge who sent a condemned man to his death rather than receive his last - minute appeal after office hours .
In a lawsuit before the Texas Commission on Judicial Conduct , Sharon Keller -- the Presiding Judge of the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals -- was charged with " willful and persistent conduct ... that casts public discredit on the judiciary or the administration of justice . "
The charges could eventually result in her removal from office .
Keller 's " willful and persistent failure to follow Court of Criminal Appeals ' execution day procedures on September 25 , 2007 ( were ) clearly inconsistent with the proper performance of her duties , " the commission said .
The chain of events began on that day in late September 2007 when the US Supreme Court decided to take up the question of the legality of lethal injections .
That decision launched lawyers in Texas for Michael Richard , who was scheduled to be executed at 6:00 pm by lethal injection , on a race against the clock to draw up an appeal and submit it before the court of criminal appeals closed at 5:00 pm .
With ten minutes to go before closing time , the lawyers called the court to ask for another 20 minutes but were refused -- an order given by Keller directly , according to the commission .
Richard was the last man executed before the start of a seven - month moratorium .
The charges against Keller , who was elected Presiding Judge of the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals for consecutive six - year terms in 2000 and 2006 , could lead to a trial before the Texas Supreme Court .
Jim Harrington , the complaint 's author and president of the Texas Civil Rights Project ( TCRP ) , welcomed the commission 's start .
" We hope this is a first step that will lead to her removal from office .
What Judge Keller did was legally and morally reprehensible and brought the administration of criminal justice in Texas into ill repute across the nation , " he said in a statement .
" Removing Judge Keller from office would send a signal that not even the highest criminal judge in the state is above the law .
" It would also be proper punishment for the morally shameful way she let a person die without final recourse to the courts , " he added .
Keller was cleared by her peers in October after a legal battle with the condemned man 's widow .
In the course of that inquiry , a judge who was on duty to receive after hours appeals on nights when executions are scheduled said she was sickened by Keller 's unilateral decision .
Earlier this week Texas lawmakers introduced a bill calling for a special committee to consider impeaching appeals court judge Sharon Keller " for gross neglect of duty and conducting her official duties with willful disregard for human life . "
Legislator Lou Burnam , who acknowledged the bill has little chance of passing , said it was " one thing for a banker to close shop at 5 o'clock sharp .
" But a public official who stands between a human being and the death chamber must be held to a higher standard . "
In an editorial Thursday , The New York Times newspaper held that judges " cannot be allowed to use their extraordinary discretion to deny litigants the fundamentals of due process .
That is especially true if the stakes are literally life and death . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Millions of Indians are forced to live in squalid slums , not because they are impoverished , but because city planners have failed to build low - cost alternatives , a government report has said , warning the problem is getting worse
Credit : GETTY
Last week 's
Tip of the Trade looked at how to stop your SSH session from dropping out , using the .ssh / config file .
This file can also set many other settings , either globally or on a per - host basis .
Note that SSH uses the first option it encounters , so per -host options should go before global options in the file .
SSH can set a host of settings on either a global or per -host basis .
Check out these especially useful ones .
SSH keys and ssh - add are useful to minimize password - typing .
But you do n't necessarily want to use the same key for all the machines you log onto , which requires more typing , to - i keyfile on the command line .
Alternatively , you can set the identify file per host with a section like this in your ~/.ssh / config file :
Similarly , the - X and - Y command - line options enable X11 forwarding and trusted X11 forwarding , respectively .
If you always want to forward X11 but only want trusted X11 for a particular machine , try this :
Host desktop.example.com ForwardX11 Trusted yes Host * ForwardX11 yes
.ssh/config
User
Host longname.machine.example.com
HostName lmach User julietkemp - longname
ssh lmach
ssh julietkemp-longname@longname.machine.example.com
scp
.ssh/config
You can also use thefile to set hostname abbreviations .
This is useful if you regularly log into a particular machine that has an inconveniently long name .
Similarly , you can use thesetting to specify the user to log in as .
So : will enable me to log in to that machine simply by typingrather than .
You could do something similar with a bash alias ; however , will also use settings from thefile , so it 's a more generalized solution .
Online Statistics Education : An Interactive Multimedia Course of Study
Developed by Rice University , University of Houston Clear Lake , and Tufts University
Online Statistics : An Interactive Multimedia Course of Study is a resource for learning and teaching introductory statistics .
It contains material presented in textbook format and as video presentations .
This resource features interactive demonstrations and simulations , case studies , and an analysis lab .
Approved by the
If you are an instructor using these materials , I can send you an instructor 's manual , PowerPoint Slides , and additional questions that may be helpful to you .
Please e-mail
This is the original classic with all the original simulations and case studies .
Maybe it ’s because of MLK day approaching , but I ’ve had this persistent thought ( surely I am not the first to think it ) since the latest violence in Gaza that what the Palestinians need is a Ghandi , a Martin , or a Tutu .
I am very sympathetic with their plight , and I do n’t think that the violence of the many jihadist groups justify the kind of massacre that is going on now in Gaza and has gone on periodically over as many years as I can remember .
But do they seriously believe that lobbing rockets into Sderot , or blowing up a cafe is going to accomplish anything but more massacres ?
Israel has and always has had the upper hand .
They have a military second ( or maybe first ) only to that of the US , more financial support , are an actual sovereign nation , and have the US vote at the UN .
Palestinians will never , ever , win a physical battle with Israel .
And whatever they might believe , they will also never win enough international sympathy to pressure the Israeli government into credible peace negotiations .
There are very few instances in history when a weaker party has bested their goliath opponent , and only three that I can think of off the top of my head : India ’s independence , South Africa ’s abolition of apartheid , and the Civil Rights Act in the US .
These three have one thing in common — the employment of non-violent resistance .
That does n’t mean , of course , that all resistance was non-violent .
In each case there was violence .
But a just resolution did not come from violent uprisings but through non-violent protest and resistance .
Hopefully there is a young man or woman in Palestine right now studying the lives and teachings of the great non-violent resisters throughout history .
Hopefully they will not be killed before they have a chance to lead a movement for peace .
Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is returning to Stanford University to teach political science and write books as a member of the Hoover Institution , according to an interview published in the campus newsletter Stanford Report .
“ Stanford is my home , ” said Rice , who served as provost at the university prior to serving two terms in the Bush administration .
“ It really seemed like the logical choice for me . ”
She ’ll relax in February by playing the piano , some golf and watching Stanford basketball .
“ I want to have a little time to exhale , ” she said .
Rather than jumping into formal coursework , she hopes to connect with students through private speaking engagements .
Free from security constraints , she said she looks forward to visiting dormitories to host student - faculty dinners — what she fondly called “ a however - long - it - goes engagement .
I used to love those , ” she said .
She said she ’d welcome debate over the ideas she promoted while serving in the Bush Administration .
“ We did some things very well , ” she said .
“ There are certainly a lot of things I would ’ve done differently … I ’m sure there will be dissertations written on that subject , and many of them I ’ll oversee at Stanford University . ”
As a Hoover senior fellow , she aims to teach courses on international politics , focusing on how to make tough choices under severe time pressures , she said .
She also aspires to write a book on foreign policy , and another , more personal book about her parents .
Contact Lisa M. Krieger at lkrieger@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) 920-5565 .
A Possible Glimmer of Economic Hope
January 27 , 2009
A shift in the balance between better - than - expected and worse - than - expected economic data can herald a change in momentum .
When most data arrive weaker - than - forecast , that often is an early detector of an absolute deterioration in real economic trends to come .
And for economies in recession , one of the first signs of light at the end of the tunnel will be a tendency for more and more data to arrive on the high side of expectations or above .
In December , practically every piece of data , regardless of the country of release , did worse than forecast , even as analysts ratcheted their gloominess higher .
Recently , however , a number of indicators have produced pleasant surprises even while staying very depressed in absolute terms .
Sometimes there is a technical explanation for the surprise , such as with British retail sales , which rose 1.6 % in the latest report versus a forecast drop of 0.6 % .
But there have also been better - than - predicted results with no obvious reason .
U.S. existing home sales rose 6.5 % instead of falling 2.0 % .
The British distributive trades index recovered to - 47 , still very low but not as much so as a consensus prediction of - 53 .
Italy ’s consumer confidence had a reading of 102.6 , well above the forecast 99 score .
Germany ’s IFO business climate index had been projected at 80.6 but was announced as 83.0 .
Previously , the ZEW survey of investor sentiment toward Germany had produced improvement to - 31 , not further deterioration to - 44 .
French business sentiment stayed at 73 instead of dropping to 71 .
The preliminary January PMI readings for Euroland — 34.5 for manufacturing , 42.5 for services and 38.5 overall — compared favorably against consensus expectations of 33.2 , 41.5 , and 37.5 .
If growth is not as poor as imagined , inflation might not fall as quickly and far , either .
The fact is that most price data , like the previous majority of indicators of activity , have been lower than assumed .
But an exception reported today was the Australian fourth - quarter PPI , which was 6.4 % greater than a year earlier versus a consensus estimate of +5.0 % .
I remain very pessimistic about the world economic outlook .
So does the IMF , which recently modified its 2009 growth forecasts to +0.5 % for the world from 2.2 % , - 1.6 % for the U.S. from - 0.7 % , - 2.0 % for Euroland from - 0.5 % , and - 2.6 % for Japan from +0.6 % .
Midyear strikes me as too early for the onset of economic recovery .
That being said , the appearance of more data that are better , not worse , than forecast bears close watching and might give reason to reassess the current deep pessimism if the tendency continues .
Even as data will remain very depressed in the late stages of recession , they will begin to trend a little better than expectations .
A related area to watch is the behavior of markets .
It will be a good sign if the Dow ’s 7552 closing low on November 20th holds .
And if the dollar becomes an object of more consistent selling pressure , that too would probably be a sign of investors being more confident about the end of the global recession .
Tags : G7
ShareThis
Mr Blair was praised for his role in the Northern Ireland peace process Former prime minister Tony Blair has won $ 1 m ( £ 697,000 ) for his leadership on the world stage .
Mr Blair , now a Middle East envoy , will receive the Dan David Prize at Tel Aviv University in Israel in May .
It marks his " foresight " , " exceptional intelligence " and " steadfast determination " to end conflicts .
Mr Blair 's spokesman said the money would be donated to the former Labour leader 's recently set up charity for religious understanding .
' Morally courageous '
Mr Blair , prime minister from 1997 to 2007 , is an envoy of the international Quartet ( the US , EU , UN and Russia ) on the Middle East peace process .
His entry as a Dan David laureate on the prize 's website hails him as " one of the most outstanding statesmen of our era " .
It praises his role in the Northern Ireland peace process and his " steadfast determination and morally courageous leadership " over Kosovo .
There is no mention of the decision to support the US - led invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
The prize 's citation states : " Early in his prime ministership , he came to two beliefs that guide him to today : first , that it is a mistake for the world to wait for America to solve all of the tough questions , and second , that there are some things a state may do within its borders that justify intervention even if the actions do not directly threaten another nation 's interests . "
A condition of the award is that 10 % of the prize money is used to fund graduate students in the winner 's field .
Mr Blair 's spokesman confirmed that the rest of the money would be donated to the Tony Blair Faith Foundation .
Three Dan David prizes are awarded every year , in " past , present and future " categories .
Mr Blair has won the present award , which last year went to environmental campaigner and former US vice - president Al Gore .
Earlier this month the former prime minister was welcomed as a " very good friend " by US President Barack Obama , as he gave a speech at the traditional National Prayer Breakfast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Australian scientists discovered yet another strong antioxidant .
They extracted it from the shells and heads of shrimp .
The substance is called astaxanthin .
Scientists say astaxanthin is the most powerful antioxidant ever discovered .
It is three times as active and strong as beta - carotene , long regarded as the top antioxidant .
And it is way stronger than tocopherol known as vitamin E ( almost 540 times stronger ) .
Two additional atoms which other antioxidants lack impart this miracle power to astaxanthin .
Astaxanthin is responsible for deep red color of all Salmon fishes , red caviar and the shell of crustacean species when exposed to thermal treatment .
It means we ’ve been consuming astaxanthin - rich foods without even realizing their health benefits .
Now , due to latest scientific findings , we could focus on this gift of nature and include more of red-colored seafood into our regular diet .
Health Benefits of Shrimp and Other Red Seafood
Stimulating the regeneration of cells .
of cells .
Protecting from the disorders of nervous system and improvement of brain activity .
Preventing the destruction of cell membranes and skin inflammatory diseases .
Strengthening the immune system , thus helping the body fight tumors .
, thus helping the body fight tumors .
Supporting the elasticity of ligaments and cartilages .
Slowing down the inflammatory processes in joints and blood vessels and fighting thrombosis .
Preventing premature aging and supporting the restoration of sexual activity .
Note : Some pharmaceutical companies launched the line of astaxanthin supplements , but they are far less beneficial compared to natural seafood .
The benefits of natural astaxanthin are hard to overestimate , so add more of orange and red colored seafood into your diet .
The Denver District Attorney ’s Office has said an officer who shot a man who charged him with what appeared to be a knife but was a cross was justified in firing his gun .
Prosecutors decided not to file criminal charges against officer Gregory Ceccacci , who shot Samson Ferde at 4 a.m. during a Dec. 29 , 2008 , domestic violence call .
Police responding to the call on the 5100 block of North Fontana Court were told he was threatening to kill his sister and her family .
Ceccacci and another officer were confronted by Ferde , who was covered with blood after stabbing himself with a knife .
Ferde had lost his job as a cab driver five months earlier and had rarely gone out of his brother ’s home since then , according to a police report .
He had gone to a religious meeting at the Pepsi Center , where a preacher picked him out of the crowd and said God had a plan for him .
Relatives told detectives his mental health had declined since then .
He said he could see things others could n’t .
He called his sister and told her he was coming to save them on the night of the confrontation with police .
He had cut himself and had blood all over himself .
When they saw him , officers ordered Ferde to kneel .
He did so , but then got up , turned around and ran at officers with an object in his hand , according to the police statement .
“ He had a look in his eye that scared the hell out of me , ” Ceccacci was quoted as saying in the police report .
Ferde was within 11 feet of Ceccacci when he began firing at Ferde .
He fired three shots .
“ The attack occurred in an instant , forcing officer Ceccacci to make a split - second decision to defend himself , ” said a letter from District Attorney Mitch Morrissey ’s office to Police Chief Gerry Whitman .
Less lethal weapons were not available under the circumstances , the letter says .
The object in Ferde ’s hand turned out to be a 3 - by - 5 - inch cross .
In Ferde ’s truck , investigators found the 12 - inch blood - stained knife he presumably had cut himself with earlier .
Kirk Mitchell : 303-954-1206 or kmitchell@denverpost.com
As a cross-platform gamer increasingly disenchanted with the PC , I absolutely love Steam and what Valve has done for the platform .
Over the last five years , Steam has gone from a risky gamble by a small developer to a flag - bearer for the strengths of PC gaming .
Valve had made lofty technology promises before ( remember PowerPlay ? ) , so launching a digital distribution service just when many gamers were transitioning to broadband was rather ambitious .
What began as little more than a streamlined patching service and server browser has gone on to offer an integrated marketplace , voice chat , community organization , and a massive catalog of third - party titles .
Not content to let consoles catch up , Valve continues to be a pioneer , with Steam becoming a champion for indie games like Darwinia , Audiosurf , Aquaria , and others .
But that ’s enough gushing about Steam ; that ’s not what this post is about .
No , today I ’m here to talk about a less - well - known facet of Valve ’s service : the Steam Hardware Survey .
Creating games for the PC is a tricky endeavor , particularly due to the vast variety of hardware available .
Developers I ’ve spoken with have a hard time coming up with target configurations , especially in recent years .
Marketers and the media have become obsessed with touting buzzwords like " 64 - bit , " " multi- threaded , " " DirectX 10 , " and " PhysX , " but whenever I ask programmers why they did n’t use those technologies , I get the same response : the market penetration just is n’t there yet .
Why invest a large amount of time and money into technologies that only a few customers can take advantage of ?
Ultimately , developers have to stay conservative and wait a few years for new technologies to mature .
Obviously , there are exceptions to the norm , with companies like Crytek and Blizzard providing good examples of opposite extremes .
Crytek ’s Crysis was an exponent for high - end PC hardware , and though some would like to blame piracy , its sales were no doubt harmed by its smaller target audience .
At the other end of the spectrum lies Blizzard , whose World of Warcraft has become one of the most successful PC games of all time .
Sure , it helps that WoW is also one of the best - designed MMORPGs ever , but I attribute a large portion of its success to the low system requirements .
WoW will practically run on a graphing calculator , an attribute that ’s been a hallmark of Blizzard ’s development style for some time .
With the blockbuster status of the firm ’s Starcraft and Diablo series , I ’d say that strategy has worked out pretty well so far .
But what about developers aiming for a middle ground : not requiring a supercomputer to get playable frame rates , but not having a game look two years old the moment it comes out , either ?
How do you know what sort of system to shoot for ?
If advertising reflected the PC gaming scene accurately , you ’d think everyone has a quad - core setup with two video cards and a 1000W power supply — but that ’s just not the case .
Thankfully , Valve aims to take the guesswork out of the process by leveraging the massive installed base of Steam and periodically surveying its users .
With over 16 million accounts , Valve has access to data that few ( if any ) others do .
If the company were n’t so busy making money hand - over - fist from other revenue streams , it would likely try to sell this data to marketers and developers .
Instead , Valve releases it for free , and the latest update ( published just one week ago ) even includes pretty graphs !
Let ’s take a look at the some of the more interesting statistics :
Windows versions : Windows XP looks like the dominant operating system for PC gamers , with nearly 69 % of Steam users holding on to it .
However , its presence is on the decline ( down 1.28 % in November ) , while Windows Vista is up 1.36 % .
Vista runs almost exactly 30 % of all surveyed Steam clients , though the 32 - bit version continues to outpace its 64 - bit sibling in terms of both installed base and adoption rate .
Do gamers still not realize how cheap 4GB RAM kits are these days ?
Perhaps PC vendors are to blame for continuing to ship 32 - bit systems despite the improved driver support for Vista x64 .
One final note of interest in the Windows data is that there ’s another OS with a growing gamer user base : Windows XP 64 - bit , which was up a minuscule 0.03 % over the previous month .
Why gamers would be migrating to XP x64 instead of Vista x64 is anyone ’s guess , because in my experience , Vista actually has better driver and application support .
The minds of gamers truly work in mysterious ways .
: Windows XP looks like the dominant operating system for PC gamers , with nearly 69 % of Steam users holding on to it .
However , its presence is on the decline ( down 1.28 % in November ) , while Windows Vista is up 1.36 % .
Vista runs almost exactly 30 % of all surveyed Steam clients , though the 32 - bit version continues to outpace its 64 - bit sibling in terms of both installed base and adoption rate .
Do gamers still not realize how cheap 4GB RAM kits are these days ?
Perhaps PC vendors are to blame for continuing to ship 32 - bit systems despite the improved driver support for Vista x64 .
One final note of interest in the Windows data is that there ’s another OS with a growing gamer user base : Windows XP 64 - bit , which was up a minuscule 0.03 % over the previous month .
Why gamers would be migrating to XP x64 instead of Vista x64 is anyone ’s guess , because in my experience , Vista actually has better driver and application support .
The minds of gamers truly work in mysterious ways .
Video cards : Nvidia is dominating AMD ( referred to as ATI in Valve ’s data ) , with over 65 % of sampled Steam users packing Nvidia GPUs compared to just 27 % for AMD .
( Intel ’s integrated offerings hold on with 1.76 % of the pie , and I ca n’t help but feel sorry for their users . )
Nvidia ’s success over the last two years is no surprise , because the hugely popular GeForce 8800 series made life somewhat difficult for AMD .
In fact , GeForce 8800 graphics cards make up the largest single group of samples at 12.43 % , even if that population is steadily on the decline .
: Nvidia is dominating AMD ( referred to as ATI in Valve ’s data ) , with over 65 % of sampled Steam users packing Nvidia GPUs compared to just 27 % for AMD .
( Intel ’s integrated offerings hold on with 1.76 % of the pie , and I ca n’t help but feel sorry for their users . )
Nvidia ’s success over the last two years is no surprise , because the hugely popular GeForce 8800 series made life somewhat difficult for AMD .
In fact , GeForce 8800 graphics cards make up the largest single group of samples at 12.43 % , even if that population is steadily on the decline .
AMD ’s most represented graphics offering is already the new Radeon 4800 series , which comes in fifth place with 3 % of the sample .
Although it still has a way to go before it can become top dog , the 4800 lineup does have the fastest adoption rate at 0.51 % last month .
With 4800 - series GPUs now available for as little as $ 110 , it ’ll be interesting to see how many Steam users make the switch over the coming months .
The next most common AMD GPU is all the way down in thirteenth place , showing just how far behind AMD fell in the eyes of consumers over recent generations — 1.73 % of Steam users still cling to the now five - year - old Radeon 9600 series .
Processors :
This might feel like deja vu for AMD , because Valve ’s CPU statistics look pretty similar to the GPU breakdown .
This time , it ’s Intel beating up on them with almost 64 % of the Steam user base .
Like Nvidia ’s GeForce 8800 series , Intel ’s Core 2 offerings have outperformed the competition overall in the past couple years , and gamers have responded appropriately .
AMD ’s presence has continued to decline these past few months , while Intel keeps slowly creeping higher and higher .
: This might feel like deja vu for AMD , because Valve ’s CPU statistics look pretty similar to the GPU breakdown .
This time , it ’s Intel beating up on them with almost 64 % of the Steam user base .
Like Nvidia ’s GeForce 8800 series , Intel ’s Core 2 offerings have outperformed the competition overall in the past couple years , and gamers have responded appropriately .
AMD ’s presence has continued to decline these past few months , while Intel keeps slowly creeping higher and higher .
Perhaps the most interesting CPU - related statistic is the number of processor cores in respondents ’
PCs .
The majority of Steam users are now running multi-core systems , with 49.27 % toting dual - core configurations and 10.12 % having made the jump to quad - core .
If nearly 60 % of these gamers have more than one CPU core under the hood , there ’s no excuse for PC developers not to exploit that as much as possible .
DirectX 10 systems : Nearly 46 % of the PCs sampled contain DirectX 10 - capable GPUs , but the majority of them ( 53.4 % ) are still running Windows XP .
Gamers must not be sold on either Vista or DirectX 10 yet .
Although only 21.43 % of Steam users have fully DirectX 10 - capable systems ( with Vista and DX10 GPUs ) , developers may want to start investing more in the technology to give the stragglers a reason to upgrade their OSes .
The hardware penetration is there , and we ’re seeing the results in games like Assassin ’s Creed , Far Cry 2 , and Crysis : Warhead that contain DX10 code paths .
Time will tell whether Microsoft can manage to convince the holdout XP gamers to upgrade or if those folks will wait for Windows 7 before making the jump en masse .
There ’s far more data that I ca n’t go over in a simple blog post , so be sure to peruse the Steam Hardware Survey at your leisure .
It really is a fascinating read , and some of the statistics might surprise you .
In the future , I hope Valve will continue to enhance its presentation methods and perhaps tell us the sample size for the survey .
My understanding is that every Steam user is solicited , but it ’s a safe bet that not all users complete the survey .
I ’d love to extrapolate some hard numbers , but for now percentages will have to do .
Before I leave you , two additional facts shocked me : Creative ’s minuscule share compared to integrated audio in a demographic where they should dominate , and the fact that the plurality of Steam users still run their primary displays at 1024×768 .
I did n’t even know that you could still buy monitors that small .
If I ever had the misfortune to take a choice between being caught in an uncompromising position with Mike Tyson ’s lover or coming face to face with a King Cobra , my answer would be ” Do n’t hit me Mike , you ’re out all night drinking , playing cards and …. ”
I ’m absolutely terrified of snakes .
The King Cobra grows to an average length of three to four metres and with a single bite its venom can kill an elephant within three hours .
If a person is not given a shot of antivenom , they can die as soon as five minutes after the Ophiophagus hannah ( King Cobra ) has applied their nastier version of the Glasgow kiss .
When I first met Wonderful Wi ’s sister - in - law Maeo I could n’t help but notice the swollen and weeping puss filled wound on one of her feet .
I asked how it had happened and Wi explained .
Her brother and sister - in - law live on the outskirts of a village about five kilometres from Udon Thani city .
Early one morning Maeo went into the bathroom and unaware to her a spitting cobra was resting on the tiled floor .
The cobra immediately struck , biting Maeo on the side of her foot , her screams alerted her husband who bravely disposed of the snake .
Thankfully the wound has been a long time healed but the story is always fresh in my mind when I enter a bathroom in Thailand .
Our village home in Ban Norn Chad has rice fields backing on to it and spitting cobra ’s have been seen not too far from the back of our land .
I have been assured that the last sighting was a long time before .
Very much like myself , Wilai is prone to a nibble on her fingernails at the thought of even the smallest of snakes .
The King Cobra is the largest venomous snake in the world although not every bite given is fatal , with one test suggesting that around 33 % of cobra bites analysed showed no sign of envenomation .
Having read all the above , you ’re probably thinking the King Cobra should be avoided at all costs .
I am in total agreement with you , however there are some people who actively seek the King Cobra and welcome it into their everyday life .
King Cobra Village
Ban Khok Sa-Nga in Khon Kaen Province is known throughout Thailand as King Cobra Village .
Most of the households in this village keep cobras in wooden boxes next to their homes .
Sightings of King Cobras crossing the village roads are common .
The villagers put on regular King Cobra shows for the visiting tourists , teasing and prodding , even putting the snake ’s head into their mouth in an attempt to agitate the King Cobra into striking .
The showmen and women like to prove their mastery of these deadly snakes by avoiding the strike .
Some children even participate in the famous King Cobra Village shows .
Their skills , honed from childhood sometimes let them down , though rarely resulting in death there is no antivenom stocked in the village .
The villagers use a more alternative remedy for the venomous King Cobra bite .
They use an herbal leaf which they crush and mix with lemon juice and then rub over the punctured skin to counteract the deadly toxin .
They also put the herb into their tea so as the herbal remedy is consumed on a daily basis .
I ’ll certainly drink to that .
To view a five minute YouTube video of the King Cobra Village click here .
Credits
“ Cobra home ” by Prashanthns – Own work .
Licensed under CC BY - SA 3.0 via Wikimedia Commons .
Original content here is published under these license terms : X License Type : Read Only License Abstract :
You may read the original content in the context in which it is published ( at this web address ) .
No other copying or use is permitted without written agreement from the author .
Here 's the big problem with almost all the current rhetoric about the housing crisis :
It presumes that the goal should be to get house prices rising again .
The problem with that idea is that , even after a 25 % decline , house prices are still way too high .
Even if there is a government mechanism that could stop house prices from plummeting and artificially pump them up again , therefore , it would just postpone the inevitable .
Below is the Robert Shiller chart that makes this crystal clear ( produced by the New York Times and taken from this excellent article by James Quinn ) .
And below the chart is what James Quinn thinks about it .
James Quinn ( from The Burning Platform ) :
As Congressional moron after Congressional moron goes on the usual Sunday talk show circuit and says we must stop home prices from falling , I wonder whether these people took basic math in high school .
Are they capable of looking at a chart and understanding a long - term average ?
The median value of a U.S. home in 2000 was $ 119,600 .
It peaked at $ 221,900 in 2006 .
Historically , home prices have risen annually in line with CPI .
If they had followed the long - term trend , they would have increased by 17 % to $ 140,000 .
Instead , they skyrocketed by 86 % due to Alan Greenspan ’s irrational lowering of interest rates to 1 % , the criminal pushing of loans by lowlife mortgage brokers , the greed and hubris of investment bankers and the foolishness and stupidity of home buyers .
It is now 2009 and the median value should be $ 150,000 based on historical precedent .
The median value at the end of 2008 was $ 180,100 .
Therefore , home prices are still 20 % overvalued .
Long - term averages are created by periods of overvaluation followed by periods of undervaluation .
Prices need to fall 20 % and could fall 30 % .
You will know we are at the bottom when the top shows on cable are Foreclose That House and Homeless Housewives of Orange County .
Instead of allowing the housing market to correct to its fair value , President Obama and Barney Frank will attempt to “ mitigate ” foreclosures .
Mr. Frank has big plans for your tax dollars , " We may need more than $ 50 billion for foreclosure [ mitigation ] " .
What this means is that you will be making your monthly mortgage payment and in addition you will be making a $ 100 payment per month for a deadbeat who bought more house than they could afford , is still watching a 52 inch HDTV , still eating in their perfect kitchens with granite countertops and stainless steel appliances .
Barney thinks he can reverse the law of supply and demand by throwing your money at the problem .
He will succeed in wasting billions of tax dollars and home prices will still fall 20 % to 30 % .
Unsustainably high home prices can not be sustained .
I would normally say that even a 3rd grader could understand this concept .
But , instead I ’ll say that even a U.S. Congressman should understand this .
Do n't Miss : Sir Allen Billionaire Fraudster 's Toys ( SLIDESHOW )
Today , Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and Senate Leader Harry Reid released a letter asking the Capitol Architect to switch the Capitol Power Plant from coal to 100 percent natural gas by the end of 2009 .
The switch to natural gas will allow the CPP to dramatically reduce carbon and criteria pollutant emissions , eliminating more than 95 percent of sulfur oxides and at least 50 percent of carbon monoxide .
[ social_buttons ]
Pelosi and Reid ’s letter comes just three days before more than 2,500 people from across the country will converge at the power plant for the biggest civil disobedience on climate issues in U.S. history .
Noting that the Capitol Power Plant continues to be the number one source of air pollution and carbon emissions in the District of Columbia , the Congressional leaders thanked the Capitol Architect for the work they had done on increasing efficiency at CPP but that , “ more must be done to dramatically reduce plant emissions and the CPP ’s impact . ”
“ Since there are not projected to be any economical or feasible technologies to reduce coal - burning emissions soon , ” Pelosi and Reid write in the letter , “ there are several steps you should take in the short term to reduce the amount of coal burned at the plant while preparing for a conversion to cleaner burning natural gas . ”
Reid and Pelosi went on to say that they had received mixed messages about the cost of retrofitting the entire plant and that they would like to see retrofitting at least one of the coal boilers as early as this summer , and the remaining boiler by the end of the year .
The Capitol Power Plant will be the location for a planned act of civil disobedience on Monday .
And beginning tomorrow 10,000 youth climate leaders will descend on Washington D.C. for an unrelated event political action called Power Shift 09 .
Though the Capitol Power Plant protest and Power Shift are officially unaffiliated , there will certainly be some overlap .
>> Read an interview with Power Shift 09 organizer , Jessy Tolkan
Image : CC licensed by flickr user jeveleth
Looking to enjoy a night out grabbing drinks with friends ?
Great !
Live in Seattle ?
Not so great .
That ’s because at least 11 bar owners have received threatening letters saying patrons will be targeted with ricin poisoning .
Ingesting ricin generally is n’t fatal ( but it can be , especially if inhaled ) , but the castor bean concoction does n’t go well with a dirty martini , either .
Eleven gay bars in Seattle received letters today addressed to the “ Owner / Manager ” from someone claiming to be in the possession of ricin , a deadly poison .
“ Your establishment has been targeted , ” the letter begins .
“ I have in my possession approximately 67 grams of ricin with which I will indiscriminately target at least five of your clients . ”
“ I felt sick when I read it , ” said Carla , the owner / manager of Re-bar .
“ It ’s so vile .
It ’s just hatred .
It made me worry for all the other bars , and for my bartenders , and our clientele . ”
According to the CDC ’s website , someone who has ingested “ a significant amount ” will develop vomiting and diarrhea within the first 6 - 12 hours ; other symptoms of ricin poisoning include hallucinations , seizures , and blood in the urine .
There is no antidote for ricin but ricin exposure is not invariably fatal .
“ I just had the police come pick [ the letter ] up , ” said Keith Christensen , the manager of the Eagle , when reached by phone .
Christensen had already heard about the letter from other bar owners and managers , and so he did n’t open it .
“ It ’s probably nothing , ” Christensen added , “ but the economy is really screwing all the bars right now , and the last thing we need is something ramping up the not - go - out mode people seem to be in right now .
It ’s really freaky that someone would do something like this at a time like this . ”
eagle1-6-09.jpgChristensen says he ’s posted signs at the Eagle advising patrons not to leave their drinks unattended .
It gets sicker :
A Southern California man was charged Thursday with threatening a presidential candidate , for posting a racist note to a Yahoo message board in October expressing displeasure over Barack Obama 's candidacy , and predicting " he will have a 50 cal in the head soon . "
Walter Edward Bagdasarian , 47 , was found with an arsenal of six weapons when Secret Service agents raided his La Mesa home in November , according to court records ( .pdf ) .
He had three handguns and three rifles , including a 30.06 with a telescopic sight and a Remington .50 caliber muzzle - loading rifle .
Bagdasarian is not accused of actually plotting against Obama , and he was released last month on a $ 100,000 real estate bond .
Bagdasarian 's attorney did not return a phone call Friday .
The post in question showed up on a Yahoo Finance board on Oct. 22 , about two weeks before the election , under the handle " californiaradial . "
The message was titled " Shoot the nig . "
" County fkd for another 4 + years , what nig has done ANYTHING right ????
Long term ????
Never in history , except sambos . "
" Fk the niggar , he will have a 50 cal in the head soon , " the message concludes .
The message thread has been deleted by Yahoo , but traces in Google 's cache show that several other users announced that they were reporting californiaradial 's comments .
In subsequent posts , the author calls one critic a " crybaby , " but does offer an explanation for the apparent threat .
" I was drunk . "
U.S. Secret Service agents in Los Angeles traced the post to Bagdasarian through the IP address .
When they interviewed him , Bagdasarian reportedly admitted authoring the message .
The latest version of Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard seeded to developers is said to have included a few new hooks for developers .
One new feature that has been adopted from the iPhone is the inclusion of " CoreLocation " .
CoreLocation is a software framework that allows developers to identify its current latitude and longitude based on available information .
AppleInsider explains how it would work on Macs :
Since Macs do n't include GPS technology like the iPhone 3G , CoreLocation will utilize a Mac 's existing networking hardware to triangulate the system 's location in a manner similar to the way the original iPhone was able to use the technology to emulate a true global positioning signal .
Apple is also said to be including a new Multi- Touch framework that would allow developers to more easily support Apple 's Multi-Touch trackpads .
While some developers have taken advantage of Apple 's Multi-Touch trackpad , support has been sporadic .
For now , you can force banks to take money , but you can't force them to lend it .
Let 's explore this theory starting with a look at the Drama Behind a $ 250 Billion Banking Deal .
The chief executives of the nine largest banks in the United States trooped into a gilded conference room at the Treasury Department at 3 p.m. Monday .
To their astonishment , they were each handed a one - page document that said they agreed to sell shares to the government , then Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. said they must sign it before they left .
The chairman of JPMorgan Chase , Jamie Dimon , was receptive , saying he thought the deal looked pretty good once he ran the numbers through his head .
The chairman of Wells Fargo , Richard M. Kovacevich , protested strongly that , unlike his New York rivals , his bank was not in trouble because of investments in exotic mortgages , and did not need a bailout , according to people briefed on the meeting .
But by 6:30 , all nine chief executives had signed — setting in motion the largest government intervention in the American banking system since the Depression and retreating from the rescue plan Mr. Paulson had fought so hard to get through Congress only two weeks earlier .
What happened during those three and a half hours is a story of high drama and brief conflict , followed by acquiescence by the bankers , who felt they had little choice but to go along with the Treasury plan to inject $ 250 billion of capital into thousands of banks — starting with theirs .
In addition to the capital infusions , which will be made this week , the government said it would temporarily guarantee $ 1.5 trillion in new senior debt issued by banks , as well as insure $ 500 billion in deposits in noninterest - bearing accounts , mainly used by businesses .
All told , the potential cost to the government of the latest bailout package comes to $ 2.25 trillion , triple the size of the original $ 700 billion rescue package , which centered on buying distressed assets from banks .
The latest show of government firepower is an abrupt about - face for Mr. Paulson , who just days earlier was discouraging the idea of capital injections for banks .
The Treasury will receive preferred shares that pay a 5 percent dividend , rising to 9 percent after five years .
It will get warrants to purchase common shares , equivalent to 15 percent of its initial investment .
But the Treasury said it would not exercise its right to vote those common shares .
“ It was a take it or take it offer , ” said one person who was briefed on the meeting , speaking on condition of anonymity because the discussions were private .
“ Everyone knew there was only one answer . ”
Compelling Banks to Put New Cash to Work
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson persuaded nine major U.S. banks to accept $ 125 billion in government investment .
Getting them to lend it out may prove a tougher sell .
[ Mish note :
The other $ 125 billion goes to hundreds or thousands of smaller banks ]
" The truth of the matter is , they can't put a gun to their head and say you have to lend this money , " said Charles Horn , a former official at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , part of the Treasury Department , and now a partner at the Mayer Brown law firm in Washington .
Treasury officials acknowledge they can't force banks to get the taxpayer money into the hands of their customers .
Instead , officials are betting that the government 's investment will create conditions where banks have a greater incentive to earn profits from lending than to hoard money to shore up their balance sheets .
" It 's in their economic interest , " said David Nason , the Treasury 's assistant secretary for financial institutions , in an interview with Bloomberg Television .
Bazooka Theory
Self Preservation
Pretend Lending And LIBOR
Interview with Paul Kasriel
Mish :
Would you say that consumer debt in the US as opposed to the lack of consumer debt in Japan increases the deflationary pressures on the US economy ?
Kasriel : Yes , absolutely .
The latest figures that I have show that banks ' exposure to the mortgage market is at 62 % of their total earnings assets , an all time high .
If a prolonged housing bust ensues , banks could be in big trouble .
Mish :
What if Bernanke cuts interest rates to 1 percent ?
Kasriel :
In a sustained housing bust that causes banks to take a big hit to their capital it simply will not matter .
This is essentially what happened recently in Japan and also in the US during the great depression .
Mish : Can you elaborate ?
Kasriel : Most people are not aware of actions the Fed took during the great depression .
Bernanke claims that the Fed did not act strong enough during the great depression .
This is simply not true .
The Fed slashed interest rates and injected huge sums of base money but it did no good .
More recently , Japan did the same thing .
It also did no good .
If default rates get high enough , banks will simply be unwilling to lend which will severely limit money and credit creation .
Banks Unwilling To Lend
Texarkana - Lawsuits filed over the 2005 Union Pacific derailment , explosion and chemical leak in Texarkana include one case that claims a second person died as a result of the accident and others that seek damages for thousands of people .
A train from Chicago struck another train , from Pine Bluff , in the Union Pacific yard on the south side of the city , near the police station .
Some of the cars derailed in an accordion effect , piercing a propylene tanker that leaked part of its flammable cargo .
Officials said a small propane tank exploded .
Sixty - two - year - old Pearlie Mae Marshall died when the explosion destroyed her home .
A suit filed over Marshall 's death was settled for $ 2 million .
Other people complained of respiratory problems and hundreds of homes and a jail were evacuated .
One of the lawsuits names the family of Norma Sims as plaintiffs and alleges Sims died 10 days after the collision because of the fumes she inhaled .
Union Pacific says it has settled numerous suits by evacuees and is hoping to settle more .
“ Wasting Breath ” with US Bank Tower ’s Security Team
As we previously posted , a group of NPRO members set out this past Sunday to photograph Los Angeles ’s lovely downtown .
This area is notorious for its excessively vigilant security personnel , and we wanted to see if we could exercise our constitutional rights and shoot the array of skyscrapers freely and openly .
It turns out we could n’t .
As we began photographing the US Bank Tower at 633 W. 5th Street , managed by Maguire Properties , we were approached almost immediately by a Universal Protective Services ( UPS ) security guard , and soon there were six ( 6 ! ) .
We were told they would call the police and we would be arrested , that no pictures were allowed from their “ private sidewalk , ” that they actually owned the sidewalk , and that we were idiots and jerks who should quit asking questions .
The kicker is that , when Angelo of Hollywood politely explained photographers ’ rights to one of the UPS guards , he responded that that was just “ differing points of view . ”
Yeah … except that one viewpoint is about the law , and one is not .
Please Voice Your Concerns :
US Bank Tower
633 W 5th St .
Los Angeles , CA 90071
( 213 ) 615-6300
Man killed after his mobile phone explodes , severing an artery in his neck
A man chats on his mobile phone ( file photo ) .
A shop assistant has died in China after his mobile phone battery exploded in his pocket
A shopworker has died after his mobile phone exploded , severing a major artery in his neck .
It is believed that the 20 - year - old man had just finished charging the phone ’s battery before placing it in his breast pocket .
Police in Guangzhou , China , are investigating whether the phone was counterfeit .
The man , believed to be an employee at a computer shop in Guangzhou , China , died after putting a new battery in his phone .
Local Chinese daily Shin Min Daily
News reported that on January 30 at 7.30 pm a shop employee heard a loud bang - and saw her colleague lying on the floor in a pool of blood .
Alarmingly , local reports claimed the incident was the ninth recorded mobile phone explosion in China since 2002 .
In June 2007 welder Xiao Jinpeng , 22 , died from chest wounds when his own mobile exploded while at work at a mill .
A government inquiry said the phone 's lithium battery had exploded due to heat from the mill .
Also in 2007 a South Korean man was found dead in a quarry with a burning mobile phone stuck to his chest .
It was initially thought his phone had exploded , killing him .
However a co-worker later admitted to making the story up after he accidentally backed over the man in an excavator , pinning him to a rock and killing him .
Chinese media published advice for mobile phone users after the explosions , including :
● Always use original batteries
● Never modify your phone
● Always use original battery chargers
● Do not expose your mobile phone to high temperatures
● Avoid exposing it to direct sunlight
● Avoid long phone conversations
● Do not make or answer calls when the phone is charging
● Try to keep your phone in a bag instead of in a pocket
● Do not use damaged batteries .
The Public Library Renaissance
Fewer people bought books , CD’s , and DVD ’s in 2008 than in the year before .
The number of moviegoers and concertgoers shrank last year , too , though rising ticket prices in both cases offset declining sales .
Theater attendance , overall , is also down .
We usually hear about these declines in isolation .
But taken together , they seem to suggest that cultural pursuits across the board are on the decline .
Indeed , if nobody seems to be out buying books , movies , and music , what are they doing with their leisure time instead ?
Apparently : going to the library .
The Boston Globe reports that public libraries around the country are posting double - digit percentage increases in circulation and new library - card applications :
Checkouts of books , CD’s , and DVD ’s are up 15 percent at the main library in Modesto , Calif .
In Boulder , Colo. , circulation of job - hunting materials is up 14 percent .
Usage of the Newark Public Library in New Jersey is up 17 percent .
Library - card requests have increased 27 percent in the last half of 2008 in San Francisco .
The Boise Public Library reported a 61 percent increase in new library cards in 2008 .
In Brantley County , Ga. , library computer usage was up 26 percent in the last quarter .
Dubner has wondered whether public libraries could be invented today if they did n’t already exist , and we ’ve blogged about how museum attendance dwarfs major - league sports game attendance .
As consumer spending recedes in the face of the credit crisis , will libraries become more popular than shopping malls as a destination ?
Maybe it ’s time to ask your local librarian when she ’s planning to install the food court .
There have been an increasing number of police departments allowing their officers to draw blood samples from motorists under suspicion of a DUI / DWI .
This takes place on the roadside as opposed to a hospital where there are trained medical professionals .
It seems like a recipe for disaster to allow officers to do blood draws when they do not have adequate medical training .
This has proven true in Arizona recently where a lawsuit has been filed to stop this practice .
According to Scripps News , a man developed a persistent infection at the site of a blood draw administered by a Pima County sheriff ’s deputy .
He has filed what is believed to be the first claim in Arizona against the practice , which could put local taxpayers on the hook for any damages .
Arizona law requires that drunken driving suspects submit to a test or lose their license for a year and it ’s the officer ’s choice , not the driver ’s , whether to use a breath or a blood test .
Having officers draw blood has become more common recently because it makes it more difficult for people to defend themselves against DUI / DWI charges .
Breathalyzers have proven to be wildly inaccurate and do n’t hold up well in court so blood tests have become a more appealing option legally .
But when dealing with a medical procedure like a blood draw , the focus should be on the well - being of the individual and not making sure the District Attorney can get a conviction .
Officers without adequate medical training should not be playing around with people ’s health , no matter the legal ramifications .
News Source
SITATUNGA CALF BORN AT MARYLAND ZOO IN BALTIMORE FARING WELL
BALTIMORE , MD – The Maryland Zoo in Baltimore is happy to report that its newest arrival – a male sitatunga born on January 9 - is doing well and keeping snug in the barn with his mother .
The calf , named “ Jelani ” which means “ mighty , ” weighs over 11 pounds , and is strong and healthy .
His parents are four - year - old Jahari and ten - year - old Joanie .
Joanie is an experienced mother , and she is very attentive to the calf ’s needs .
Zoo visitors will be able to see Joanie and Jelani in March when the Zoo opens for the 2009 season along with the rest of the herd .
The sitatunga ( Tragelaphus spekii ) is a species of antelope native to Central Africa .
They live in semi-aquatic swamps , marshes and flood plains .
The Maryland Zoo ’s sitatunga herd is made up of six animals , including Jelani , and can be found along the boardwalk in the Africa section of the Zoo.
Jelani ’s birth is the result of a recommendation from the Sitatunga Population Management Plan ( PMP ) coordinated by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums ( AZA ) .
PMPs provide breeding recommendations to maximize genetic diversity , with the goal of ensuring the long - term survival of the captive population and the health of individual animals .
The AZA Small Population Management Advisory Group ( SPMAG ) at the Lincoln Park Zoo in Chicago helps to develop breeding recommendations for the advancement of sitatunga in AZA - accredited zoos .
The Ferrari F430 is one of the most eye catching cars ever made and Hamann Motorsport makes it stand out from the crowd with their special tuning kit .
The called this Ferrari “ Black Miracle ” and even though it ’s not red it will surely turn a lot of heads .
The car looks like it ’s covered in velvet and the black matte paint could receive red , orange or yellow additions which create a brilliant contrast .
Hamann made a new aerodynamic kit with a lot of elements from motorsports .
The front spoiler minimize front axle buoyancy and the wide panel wings lower the car and makes it look more aggressive .
For the rear part of this Ferrari , the car tuning company installed a diffuser and a powerful rear wing which provide more downthurst and improves the car ’s aerodynamics a lot .
The finished aerodynamic parts are painted in red , orange or yellow as well as the side mirrors , brake calipers and the engine cover framing .
This Ferrari also received tinted rear lights , dark tinted windows , bi-colored leather furnishings and a new set of wheels finished in the color of the aerodynamic components .
Probably the most interesting modification for this “ Black Miracle ” was achieved by installing new wing doors built by the car tuners .
This Ferrari also received a power boost of 50HP which improves the car ’s performances through new metronic programming included in the rear silencer and a new sport catalyst .
The driving pleasure is also better after Hamann installed new suspension springs which brings the F430 lower to the ground and it makes it move with more agility .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Everyone knows the crash of 2008 was caused by financial deregulation except Thomas E. Woods , who blames financial regulation , in the shape of the Federal Reserve .
Wood 's new book , " Meltdown : A Free Market Look At Why the Stock Market Collapsed , the Economy Tanked and Government Bailouts Will Make Things Worse " ( Regnery ) , has just made it to the New York Times best - seller list without the benefit of any major reviews .
That 's par for the course for Woods , a fellow of the Auburn , Ala . - based Ludwig von Mises Institute , advocates of " Austrian economics , " a particularly embattled faction of free market economists -- all of whom are pretty embattled , or out of fashion , right now .
The Austrian school argues that business cycles are driven by central banks keeping interest rates too low , expanding credit and encouraging uneconomic investments , creating an unsustainable boom , inevitably followed by a bust .
That 's what happened here , says Woods , most recently with the Fed 's multiple interest rate cuts to stave off the 2000 - 2002 slowdown .
Certainly debt levels had reached historic highs before the crash .
( See June 1 , 2008 column ) .
Woods argues the crash of 2008 was a perfect storm .
Other elements included immense government pressure on mortgage lenders to loosen standards and make loans to questionably credit - worthy but politically favored demographic groups ; and securitization , which spread the effects of bad mortgage lending around the world .
Recovery from even serious business cycle downturns can be swift , says Woods , citing the almost - forgotten 1920 - 1921 slump .
But that 's because the federal government did not step in .
It allowed excesses to correct themselves .
In contrast , the federal government did step in after 1929 , as Japan 's government did in a similar downturn after 1990 .
Result , according to Woods : the Great Depression in the U.S. ; 18 years of stagnation in Japan .
If Woods is right , public policy is on exactly the wrong course right now in trying to sustain demand and asset prices , just as it was in the early years of the Depression .
Ironically , this wrong course is bipartisan .
Both Hebert Hoover and George W. Bush , Woods notes , were highly interventionist presidents just like their successors , contrary to myth .
Woods ' cheerful prediction : prolonged stagnation , eventual inflation and an even bigger collapse .
Nobody wants to hear this argument , least of all Wall Street , which has benefitted enormously from the boom and now appears to be benefiting ( some of it ) from the bust .
I 've argued before that a second Pujo Committee is needed to look into some of the suspect stuff that 's gone on .
( See Sept. 29 , 2008 column )
Of course , you have to be careful .
The Pujo Committee led to the creation of the Federal Reserve .
I do have a couple of questions about Woods ' work :
Why did n't this decade 's credit expansion show up in consumer price inflation ?
( Wood 's suggestion : something similar happened in the 1920s .
Expansionary monetary policy met a supply surge -- just like the recent falling price of computer power -- resulting in apparently stable prices . )
What about the U.S. dollar - Chinese yuan peg ?
Arguably , China 's determination to keep its currency underpriced relative to the dollar has been a statist intervention in the global economy to match that of the Fed in the U.S. domestic economy .
( See Oct. 19 , 2006 column )
China 's motive may be " exchange - rate mercantilism " -- maximizing its manufacturing capacity rather than living standards .
Washington 's complaisance may be because China buys U.S. Treasury bonds , thus bankrolling federal government spending ( while bankrupting U.S. manufacturers ) .
Yet it could strengthen his case -- an undervalued yuan would have meant lower import prices , which would have masked inflation by keeping U.S. consumer prices low .
This is the design that the Administrator in the comics was based on .
Valve saw this design and bought it from Makani .
Without this design , the Administrator / Announcer as we know her would not exist .
Just look at the date .
This was posted in 2008 , and the first appearance of the Administrator in the comics was in 2009 .
Also , you write like an idiot .
Chris Floyd Published : 20 February 2009 Hits : 10452
( UPDATED BELOW . )
I was in the process of writing a piece on Joan Walsh 's remarkable review of " The Gamble " -- the latest book by Thomas Ricks , in which the intrepid Washington Post reporter hooks up ( in just about every sense of that phrase ) with General David " Ovalbound " Petraeus , to explain just how Ovalbound and his inner circle pretty much " won " the Iraq War single - handedly with the great " surge " -- when I found that Justin Raimondo was already on the case , and had covered it well .
So I 'll just weave in a few bits of my unfinished post with excerpts from his analysis of what is , as he says , a very emblematic article by one of the leading progressive progressivists of our bold new progressivistic era .
Raimondo writes :
... Walsh suddenly discovers that the " surge " in Iraq was a success , and berates herself for ever having opposed it .
General Petraeus , the architect of the Bush administration 's newly aggressive – albeit " smart " – strategy , is portrayed as an heroic innovator , who ignored liberal critics like herself – and MoveOn.org , to whom she delivers a gentle slap for famously calling him " General Betray - us . "
Against all these liberal voices , Petraeus , she avers , went on to achieve an " inspiring " victory over the forces of Darkness in Iraq .
Walsh contrasts a picture of an " incompetent " war , waged by Bushian " knaves and buffoons , " to one that deserves admiration if not quite whole - hearted support on account of the men who lead it ....
Raimondo then zeroes in on one of Walsh 's truly astounding assertions :
In any case , you have a " responsibility " to read the Ricks book , Walsh avers , in order to " have some of your prejudices challenged . "
It 's a " prejudice , " you see – not a considered opinion – that the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan should never have been launched to begin with , no matter how " smart " the strategy employed nor how " inspiring ' the leadership .
The Petraeus clique , we are told , was " appalled " by Abu Ghraib and other abuses , because it widened the insurgency and backfired in our faces : perhaps their objections did n't quite attain the high moral tone of liberal concerns , but , heck , the result was the same .
In any event , Petraeus and his co-thinkers launched " their own insurgency , " says Walsh , to wrest " control of the disastrous war as it spiraled out of control in 2006 . "
Heaven forfend that the Americans should lose control of their conquered province – or of anything , for that matter .
Liberal , conservative , left or right , when you 're talking about America , it really makes no difference – Yankee arrogance is a well - nigh universal trait no matter where one sits on the political spectrum .
To be fair , Walsh does note , way down in her review , that the downturn ( or , following the brilliant rhetoric of our vice president , Joe Biden , should we not say " downtick " ? ) in violence in occupied Iraq was due in large part to the American tactic of bribing and arming violent sectarian gangs and giving them chunks of territory to lord over , as an alternative to their previous practice of , well , killing Americans .
This tactic , of course , had nothing to do with the so - called " surge " plan hatched in the bowels of that neocon chicken coop , the American Enterprise Institute -- which Walsh reluctantly praises for its surge plans which " healed " Iraq .
She writes :
I remember making fun of AEI 's color - coded , Google - mapped surge sales brochure back in 2006 , as well as its " neighborhood watch " approach to pacifying Iraq .
It was tough for me to believe that one set of plans hatched at AEI destroyed Iraq , while another might begin to heal it .
As Raimondo notes with understandable agogacity :
MoveOn is dissed as a collection of ill - mannered malcontents , while AEI , the War Party 's high command , is praised as a bastion of healers .
The mind reels .
Not since the breaking of the Hitler - Stalin pact , and the overnight transformation of America 's fellow travelers from opponents of war to brazen jingoes , have we seen the likes of this .
And even Walsh 's acknowledgement of the central role played by the " bribes and bullets for local warlords " gambit ignores other major , non-surge - related factors in the downtick .
For instance , the completion of the American - abetted Sunni-Shia civil war , which saw " ethnic cleansing " on a scale that made , say , the Serbia - Kosovo imbroglio or the conflict in Northern Ireland look like a family reunion ; and the part played by Iran in backing the American - installed Iraqi government – which is , of course , now run by long - time clients and dependents of Iran .
In other words , the violence has abated to a degree – a degree that still makes Iraq one of the deadliest places on earth – because so many people had already been killed and displaced that there were fewer people to kill and displace , and because the Americans bribed one set of antagonists to quit the battlefield and the Iranians helped tamp down internal violence , especially a potentially catastrophic intra-Shiite conflict between their Green Zone clients and the Mahdi Army .
There was also the American use of death squads , hit teams and " extrajudicial assassinations , " as Bob Woodward reported – and lauded – last year .
All of these developments that had nothing at all to do with the deployment of 30,000 extra troops that constituted the " surge . "
A lot of this very recent history was reported in detail in the pages of Walsh 's own internet magazine , Salon.com , but perhaps Ricks ' tale of heroic generals finally getting it " right " in Iraq has effaced Salon 's institutional memory .
There is also the fact that Obama himself has declared the surge a success " beyond our wildest dreams . "
So this new reality proclaimed by the Leader must be accomodated somehow , even as Walsh tries hard to qualify and shade her reluctant acceptance of the " fact " that the " surge – sort of – won . "
In the end , Walsh does not go all the way with Ricks , who reaches this conclusion in his book :
" Even as security improved in Iraq in 2008 , I found myself consistently saddened by the war , not just by its obvious costs to Iraqis and Americans , but also by the incompetence and profligacy with which the Bush administration conducted much of it .
Yet I also came to believe that we can't leave . "
Here again we see a constant refrain of the American political and media establishments , even – or especially –from the " progressive " quadrants of those rarefied precincts : the great sadness at how incompetent the Bush Administration was in its conduct of the war .
As if it would somehow have been better if this putrid , criminal , evil act of mass murder had been carried out more competently , more efficiently !
Oh , does n't it just make you sad to think of the incompetence and proligacy with which the Hitler administration conducted much of its war ?
Is n't it tragic that they did n't do it better , that they did n't have generals like David Petraeus to finally get it " right " ?
Walsh says she still can't quite accept Ricks ' parroting of Petaeus ' ideas of continuing the war in more or less its present form until 2015 or beyond .
But as Raimondo notes :
Yet before she 's done the very concept of withdrawal begins to blur , in her mind , as it will in the minds of countless Obama - ites who will defend this administration ‘ til the cows come home :
" Appraising the difference between my conclusions and Ricks ' at the end of ‘ The Gamble , ' I found myself thinking about the old adage
Where you stand depends on where you sit . '
Ricks spent a lot of time sitting in ( and courageously running around ) Iraq and American military bases , admiring and respecting the courage and intelligence of the men and women who 've turned this mess around as best they can , and he understandably does n't want their work to be in vain .
I 'm sitting in my office in California , where teachers and other public workers are facing furloughs and layoffs , and poverty , homelessness and crime are on the rise .
So I still want troops out of Iraq as soon as possible .
But reading this well - reported book may have changed even my notion of what that means . "
Walsh may be for getting out of Iraq , but she considers this a " prejudice " – after all , where you stand depends on where you sit .
Everything 's relative .
Ricks may be right , for all we know .
Why , did n't AEI 's plan for the surge turn out to be " healing " ?
And what does getting out of Iraq really mean , anyway ?
As Walsh puts it : " A lot depends on the meaning of ‘ leave ' – as well as on the meaning of the term ‘ combat troops . ' "
No , Walsh can't quite accept the idea of an open - ended occupation ( not yet anyway ) – although she does quote , with evident approval ( or at least no sign of disapproval ) , Ricks ' regurgitation of another revolting trope one often hears from Team Obama and the progressive progressivists : that the shiftless , no - good Iraqis are ungratefully refusing to take advantage of the marvelous opportunity that America has given them by invading their country for no reason , destroying its social and physical infrastructure , introducing widespread terrorism and savage civil conflict , driving four million people from their homes , and killing a million innocent people :
" It is not too much to say that American troops were dying to give Iraqi politicians the chance to find a way forward [ Ricks writes ] -- but that it was n't clear if Iraqi politicians wanted that chance . "
Those ingrates .
The gall of these sand monkeys , eh , dithering around , squabbling , playing political games -- in between burying their dead -- and refusing to , say , pass a proper oil law that nice white people had drawn up for them back in Washington and Houston !
No , one must sadly admit that just as the healers at AEI were right after all , it looks like the poor Iraqi natives are just not " serious " enough to be worthy of America 's benevolence .
So if it turns out that Obama decides -- with the wise counsel of the courageous and intelligent men and women who 've turned this mess around -- that we must stay on longer in Iraq , with far more troops , than he originally planned , in order to help these poor ignorant savages get back on their feet , then we must support this decision , and not give way to our silly " prejudice " against mass murder and military aggression .
It 's the progressive thing to do .
UPDATE : By the way , this is what " turning this thing around " in Iraq looks like .
This is the victory won by General Petraeus and the healers at AEI .
From Dahr Jamail at Antiwar.com :
BAGHDAD – " We only want a normal life , " says Um Qasim , sitting in a bombed out building in Baghdad .
She and others around have been saying that for years .
Um Qasim lives with 13 family members in a brick shanty on the edge of a former military intelligence building in the Mansoor district of Baghdad .
Five of her children are girls .
Homelessness is not easy for anyone , but it is particularly challenging for women and girls .
" Me and my girls have to be extra careful living this way , " Um Qasim told IPS .
" We are tired of always being afraid , because any day , any time , strange men walk through our area , and there is no protection for us .
Each day brings a new threat to us , and all the women here . "
She rarely leaves her area , she says .
Nor do her girls , for fear of being kidnapped or raped .
" I do n't like being afraid all the time , " says one of Um Qasim 's daughters .
" But my mother tells us to always be careful , and I can see her fear , so it scares me . "
The compound , which was the headquarters of former dictator Saddam Hussein 's son Qusay Hussein , was heavily damaged by U.S. air strikes during the invasion in March 2003 .
Buildings like this became shelters for thousands displaced then and later .
In all 135 families , about 750 people , live in this compound ....
The bombed building is in a state of total disrepair .
Concrete blocks hang precariously from metal bars , many ceilings are partially collapsed , and all of the outer walls are gone .
There is no water , no electricity , no sewage , and no garbage disposal .
Piles of garbage , diapers , decaying food scraps and human excrement are scattered around the area .
" We have no water , no money , and no work , " says Ahmed Hussein , 15 .
" How can a human live in this misery ?
We are so tired . "
... Last month the government decided to evict all people who have been squatting in government buildings or on government land since the invasion .
Local NGOs estimate that more than 250,000 squatters live on the streets or in such shelters all over Baghdad ....
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
It 's not easy to make a buck in the banking business nowadays .
Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) , Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) and Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) revealed last month that they lost billions in the latest quarter , as the U.S. economic climate worsened .
Weary of their abysmal results , attacks from shareholders and the watchful eye of regulators , banks are now thinking long and hard about how they do business .
Some industry analysts predict that more financial institutions will move back towards the traditional business of taking in deposits and using that money to make loans .
" It is back to basics , " said Anton Schutz , president of Mendon Capital Advisors , a firm that invests in financial stocks .
" Basic banking will prove very profitable . "
Banks keeping more loans on their books
While the migration back to traditional banking may seem sensible given the current economic climate , some banks , particularly the larger financial institutions , may do so almost out of necessity .
The securitization market is at a near standstill .
So banks that originated loans and later packaged them together as securities to sell to investors are now having to hold the loans on their books .
That has forced banks to be a bit more conservative .
But if banks keep more loans , they are also going to need more capital on hand in the future .
There have been calls from industry experts and policy groups like the Group of 30 , a non-profit think tank chaired by former Federal Reserve governor Paul Volcker , for regulators to raise capital requirements for banks .
Under current rules , banks are required to keep their so - called Tier 1 capital ratio - a key measure of its ability to absorb losses - above 6 % .
Some analysts suspect the bar could be raised to 8 % , given how desperately many of the nation 's largest financial institutions are trying to hold onto capital in the current crisis .
However , some experts fear that a more cautious approach by banks will have consequences for borrowers .
Eric Hovde , chief executive of Hovde Capital Advisors LLC , a money - management firm in Washington that focuses on the financial services sector , anticipates that banks will continue to take a hard look at who they lend to attempt to compensate their risk in the future by charging a premium .
" Rates are going to go up across the board , " he said .
" If you are a subprime or even Alt - A type credit , you are not going to get credit unless it is at very usurious rates . "
But Sam Golden , head of the Financial Industry Advisory Services Group at Alvarez & Marsal , who also served as the former ombudsman of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , said that the packaging and selling of loans by banks wo n't go away altogether since it helps spread out the risk for banks and also provides liquidity for the broader financial system .
" I think the overall model philosophically is not a bad model , " he said .
" But I think there will be in some case a permanent abandoning of crazy kinds of [ investment ] products . "
End of era for big banking ?
Many are already betting that 2009 will be a pivotal year for the nation 's banks .
More banks are expected to disappear -- either through outright failure or by selling to a rival .
At the same time , there is a sense that Congress and the White House will make greater demands on banks after the government rescued pockets of the industry from collapse last year .
Industry groups like the American Bankers Association are hoping that regulators take a hard look at what they believe to be the drivers behind bank losses , particularly current accounting standards that require banks to mark the value of their assets to market prices .
But many suspect that lawmakers will , at some point , craft legislation that will levy more regulation on the industry .
There is also the fear that regulators could push some of the nation 's largest financial institutions to break up into smaller pieces .
The sheer size of some of these companies placed the broader financial system in jeopardy more than once during the current crisis , and regulators had to make tough decisions on which companies were deemed too big to fail .
Some banks are already moving in this direction .
Last month , Citigroup unveiled plans to split into two distinct entities , effectively bringing an end to its financial services " supermarket " model .
Others have argued that large financial institutions like Citigroup and peers such as JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) should be restricted from indulging in risky businesses like hedge funds and private equity .
In its report last month , the Group of 30 suggested just that , adding that regulators rein in big banks ' proprietary trading business , or investments made with the firm 's own money .
Should regulators push hard on shrinking the nation 's big banks in the coming years , Citigroup and Bank of America would most certainly be among the leading candidates .
" These companies have gotten too big and too cumbersome , " said Hovde .
" They are too big to manage . "
Vida Guerra ( born March 19 , 1974 ) is a Cuban - born American model , actress , and singer .
Her first notable appearance was in the U.S. edition of FHM magazine in December 2002 ; since then , she has modeled for many other men 's magazines .
Born in Havana , Cuba , Guerra fled to the United States with her family via boat soon after , ending up in the town of Perth Amboy , New Jersey .
While growing up , she entered several fashion shows modeling swim wear , and appeared in a few music videos
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
This giant stringray has smashed the world record for the biggest freshwater fish ever caught using a rod .
British angler Ian Welch tussled with the monster ray for 90 minutes to secure it and then 13 men had to be recruited to heave it out of the water .
The massive 55 stone ( or 771 lbs ) stingray is almost five times the weight of freshwater biologist Ian ( 11.5 stone ) .
Its body was 7ft long and 7ft wide and its tail measured 10 ft .
Its lethal venomous barb had to be wrapped in cloth while it was out of the water .
The previous world record was held by a 646 lbs catfish caught in 2005 .
Ian was helping with a stingray tagging programme in Thailand when he discovered the enormous specimen deep in the Maeklong River and used a Snakehead fish as bait to snare it .
“ It dragged me across the boat and would have pulled me in had my colleague not grabbed my trousers - it was like the whole earth had just moved .
I knew it was going to a big one , " the 45 - year - old said .
" It buried itself on the bottom and the main fight was trying to get it off the floor .
" I tried with every ounce of power but it just would not budge .
After half an hour my arms began shaking and after an hour my legs went .
" Another 30 minutes went by and then I put a glove on and physically pulled the line with gritted teeth and somehow I found the reserves to shift the fish . "
Once the stingray - which turned out to be female and pregnant - was off the bottom , Ian , from Aldershot , Hants , managed to lift it 30ft to the surface relatively easily .
" As soon as we saw it there was just silence because everyone was just in awe of this thing , " he said .
" That line from the film Jaws came to mind about needing a bigger boat because we had to get it to the shore to tag it . "
Afterwards Ian and the team released the stingray .
The group managed to put a 12ft wide net under the fish and towed it to the bank .
Ian added : " It took 13 people to lift it into a large paddling pool we had set up in order to tag it and take DNA samples .
" I was absolutely exhausted afterwards and did very little for the rest of the day and just
had a cold beer .
" As a life - long angler and a biologist it is great that my two passions have come together and culminated in something I could only have dreamed of . "
The giant freshwater stingray is listed as a vulnerable species on the International Union for Conservation of Nature 's red list .
Although its numbers are unknown , experts believe the population has dwindled by 20 per cent over the last 10 years , making the possibility of extinction extremely high .
See the world 's largest snake and other oversized animals
In the face of my very scientifically brilliant co-bloggers , this post might seem ridonkulously dumb , but this problem has been weighing heavy on my mind , and I 'm trying to work it out .
My neighbors and I once shared a community garden in Los Feliz .
It was a small space in the back of our building that had once been filled with trash , broken furniture , and decades of rotting cigarette filters .
We decided to pool our resources and plant a garden .
We salvaged some drawers from a broken bureau and grabbed some wine boxes from the local liquor store to repurpose as makeshift planters .
Over time , we refinished a picnic table , purchased a barbecue grill , and ran electricity out to the patio and hung Christmas lights along the ivy on the back wall so we could actually see each other after sunset .
Normally , my friends are the product of a shared common ground in ideals , beliefs , and hair care products .
Neighbor - friends are solely the product of shared geography , and they are therefore more likely to shock the shit out of me with firmly held ideas and beliefs that I find bizarre , and sometimes physically harmful .
For example , there was the time I woke to find a dirty hippie standing in the hall outside my apartment door with a cooler full of raw bison liver , promising to cure my neighbor ’s Lyme Disease , naturally .
Enraged , I glared at the crunchy bastard as he took her last $ 70 as she melted against the wall in exhaustion , having given up her antibiotics due to a weird distrust of “ western medicine . ”
Eventually , she tried exorcism ( to which my only reply was , “ Uh , do n’t you have to be Catholic for that ? ” because seriously , what else can you say ? ) , but that did n’t work any better than the mystical healing meat .
She ’s okay , now .
Back on the antibiotics , and thriving .
But if I see the hippie and his cooler of magic meat ever again , I ’m going to punch him in the throat and drown him in disinfectant .
Jerk .
But aside from the rare - meat life - threatening stuff , most of my magic / god / meat - cure social problems are etiquette - based .
What exactly is the polite response when someone at a dinner party asks , “ What ’s your sign ?
I bet you ’re a Taurus ! ”
The last time this question came up was at birthday celebration with my neighbors , at the bottom of the third bottle of wine at a tapas bar .
After listening thoughtfully to my dinner companions each explain how they were like their signs , it was my turn to answer .
I said , “ You do realize that Jupiter and some random stars have no effect at all on you , right ?
I mean , why is it that you ’re protected from the magical personality rays of the constellations when you ’re buried a few inches deep in flesh and fat , but the second you come screaming out of your mom , the magical personality rays pierce through the brick , mortar , insulation , tile , and electrical wiring of to the third floor maternity ward of the hospital in which you have emerged to touch you with the magical essence of “ Taurus , ” you stubborn little baby bull ! ”
I am a bummer at parties .
No one was any more skeptical of astrology , and I ended up looking like the big jerk I actually am .
So I ’m trying to develop a personal etiquette code for situations such as this .
I consulted Jillian Venters of Gothic Charm School to help me with a skeptic ’s etiquette plan , and presented her with my current options :
Question :
What ’s your sign ?
I bet you ’re a Taurus !
Response Options :
AWKWARD AND POLITE : “ Aries , I guess .
I do n’t believe in astrology , so , um , how ‘ bout those Mets ? ” SNARKY AND SATISFYING : “ What ’s your religion ?
I bet you ’re an Episcopalian ! ” ITCHING FOR AN UGLY END TO DINNER : “ You know that astrology is horseshit , right ?
What are you , a moron ? ” OMG U R SO WEIRD : ( I make up my own “ sign , ” stringing together random celestial objects )
“ I ’m a Boötesian , with Pleiades rising .
I am so totally fucked this week because Haumea is in retrograde .
Stupid Kuiper Belt .
I wish they had never discovered it . ”
“ Personally , I 'd got with a combination of 1 , 2 , and 4 , because I 'm wacky that way , ” says Jilli .
“ I have friends who believe LOTS of things I do n't , and ... I guess I try to honor other people 's crazy and quirks the way I 'd like them to honor mine .
So I 'd probably say , ‘ I do n't believe in astrology ’ , and if they pushed the subject I 'd counter with , ‘ Look , I really do n't believe in it , and nothing you say is going to change my mind .
Let 's not talk about it . ’ ”
“ Of course , knowing me , I 'd probably go on to talk about it , and try and get them to explain to me WHY they believe .
Because , y'know , people are freaky and interesting , even if I privately think some of their beliefs are whackaloon . ”
Jillian ’s point here is a good one .
People really ARE freaky and interesting , and I ’d hate to pass up an opportunity to do my own personal sociological study on freakiness .
Perhaps I can apply for some sort of research grant .
Both the Lady of the Manners and I ended up agreeing that option # 4 was the best , not for any particular etiquette reason , but because it ’s weirdly zany and charming .
Sometimes it ’s best to answer Crazy Talk with more Crazy Talk .
The key is to sound sincere .
There ’s a thin line between cleverly ironic and smarmy assholishness .
But it is n’t just astrology where I find myself on the edge of turning an otherwise pleasant conversation into prison riot .
A friend I genuinely care about once spent $ 700 on astral - projection classes .
It ’s not just astrology conversations where I feel awkward and left out .
One of my neighbors joined me for a drink one night and launched into an excited explanation of astral - projection .
She had spent close to a grand on classes and had her first out - of - body experience .
I have no poker face .
None .
It ’s not that she did n’t have the money for such things , she makes plenty of dough and could just have easily spent it on new shoes without hurting her savings account .
But she wanted to talk about this revelation , and my response was , “ Sweetie , you had a hallucination .
You paid a ridiculous sum of money to have a hallucination .
You can get a bag of ‘ shrooms for a tenth of what you just spent , and had enough cash left over to buy new shoes , too ! ”
This devolved into an argument on the “ science ” of astral - projection , and she swore that she has read many studies on how it is a fact , A FACT , that one ’s mind can ski on out of one ’s body and , I dunno , look up ladies ’ skirts on the escalator at the mall .
The end result was that I promised to eat the full contents of my cat ’s litter box if any of these “ studies ” could be repeated in an independent laboratory .
Gah .
I hope that never happens .
I ’m really lazy about cleaning the litter box .
Once again , I turned to Jilli for an appropriate response to , “ I just spent a grand on an astral projection class and had my first out - of - body experience ! ”
“ Yeah , I guess congratulations would be in order , ” says Jilli .
“ And then probably an attempt to change the subject , because if you do n't , the person will probably gush enthusiastically at you all about the astral projection class , and then you 're stuck with nodding a lot and biting your tongue . ”
Jilli ’s advice is different if the friend in question is actually going into debt on such things :
“ Sit down with them privately and say ‘ Look , I understand you 're seeking something , but I am worried about you being duped out of money and self - esteem that you should n't lose ’ .
Try to explain why you 're concerned , and maybe give them suggestions of other ways they can seek out answers without dropping huge amounts of cash ?
Most public libraries have a pretty good metaphysical / occult / New Age / spooky - pants section , and I would * strongly * encourage someone to investigate all of that before spending huge amounts of money for someone to hand enlightenment to them . ”
Disclaimer : I ’m not talking about when someone you love has just spent their retirement savings on a handful of magic beans .
That sort of thing is n’t about etiquette , it ’s about intervention .
People who drain their bank accounts trying to attain access to magic have a problem akin to gambling , and I ’m not equating random frivolous trips to a palm reader with taking out a second mortgage to gain “ clarity ” at the Scientology center on Sunset .
My neighbor Michelle is one of my most favorite people .
She brings me soup when I am sick , feeds my cat when I am out of town , and is otherwise a wonderful friend .
She ’s also ridiculously superstitious and quickly falls prey to any scam that promises to cleanse her body of toxins or clarify her soul .
I steer her away from things like Kinoki Foot Pads and The Secret , and she cuts my hair for free .
Michelle is convinced a ghost is turning the lights on and off in her kitchen .
Michelle sees ghosts and troubled spirits in every electrical problem and broken radio .
I once told her that the sun will eventually go all red giant and scorch all evidence of humanity off the planet , and what will the ghosts do then ?
Haunt the ashes ?
Wo n’t that be really lame for the ghosts ?
She laughs at me , and I laugh at her , and then we start making supper out in the community garden , tossing fresh asparagus in lemon juice and garlic .
“ But dude !
An OLD LADY DIED in that apartment ! ” she exclaims .
“ DUDE !
Something like SEVENTY BILLION PEOPLE died since the dawn of humanity .
An OLD LADY DIED EVERYWHERE ! ” I holler .
Then we laugh again .
I ’m never going to convince her that her ghost is crappy wiring , and she ’s never going to convince me that the dead return to life just to fuck with the ambient lighting schemes of aging hipsters like us .
These differences in beliefs do n’t matter to me , really .
Not in the grand scheme of a friendship with someone who comforts me when I ’m going bananas , and genuinely cares for me .
Michelle is my only wacky - belief friend who has ever asked why I do n’t believe in god , astral - projection , ghosts , or kinoki foot pads , and it is one of the many reasons why I love her .
Sometimes I think Michelle needs to believe in the supernatural , because she does n’t really know how much there actually IS of the natural world to be dazzled by .
No faith is required , just your own two eyes to see and hands to feel .
I told her that the universe is wonderful enough on its own .
Space , stars , planets , black holes , galaxies , suns .
The fact that out of all the elemental soup , people like us have evolved to walk and talk and create art , music , white wine , patent leather stacked mary jane shoes , Cocoa Puffs cereal , truck nutz , chocolate chip cookies , surf boards , and the Neiman Marcus cosmetics department is AMAZING .
All by itself .
Saying , “ god did it ” is heartbreaking .
It pisses on the sheer wonderousness of it all , you know ?
I do n’t need more .
The universe does n’t need to be imbued with the mystical to make it “ more ” special .
It ’s like salting a pot of soup in someone else ’s kitchen without permission .
It ’s awfully presumptuous , and , well , more than a little rude .
by JENNY HOPE
Last updated at 21:18 16 February 2007
Women who claim to be victims of ' date - rape ' drugs such as Rohypnol have in fact been rendered helpless by binge - drinking , says a study by doctors .
They found no evidence that any woman seeking help from emergency doctors because their drinks were allegedly spiked had actually been given these drugs .
Around one in five tested positive for recreational drugs while two - thirds had been drinking heavily .
The findings further erode the theory that there is widespread use of Rohypnol and GHB , another drug said to be favoured by predatory rapists .
Last month a personal safety campaigner claimed that Rohypnol had never been used to assist a sexual assault in the UK .
Doctors carrying out the latest study at the Wrexham Maelor Hospital said it was far more likely women were claiming their drinks had been spiked as an " excuse " for binge - drinking .
The 12 - month study was based on 75 patients - mostly women - treated in casualty who told doctors their drinks had been tampered with in pubs or clubs .
But tests for drugs such as Rohypnol , GHB and ketamine found nothing , says the study published in the Emergency Medicine Journal .
It showed 65 per cent of women had 160 mg of alcohol in their blood - twice the 80mg drink / drive limit - and a quarter were three times over the limit .
Although all the patients denied taking drugs such as cocaine and amphetamine , one fifth tested positive .
Researcher Dr Hywel Hughes , an associate specialist in A&E said : " This study confirmed our suspicion that most of the patients with suspected drink - spiking would test negative for drugs .
No ketamine , GHB or Rohypnol was found in the samples which suggest they are not commonly used to spike drinks .
" There has been a lot of media coverage in recent years , mainly focusing on just a few substances including Rohypnol and GHB , which has led to the perception that drinkspiking is a widespread practice .
But most patients allegedly having a spiked drink tested negative for drugs misuse .
" Claiming their drink has been spiked may be used as an excuse by patients who have become incapacitated after the voluntary consumption of excess alcohol . "
Dr Hughes said some women might have felt ashamed at ending up in casualty .
" There seems to be greater awareness about the dangers of binge - drinking , which is where the emphasis should stay , " he added .
Last month Julie Bentley , chief executive of the Suzy Lamplugh Trust , said many women fall victim to sexual assaults after being plied with alcohol .
Commenting on claims that Rohypnol had played a part in sex attacks , she said : " As far as I am aware , there has never been a case of Rohypnol in this country found . "
In the light of the latest research , Dr Peter Saul , a GP in Wrexham , said : " There had always been a suspicion that people would say that their drinks had been spiked when perhaps they had misjudged how much alcohol they were taking .
" If you go home and your parents are there , and you are vomiting on the path , and you come in in a terrible state , you get sympathy if you say , ' My drink was spiked ' .
" You do n't get sympathy if you say , ' We spent too long in the bar ' . "
He added : " The message has to be : be careful - not just about having your drink spiked - but how much alcohol you have . "
Wer kennt das nicht ?
Du weißt noch wie es aussah , kannst Dich
aber nicht mehr an den Namen erinnern .
Sage uns wie es aussah ...
By GottaLaff
Cheney stopped the investigation so that the value of the shares he holds would continue to rise
What is a docking station ?
A docking station or simply a dock is a device that allows you to plug in a smartphone or any other smart device and charge it while simultaneously playing music from that device through external loudspeakers .
There are many different shape and size docks but they all have the option to charge your device no matter if it sits horizontally or vertically in that docking station .
There are also docks that act as a nightstand clocks and have a built in clock and alarm that allows user to plug in his smart device when he goes to sleep and get that alarm capability that allows to play music from device or just radio .
How are android docking station different from other docks ?
On the market you can find Iphone , Ipad docks as well as multinational and Android docking stations .
With Apple products you get a very similar connector at similar places to all iPhones and iPods , iPads but with android devices you do n’t get that convenience and docking station makers need to create a device that can adjust to many different shapes , sizes , manufacturers and charging port positions .
These Android docking stations usually have some kind of system that allows you to move the charging port around .
This system can be just charger wire that allows you to easily move your android device or a more intelligent sliding or folding charger docking port that allows you to mount your device on that universal dock .
There are many different mechanisms how manufacturers achieve this multi-functionality but in my mind the best one is the sliding dock where you can adjust the horizontal alignment of the port and also rotate it 360 degrees because some android smart devices have charging ports that have a different orientation than most of them .
I also need to mention that almost all these multifunctional docks have a mini USB connector and that is because it is become the new standard for Android Phones and that is quite convenient because if you would also need to change the charging plugs then the device would be too complicated .
Some of the features best docking stations have !
Usually all of these devices have the charger option and that is the main option that combines all them in the Dock station category but other functions range from two dock ports till Bluetooth connectivity .
So here are some of the most common functions :
Bluetooth connectivity and music playback
Multiple docking ports
Hands free call options
3.5 mm audio jack for music playback
Built in microphone for those hands free calls
Alarm clock
Radio
Application for phones to display while docked
Backlit buttons
LCD display
Snooze button for the alarm clock
Battery that provides power to clock in the case of power outage
Battery that provides charging to the smart device in chance of power outage
Amperage control mechanism to be able to charge different devices
External HDMI connector
External AUX connector
As you can see there are a lot of functions and you need to choose ones you like , need and find a dock that has all of those .
I encourage you to search more about these Android docking stations but the sad part is that there are n’t that much information about these docks anywhere on the internet and the only place where I found good reviews and general android docking information is www.dockingstationhq.com
open proposal letter
to the Legionaries of Christ ( and Regnum Christi , but my focus is on the Legion ) .
I warmly endorse it .
Where a few of his concrete suggestions differ from mine , I would remind folks that mine are only that , suggestions ; Grisez 's approach seems quite sound to me .
I would especially reinforce Grisez 's observation about Legionary priests being able , and perhaps even obligated , to appeal outside of the Legion structure for Roman intervention in this unprecedented crisis .
For example ,
1983 CIC 212.3
states : " According to the knowledge , competence , and prestige which they possess , they [ i.e. , the Christian faithful , which includes Legionary priests ] have the right and even at times the duty to manifest to the sacred pastors [ up to and including the pope ] their opinion on matters which pertain to the good of the Church and to make their opinion known to the rest of the Christian faithful , without prejudice to the integrity of faith and morals , with reverence toward their pastors , and attentive to common advantage and the dignity of persons . "
The canon takes on added weight when its placement , near the top of a list of the fundamental rights and duties of all the Christian faithful , is noticed .
2 .
Canons 691 , 692 , and especially 693
, form the basic parameters of the exclaustration / excardination process for religious clerics interested in joining diocesan presbyterates or other institutes of religious life .
Canon 270
, though taken from norms on the excardination / incardination of secular priests , is also relevant .
The text of the law , of course , is bare bones ; a canonical commentary on the canons (
there are many
) will help orient the reader to the process .
In this post , I will provide the current status and a forecast for the U.K. natural gas supply and demand for the remainder of this heating season .
The present status and the outlook suggest that this heating season will end with little natural gas in storage .
This is an update of my series about U.K. natural gas .
In the second part of this series , I presented the results of several simulations of the U.K. natural gas supply situation for this winter .
Using these simulations , I identified the possibility that U.K. might run short of natural gas in storage before the end of this winter .
INTRODUCTION
NOTE : All diagrams are clickable and open in a larger version .
Status for the storage facilities are now as follows :
Short Range Storage ( SRS ) is now down to approximately 28 % of total working gas capacity .
Medium Range Storage ( MRS ) is down to approximately 36 % of total working gas capacity .
Long Range Storage ( LRS ) is down to approximately 24 % of total working gas capacity .
In this post , I will briefly give an update of the status of the storage facilities and the outlook for the remainder of this winter .
There are several factors that may change the actual outcome , including weather ( most important ) , changes in the supply - - domestic production and imports by pipeline and LNG , remaining flexibility and duration of current natural gas contracts , level of economic activity , fuel switching and prices to name a few .
STORAGE STATUS AS OF THURSDAY 19th FEBRUARY 2009
TOTAL STORAGE
The unseasonably warm weather in the days around last Christmas allowed for some reinjection into storage and is estimated to have reduced net withdrawals by 300 Mcm .
In the article UK gas demand falls as recession bites , it is reported that demand this winter is down 4 % compared with the same period last year .
This amounts to a total estimated 700 Mcm less demand between January 01st and now .
Last year saw net withdrawals of an additional 800 Mcm between this time and April 20th .
If net withdrawals of natural gas from storage follow roughly the same pattern as last year , this would suggest that total natural gas in U.K. storage would end with a low of 3 - 400 Mcm .
LONG RANGE STORAGE ( LRS )
MEDIUM RANGE STORAGE ( MRS )
SHORT RANGE STORAGE ( SRS )
VOLUMES AND DIRECTION OF FLOWS IN THE INTERCONNECTOR
Presently U.K. natural gas prices are around 40 p / therm ( day ahead ) , and the higher prices in Continental Europe suggests that the Interconnector will continue to flow natural gas from U.K. to Europe .
STATUS OF STORAGE IN FRANCE
STATUS OF STORAGE IN GERMANY
The diagrams for France and Germany illustrate that the storage levels for both countries are now lower than at the same time a year ago .
The increased withdrawals this year are mostly believed to be due to the recent shutdown of supplies from Russia through Ukraine and colder than normal weather .
Expectation of lower natural gas prices towards the summer may also have motivated higher storage withdrawals .
More posts on U.K. nat gas supplies :
Will UK face a nat gas crisis during this winter ( Part 1 of 2 )
Will UK face a nat gas crisis during this winter ( Part 2 of 2 )
Why UK Natural Gas Prices Will Move North of 100p / Therm This Winter
In its latest concession to the worst revenue slide since the Depression , The New York Times has begun selling display advertising on its front page , a step that has become increasingly common across the newspaper industry .
The first such ad , appearing Monday in color , was bought by CBS .
The ad , two - and - a - half inches high , lies horizontally across the bottom of the front page , below the news articles and a brief summary of some articles in the paper .
In a statement , the paper said such ads would be placed “ below the fold ”  that is , on the lower half of the page .
In the past , The Times has printed an occasional front - page classified ad  two or three lines of text at the bottom of the page .
And a few years ago it began selling display ads  which are much larger and can combine images and text  on the front pages of sections inside the paper .
But The Times did not sell displays on the first page of the first section , a move regarded by traditionalists as a commercial incursion into the most important news space in the paper .
Official - looking pictures and pricing of Amazon 's Kindle 2 e-book reader have been leaked on the Internet .
The information surfaced on a forum late last night and reveals a thinner Kindle but without the speculated price increase .
Amazon is expected to officially announce the Kindle 2 during a press conference on Monday .
Improvements in the Kindle 2 design bring a thinner footprint , a metal back plate , and stereo speakers .
As I mentioned last October , when the first Kindle 2 pictures surfaced , the design cues bring back memories of the first Apple iPods .
As usual , the information is purely speculative but the forum reads that Kindle 2 will be available on February 24 for $ 359 .
Kindle 2 features rounded corners , a black and white screen ( apparently the same size as the original Kindle ) , a 3.5 mm headphone jack with a sliding sleep button at the top and a unified QWERTY keyboard under the screen .
Smaller navigation buttons are placed on both the left and right sides of Kindle 2 .
A joystick now replaces the original Kindle scroll wheel .
Amazon 's new Kindle will use the same EV - DO wireless technology for over - the - air downloads as the original .
Storage - wise , Kindle 2 is said to come with a 2GB on - board memory .
Form the leaked pictures , no SD card slot can be seen but my guess is that there will be a way to expand Kindle 's memory - maybe a microSD slot .
Do you think Kindle 2 is too pricey for just an e-book reader ?
Does the device remember you of the first generation Apple iPods ?
Please let me know in the comments .
We have seen some cool iPhone applications come out for shooting sports .
But nothing comes close to the sheer awesomeness of the Knights Armaments M110 iPod Touch mount and accompanying ballistics software .
The M110 is the 7.62x51 mm semi-automatic sniper system which won the Army ’s competition to replace the aging M24 bolt action sniper system .
While it will not replace the M24 in the near future , the system is seeing action in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The rifle is based on the SR - 25 , which in turn is based on the Stoners ’ AR - 10 design .
Knights Armaments have developed a mounting system for the iPod Touch that attaches to a side mounted picatinny rail .
The mount attaches to an Otterbox protective case .
Click to expand .
Photo ⓒ Chen “ SMGLee ” Lee .
Used with permission .
Click to expand .
Photo ⓒ Chen “ SMGLee ” Lee .
Used with permission .
KAC contracted Runaway technologies to build an external ballistics calculator for the iPod Touch / iPhone named Bullet Flight .
It is your standard ballistics application .
You can set firearm / ammunition profiles , then call up the saved profile and enter your environment information , for example , distance , wind direction , elevation and temperature .
The application is available from the iTunes store for $ 11.99 .
It is a lot more expensive than the $ 4.99 iSnipe application .
We may yet see an iPhone on the battlefield 🙂
in trying to work on my graded reader project recently I encountered two problems that were beyond my ability to solve .
the first was that HDBC ’s quick Query was loading all results into memory , while fetchAllRows was not loading any rows ( in fact the query was never reaching postgresql ) .
this made it so I could n’t use HDBC with postgresql for my project .
then I decided to try takusen , but could n’t figure out the problems with the current cabal file for it , despite quite a lot of googling .
I asked around on #haskell about both of these problems , and got some help , but neither got resolved ; so my question for planet haskell is what should I do when I reach this sort of an impass ?
i’ll gladly fix any problems I can on my own and share the wealth , but I hate being stuck when it ’s absolutely beyond me .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Bathurst High School Basketball Team Triumphs After Tragedy
Total Pro Sports – In Fredericton , New Brunswick Canada on Saturday , the Bathurst High School Basketball won the Provincial AA Championship a year after a highway crash killed seven of their players .
A year this past January a total of 8 people which included seven players and the wife of the former Bathurst High School coach perished .
Their van swerved into the path of a transport truck in poor highway conditions as they traveled back from a road game .
Playing heavy hearts , Bathurst High School defeated the Campobello Vikings 82 -50 .
“ We did the impossible pretty much , ” Bathurst basketball player Alex Robichaud told CTV Atlantic . ”
“ It really has been joyful to watch and experience this , ” John McLaughlin , superintendent of the Bathurst School District , told CTV Newsnet .
“ They lost some pretty good friends and I ’m sure they were playing for them . ” [ CTV ]
The lone returning player from last years squad and crash survivor Bradd Arseneau scored 25 points , won the game MVP and wore the number 7 in honor of his late friend Nathan Cleland .
Peggy O’Neil - Arseneau told The Canadian Press , “ I ’ve never seen him play any better . ”
“ The joy . . . and the love in this room is just overwhelming , ” she told CTV Atlantic during the game . [ CTV ]
A story book ending , you can guarantee the players who perished in the accident were on the court that day watching over their team .
Congratulations Bathurst High School you deserve it !!
Share This
Mr. Fairey decided to create the image on his own before contacting the Obama campaign , which welcomed it but never officially adopted it because of copyright concerns .
Before the election , Mr. Fairey was best known for his fake - advertising stickers and posters , pasted in cities across the country , showing an ominous , abstracted image of the wrestler Andre the Giant along with the word “ Obey . ”
Mr. Fairey is the focus of a retrospective that opened last week at the Institute of Contemporary Art in Boston .
( In a development that was not much of a surprise , he was arrested there on Friday , accused of illegally pasting his work in places around Boston ; he has pleaded not guilty . )
A collaged work made by Mr. Fairey based on his Obama poster was acquired last month by the National Portrait Gallery in Washington , part of the Smithsonian Institution , and placed in its permanent collection .
After Mr. Obama ’s victory , speculation increased about which picture had served as the basis for Mr. Fairey ’s posters .
In interviews the artist said that it was one he had found on the Internet .
Bloggers , including the Manhattan gallery owner James Danziger , pursued several leads until , according to the lawsuit , Tom Gralish , a Pulitzer Prize - winning photographer for The Philadelphia Inquirer , helped track down a photo by Mr. Garcia that showed Mr. Obama sitting beside the actor George Clooney at a 2006 event about Darfur at the National Press Club .
Further complicating the dispute , Mr. Garcia contends that he , not The Associated Press , owns the copyright for the photo , according to his contract with the The A.P. at the time .
In a telephone interview on Monday , Mr. Garcia said he was unsure how he would proceed now that the matter had landed in court .
But he said he was very happy when he found out that his photo was the source of the poster image and that he still is .
“ I do n’t condone people taking things , just because they can , off the Internet , ” Mr. Garcia said .
“ But in this case I think it ’s a very unique situation . ”
He added , “ If you put all the legal stuff away , I ’m so proud of the photograph and that Fairey did what he did artistically with it , and the effect it ’s had . ”
CNBC 's Rick Santelli called for a " Chicago Tea Party " Thursday , leading the charge for calls to revolt against the Obama Administration 's mortgage bailout plan ( see video below ) .
The clip has gone viral on the Internet , bringing with it loads of opinions , both pro and con .
You can share yours here .
And CNBC.com 's
The Heat is back for the occasion , asking " Should America Join Santelli's Tea Party ? "
Santelli was back in action Friday ( watch the video ) , and even the White House mentioned him directly in response to questions about the bailout — not once , not twice , but NINE times ... and even invited Rick to the White House for coffee .
Not tea , mind you .
Santelli responded to criticism from the White Houseon The Kudlow Report on Friday night .
And , in Santelli's Manifesto , he explains what led to the " Shout Heard ' Round the World . "
Watch the original shout heard ' round the world in the following video clip .
Then read below what others are saying about it .
Such is the nature of the Internet that though it only leaked last night , you ’ve probably already heard the first single from that Lost City of Atlantis of albums , OB4CL2 .
Still , this one is so good , I ca n’t help but be redundant and post .
I figured Rae would eventually come through with the record after interviewing him–but like everyone else –was understandably wary .
“ Back from the Slums ” might be an overstatement–after all , Rae is currently staying out in the deepest recesses of the San Fernando Valley , a far cry from Shaolin .
But this is the first real contender for rap song of the young year .
Download :
MP3 : Chef Raekwon , Method Man , Ghostface Killah - “ Back from the Slums ”
We rely on your support to keep POW alive .
Please take a second to donate on Patreon !
Introduction
Let 's assume that your program is running on Linux and is not going to terminate for a long period of time , like UNIX daemons .
However you want to upgrade the program in some simple way but you do not want to terminate the program execution .
What comes to your mind is to somehow upgrade some known function in your program so that it will do some additional job without compromising the function 's usual behavior and without terminating your program .
You think about injecting some new code into the code of your program so that it will be triggered when another already existing function in your program is called .
This may be a bit imaginary example but it demonstrates the idea , why it is sometimes needed to inject some code in the running program .
It is also relevant to mention the virus injection techniques into the running code .
In this article , I 'll explain how it is possible to inject a C function into the running program on Linux without terminating the program .
We 'll talk about Linux object files Executable and Linkable Format ( ELF ) , about object file sections , symbols and relocations .
Working Example Overview
I will explain step by step the code injection technique using the following simple example .
The example consists of 3 components :
Dynamic ( shared ) library libdynlib .
so that is built from dynlib.hpp and dynlib.cpp C++ source files .
Application app that is built from app.cpp source file and is linked with libdynlib .
so library .
The injection function located in injection.cpp file .
Let us review the components code .
extern " C " void print ( ) ;
The dynlib.hpp header defines the print ( ) function .
#include < stdlib.h > #include < iostream > # include " dynlib.hpp " using namespace std ; extern " C " void print ( ) { static unsigned int counter =
0 ; ++ counter ; cout << counter << " : PID " << getpid( ) << " : In print ( ) " << endl ; }
The dynlib.cpp implements the print ( ) function that just prints a counter ( that is incremented at every function call ) , the program process id and a message .
#include < dlfcn.h / > #include < iostream / > #include " dynlib.hpp " using namespace std ; int main ( ) { while ( 1 ) { print ( ) ; cout << " Going to sleep ... " << endl ; sleep ( 3 ) ; cout << " Waked up ... " << endl ; } return 0 ; }
The application app.cpp calls the print ( ) function ( from the libdynlib .
so dynamic library , then sleeps for a few seconds and continues doing the same in the infinite loop .
#include < stdlib.h / > extern " C " void print ( ) ; extern " C " void injection ( ) { print ( ) ; system ( " date " ) ; }
The injection ( ) function call is going to replace the print ( ) function call in the application main ( ) function .
The injection ( ) function will first call the original print ( ) function and then do some additional job .
For example , it can run some external executable file using system ( ) function call or just print the current date as I do .
Compile and Run the Application
Let us first compile the components with g++ C++ compiler and gcc C compiler .
g++ - ggdb - Wall dynlib.cpp - fPIC - shared -o libdynlib.so g++ - ggdb app.cpp - ldynlib - ldynlib - L./ -o app gcc - Wall injection.cpp - c -o injection .o - rwxr-xr-x 1 gregory ftp 52248 Feb 12 02:05 app - rw-r--r-- 1 gregory ftp 1088 Feb 12 02:05 injection .o - rwxr-xr-x 1 gregory ftp 52505 Feb 12 02:05 libdynlib.so
Note that the dynamic library libdynlib .
so is compiled and linked with - fPIC flag that produces position independent code and the injection object is compiled with C compiler .
We can now run the application app executable .
[ lnx63:code_injection ] == > ./app 1 : PID 4184 : In print ( )
Going to sleep ...
Waked up ... 2 : PID 4184 : In print ( )
Going to sleep ...
Waked up ... 3 : PID 4184 : In print ( )
Going to sleep ...
Getting into Debugger
The application app passed few loop iterations but we pretend that it 's already running few weeks so it's now time to inject our new code without terminating the applications .
We 'll use Linux gdb debugger during the injection process .
First we need to attach gdb to the application process 4184 , see the PID ( application process id ) printed above .
[ lnx63:code_injection ] == > gdb app 4184 GNU gdb 6.3 Copyright 2004 Free Software Foundation , Inc. GDB is free software , covered by the GNU General Public License , and you are welcome to change it and / or distribute copies of it under certain conditions .
Type " show copying " to see the conditions .
There is absolutely no warranty for GDB .
Type " show warranty " for details .
This GDB was configured as " i686-pc-linux - gnu " ...
Using host libthread_db library " /lib/tls/libthread_db.so.1 " .
Attaching to program : / store / fileril104/project/gregory/code_injection /app , process 4184 Reading symbols from / store / fileril104 / project / gregory/code_injection/libdynlib.so...done.
Loaded symbols for / store / fileril104 / project / gregory/code_injection/libdynlib.so
Reading symbols from /usr/lib/ libstdc++.so.6...done .
Loaded symbols for /usr/lib/libstdc++.so.6
Reading symbols from / lib/tls/libm.so.6...done .
Loaded symbols for / lib/tls/libm.so.6
Reading symbols from /lib/libgcc_s.so.1...done .
Loaded symbols for /lib/libgcc_s.so.1
Reading symbols from / lib/tls/libc.so.6...done .
Loaded symbols for / lib/tls/libc.so.6
Reading symbols from / lib/ld-linux.so.2...done .
Loaded symbols for / lib/ld- linux.so.2 0x006e17a2 in _dl_sysinfo_int80 ( ) from /lib/ld-linux.so.2 ( gdb )
Loading the Injection Code into the Executable Process Memory
As I mentioned above , injection . o object file is not initially included in the app executable process image .
We first need to load injection . o into the process memory address space .
This can be done with mmap ( ) system call that will map the injection .
o file into the app process address space .
Let us do it in the debugger .
( gdb ) call open ( " injection.o " , 2 ) $ 1 = 3 ( gdb ) call mmap(0 , 1088 , 1 | 2 | 4 , 1 , 3 , 0 ) $ 2 = 1073754112 ( gdb )
We first open the injection . o file with O_RDWR ( value 2 ) read / write permissions .
We need write permission because later we 'll make changes in the loaded injection code .
The returned allocated file descripter for the opened file is 3 .
Then we bring the file into the process address space with mmap ( ) call .
The mmap ( ) call accepts the file size ( 1088 bytes ) , the file mapping permissions - PROT_READ | PROT_WRITE | PROT_EXEC ( for reading / writing and executing , 1 | 2 | 4 ) and opened file descriptor - 3 . and returns the starting address of the mapped file within the process address space - 1073754112 .
We can verify that the injection .
o was indeed mapped into the process address space by looking into / proc / [ pid ] / maps ( where pid is the executable process id - 4184 in our example ) file that on Linux is the file that contains information about running process memory layout .
[ lnx63:code_injection ] == > cat / proc/4184 / maps 006e1000-006f6000 r-xp 00000000 fd:00 394811 /lib/ld-2.3.4.so 006f6000-006f7000 r-xp 00015000 fd:00 394811 /lib/ld-2.3.4.so 006f7000-006f8000 rwxp 00016000 fd:00 394811 /lib/ld-2.3.4.so 006ff000-00824000 r-xp 00000000 fd:00 394812 /lib/tls/libc-2.3.4.so 00824000-00825000 r-xp 00124000 fd:00 394812 /lib/tls/libc-2.3.4.so 00825000-00828000 rwxp 00125000 fd:00 394812 /lib/tls/libc-2.3.4.so 00828000-0082a000 rwxp 00828000 00:00 0 00832000-00853000 r-xp 00000000 fd:00 394813 /lib/tls/libm-2.3.4.so 00853000-00855000 rwxp 00020000 fd:00 394813 /lib/tls/libm-2.3.4.so 0096e000-00975000 r-xp 00000000 fd:00 394816 /lib/libgcc_s-3.4.6-20060404.so.1 00975000-00976000 rwxp 00007000 fd:00 394816 /lib/libgcc_s-3.4.6-20060404.so.1 00978000-00a38000 r-xp 00000000 fd:00 45535 /usr/lib/libstdc++.so.6.0.3 00a38000-00a3d000 rwxp 000bf000 fd:00 45535 /usr/lib/libstdc++.so.6.0.3 00a3d000-00a43000 rwxp 00a3d000 00:00 0 08048000-08049000 r-xp 00000000 00:34 30468731 /store/fileril104/project/gregory / code_injection /app 08049000-0804a000 rwxp 00000000 00:34 30468731 /store/fileril104/project/gregory / code_injection /app 0804a000-0806b000 rwxp 0804a000 00:00 0 40000000 - 40001000 r-xp 00000000 00:34 30468725 /store/fileril104/project/gregory / code_injection/libdynlib.so 40001000-40002000 rwxp 00000000 00:34 30468725 /store/fileril104/project/gregory / code_injection/libdynlib.so 40002000-40003000 rwxp 40002000 00:00 0 40003000 -40004000 rwxs 00000000 00:34 30468724 /store/fileril104/project/gregory / code_injection/injection.o
4000f000-40011000 rwxp 4000f000 00:00 0 bfffe000 -c0000000 rwxp bfffe000 00:00 0 ffffe000 - fffff000 ---p 00000000 00:00 0
You can verify that / store / fileril104 / project / gregory /code_injection / injection .
o starts at address 0x40003000 ( decimal 1073754112 ) and ends at address 0x40004000 within the process address space .
Other dynamic libraries mapping is also shown in the above output .
Well , we now have all the components loaded in the executable process memory .
Relocations
Now it 's time to inspect the application binary executable in ELF format from inside .
We 'll use readelf Linux utility that displays different data from ELF format object files ( i.e. any object , library or executable files on Linux ) .
We look at the symbol relocations in the app executable .
We are interested in print ( ) function call relocation .
[ lnx63:code_injection ] == > readelf -r app Relocation section ' .rel.dyn ' at offset 0x5ec contains 2 entries : Offset Info Type Sym.Value Sym. Name 08049d58 00001706 R_386_GLOB_DAT
00000000 __gmon_start__ 08049d60 00000305 R_386_COPY 08049d60 _ZSt4cout Relocation section ' .rel.plt ' at offset 0x5 fc contains 13 entries : Offset Info Type Sym.Value Sym. Name 08049d24 00000107 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
0804868c print 08049d28 00000207 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
0804869c _ZNSt8ios_base4InitC1E 08049d2c 00000507 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
080486ac _ZStlsISt11char_traits 08049d30 00000607 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
080486bc _ZNSolsEPFRSoS_E 08049d34 00000707 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
08048664 _init 08049d38 00000807 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
080486dc sleep 08049d3c 00000907 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
080486ec _ZNKSsixEj 08049d40 00000b07 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
080486fc _ZNKSs4sizeEv 08049d44 00000c07 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
0804870c __libc_start_main 08049d48 00000d07 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
08048ae4 _fini 08049d4c 00001307 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
0804872c _ZSt4endlIcSt11char_tr 08049d50 00001507 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
0804873c __gxx_personality_v0 08049d54 00001607 R_386_JUMP_SLOT
0804874c _ZNSt8ios_base4InitD1E
As you can see , the print symbol relocation is located at the absolute ( virtual ) address ( offset ) 0x08049d24 in the app executable and the type of this relocation is R_386_JUMP_SLOT .
The relocation address is an absolute virtual address of the executable after it is loaded in the memory prior to its run .
Note that this relocation resides in the .rel.plt section of the executable binary image .
The PLT stands for Procedure Linkage Table , that is the table that provides indirect call for a function .
This means that when you call a function you do n't directly jump to the function location , but first jump to an entry in the Procedure Linkage Table and then from the PLT jump to the actual function code .
This is necessary when you call a function that resides in a dynamic library ( libdynlib. so in our example ) because you do not know in advance at what address in the executable process space the dynamic libraries will be loaded and in what dynamic library you will first find the required function ( print ( ) in our example ) .
All this knowledge is available only at the moment of loading application into the memory prior to its run and at that time it 's the job of dynamic linker ( ld- linux.so on Linux ) to resolve relocations so that the requested function will be correctly called .
In our example the dynamic linker will load the libdynlib .
so library into the executable process address space , find the address of the print ( ) function in the library and set this address into the relocation address 0x08049d24 .
Our goal is to replace the address of the print ( ) function with the address of function injection ( ) from the injection .
o object file that was not initially included in the executable process image when it started running .
More information on ELF format , relocations and dynamic linker can be found in Executable and Linkable Format ( ELF ) document .
We can check that the address 08049d24 currently contains the address of function print ( ) .
( gdb ) p & print $ 4 = ( void ( *) ( void ) ) 0x40000be8 < print > ( gdb ) p/x * 0x08049d24 $ 5 = 0x40000be8 ( gdb )
The address of the injection ( ) function can be found by running readelf -s ( displays object file symbol table ) on the injection . o file .
[ lnx63:code_injection ] ==> readelf -s injection . o Symbol table '.symtab ' contains 13 entries : Num : Value Size Type Bind Vis Ndx Name 0 : 00000000 0 NOTYPE LOCAL DEFAULT UND 1 : 00000000 0 FILE LOCAL DEFAULT ABS injection.cpp 2 : 00000000 0 SECTION LOCAL DEFAULT 1 3 : 00000000 0 SECTION LOCAL DEFAULT 3 4 : 00000000 0 SECTION LOCAL DEFAULT 4 5 : 00000000 0 SECTION LOCAL DEFAULT 5 6 : 00000000 0 SECTION LOCAL DEFAULT 6 7 : 00000000 0 SECTION LOCAL DEFAULT 8 8 : 00000000 0 SECTION LOCAL DEFAULT 9 9 : 00000000 25 FUNC GLOBAL DEFAULT 1 injection 10 : 00000000 0 NOTYPE GLOBAL DEFAULT UND system 11 : 00000000 0 NOTYPE GLOBAL DEFAULT UND print 12 : 00000000 0 NOTYPE GLOBAL DEFAULT UND __gxx_personality_v0
The function ( symbol ) injection is located at the offset 0 in the .text section in the injection . o object file .
But the .text section starts at the offset 0x000034 in the injection . o object file .
[ lnx63:code_injection ] ==> readelf - S injection . o
There are 13 section headers , starting at offset 0x104 : Section Headers : [ Nr ] Name Type Addr Off Size ES Flg Lk Inf Al [ 0 ] NULL 00000000 000000 000000 00 0 0 0 [ 1 ] . text PROGBITS 00000000 000034 000019 00 AX 0 0 4 [ 2 ] .rel.text REL 00000000 000418 000018 08 11 1 4 [ 3 ] .data PROGBITS 00000000 000050 000000 00 WA 0 0 4 [ 4 ] .bss NOBITS 00000000 000050 000000 00 WA 0 0 4 [ 5 ] .rodata PROGBITS 00000000 000050 000005 00 A 0 0 1 [ 6 ] .eh_frame PROGBITS 00000000 000058 000038 00 A 0 0 4 [ 7 ] .rel.eh_frame REL 00000000 000430 000010 08 11 6 4 [ 8 ] . note .
GNU - stack NOTE 00000000 000090 000000 00 0 0 1 [ 9 ] . comment PROGBITS 00000000 000090 000012 00 0 0 1 [ 10 ] .shstrtab STRTAB 00000000 0000a2 00005f 00 0 0 1 [ 11 ] . symtab SYMTAB 00000000 00030c 0000d0 10 12 9 4 [ 12 ] . strtab STRTAB 00000000 0003dc 00003b 00 0 0 1 Key to Flags : W ( write ) , A ( alloc ) , X ( execute ) , M ( merge ) , S ( strings ) I ( info ) , L ( link order ) , G ( group ) , x ( unknown ) O ( extra OS processing required ) o ( OS specific ) , p ( processor specific )
Replacing the print ( ) Function with injection ( ) Function
I would like to remind you that the injection .
o file was loaded into the executable process memory at address 0x40003000 ( see above ) .
So the final absolute address of the injection ( ) function within the executable process .is 0x40003000 + 0x000034 .
We now set this address into the print ( ) function relocation address 0x08049d24 .
( gdb ) set * 0x08049d24 = 0x40003000 + 0x000034 ( gdb )
At this point , we successfully replaced the call to the print ( ) with the call to the injection ( ) function .
Resolving injection ( ) Function Relocations
However we still need some work to be done .
The code of the injection ( ) function is not ready to run yet because it has 3 unresolved relocations .
[ lnx63:code_injection ] ==> readelf -r injection . o Relocation section '.rel.text ' at offset 0x418 contains 3 entries : Offset Info Type Sym.Value Sym. Name 00000009 00000501 R_386_32 00000000 .rodata 0000000e 00000a02 R_386_PC32 00000000 system 00000013 00000b02 R_386_PC32 00000000 print Relocation section '.rel.eh_frame ' at offset 0x430 contains 2 entries : Offset Info Type Sym.Value Sym. Name 00000011 00000c01 R_386_32 00000000 __gxx_personality_v0 00000024 00000201 R_386_32 00000000 .text
The first .rodata relocation points to the " date " constant string stored in the .rodata read - only data section , the second system relocation refers to the system ( ) function call and the third print relocation refers to the print ( ) function call .
Note that all the three relocations reside in the .rel. text section that is their offsets are relative to the beginning of the . text section .
We resolve all the above three relocations manually and set appropriate addresses to these three memory locations .
The addresses of these relocations within the executable process address space are calculated by summing up :
The injection . o starting address ( 0x40003000 ) within the process address space .
The . text section starting offset 0x000034 within the injection . o object file .
The relocation offset relative to the . text section ( 0x00000009 - for .rodata , 0x0000000e . for system and 00000013 for print ) .
Note that system and print relocations are of R_386 _PC32 type .
This means that the value ( resolved address ) to be set into the relocation location should be calculated relatively to the PC program counter , that is relatively to the relocation location .
Also R_386_PC32 relocation requires that the value that was stored in the relocation location before relocation resolution ( addend ) should be added to the resolved address .
The R_386_32 .rodata relocation also adds the addend to its resolved address .
( gdb ) p & system $ 7 = ( < text > *) 0x733650 < system > // Address of the system ( ) function ( gdb ) p * ( 0x40003000 + 0x000034 + 0x0000000e ) $ 8 = - 4 //
Addend of the system relocation ( gdb ) set * ( 0x40003000 + 0x000034 + 0x0000000e ) = 0x733650 - ( 0x40003000 + 0x000034 + 0x0000000e ) - 4 ( gdb ) p & print $ 9 = ( void ( *) ( void ) ) 0x40000be8 < print > //
Address of the print ( ) function ( gdb ) p * ( 0x40003000 + 0x000034 + 0x00000013 ) $ 10 = - 4 //
Addend of the print relocation ( gdb ) set * ( 0x40003000 + 0x000034 + 0x00000013 ) = 0x40000be8 - ( 0x40003000 + 0x000034 + 0x00000013 ) - 4 ( gdb ) p * ( 0x40003000 + 0x000034 + 0x00000009 ) $ 11 = 0 // Addend of the .rodata relocation ( gdb ) set * ( 0x40003000 + 0x000034 + 0x00000009 ) = 0x40003000 + 0x000050 // 0x000050 is // the offset of .rodata section within injection . o object file .
We just resolved all the three relocations within injection ( ) function code .
Well , we are done .
We exit the debugger .
The application will continue running and now do additional job of printing the current date .
gdb ) quit
The program is running .
Quit anyway ( and detach it ) ?
( y or n ) y Detaching from program : / store / fileril104/ project/gregory/code_injection /app , process 4184 [ lnx63:code_injection ] ==> //
The application execution continues Waked up ...
Thu Feb 12 20:09:40 IST 2009 4 : PID 4184 : In print ( )
Going to sleep ...
Waked up ...
Thu Feb 12 20:09:43 IST 2009 5 : PID 4184 : In print ( )
Going to sleep ...
Waked up ...
Thu Feb 12 20:09:46 IST 2009 6 : PID 4184 : In print ( )
Going to sleep ...
Waked up ...
Thu Feb 12 20:09:49 IST 2009 7 : PID 18138 : In print ( )
Going to sleep ...
Waked up ...
That 's it .
Conclusion
I showed how one can inject a C function into the running program on Linux without terminating the program .
Note that process memory manipulations that were demonstrated are allowed only for processes for which you are either owner or have appropriate permissions .
History
" Is God willing to prevent evil , but not able ?
Then he is not omnipotent .
Is he able , but not willing ?
Then he is malevolent .
Is he both able and willing ?
Then whence cometh evil ?
Is he neither able nor willing ?
Then why call him God ? "
Wish List – From bananas to laundry detergent ; caring for nearly 240 chimpanzees takes a lot of supplies .
Now you can easily order items the chimps need to live their happy , healthy lives in sanctuary without having to worry about shipping .
View items in our wish list »
Meet Spanky –
He is one of the most recent residents who we have added to the “ Meet the Chimps ” page .
Get to know Spanky »
Shop – Visit our gift shop for gifts , apparel , and more – all things chimp , of course !
There is something for everyone !
Shop Now »
Jan. 13 , 2008  --
Men who have a shorter index finger relative to their ring finger proved to be better at high - stakes , fast - paced stock trading than men with relatively longer index fingers , according to a new study .
John Coates , the lead author on the stock trading study , published yesterday in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , was initially uncertain that digit ratios would tell him anything useful .
" I did n't put much stock in it to tell you the truth , until I saw the results -- I almost fell out of my chair , " said Coates , of the Judge Business School and department of physiology , development , and neuroscience at University of Cambridge , England .
What Your Fingers Can Really Measure
In the study , researchers measured the right hands of 44 male stock traders who were engaged in a type of trading that involved large sums of money , rapid decision - making and quick physical reactions .
Over 20 months , those with longer ring fingers compared to their index fingers made 11 times more money than those with the shortest ring fingers .
Over the same time , the most experienced traders made about nine times more than the least experienced ones .
Looking only at experienced traders , the long - ring - finger folks earned five times more than those with short ring fingers .
Coates said he turned to the digit ratio because he was searching for a convenient marker for a person 's sensitivity to testosterone .
More accurate physical markers of testosterone sensitivity include a measurement in the inner ear , and the " ano - genital " distance , but Coates thought stock traders were more likely to offer up their hands to measurements than their rear ends .
Exactly how or why is unclear , but studies have shown the relative length of the ring finger is related to the amount of androgens ( testosterones ) present in a baby 's body during the 8th to 19th week of pregnancy .
Testosterone and Your Ring Finger
Girls may have some testosterone during that time , but the hormones surge through boy 's bodies .
" When they do so , they basically create the male body and brain , " said Coates .
" It affects your body , your metabolism , the structure of your bones . "
The higher the testosterone level during that crucial time , the more likely the ring finger will grow , and the more sensitive the brain is to testosterone for life , said Coates .
To find your digit ratio , divide the length of the index finger ( called the 2D or second digit ) by the length of the ring finger ( called the 4D ) .
It 's easiest to measure from the crease of the finger at the palm to the tip .
Large surveys have shown that men tend to have lower digit ratios ( short 2D and long 4D ) and women tend to have a ratio of 1 or greater .
Coates , who used to run a derivative trader desk on Wall Street in the dot - com boom era , is in the midst of a long investigation into how testosterone affects market behavior .
The digit ratio study may be only one in a series of investigations .
" During the dot - com bubble I was convinced there was some chemical in people 's bodies that were making them go nuts .
They were manic , delusional ; they had diminished need for sleep , " said Coates .
" It got me thinking that there was some chemical affecting these people . "
Coates has done previous studies ( without digit ratios ) measuring blood testosterone and trading performance .
He hypothesizes a cycle of testosterone - fueled winning streaks and subsequent over - confidence contributes to stock market bubbles .
" I thought about why people lose their wits when they were caught up in a bull market , " said Coates .
" There was another thought that occurred to me : that women were not as affected by the bubble . "
Scientists have looked at finger ratios for years , coming up with a variety of conclusions , some controversial .
Homosexuality , aggression , elementary school math scores , and even skiing ability have all been linked to finger measurement before .
In 2000 , psychologist S. Marc Breedlove , now at Michigan State University , photocopied more than 700 people 's hands at street fairs in San Francisco and anonymously asked them about their sexuality .
Breedlove found the lower the digit ratios ( a shorter index finger and longer ring finger ) the more likely the woman would be a lesbian .
But he found no difference between low digit ratios and men's sexuality .
Goodfinger , Badfinger
Last year , researchers in the U.K. studied 2,000 people 's hands , hips , knees and risk factors for arthritis .
All things being equal , they found a person with a low digit ratio is more likely to develop osteoarthritis of the knee .
Scientists have even started to use the digit ratio to study student aptitude .
In 2007 , U.K. researchers found a link between 7 - year - olds ' standardized test scores and their digit ratios ; the lower the digit ratio , the higher the math scores .
But , digit ratios are not that clear cut .
Plenty of women have the stereotypically male digit ratios , and plenty of men have the stereotypically female ratios .
Moreover , digit ratio can vary by ancestry .
That difference has some researchers skeptical of every digit ratio study to hit the news .
" It 's easy to administer some questionnaires and measure finger length -- the literature is probably full of those , " said David Andrew Puts , an assistant professor in the department of anthropology at Penn State University in University Park , Pa .
" I think that it 's a really intriguing marker but I tend to be really skeptical of these results until I see it replicated by a bunch of different studies , " he said .
Puts has published studies using digit ratios and says he may use them in the future .
However , he 's followed up on many of the so - called digit ratio traits .
For example , Puts reviewed studies of spatial relation skills .
While one study found better spatial relation skills with a low digit ratio , comparing the findings of many other studies did not .
The connection " was essentially zero , " said Puts .
Simon LeVay , a former neuroscientist who researches the brain and sexuality , has a similar reaction to digit length studies .
" It 's a serious field of study , " said LeVay , noting there is evidence linking exposure to testosterone to finger length .
But LeVay cautions against personal digit reading for various traits .
Across hundreds or thousands of people , a reliable statistic correlation may be found .
" It 's a kind of weak label , if you 'd like , " he said .
" You can't say anything about any one individual by looking at finger length ratios . "
The AP contributed to this report .
Small - scale attacks continued across Greece on Wednesday as protesters angry with the fatal police shooting of a teenager in Athens called for mass demonstrations across Europe .
A group of about 10 protesters hung two giant banners over the walls of the Acropolis , one bearing the word " Resistance " in Greek , English , Italian and German .
The other banner called for mass demonstrations across Europe on Thursday , a day students are planning to protest in Athens and Greece 's second - largest city , Thessaloniki .
The two cities had some incidents of violence on Wednesday .
Youths threw petrol bombs at a riot police bus in central Athens , police said .
The driver managed to escape unharmed but the vehicle was damaged .
About 100 high school students gathered outside the Athens court complex , pelting riot police guarding the building with stones , eggs , rocks and yogurt to demand that those detained in the riots be freed .
In Thessaloniki , police said a bank and a local citizens advice office were firebombed before dawn Wednesday .
No one was injured in the attacks .
Despite the attacks , the rioting has subsided since the violent protests were sparked by the Dec. 6 police killing of 15 - year - old Alexandros Grigoropoulos .
More than 300 people have been detained or arrested as masked and hooded youths have marched through the cities , smashing , torching or looting buildings and clashing with riot police .
Watch Rupert weep ..
Broadcasting and Cable :
News Corp. announced a net loss of $ 6.4 billion in the final quarter of the year , the company 's second fiscal quarter , as it wrote down the value of its TV operations , newspapers and information services to the tune of $ 8.4 billion .
Commenting on the results company Chairman and CEO , Rupert Murdoch , said the results were a “ direct reflection of the grim economic climate . ”
He said the downturn had been more severe than expected and would likely last longer than predicted .
The company would continue its efforts to cut costs across the business .
In the television segment second quarter operating income was down $ 227 million to $ 18 million as a result of decreased earnings at Fox TV stations , Fox Broadcast Network , Star , the company ’s Asian pay - TV company and MyNetworkTV .
Operating income at the stations fell 44 % against the year ago period .
Local TV advertising in the quarter dropped an estimated 19 % in the quarter .
The company sold eight of its stations last year , however .
It is well known in the sex research arena that the more educated a woman is the more often she will receive oral sex .
I have always wondered if this is true for salary as well .
For example , if your salary goes up by $ 50,000 , how much more likely are you to receive oral sex ?
I cannot find research to support that women who earn more receive more oral sex , which is why I am conducting my own research on this week 's poll .
But I have a hunch , based on a string of research that I have cobbled together :
People who are open to new experiences live in big cities ( except for Chicago ) , and high - earning women do best in big cities .
High earning women do well dating because they are better looking than average , and because men prefer dating women who make a lot of money .
The highest earning women tend to be single , and women who are single and high earning tend to look harder to find those who are good in bed .
So , it goes to reason that women who make a lot of money receive more oral sex than women who do not make a lot of money .
Whenever I mention the fact that I have an editor for my blog , people ask why .
Today is a good example :
You cannot be a CEO writing about how much oral sex your own demographic receives without having someone take a look at the post to see if it 's okay to run .
And , for those of you who doubt the usefulness of my editor , here is his input on the topic :
“ Let ’s assume that men give oral sex only because women ask for it .
That ’s probably 95 % true .
Then who asks for it ?
Women who consider themselves at least equally deserving of that sort of consideration - the women who are going to be better earners because they are educated enough to know that they deserve it ( both the income and the oral . )
So I think they are coincidental , not causal .
A woman who earns more has the self - confidence ( and the self - worth , boosted by external factors like earning ability , education , etc. ) to ask for oral . ”
I 'm hoping that his comment is the first in a string of insightful comments on the causal or not causal relationship between salary and sex .
Elisabeth Hasselbeck & Sherri Shepherd Go To Washington VIDEO
Today and Wednesday on The View , the panel of women are dedicating the full hour to pre and post inauguration activities .
They have dubbed the two shows Red , White and View .
One of the pre-recorded segments today showed Elisabeth Hasselbeck and Sherri Shepherd visiting Washington D.C. Elisabeth , a staunch Republican , wanted to get into the White House .
The comedic piece ended with Hasselbeck visiting the Oval Office and actually getting to thank President George W. Bush personally and exchange hugs .
Hasselbeck has already received favor from the current administration in the form of an invite to a State Dinner for Queen Elizabeth .
Throughout the past few years , she has butted heads with her co-hosts over politics in general , and Bush in particular .
Despite some pretty rugged battles , she has never wavered in her steadfast loyalty to the party and the sitting president .
She also hit the campaign trail with Sarah Palin during the final weekend before the presidential election .
Check out the video below .
On a rainy night in 1793 , the Van Buren family ox slipped in the mud , fracturing its foreleg .
Realizing that the ox was no longer any good to anyone , Abe Van Buren loaded his flintlock and took aim , when , all of a sudden , his ten - year - old son , Martin , leaped in front of the ox and cried , “ If you shoot this ox , Father , you would do as well to shoot me !
For this unfortunate beast is no less God ’s creation than I . ”
And so his father shot him .
Then he turned to Martin ’s identical twin and said , “ From now on , you ’re Martin . ”
And that is how Phil Van Buren became President of the United States .
__
James Monroe , too , had a cherry tree .
It may not have been as tall or as sturdy as George Washington ’s , and its fruit may not have been as abundant .
In fact , it may not have been a tree at all but a big wooden picket with clumps of rotting cherries stapled to it .
Still , it was the finest tree in the Monroe orchard , and rare was the afternoon that James ’s father did not spend three or four hours buffing its knobby bark , tutoring it in Latin and rhetoric , whispering sweet nothings into its low - lying branches .
“ You could learn a lot from that cherry tree , ” he was fond of telling people .
“ You really could . ”
Then , one day , James took his father ’s prized axe from the mantelpiece and reduced the tree to a sorry pile of mulch .
But his father was not angry .
“ Think nothing of it , son , for a tree is just a tree , ” he said , his hand resting gently on the boy ’s shoulder .
“ But touch my axe again and I ’ll break your fucking arm . ”
__
“ Pirates ! ” the young sailor Andrew Jackson cried .
He and MacGraw skittered down the mainmast and in a heartbeat a hundred and twenty men , all sweat and sinew , swarmed the deck , priming the cannons , affixing bayonets to rifles .
In two minutes , they were ready .
The captain probed the misty horizon , his lips contracting into a taut frown .
“ What pirates ? ” he shouted .
“ These are otters !
Who is responsible ? ”
His fearsome eyes searched the crew , and came to rest squarely on Andrew Jackson .
But Andrew Jackson did not shrink .
No , he boldly returned the captain ’s gaze , and , with a single bony thumb , he gestured over his right shoulder — in the direction of MacGraw .
__
It was n’t often that President Eisenhower lingered on the ground floor of the White House .
But something on that sticky summer evening had summoned him downstairs , to the unfamiliar corners of the Vermeil Room , where he stood transfixed before the alabaster temptress with the narrow black eyes .
True , it was only a painting , but the hero of D Day was besotted nonetheless , lost in the glossy visage of Dolley Madison .
His visits continued through the summer .
Some nights , he brought her flowers ; some nights , scented soap .
Some nights , he would arrive with a tin of caviar and two quarts of imported varnish .
The President would slip out just before dawn , whereupon the maids would find that the adjacent portraits — Florence Harding , Edith Roosevelt , the estimable Mrs. Wilson — had been rehung backward , their reproachful eyes watching nothing but the wall .
Finally , he resolved to tell Mamie his secret .
“ I ’m in love , ” he said , standing at the door of the executive bedroom .
“ It ’s a rotten thing , and I ’m sorry , but there ’s nothing to be done .
I hope you ’ll forgive me . ”
With that , the President gave a curt nod , pivoted on his heel , and shut the door behind him .
Mamie Eisenhower relaxed her grip on the comforter , and suddenly the head of a compact , gray - haired man popped out from beneath the sheets .
“ You think he ’s onto us ? ” said Herbert Hoover .
“ Hell if I know , ” Mamie replied .
“ The man is a lunatic . ”
__
“ Retreat ! ” cried Durutte , his voice straining above the crackling musket fire and the deadly whine of grapeshot .
At Napoleon ’s headquarters , on the outskirts of Waterloo , the news had just arrived .
“ Impossible ! ” Napoleon cried .
“ Who is responsible for this debacle ? ”
At once , the crowd of assembled officers parted and Napoleon found himself face to face with Andrew Jackson .
But Andrew Jackson did not back down .
No , he returned the Emperor ’s stare , and , with a single bony thumb , he gestured over his shoulder — in the direction of MacGraw .
__
The first two wishes had been easy .
Sure , President seemed like a reach , but George W. Bush figured you only came across a genie in a lamp so many times — you might as well go for it .
As for the chocolate milkshake , well , that was a lark .
Later , he would claim that he was just testing the genie ’s powers , but in truth he ’d really wanted that milkshake , and in his heart he never regretted it .
The third wish , though , had proved more vexing than he ’d ever imagined ; and , to his own surprise , the genie ’s suggestion was starting to make sense .
“ Explain it to me one more time , ” W. said .
“ You see , master , ” the genie said , stroking his goatee , “ high earners provide the capital for business infrastructure and equity markets .
Therefore , sweeping tax cuts for corporate income , coupled with steady deregulation , will stimulate growth , the benefits of which will necessarily trickle down . ”
Years later , with the country in a shambles , the President privately wondered if he ’d been too quick to accept the genie ’s supply - side logic .
But by then the genie had his own problems : his 401 ( k ) was all but defunct , and he found himself embroiled in a major lawsuit over whether or not he had assured a previous client that “ all the riches of Araby ” were tax - exempt . ♦
Speed Drawing Madonna with Link - a- Pix
It 's not every day we find a YouTube video like this while Googling for Link - a - Pix so we thought you might enjoy it as much as us .
Speed Drawing Madonna with Link - a- Pix is a short video clip presenting a Link - a - Pix puzzle by Conceptis being solved to the sound of American Life , a pop song preformed by Madonna in 2003 .
While the puzzle is being solved , the hidden pixilated image of Madonna is rapidly revealed part after part .
Apparently , the video was captured on a computer screen during the solving process of the puzzle and was then speeded up 9 times to a total of 4:58 to fit the given length of Madonna 's song .
Madonna Louise Veronica Ciccone , also known as Madonna , is a dance - pop singer - songwriter , record and film producer , dancer , actress , author and fashion icon .
The song American Life was written by Madonna and Mirwais Ahmadzaï for Madonna 's ninth studio album American Life .
According to Wikipedia the song 's lyrics are a criticism to the American way of life .
Liked the video and have an account on YouTube ?
Leave a comment here ( and please do n't forget to vote it up with 5 Stars ! )
Related resources
Like and share
Posted by Sir Cucumber at on Wednesday , December 3 , 2008
I work for a company that runs local newspaper sites around the country , and nearly half our visitors still use IE 6 .
We design accordingly .
Seventy percent of our visitors come from search engines , almost most of which persist in going to Google and literally entering our URLs in the search box .
We hate it , but know better than to try changing their bad behavior - only government is that dumb .
Going along to get along , and giving people what they want is a time - honored tradition amongst all forms of media , the video game industry not excluded .
And it 's not because we 're a bunch of cowards - it 's because it works .
Which is why titles like The Club do n't come along every day .
Albeit an unfinished product ,
The Club innovatively challenges gamers by forcing them to play the done - to - death 3rd person shooter in a completely non-intuitive , often frustrating manner .
Like a Tolstoy or Kingsley Amis novel , The Club must be played for hours before it has any hope of being understood , much less enjoyed .
As each event in The Club 's killing olympics is based on score , and , above all , score is based on a combo multiplier that decreases increasingly faster as it grows , you must continue fragging without hesitation , but also space out the kills just enough to buoy the multiplier across distances and time trials .
In gameplay terms , this means actively unlearning everything you know about the shooter genre : instead of taking cover , you should take the hit .
Instead of searching for secrets , you should search for the exit .
Do n't walk , or sneak , or crawl or jump or lean .
Run .
If you 're not running , you should be sprinting .
Do n't reload between firefights - if you have time for that you 're not getting in enough firefights .
Shoot everyone that moves , but remember not to shoot them all at once .
What often makes the difference between first and second place in an event is memorizing the location of combo- boost skulls hidden throughout the level , disciplining yourself not to blast them until the right moment , and recognizing when that moment is .
You 'll get a certain number of " attempts " in each event , and should expect to use most if not all of them , even if you can make it through on the first try .
Believe me , the satisfaction of deriving and honing a routine , and then flawlessly executing it like some kind of dusted figure skater is worth the repetition .
In later stages you 'll balance the use of attempts for practice against hedging your bets on the likelihood you 'll be killed , which is especially fun five events into a tournament and struggling to claw your way past second place .
Do you play it safe and go for the silver , or risk losing your last attempt and thus the entire tournament ?
Sure they cut corners .
The Club lacks sufficient difference between events and characters .
It squanders the opportunity to create rewarding and succinct tournament storylines , like Tekken or Twisted Metal .
Characters never interact or directly compete with each other , and you can't punch people .
But this could all be rectified with a sequel , and The Club truly deserves one .
If you have n't expanded your horizons for mindless killing yet , I recommend you do so .
How would you write an arcade - style 2D game in CoreAnimation ?
Over the next few weeks , I 'll show you how to write a resolution independent , high - speed , model - view - controller designed , Asteroids - style arcade game using CoreAnimation as the screen renderer .
In this first of four parts , I 'll detail the concept for the overall application and show you how to create a resolution independent window for the game .
A screenshot of the finished game
CoreAnimation as a game renderer
Drawing on the Mac is normally done through either CoreGraphics or OpenGL .
OpenGL is fast , supports 2D and 3D and is already used in many games .
However , OpenGL is a low - level , pure - C API , so even simple rendering and animating of 2D surfaces can require a whole library of code to accomplish .
CoreGraphics and the NSView hierarchy are a whole library of well - written code .
They are clean to use and support a wide range of features without needing to write them yourself .
Sadly , CoreGraphics is not ideal for games since it does not easily render 30 fullscreen frames per second ( the minimum standard for action games ) — even with Quartz Extreme and the other improvements Apple has added since Mac OS X 10.0 .
This is where CoreAnimation comes in .
Apple introduced CoreAnimation in Mac OS X 10.5 ( Leopard ) to dramatically accelerate the animation of 2D rectangular textures .
Since it integrates so well into the existing CoreGraphics and NSView hierarchy on the Mac , it suddenly gives CoreGraphics a way of delivering 30 ( or more ) fullscreen frames per second and makes a writing a game possible using nothing more than the Foundation , AppKit and QuartzCore libraries .
Quartzeroids One
The application I 'll present over the next few weeks will be similar to an experiment I wrote about 8 years ago .
Back then , the application was named Quartzeroids and it was an experiment to see if NSView s were fast enough to use for a 2D Asteroids game .
The code was not good — if you find it out in the wild , keep your distance and call animal control .
Were NSView s fast enough for this type of animation ?
No , not really .
At 640 by 480 , the game played at 15 frames - per- second on my iMac G3 500 Mhz .
Computer and operating - system improvements have improved this ( newer Intel Macs can now render this old 640 by 480 screen size at more than 30 frames per second ) but even newer machines cannot maintain good frame rates at proper fullscreen resolutions of 1920 by 1200 using this approach .
Quartzeroids
Two
Since Apple released CoreAnimation 15 months ago , I had been wanting to revisit the idea .
To further increase the difficulty , I decided the project should also contain the following features :
Resolution independence ( all vector graphics and completely resizeable ) .
Proper model - view - controller implementation where the " game - state " is the model and the view is free to reinterpret the state for the purposes of display .
Fullscreen or windowed mode for display .
Rough design
A rough block diagram of the program would look like this :
The decisions I think were most significant are :
There is not a one - to - one relationship between objects in the Game Data and Layers in the Window .
The updates to the Game Data are triggered by the Game Data 's own timer , not directly by the controller ( which can start and stop but nothing further ) .
The second point is most significant when the Game Data is compared to a normal application document .
A normal document never updates itself — it only changes when instructions are sent from a controller .
In a game however , choosing when to update is a part of the game logic ( which I have included in the model ) so the controller shown here is left with only the simplest level of control .
I spent some time deliberating about whether to make the GameData a normal document object or a singleton .
A normal document style object can be swapped with another document or recreated .
A singleton is lazier and simpler since it does n't need to be connected to every object which needs to access it ( since it is globally accessible ) .
Ultimately , the convenience of a singleton won over the hypothetical flexibility of a normal document object since the game will only ever be strictly single instance .
A resolution independent , constant aspect - ratio view
To get the code started for the project , I 'll show you how the top level of the CALayer hierarchy ( named backgroundLayer in the application since it shows the background for the game ) is implemented inside the contentView for the window .
The two hardest constraints for the backgroundView are maintaining a constant aspect ratio and maintaining a constant internal coordinates when the surrounding window resizes or reshapes .
- ( void ) updateContentViewFrame : ( NSNotification * ) notification { double gameWidth = [ [ GameData sharedGameData ] gameWidth ] ; double gameHeight = [ [ GameData sharedGameData ] gameHeight ] ; NSSize contentSize = [ contentView bounds ]. size ; NSSize aspectSize = contentSize ; double scale ; if (( aspectSize .
width / aspectSize .
height ) > ( gameWidth / gameHeight ) ) { scale = aspectSize .
height / gameHeight ; aspectSize . width = aspectSize .
height * ( gameWidth / gameHeight ) ; } else { scale = aspectSize .
width / gameWidth ; aspectSize . height = aspectSize .
width * ( gameHeight / gameWidth ) ; } [ CATransaction begin ] ; [ CATransaction setValue :( id ) kCFBooleanTrue forKey : kCATransactionDisableActions ] ; backgroundLayer .
transform = CATransform3DMakeScale ( scale , scale , 1.0 ) ; backgroundLayer .
frame = CGRectMake ( 0.5 * ( contentSize . width - aspectSize . width ) , 0.5 * ( contentSize .
height - aspectSize . height ) , aspectSize .
width , aspectSize . height ) ; [ CATransaction commit ] ; [ contentView becomeFirstResponder ] ; }
The GameController adds this method as an observer of the contentView 's NSViewFrameDidChangeNotification .
The gameWidth and gameHeight methods on the GameData objecct are programmed to return values with a 16:10 ratio ( matching common widescreen computer aspect ratios ) .
The aspectSize calculated here is then the largest size that obeys this ratio and can fit inside the contentView .
Finally , the CATransform3DMakeScale transform , applied to the backgroundLayer before the frame is set , causes the backgroundLayer to always treat its internal coordinates as though they are gameWidth by gameHeight .
This will mean that any layers our game adds to the backgroundLayer 's subview hierarchy will always render at a constant fraction of the backgroundLayer 's size .
Order is important here : apply the transform after the frame is set and it will behave differently .
The other required behavior of the window is switching to fullscreen and back .
This is another task which became extremely simple in Mac OS X 10.5 :
- ( IBAction ) toggleFullscreen : ( id ) sender { if ( [ contentView isInFullScreenMode ] ) { [ contentView exitFullScreenModeWithOptions : nil ] ; } else { [ contentView enterFullScreenMode : [ [ contentView window ] screen ] withOptions : nil ] ; for ( NSView * view in [ NSArray arrayWithArray :[ contentView subviews ] ] ) { [ view removeFromSuperview ] ; [ contentView addSubview : view ] ; } } }
The " for " loop is an annoying necessity : if you do n't do this for a CoreAnimation layer - enabled NSView , then all child NSView s will fail to update correctly after a switch to fullscreen .
Conclusion
You can download Quartzeroids2 Part 1 ( 20 kb ) which shows the full implementation of the window , contentView and backgroundLayer .
A simple as this game is , it is too big to describe in one post — this is as far as I 'll get this week .
I 've presented a few goals , a rough design and the window management code for the game .
In the next post , I 'll start to put objects in the game and layers in the window .
Happstack is a refreshingly innovative web application server written in Haskell .
Leveraging the MACID state system , Happstack offers robust and scalable data access without the headache of managing a traditional RDBMS such as MySQL .
The first release was this week .
You can now get AUR packages for it :
You can follow the emergence of Happstack in these posts ,
patch - tag.com is already running on it .
An interesting religious liberty case is pending before the Supreme Court that opens an entirely new front in the war over the public display of religious symbols :
PLEASANT GROVE CITY , Utah —
Across the street from City Hall here sits a small park with about a dozen donated buildings and objects — a wishing well , a millstone from the city ’s first flour mill and an imposing red granite monument inscribed with the Ten Commandments .
Thirty miles to the north , in Salt Lake City , adherents of a religion called Summum gather in a wood and metal pyramid hard by Interstate 15 to meditate on their Seven Aphorisms , fortified by an alcoholic sacramental nectar they produce and surrounded by mummified animals .
In 2003 , the president of the Summum church wrote to the mayor here with a proposal : the church wanted to erect a monument inscribed with the Seven Aphorisms in the city park , “ similar in size and nature ” to the one devoted to the Ten Commandments .
The city declined , a lawsuit followed and a federal appeals court ruled that the First Amendment required the city to display the Summum monument .
The Supreme Court on Wednesday will hear arguments in the case , which could produce the most important free speech decision of the term .
The justices will consider whether a public park open to some donations must accept others as well .
In cases involving speeches and leaflets , the courts have generally said that public parks are public forums where the government cannot discriminate among speakers on the basis of what they propose to say .
The question of how donated objects should be treated is , however , an open one .
The city has tried to justify the distinction between the two statutes by saying they are meant to represent history , not religion :
Only donations concerning the city ’s history are eligible for display in the park as a matter of longstanding policy , he said , and only when donated by groups with a long association with the city .
The Fraternal Order of Eagles , a national civic organization , donated the Ten Commandments monument in 1971 .
The donations , Mr. Daniels went on , are transformed when the city accepts them .
“ Monuments on government property become government speech , ” he said .
Under the First Amendment , the government can generally say what it likes without giving equal time to opposing views ; it has much less latitude to choose among private speakers .
Asked what the government is saying when it displays the Ten Commandments , Mr. Daniels talked about law and history .
He did not mention religion .
Pressed a little , he retreated .
“ The fact that we own the monument does n’t mean that what is on the monument is something we are espousing , promoting , establishing , embracing , ” Mr. Daniels said .
“ We ’re looking at , Does it fit with the heritage of the people of this area ? ”
Lawyers for the Summum ’s , however , say that it is a clear example of government preferring one form of religious expression over another :
Brian M. Barnard , a lawyer for the Summum church , said the city ’s distinctions were cooked up after the fact as a way to reject his client ’s monument .
The local chapter of the Eagles , Mr. Barnard added , had only been in town two years when it donated the Ten Commandments monument .
“ We have a city that will allow one organization to put up its religious ideals and principles , ” Mr. Barnard said .
“ When the next group comes along , they wo n’t allow it to put up its religious ideals and principles . ”
And those differing views have continued before the Supreme Court :
The city , supported by more than 20 cities and states , along with the federal government , has told the Supreme Court that the upshot of affirming the appeals court decision would be to clutter public parks across the nation with offensive nonsense .
A town accepting a Sept. 11 memorial would also have to display a donated tribute to Al Qaeda , the briefs said .
“ Accepting a Statue of Liberty , ” the city ’s brief said , should not “ compel a government to accept a Statue of Tyranny . ”
The brief for the Summum church said the relevant dispute was much narrower .
“ The government , ” it said , “ may not take sides in a theological debate . ”
That , it seems , is exactly what the city is going in this case and it seems to be exactly what the First Amendment prohibits .
Opinion
Crises in Both Parties /
The ' party of Lincoln ' and Sen. Thurmond
Trent Lott 's present difficulties merit a quiet reflection on the history and change in the Republican Party during the last half century .
Sen .
Strom Thurmond has had an impact on the lives of many beside Lott , in that he was probably the primary factor in Richard Nixon 's winning the presidency in 1968 .
Until 1967 , I had been a small - town lawyer with little interest in politics save civil rights .
But that year , our Congressman died suddenly and I was unexpectedly elected to represent San Mateo County in Congress in a special election , the first Republican to run in opposition to the Vietnam War .
In the summer of 1968 I went to my first national Republican convention in Miami to work for the nomination of Nelson Rockefeller , who was was challenging the favorite , former Vice President Nixon .
The polls showed Nixon had close to 650 committed delegates .
As I remember , Nixon needed 675 votes on the first ballot to win .
After talking with a number of his delegates , it became apparent that many did not like him personally , but were committed to him solely for the first ballot because of an appearance he had made in their hometown in earlier years .
It also became apparent that after the first ballot , many of those delegates would desert him , because they were far more attracted to the new conservative Republican star , California Gov. Ronald Reagan , than they were to New York Governor Rockefeller .
On the second day of the convention , as I went walking through one of those huge Miami Beach hotels , I heard Thurmond speak to an audience of Southerners .
The gist of Thurmond 's message was clear : You Southern Republicans want to vote for Reagan because he's the true conservative , but stick with Nixon on the first ballot because he has promised , if elected , to stop enforcing the Civil Rights and Voting Right Acts of 1964 and 1965 .
( So far as any of us knew ,
Nixon had been a civil - rights supporter during his tenure as Dwight Eisenhower 's vice president . )
His message got across .
The following day , enough of the Southerners stuck with Nixon to put him barely over the top , with about a dozen ballots above the 675 required .
In November , Nixon barely edged out a fast - closing Vice President Hubert Humphrey , in part because Humphrey was tainted with the Vietnam War policies of the Johnson Administration and Nixon had hinted at a secret plan " to end the war . "
Following the election , California 's Bob Finch , John Veneman and my former law partner , Lewis Butler were sworn in , respectively , as secretary , assistant secretary and secretary for policy for Health , Education and Welfare .
We all had high hopes for an early end to the Vietnam War and continuing progress to achieve equal rights for minorities .
In the spring , when Finch and Veneman were traveling outside of Washington , Butler served briefly as acting Secretary of HEW .
A call came from the White House .
It was Bob Mardian , later to be indicted for his role in the Watergate coverup .
He did n't mince words : Leon Panetta , who was then director of HEW 's Office of Civil Rights , had to be fired .
His offense , Mardian explained , was for enforcing the Civil Rights Act .
" Does n't he understand Nixon promised the Southern delegates he would stop enforcing the Civil Rights and Voting Rights Acts ? "
Upon their return to Washington , Finch and Veneman threatened to resign if forced to fire Panetta .
Nixon , never one to relish confrontation , called off the dogs for the time being .
Several weeks later , however , Panetta , seeing the handwriting on the wall , resigned , returned to California , switched to the Democratic Party and ran for Congress , unseating a long - term Monterey Republican , Burt Talcott .
He was joined in 1974 by Norm Mineta of Santa Clara County , and I learned that all three of my South Bay colleagues -- Leon Panetta , Norm Mineta and the distinguished dean of the California Democrats , Don Edwards , had once been Republicans , but had left the party , in large part because of the switch in civil - rights philosophy .
( Don Edwards had once been President of California 's Young Republicans . )
I muse sometimes that I should have done the same , that Nixon 's callous adoption of his " Southern strategy " in 1968 , made successful by Thurmond 's persuasive impact on enough Southern Republicans get those additional votes at the 1968 convention , may have won the battle , but lost the war to keep the Republican Party the party of Lincoln .
Trent Lott 's comment " If we 'd elected Strom Thurmond in 1948 , we would n't have had all these problems over all these years " is an unfortunate commentary for the nation 's majority party , which should , simply on principle , seek to continue the painful , long - term battle for equal rights and dignity for blacks and other minorities .
Until our nation finally achieves that equality of respect and dignity , we will never fulfill the high principles our political leaders are constantly espousing , nor will we have the inner strength and high principles required to lead the world toward peace under world law .
Strom Thurmond left the Democratic party as a matter of principle in 1948 .
Unless the Republicans forcefully repudiate Lott in 2003 , a lot of us may be forced to consider a similar resignation from the Republican Party , purely as a matter of principle .
With news today of Windows 7 being made available in no less than six different versions , it is getting harder and harder to not move lock , stock , and PGP key to Linux on a full time basis .
Except …
For decades , I have listened to my father gripe about the computer industry and their inability to standardize on hardware .
This has bitten me on occasion , especially when playing RAM bingo in the late 90s , but currently the hardware issue is affecting my ability to move to Linux .
I have a laptop .
It is my primary desktop , terminal server , packet platform , entertainment centre and core of my electronic world .
It is commodity hardware .
It has a wireless card that is not Linux friendly .
It is a Marvell Topdog 802.11 a/g/n .
I originally tried to load Fedora Core 8 on this machine and it failed miserably because of the lack of wireless support .
Turns out there were a couple of other chips in there that came out of the Marvell plant as well that just made using Linux a non-starter .
All the components have to work , not 80 % of them , so I loaded Vista and was content do run my Linux in a VM when I needed to use it , sure in the knowledge that someone would crack the code .
That was two years ago and I really never got around to looking up a solution .
A little searching this morning shows that there have been advances .
There are hacks using the NDIS driver under Ubuntu to make the card work , but I have not seen any articles on a native driver in the Linux distributions for it .
There is a driver on the Marvell site for Yukon devices that is listed as running under Linux 2.6 - Fedora but I have not had the time to try it , so I can not affirm that it works .
If you have tried it , please let me know your results .
Moving to Linux should not be a difficult task .
I should be able to walk into any big box store , slap down my $ 300 for a laptop or desktop and walk out .
I should not be stymied by hardware .
But the sad news is that it is getting harder , instead of easier .
I should not have to look up the chipset of every component in the box and compare it to a list of approved hardware .
I should not have to keep a list of approved Linux hardware vendor websites book marked .
A Personal Computer should run whatever operating system I need .
We are getting close to that point , but we are not quite there yet .
Maybe this weekend I will get around to moving to Linux on this machine , but , more likely , I will wait for my next PC .
A historic violin was played for the first time in almost 144 years this week in a special concert to celebrate the 200th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln 's birth .
Save money on Violins now
The musical instrument was being played in the orchestra on the night that Lincoln was assassinated at the Ford Theatre on April 15th 1865 and had not been used since .
However , it was brought out of retirement for a special anniversary show at the famous auditorium , which was attended by president Barack Obama and his family .
Grammy Award - winning virtuoso Joshua Bell , who was in Washington to perform at the nearby Strathmore theatre , played traditional spiritual My Lord , What a Morning on the violin to open the concert .
The violin was a relatively new one by Bell 's standards , as he usually performs with a 300 - year - old Stradivarius , the famous Gibson ex-Huberman Stradivarius , which was partly named after its previous owner , the great Bronislaw Huberman .
Save money on Violins today .
AMERICA ON THE BRINK
By Paul Walter
December 22 , 2008
NewsWithViews.com
PREDICTIONS
Political Correctness and Freedom of Speech
The first thing that Socialists do when they gain power is try to silence free speech .
Conservative Talk radio hosts such as Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Glen Beck , Laura Ingram , Lou Dobbs , etc. are already being criticized by “ Progressives ” in Congress .
There is a serious effort underway right now to bring back a failed law , the oxymoronic " Fairness Doctrine , " in a bold , open attempt to silence opposing political views .
Internet news sites such as WorldNetDaily.com , NewsWithViews.com , DrudgeReport.com , InfoWars.com and many others will be silenced along with talk radio .
In order for darkness ( lies ) to prevail , light ( truth ) has to be snuffed out .
Public scrutiny and criticism of elected officials will be forbidden .
Any person exposing political corruption will be labeled anti-government .
If they persist in attempting to correct that political corruption , they will be called a terrorist !
All police departments around the country will be required to have terrorist units .
[ In a communist country of my birth I remember that one could criticize any capitalist country one wishes as long as it was n't yours or another communist country .
Criticism of any official brought police in black uniform to your door usually at night when everyone was asleep . ]
Religious Persecution and Sharia Law
Traditional churches will be attacked by Socialists , Feminists and Homosexuals .
Christians will increasingly be ridiculed and called bigots because of their religious beliefs .
Church services will be regularly disrupted .
Under pressure , many church leaders will give - in , capitulating for the sake of peace .
They will give up their moral principles , or face the anti-discrimination laws that will be passed to force churches , organizations and people to comply with the immoral doctrines of the socialist , secular humanists .
Since Christians are extremely apathetic today anyway , Islam will begin to become “ acceptable ” as an alternative to Christianity in America .
It ’s already spreading like wildfire in America ’s prisons .
Islamic ( religious ) Sharia law has gained a foothold in Great Britain and other European countries , with little or no opposition from Christian leadership .
Sharia Law is not compatible with the U.S. Constitution or America 's concept of religious freedom .
Civilian National Security Force & Community Service
Already we hear the call for mandatory national , community service for our young people .
This thinly disguised program will be used to turn one part of our citizenry against the other , by creating a supreme sense of “ duty ” and “ obedience ” by one group that will instill a sense of “ fear and obedience ” in another group .
It is nothing more than a sinister monitoring and control system where neighbors monitor and report on neighbors .
To make sure the community service system works , the other component of this “ control system ” is some form of a “ Civilian Security Force . ”
The first community service program will be used as a recruiting pool for placing the “ right people ” in these roles .
By right people , I mean those who are fully indoctrinated into a socialist mindset .
They ’ll become the eyes and ears of “ Big Brother . ”
What will it be called here in America ?
Something patriotic sounding and acceptable .
The next step would be compulsory community service programs for everyone , regardless of age .
You will be forced to “ volunteer ” your free labor to serve the community ; all for the good of the state .
Public schools will be used as reeducation centers for all citizens .
Hitler and Stalin did the same .
Re-distribution of Wealth and Economics
Once all of the above have been implemented , the “ haves ” will be forced to share with the “ have - nots . ”
Remember , Government does n’t create wealth ; it gets its money from those who work .
Advertisement
Due to the severe economic conditions we are all seeing getting worse by the day , the bankrupt financial industry , dead real estate market , failing auto manufacturing , and empty retail stores , all set the stage for the epic economic collapse of America .
Most of you do not understand the extreme nature of this problem .
Huge government spending , massive stimulus packages and bailouts cannot be sustained .
Add to that the promised huge Public Works programs that the next president wants enacted and the federal budget deficit will soar exponentially .
None of it will help .
The full financial burden will be continually and increasingly placed onto the backs of taxpayers ( you and me ) .
Expect first deflation as the economy fails and then high inflation will kick in for anything of real value , and then the depression will begin as the entire economy collapses .
Retirement and Euthanasia
If you have more than one retirement income on top of your Social Security you will only be allowed to keep one and forced to give up the rest , all in the name of saving the bankrupt country that was created by the socialists in the first place .
Euthanasia , also known as “ Death with Dignity , ” will be expanded to all 50 states .
The real purpose is to reduce the numbers of the older generation that they say are “ sucking on society . ”
Stalin and Hitler referred to the elderly as “ useless eaters ” who are no longer productive and represent a real burden on the bankrupted economy .
Forced Vaccinations
Forced vaccinations are on the horizon , as part of a national health plan that will “ be needed ” to address a national health crises .
Forced vaccinations by the police for all citizens will follow , regardless of your objections .
There will be no recourse to their possible deadly side effects .
You will not be able to sue .
Laws protecting the government , drug manufacturers , doctors and county health official from liability and lawsuits are already on the books .
You will be stuck with the medical bills .
Food Shortages
Starvation of biblical proportions are coming .
Religious groups and people with just a little insight of the future , who prepare and store food for emergencies , will be targeted and labeled as “ Food Hoarders . ”
Neighbors will be encouraged to report on their neighbors ’ food supply .
The insightful who have prepared will have their food confiscated by the police “ for the common good ” of course .
It is wise to have at least 60 day supply of storable food on hand for any emergency .
Click here for details .
Population Control and the Environment
Various methods will be used to force rural residents off their land and into cities where they can be controlled .
Some of the methods already being used are excessive taxation , regulation and condemning your septic system all in the name of public health of course .
Advertisement
Another way to control a rural population , is to stop you from heating your home with wood , all in the name of global warming , carbon emissions , and to help seniors with asthma , etc .
It is already happening in California , where the new smoke police are driving around looking for smoke coming from people ’s woodstoves or fireplaces and writing hefty tickets .
Unopposed Compliance
Despots and dictators count on the loyalty of the police to carry out their orders and dirty work .
Without their loyalty and obedience they can't be dictators .
It will be done the same way here .
Stalin used the police to go door to door to confiscate the people ’s food and enforce obedience to the state .
Those who refused to comply were shot on the spot .
Stalin was also hero worshipped .
Is history repeating itself ?
( see History Channel DVD titled : “ Stalin Man of Steel ” ) .
Hitler ’s police sold their soul for a paycheck to round up Jewish men , women and children and anyone else he considered undesirable , and then shipped them to extermination camps .
Two thousand years ago Roman cops sold their soul for a bag of salt by obeying orders to nail an innocent man to the cross .
Let 's hope that our men and women in uniform will see the light , wake up to the evil sweeping this country , because their children and grandchildren will be enslaved too .
I am a fervent believer and supporter of our police .
I know most of them are decent , and would never comply with or obey such orders .
But the scoundrels among them will .
Second Amendment
America ’s Socialists will make every attempt to disarm the American population , just as their counerparts have done in other socialist countries .
Dictators can only rule unarmed populations .
Despots always fear an armed populace .
In Conclusion
Over the last 20 years and at great expense , I have been paying for ads in the local newspaper and writing letters to the editor alerting the public to the dangers that are emerging locally and nationally .
I make no claim to being the brightest star in the sky , but I can surely see what is coming .
The courthouse good - old - boys are not stupid .
They also know what is coming , yet they do nothing to inform the public , instead , they assassinate the character of those that do .
Why are they keeping this information from the public ?
Because an enlightened informed public can not be controlled , only the ignorant can .
Some local officials have tried to discredit me by assassinating my character .
They are afraid you ’ll learn the truth , and THAT scares them .
My family managed to escape the slavery of communism in 1956 .
Therefore I have first hand knowledge of what communism / socialism is .
I know how it operates .
Let me be clear , socialism / communism mean the same thing .
Socialism is a watered down , politically correct word used by communists to “ con ” unsuspecting people into “ accepting ” this political system .
Communism has a bad name in the Western world , that ’s why communists now call themselves socialists , or in the United States , they also call themselves “ Progressives . ”
There is no difference , both want government control of your life and business from cradle to grave .
Eventually peoples lives and businesses get so over regulated that the country dies from within .
Socialism robs people of the incentive to create and produce wealth because through oppressive taxes and regulations , they are not allowed to keep the fruits of their labor .
Under socialism , patriotism , individualism and entrepreneurship are destroyed .
I served 3 years in the U.S. armed forces and I was proud to become a U.S. citizen .
I was at awe when I came to America that a country existed on this planet where a person could own their own business .
Through hard work , the sky was the limit !
I love America , and that is why I hate to see it descend into the very socialism my family fought so hard to escape from .
Under socialism / communism with all the regulations and taxes it 's almost impossible to stay in business and keep any money the business generates .
Since America gave me an opportunity for a life of liberty and created an environment that allows all of us the pursuit of happiness , I feel I owe something in return to this country , in its hour of need .
This is why I speak out when I see corruption and / or incompetence in government .
There is n’t another America to escape to .
Related Articles :
1. Is Bernard Madoff Running the Federal Government ?
2. Pravda Americana
3. SWAT Team Conducts Food Raids in Rural Ohio
University workers in the Canadian Union of Public Employees have passed a controversial motion calling for an academic boycott of Israel , and union members from at least one Toronto university are planning to pressure their school to cut any financial ties with the country .
Although the motion did n't call for a boycott of individual Israeli academics - as some union members had suggested last month - it encourages union locals to publicly discuss boycotting Israeli universities and to push Canadian universities to end any research or investments that could benefit the Israeli army .
Members of Jewish organizations say the motion sets a dangerous precedent by singling out Israel and vow to keep fighting it .
Delegates representing university workers in CUPE 's Ontario branch , which represents 200,000 government and other public sector workers , voted on the motion at a meeting in Windsor .
The committee , which represents the union 's university workers , called on the union to develop an education campaign on what its proponents label Israel 's " apartheid " practices , such as building a wall around Palestinian territory and invading the Gaza Strip in December ; asks the union to back an international campaign of sanctions and boycotts against the country and asks the national union to start researching Canadian connections to Israel 's occupation of the Palestinian territories .
The boycott , however , stopped short of calling for Canadian universities to ban Israeli academics , an idea previously floated by CUPE Ontario President Sid Ryan .
" ( We want to ) do what we can in a peaceful way to end the occupation of Palestine , " Ryan said , adding that the idea of the motion is to boycott research that helps the Israeli military and to investigate any ties between Canadian universities and Israel , not to ban individual Israeli professors .
How the motion is put into place will be left up to individual union locals , he said .
At least one Toronto local was planning to support the boycott .
" This is a disastrous and horrific situation that 's developed ( in Israel ) , especially in light of recent events in Gaza , " said Tyler Shipley , spokesperson for CUPE local 3903 , which represents contract faculty and teaching assistants at York University .
" It 's just unconscionable for us not to take some sort of action . "
Shipley says his local will be pushing York to sever its financial ties to Israel .
Local 3903 will also be backing the events of Israeli Apartheid Week , an annual series of lectures and panel discussions opposing Israel 's presence in the Palestinian territories , scheduled for next week .
" It 's important that we get our institution here to grapple with its ties to the Israeli state , " Shipley said .
" This is a colonial state , this is a state that has been perpetrating unspeakable human rights abuses . "
Jewish groups and some of CUPE 's own unions opposed the motion .
" Here we have a situation where a once - proud union has sunk so low as to have a small group put forward a motion that is , on its face , bigoted and discriminatory and anti-Jewish , " said Bernie M. Farber , chief executive officer of the Canadian Jewish Congress , who argues that the motion is discriminatory because it targets a single country .
He notes that the union is n't , for instance , calling for a boycott of Sudan over alleged human rights abuses in Darfur .
" The sole target is Jews , is Israel , " he said .
Farber called on the national union not to put the motion into practice .
The Congress pointed out that the motion was adopted by a committee of the union and not the entire membership .
Others in the Jewish community were more fearful of the motion 's consequences .
" Our fear and our concern is that there could be violence against Jewish workers , " said Meir Weinstein , national director of the Jewish Defence League of Canada , which is considered a radical group .
" Wherever there are calls for a boycott of Israel and the Jewish state , there is violence against Jews . "
Weinstein fears that the tensions on some university campuses - where pro-Palestinian campaigners have scuffled with pro-Israeli students - could boil over into the other workplaces that CUPE represents .
Estimates on the number of people who showed up to protest CUPE 's meeting in Windsor varied - from 35 reported by CUPE to more than 100 estimated by Weinstein .
They were met with pro-Palestinian demonstrators .
Rafeef Ziadeh , a teaching assistant at York and CUPE member , however , said the discussion of the motion at CUPE 's meeting in Windsor was civilized .
" The debate was very , very respectful , in CUPE style , " she said .
The final vote passed with a clear majority .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
For the most part , the union will start searching for connections between Israeli institutions , such as the army , and Canadian ones , such as its universities , she said .
CUPE passed a second motion to send statements to universities asking them to allow debates on Israel to happen on their campuses , she said .
The Jewish Defence League , meanwhile , is planning a meeting for tomorrow night to discuss how to oppose the resolution now that its been adopted .
Read more about :
A 49 - year - old Phoenix schoolteacher told investigators she lured a 14 - year - old student into a Tempe hotel room and had sex with him to keep the boy from sleeping with her goddaughter , according to Maricopa County authorities .
Criminal charges filed Tuesday against Rosanna Encinas Brown accuse the Pastor Elementary School teacher of three Class 2 felony counts of sexual conduct with a minor , a dangerous crime against children .
" Brown admitted to having sex with the victim to prevent the boy from having sex with his girlfriend , whom Brown claims is her goddaughter , " County Attorney Andrew Thomas said .
The 14 - year - old accuser told sheriff 's deputies that Brown sent a text message to his phone on Jan. 31 claiming to be his girlfriend , according to a probable - cause statement .
The boy stated Brown lured him into a darkened Tempe hotel room where the pair had sex .
Afterward , the boy said that when he opened his cellphone the light from the phone revealed that the other person in the room was his teacher .
The boy said he left the room and called his mother , who then rushed to the hotel and called 911 , according to a probable - cause statement .
Sheriff 's deputies responded within minutes and arrested Brown .
Skip to comments .
President Obama 's first call ' was to President Abbas '
timesonline.co.uk ^ | January 22 , 2009 | Tom Baldwin
Posted on by Free ThinkerNY
President Obama placed the Middle East at the forefront of his first hours in office yesterday as he sought to make good on his promise of ushering in a new era of peace .
In a flurry of telephone calls from the Oval Office , he reached out to leaders in the region and vowed to engage immediately in pursuit of a permanent Arab - Israeli settlement .
The spokesman for President Abbas revealed that Mr Obama had told the Palestinian leader that their conversation was his first with a foreign statesman since taking office .
Mr Obama also spoke to President Mubarak of Egypt , Ehud Olmert , the Israeli Prime Minister , and King Abdullah of Jordan .
( Excerpt ) Read more at timesonline .co.uk ...
TOPICS :
Israel
News / Current Events
KEYWORDS :
abbas
abumazen
agenda
bho44
bhomiddleeast
bible
bo
democrat
democrats
dhimmicrats
fatah
firsthundreddays
gaza
gazas
hamas
husseinobama
idiotalert
islam
israel
jihad
jihadlover
lastdays
leftists
muslims
obama
obamaspals
palestinefirst
proarab
prophecy
roadmap
stealthjihad
stuckonstupid
terrorism
unholyalliance
vikingkitties
westerncivilization
zot
To : Free ThinkerNY
That ’s great .
You ’d think he would put America first .
To : Free ThinkerNY
Who else would you expect someone named Hussein to call first ?
To : Free ThinkerNY
That ’s nice .
And our allies can wait their turns ?
Canada ?
England ?
France ?
Germany ?
Japan ?
I would have thought there were about a hundred heads of state he should have called before Abbas .
To : Free ThinkerNY
“ peace ” as defined by the koran and muslims .
To : Free ThinkerNY
I think I would have called our largest trading partner , and multi- thousand mile border - neighbor Canada first .
Then our closest military ally , the U.K .
But , that ’s just me .
To : Free ThinkerNY
Do these calls count as “ terrorist chatter ” ?
Just wondering .
by 7 posted onby noiseman ( The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing . )
To : Free ThinkerNY
is first call is to him , and his first action is to stop the 9 - 11 terrorist trials so they can get additional rights in the US courts .
Way to go hussien !
To : Free ThinkerNY
Somehow , I think I would have felt better if it had been to Gordon Brown .
But that 's just me , I guess .
ML/NJ
To : Cicero
THere ya go , thinking the old way again .
Friends who have stood by you for decades are just part of the problem .
Do I need a sarc tag ?
by 10 posted onby driftdiver ( I could eat it raw , but why do that when I have a fire . )
To : Free ThinkerNY
Did he call Castro too ?
ML/NJ
To : Free ThinkerNY
Muzzie talking to Muzzie ?
To : Free ThinkerNY
Boy .. all the various news of Obama ’s plans to destroy our country and Israel are coming out fast and furious tonight .
Last one standing .. turn out the lights please .. that is if we have any lights left burning after he destroys our energy sector too .
by 13 posted onby penelopesire ( " The only CHANGE you will get with the Democrats is the CHANGE left in your pocket " )
To : Free ThinkerNY
Ring ... Ring ... Ring ...
Abbas : " Hello ... President Obama ... is that you ? "
Obama : " Allahu Akbar . "
To : noiseman
Do these calls count as terrorist chatter ?
Just wondering .
It wo n't when he reverses the Patriot Act .
by 15 posted onby fanfan ( Update on Constitutional Crisis in Canada ..... Click user name )
To : Free ThinkerNY
Just damn .
To : RolandTignor
That s great .
Youd think he would put America first .
I agree , his first call should have been to the President of the United States .
To : penelopesire
... that is if we have any lights left burning after he destroys our energy sector too .
You nailed that one too , , , , it looks like Hussein is about to stop offshore drilling .
To : Free ThinkerNY
Wonder what Israel must be thinking ....
To : Free ThinkerNY
In a flurry of telephone calls from the Oval Office , he reached out to leaders in the region and vowed to engage immediately in pursuit of a permanent Arab - Israeli settlement .
Finally we have a leader who gets it and we can soon have peace in the world .
/s ROTFLMAO because of the cool aid drinkers of hope and change .
by 20 posted onby EGPWS ( Trust in God , Question everyone else )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Since Facebook ’s recent PR disaster with their proposed new Terms of Service I ’ve had a lot of my friends there sign up for Twitter accounts .
This is primarily a reference for them , but hopefully you ’ll get something of value out of it as well …
I should also point out that I myself am pretty much done with Facebook , so do n’t be surprised when I bash it .
There are two very big differences between Facebook and Twitter , besides the fact that Facebook = The Internet for babies ( see ? ) :
Whereas Facebook is a semi- private network of trusted friends ( in theory , anyway ) Twitter is a public forum .
Unlike Facebook , Twitter wo n’t notify you of what you ’ve missed while you were away .
The best metaphor I ’ve read for it likens it to a stream that you fish from — that is , you do n’t worry about the fish that you miss .
Okay , so now that you ’re on Twitter , what do you do ?
1. Follow Twitter_Tips and read every link they post .
This was a great resource for me when I started out with Twitter — after a few days of diligent reading you ’ll quickly become familiar with Twitter fundamentals like #hashtags , @replies , Direct Messages and Retweets .
Peter Cashmore at Mashable is another good account to follow .
I ’m sure there are more …
2. Choose the Twitter that fits .
Possible ways you can use Twitter include :
Facebook - style status updates –
This is fine if you want to keep your Twitter followers to a small circle of people you already know .
Keep in mind , though , that your chances of gaining new followers with this approach are close to zero — nobody you do n’t know gives a rat ’s ass about the awesome sandwich you just ate .
An RSS feed – Lots of bloggers use Twitter to announce new posts .
The good ones will actually check their Twitter accounts to see if anyone cares .
A starfuck – Hey , if you want to join the other tens hundreds of thousands of sheep and follow the daily tedium of Stephen Fry or some other celebrity , who am I to stop you ?
It ’s a step up from People Magazine , I guess …
An open channel of communication to a product or service – Companies that get this — like Starbucks and Jet Blue Airways — engage their customers in a way that was n’t previously possible .
If you ’re a loyal customer of a specific brand you might want to check and see if they ’ve got a Twitter account .
A back - channel for bloggers and other professionals within a specific industry or discipline – With the overwhelming number of smart folks on it , Twitter is probably the best public forum for any specific topic .
This is how I use Twitter , specifically for technology and politics .
Even if you happen to be a dear friend , if you ’re not twittering on either of these topics I may choose not to follow you — which brings us to …
3 . Find your own rules for following .
There are a lot of differing opinions on this .
Some believe that you should follow everyone who follows you , as a courtesy if nothing else .
I prefer to take advantage of the way Twitter has implemented following as a mutually non-binding act — if you make interesting tweets I will find and follow you sooner or later ; if you do n’t I need to keep my incoming stream free and clear for things I actually want to read .
With this approach comes the understanding that some people will follow me and then quickly un - follow when I do n’t follow them back .
That ’s fine .
Twitter is n’t a popularity contest , at least for me .
… And that ’s about all I can think of for now .
This is n’t meant to be an exhaustive guide to Twitter , but hopefully it will be enough to get you started .
Oh , and one more point of order for Facebook refugees :
You do n’t have to start your tweets with “ is ” — honest !
NEW YORK -- Rickey Henderson dashed into the Hall of Fame on his first try .
Jim Rice made it with a final swing .
It 's hard to imagine their induction speeches will have much in common , either .
" I 'm going to leave all the stories to Rickey , " Rice said , confirming that his remarks in Cooperstown this summer are likely to match his personality .
" Believe me , it 's going to be short and quick .
I do n't think you need to go there and talk for 15 or 20 minutes when you can get right to the point . "
That never stopped Henderson -- but neither did opposing pitchers or catchers during his 25 - year career .
The undisputed standard for leadoff hitters , Henderson received 94.8 percent of the vote from the Baseball Writers ' Association of America in balloting announced Monday , well above the 75 percent needed .
Rice , among the game 's most feared sluggers in the late 1970s and early 1980s , got 76.4 percent in his 15th and final year on the ballot after falling just shy with 72.2 percent last year .
" The only thing I can say is I 'm glad it 's over with , " the Boston outfielder said .
" I 'm in there and they can't take it away . "
Henderson , baseball 's career leader in runs scored and stolen bases , became the 44th player elected in his first year of eligibility .
Rice was only the third elected by the BBWAA in his final year , joining Red Ruffing ( 1967 ) and Ralph Kiner ( 1975 ) .
The pair will be inducted into the Hall during ceremonies on July 26 in Cooperstown , N.Y. Former Yankees and Indians second baseman Joe Gordon , elected posthumously last month by the Veterans Committee , will also be inducted .
" I feel great about it .
It 's been a long time coming , " Henderson said .
" I was nervous , waiting . "
Henderson spoke on a conference call before boarding a flight to New York .
He was rushing right along , even on this day .
Only fitting .
Next up , his highly anticipated induction speech .
Known for his confounding comments , Henderson has a penchant for referring to himself in the third person -- at any point during an amusing stream of sometimes indecipherable chatter .
Bob Chapman | February 18 , 2009
The masters of the universe flashing their Ivy League degrees and their doctorates led us to believe that there was nothing they could n’t handle .
They told us they had the experience and academic qualifications to reflate any unfolding bust .
The result over the past 20 months has left us further in the hole than when we started .
Credit is barely available to the vast majority of borrowers and at usurious rates considering what banks are paying the Fed to borrow funds .
Financial , monetary and economic solutions have not worked .
The policy is the Treasury and the Fed throw money and credit at the mess they ’ve created .
All they have done is bail out the banking , brokerage and insurance communities to the detriment of everyone else .
How can we expect the people who caused the problem to solve it ?
This is the group that created the greatest policy blunders of all - time .
They have proven they are not masters of the universe , but boneheads .
The dearth of policymaking competence on the downside of the cycle has been proportional to the financial excesses of the preceding boom .
The comparison stands strongly beside the decisions of the 1930s .
Thus far inflation has staved off deflation , but how long can that last , and at what ultimate cost ?
Are we to see dollar devaluation , default and the destruction of the social and political fabric of our nation , as a result of these policies ?
We are already seeing thousands of our combat troops being shifted from Iraq to bases in our country to be trained in riot control for anticipated social unrest due to the failed monetary , fiscal and economic policies of our elitists .
This reflects the abysmal failure of all previous policies .
Can you imagine that $ 12 to $ 13 trillion has been spent and we are nowhere near solving the problem created by the Fed , the last two administrations , banking and Wall Street ?
Entities that have never done anything for the American public .
The result of such policies is a debt bubble , the result of which will be an extension of the bad policies that brought us failure in the first place .
The result will be greater problems further down the road that will end in a severe depression , a massive wealth transfer and significant hardship and perhaps even revolution .
The bigger the debt bubble the bigger the outrage and social and political fallout .
There is now no way out .
The price has to be paid and that price is far greater than it had to have been .
The result has been an even greater proportion of wealth has shifted to Wall Street and banking and their mega - wealthy client base , while the average citizen has been saddled with unpayable , unmanageable debt , and negative net worth .
This is accompanied by virtually no savings .
The inflated expectations are now disappointment and despair that no TARP or stimulus package can mend .
As the citizens ’ wealth has been distributed to the rich our Congress makes sure that wealth stays in the hands of the wealthy .
If those avenues are not totally successful our court system is brought into play to make sure the right people stay rich if not richer .
This is what profligate monetary policy by the Fed and free trade , globalization , offshoring and outsourcing have brought us .
None of these policies have helped Americans .
It has left them buried in debt as their jobs moved to China , India and elsewhere and they were forced to lose their $ 30.00 an hour jobs for $ 15.00 an hour jobs , if they were lucky .
We wo n’t get any of those jobs back until we erect tariffs on goods and services .
We are now witnessing a shift in policy .
The bankers and Wall Street are still being kept afloat via massive capital injections , but we are seeing big government making sure that a pittance of stimulus falls through the cracks , like crumbs from a table , into the hands and mouths of our dispossessed citizens .
These paragons of liberalism give us more socialism in place of fascism as an answer .
Classically the next step is to raise taxes on the rich and vilify Wall Street and banking for their greed .
This is followed by a righteous call for re-regulation .
This course is accompanied by the imposition of government influence and control over everything we do .
Lawmakers only have their hands out .
They do not care what is going on as long as they are paid off .
There is no misunderstanding within the beltway , only greed and the quest for power .
The incoherence is deliberate .
Again , the life of the depression is being deliberately extended in order to complete the wealth distribution process .
Money has to be sucked from the workers within the economy until the final destructive process begins .
The more protracted the depression the greater the suffering and hardship .
Soon the distraction of war will begin as it always has in the past .
Millions will die in order to reduce what the elitists call ‘ useless eaters ’ .
Then will come the new world order and the enslavement of mankind .
If you want to wait for this to happen so be it .
If you do not want everything you hold dear to be destroyed you had better start doing something about it now .
Otherwise you will be fighting in the streets for your very survival .
It has been 22 months since we called the top of the market .
No one was listening and most investors lost 40 % of their assets .
They listened to the experts ; their brokers , CNBC , the genus media and Wall Street and now they face the losses of another 40 % or more .
Yet they still do not listen .
Even newsletter writers do not get it .
Only several have made the call and as far as we can see only a few really understand what is going on .
The system is n’t being fixed ; it is only being extended .
The fraud continues via Wall Street , banking and their power behind government .
There is now no question that the financial system is insolvent .
It is only a matter of time before it collapses .
The financial solution is a purge , but those running this fraud wo n’t allow that to happen .
In the meantime , as we discussed in the last issue , the dollar has cut its ties to gold and silver .
Thus the next step is a major breakout .
Then both metals will take on a life of their own .
We still believe the economy can be held afloat in spite of its condition for another two years despite the increase in deflation .
We still do n’t see the elements of collapse , but it is on the way .
Be patient , it will arrive and you wo n’t like it .
The elements that brought about this horrible situation are starting to be recognized as the culprits and for the criminals that they are .
If we were they we ’d quickly go into hiding because we do not give five cents for their chance of survival .
Over the next two years the impact of events will be staggering .
Wall Street and banking will get their comeuppance from the public , who do n’t really understand how really corrupt and deadly they are .
The public is not trained to and can never understand how evil and diabolical these people are .
They are willing to take down the entire world economic and financial system to bring about their satanic dreams of world government .
The average decent mind cannot conceive of something so evil .
These are the people who deliberately wrecked our economy via free trade , globalization , offshoring and outsourcing .
America cannot ever recover unless tariffs on goods and services are imposed .
The plug has already been pulled on manufacturing .
Next is consumer consumption , the next three to four years in housing , then Wall Street , banking and insurance .
The collapse we see in the distance will bring about social dislocation and Martial law .
The Illuminists know this and are laying the preparations now to subdue the people .
The question is will our military shoot their own fellow citizens ?
We believe 90 % will not .
That 10 % that attempt to will be killed by their own troops .
That is why at this point we believe we can work with the American military .
We expect revolutions worldwide , so we do not expect many foreign troops to interfere .
Let ’s say Argentina sends 30,000 troops to the US , what a perfect time and opportunity for revolution .
The entire world is going to be in a terrible state of affairs .
Wait until the public finally sees evidence that our government is deeply involved in the narcotics trade and that our banks are being kept afloat by laundering the proceeds of the drug trade .
Then there is the corporate chicanery and off balance sheet items , the insider trading and market rigging by Morgan and Goldman in conjunction with our government .
Wait until they find out the scams in real estate , real estate securities and the phony rating services that were created by the privately owned Federal Reserve .
The payback will be long and hard once the people of the world really discover what has been done to them .
The new administration promised change but we have n’t seen much as yet .
We have promises of trillions of dollars of spending as credit and lending remains contracted .
Yes , the thugs on Wall Street continue to be bailed out and little is done to help the average citizen .
Every day we are told by analysts and commentators that the stock market is doing well – compared to what ?
The news all around is grim .
The only reason the Dow is not considerably lower is because our government is manipulating it .
These pundits know there is a “ Working Group on Financial Markets , ” but they ignore what government is doing .
They do not want to appear to be radical to their peers ; they want to be acceptable .
Either that or they are afraid what government will do if they tell the truth .
Then there are those who do not have a clue to what is going on .
Some even say that as the lows are retouched , strong buying comes toward the end of the session .
They do not seem to understand that this buying display is our government at work .
The analysts say it does n’t really matter if it is the government .
Of course it matters .
We are supposed to have free markets , not government run fascist markets .
These geniuses are chasing cheap valuations in the biggest financial collapse of all - time .
Coming soon is the Obama home bailout initiative of $ 50 billion .
That amount is a pittance ; six million residences are expected to go into foreclosure in the next four years , or 1.5 million annually .
Instead of spending foolishly and perhaps allowing bankruptcy courts the authority to shrink mortgage debt , the problem should be attacked head on .
Putting your finger in the dike does n’t work - eventually it has to be pulled out .
Back in 2003 we wrote that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were broke and that government would take over both GSEs and own half of the houses in America .
We were correct .
Now in furtherance of that , our president plans to unveil more proposals dealing with the housing crisis .
He has already pledged that $ 50 billion we mentioned and maybe as much as $ 100 billion .
We are sure more money will follow .
Worldwide consumer spending is 60 % of GDP and in the US it is 71 % .
As the value of real estate , stocks and commodities fall people have cutback in spending abruptly as unemployment has risen .
China , due to the trade slowdown over the past year , has lost 20 million jobs , and the US some four million , irrespective of official figures .
In Brazil 650,000 just lost their jobs and in Europe unemployment is rising quickly .
What do you think all those demonstrations and riots are really about ?
As a result demand for goods is falling fast .
That leaves large inventories and a cutback in production .
In every country exports are falling faster than imports by a 35 % rate .
That should put US GDP off about 4.5 % to 5 % for the 4th quarter .
Exports are dropping worldwide .
If it can be possible , as we mentioned earlier , European banks are in worse shape than US banks .
The latest estimates say European banks have had debt of $ 25 trillion .
That is why the pound , euro and US dollar are headed lower versus gold and why there is such a rush for physical gold .
We see US banks offside $ 3.5 trillion .
That is quite a difference especially when the nearest private estimate is $ 1.8 to $ 2 trillion .
We may need four more TARPS .
Wait until the public finds out they have been lied to again .
The stimulus package is a Band - Aid to buy time as we mentioned months ago .
It replaces spending losses created by unemployment and fills in for lost consumer spending .
Government already knows that the latest package is n’t enough and as we earlier forecast next January we ’ll get a $ 2 trillion package .
That will be accompanied by another TARP of probably $ 3 trillion .
We know it is impossible to fund such unheard of numbers , so the Treasury and the Fed will monetize it and we will have been Weimarized .
In another comment on 2009 earnings Merrill Lynch ’s David Rosenburg sees $ 28.00 and if he is correct that puts the current S&P at 30 times earnings .
That reflects a drop of some 50 % in stock prices from current levels at 15 times .
It will be much worse if we get to 10 times earnings .
We see the market at 600 to 660 on the Dow .
The expected rally , a supposed repeat of 1933 , is n’t going to happen because today ’s problems are 5 - times worse than in that era , besides inflation will be raging .
Experts are looking vainly for an upside not for further downside , which will probably be the case .
In addition we see world trade tightening further and 40 % of earnings for the S&P500 comes from foreign trade .
In the 30s we had a gold standard , a trade surplus , little debt as a nation and no credit cards and massive debt .
This is a whole different ball game .
As the order system for trading securities worsens and becomes more opaque , as the big brokers and institutional investors , that are its customers , increasingly use “ dark pools ” where they can trade secretly so they can better screw the public , the case for fairness in markets recedes .
Now the NYSE , the New York Stock Exchange , has launched its own effort to join the crooks by competing with the dark pools .
The NYSE now provides secret trading .
It is called anonymous trading where prices and volumes are hidden .
Such secret trading accounts for 8 % of the trading in NYSE - listed companies .
If you add to that other trading that bypasses exchanges , it means 20 % of Big Board stocks change hands in the dark .
The anonymity these big hitters have achieved further pushes the average investor out of the market , because he realizes he does n’t stand a chance at being a winner .
As a result , and reason why the NYSE joined in , is that their volume in listed stocks dropped from 78 % on 1/05 to 41 % on 1/08 .
There are some 40 dark pools .
KABUL , Afghanistan 
When it comes to governing this violent , fractious land , everything , it seems , has its price .
Want to be a provincial police chief ?
It will cost you $ 100,000 .
Want to drive a convoy of trucks loaded with fuel across the country ?
Be prepared to pay $ 6,000 per truck , so the police will not tip off the Taliban .
Need to settle a lawsuit over the ownership of your house ?
About $ 25,000 , depending on the judge .
“ It is very shameful , but probably I will pay the bribe , ” Mohammed Naim , a young English teacher , said as he stood in front of the Secondary Courthouse in Kabul .
His brother had been arrested a week before , and the police were demanding $ 4,000 for his release .
“ Everything is possible in this country now .
Everything . ”
Kept afloat by billions of dollars in American and other foreign aid , the government of Afghanistan is shot through with corruption and graft .
From the lowliest traffic policeman to the family of President Hamid Karzai himself , the state built on the ruins of the Taliban government seven years ago now often seems to exist for little more than the enrichment of those who run it .
( h/t Heather ) YouTube version , courtesy of CSpan Junkie
On the eve of his inauguration , Keith Olbermann exhorts President - elect Barack Obama to do the one thing that will tell the world that we are a country of laws , and that will enable us to look forward without fear that we could once again face the trampling of the Constitution and the slide towards totalitarianism we 've seen in the last eight years .
Mr. President - Elect , you are entirely correct .
As you say , " what we have to focus on is getting things right in the future , as opposed to looking at what we got wrong in the past . "
And that means prosecuting all those involved in the Bush Administration 's torture of prisoners -- and starting at the top .
You 're also right that you should not " want your first term consumed by what was perceived on the part of Republicans as a partisan witch - hunt . "
But your only other option might be to let this sit and fester , indefinitely .
Because , Mr. President - Elect , some day there will be another Republican president -- or even a Democrat just as blind as Mr. Bush to ethics and this country 's moral force -- and he will look back to what you did about Mr. Bush -- or what you did not do -- and he will see precedent .
Or , as Cheney saw , he will see how not to get caught next time .
Prosecute , Mr. President - Elect , and even if you get not one conviction , you will still have accomplished good , for generations unborn .
It 's not as if Olbermann is going out on a limb here .
On Obama 's own site Change.gov , it 's one of the most popular issues ( though one the team is reluctant to answer ) , no doubt aided by Change.org 's Bob Fertik 's campaign to force it on the President - elect 's agenda .
Transcripts below the fold
Finally tonight as promised , a Special Comment about the President - Elect , the soon - to - be President - Emeritus , torture , and its prosecution .
We have tortured people .
You and I .
This is the people 's democracy , we are the people , these are our elected officials .
That they did not come to us and ask to act thusly in our names is unfortunate , indeed criminal , but it is also almost irrelevant .
They work for us , they tortured people , and so ... we have tortured people .
You and I know we have tortured Khalid Sheikh - Mohammed .
We not only know about it ; we have now heard it boasted about by one of the men who as of tomorrow will no longer work for us : George Walker Bush .
" ... the techniques were necessary and are necessary to be used on a rare occasion to get information necessary to protect the American people , " Mr. Bush said to Fox News on January 11th .
" One such person who gave us information was Khalid Sheikh Mohammed .
" And I'm in the Oval Office and I am told that we have captured Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and the professionals believe he has information necessary to secure the country .
“ " So I ask what tools are available for us to find information from him , and they give me a list of tools .
And I said , are these tools deemed to be legal ?
And so we got legal opinions before the decision was made .
" And I think when people study the history of this particular episode they 'll find out we gained good information from Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in order to protect our country .
We believe that the information we gained helped save lives on American soil . "
Never mind Mr. Bush 's delusions here -- never mind that all primary sources who witnessed the interrogation of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed said they got nothing from him until they started buddying up to him .
Never mind that Mr. Bush 's supporters ' favorite torture construction -- the mythical " ticking time bomb " scenario -- not only did not transpire here , but Mr. Bush has n't even had the imagination to pretend it , in order to just slightly cover his moral tracks .
The key , is that this statement , if it had been under oath , would be a confession to a war crime .
Mr. Bush is proactive : " I ask what tools are available " .
Mr. Bush is aware of the legal haze into which he steps : " And I said , are these tools deemed to be legal ? " .
Mr. Bush realizes the tools he has chosen have been used : " We gained good information from Khalid Sheikh Mohammed " .
Since we know from previous admissions from the Pentagon that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was water - boarded ... we can infer that Mr. Bush knew he would be water - boarded , and knew afterwards that he had been … water - boarded .
Mr. Bush is guilty .
He 's guilty as sin .
Mr. President - Elect , you were first asked about all this on the 18th of April , last .
I am proud to say you were asked about it by a fellow who got onto his high school newspaper while I was the editor -- Will Bunch of the Philadelphia Daily News .
" I think you are right , " you told him .
" If crimes have been committed , they should be investigated .
You 're also right that I would not want my first term consumed by what was perceived on the part of Republicans as a partisan witch hunt , because I think we 've got too many problems we 've got to solve .
So this is an area where I would want to exercise judgment . "
Good .
Amen .
But in that brief interview , was born -- or at least elucidated -- the loophole , as you put it , of " genuine crimes as opposed to really bad policies . "
Vice - President - Elect Biden echoed it on December 21st - a statement to which your transition team has directed all those to whom this is a paramount issue :
" The questions of whether or not a criminal act has been committed or a very , very , very bad judgment has been engaged in , is something the Justice Department decides . "
And - after his comment last week , with straightforwardness that was like water to a lost soul in the Sahara , that water boarding is torture - your nominee at Justice , Mr. Holder , echoed :
" We do n't want to criminalize policy differences that might exist between the outgoing administration and the administration that is about to take over . "
But Mr. President - Elect :
You have a confession .
Since this statement of a structure of policy , prefacing policy itself , from Mr. Biden , you have Mr. Bush 's confession .
Moreover , since Mr. Biden 's statement , you have a legal assessment , from within the bowels of the Bush Administration itself .
" We tortured ( Mohammed al - ) Qahtani , " Judge Susan Crawford told the Washington Post a week ago .
" His treatment met the legal definition of torture . "
And that was why , Judge Crawford added , that as the Bush Administration official in charge of deciding whether or not to bring detainees at Guantanamo Bay to trial , she decided in Qahtani 's case , not to .
And this , Mr. President - Elect , was not the obvious water - boarding of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed .
This was a more insidious combination of legally - approved procedures that still nearly killed this man Qahtani .
" The techniques they used were all authorized , " Judge Crawford continued , " but the manner in which they applied them was overly aggressive and too persistent ...
This was not any one particular act ; this was just a combination of things that had a medical impact on him , that hurt his health . "
In fact , Mr. President - Elect , the records at Gitmo show that Qahtani 's heartbeat eventually slowed to 35 beats per minute .
" It was abusive and uncalled for .
And coercive .
Clearly coercive ...
I sympathize with the intelligence gatherers in those days after 9/11 , not knowing what was coming next and trying to gain information to keep us safe .
But there still has to be a line that we should not cross .
And unfortunately what this has done , I think , has tainted everything going forward . "
If you are worried about the Republicans viewing any torture prosecution in the way you postulated to Will Bunch -- " a partisan witch hunt " -- you can remind them that the woman who said all that , Susan Crawford is a life - long Republican .
So , Mr. President - Elect , beyond whatever else will come out , as the whistleblowers begin to , just after noon tomorrow …
You have your predecessor 's unofficial confession and you have this singular evaluation by a principal in your predecessor 's administration , this kind of line - level confession .
They 're guilty of this , Mr. President - Elect .
They 're guilty as sin .
Since he talked to my friend Bunch in April , Mr. Obama 's only lengthy comments about this , were made to George Stephanopoulos on January 11th of this year .
See if a disturbing theme becomes evident .
" Obviously we 're going to be looking at past practices and I do n't believe that anybody is above the law .
On the other hand I also have a belief that we need to look forward as opposed to looking backwards . "
Later :
" My instinct is for us to focus on -- how do we make sure that moving forward we are doing the right thing . "
Later still :
" My orientation 's going to be , to move forward . "
Finally :
" What we have to focus on is getting things right in the future , as opposed to looking at what we got wrong in the past . "
Sadly , as commendable as the intention here might seem , this country has never succeeded in " moving forward " without first cleansing itself of its mistaken past .
In point of fact , every effort to merely ' draw a line in the sand ' and declare the past , dead , has served only to keep the past alive -- and often to strengthen it .
We compromised with slavery in the Declaration of Independence -- and four score and nine years later we had buried 600,000 of our sons and brothers in a Civil War .
After that war 's ending , we compromised with the social restructuring and protection of the rights of minorities in the South .
And a century later , we had not only not resolved anything , but black leaders were still being assassinated in the cities of the South .
We compromised with Germany and the reconstruction of Europe after the First World War -- nobody even arrested the German Kaiser , let alone conducted War Crimes trials and 19 years later there was an indescribably more evil Germany and a more heart - rending Second World War .
We compromised with the Trusts of the early 1900's , and today we have corporations too big to let fail .
We compromised with The Palmer Raids and got McCarthyism , and we compromised with McCarthyism and got Watergate , and we compromised with Watergate and the junior members of the Ford Administration realized how little was ultimately at risk , and they grew up to be Paul Wolfowitz and Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney .
But Mr. President - Elect , you are entirely correct .
As you say , " what we have to focus on is getting things right in the future , as opposed to looking at what we got wrong in the past . "
And that means prosecuting all those involved in the Bush Administration 's torture of prisoners -- and starting at the top .
You 're also right that you should not " want your first term consumed by what was perceived on the part of Republicans as a partisan witch - hunt . "
But your only other option might be to let this sit and fester , indefinitely .
Because , Mr. President - Elect , some day there will be another Republican president -- or even a Democrat just as blind as Mr. Bush to ethics and this country 's moral force -- and he will look back to what you did about Mr. Bush -- or what you did not do -- and he will see precedent .
Or , as Cheney saw , he will see how not to get caught next time .
Prosecute , Mr. President - Elect , and even if you get not one conviction , you will still have accomplished good , for generations unborn .
Because merely by acting , you will deny Mr. Bush what he most wants .
Right now , without prosecutions , without this nation standing up and saying " this was wrong , we will atone " -- Mr. Bush 's version of what happened goes into the historical record of this nation :
Torture was legal .
It worked .
George Bush saved the country .
The End .
We have tortured people .
You and I , Mr. President - Elect .
This is the people 's democracy .
We are the people , these were our elected officials .
That they did not come to us and ask to act thusly in our names is unfortunate , indeed criminal , but it is also almost irrelevant .
They worked for us , they tortured people , and so we have tortured people .
Thus , beginning tomorrow , it is up to you ... not just to discontinue this … but to prevent it .
At the end of his first year in office , Mr. Lincoln tried to contextualize the Civil War for those who still wanted to compromise with the evils of secession and slavery .
" The struggle of today , " Lincoln wrote , " is not altogether for today - it is for a vast future also . "
Mr. President - Elect , you have been handed the beginning of that future .
Use it -- to protect our children , and our distant descendants , from anything , like this , ever happening again .
Good night , and good luck .
First step – find piece of code in JForum that handles moving threads .
It ’s GenericForumDAO.moveTopics .
I see this method was modified by us ( JavaRanch ) to support leaving a copy of the thread in the original forum or creating a new copy and locking the original ( for use in moving to our private “ Trash Can ” forum . )
We made that change a long time ago though and it was n’t slow then .
Looking at the method , I see a number of database queries .
I ’m adding logging ( nothing fancy – just System. out ’s ) to see which query is using up so much time .
The method I added logging to takes 5 - 8 milliseconds .
( across two trials ) .
Yet the browser plugs away for almost a full minute after that .
Ah !
The web / action layer class ModerationHelper makes a bunch of calls to clear / reload the cache .
I bet that ’s where all the time is going .
Adding logging on that level and redeploying .
Now we are getting somewhere .
Everything goes very quickly until the part where the hotest topics get reloaded and then that takes almost a minute .
Yuck .
Table scans left and right .
No wonder it takes so long .
Three tables scans , joining on the result and THEN discarding almost all the records .
( see “ original query ” and “ original explain ” in supplemental materials section below )
If I was doing this by brute force , I would add an index on topic_views and refactor the query to search on the the topics table only joining with the others on result .
This is similar to the last post where I walked through an optimization .
However , I ’m not sure that makes sense here .
This definition of hottest posts uses the most page views forever .
This is ok for now because all the migrated posts started with zero views against them .
Making the hottest threads really “ the hottest threads since our Saturday January 3rd migration . ”
What happens down the road .
When a thread stops being viewed altogether , it ’s not hot anymore .
I ’m thinking it would be better to put a time based constraint on things .
I ’ll post in our Moderators Only forum to get some feedback on my proposed definition change and go have dinner .
Unanimous agreement on my proposed definition from everyone who saw the question while I was eating .
Including the site owner .
Good news .
Modify the query to add a where clause by thread last modified date
This modified query takes 80 thousand units instead of 253 thousand units .
Better but still way too high .
Next I ’ll try adding index on topic_last_post_id , topic_views Running explain again gives the exact same output .
It is n’t using the index .
Dropping the index since it did n’t work .
I may re-add it later but I like to test only one variable at a time .
The database seems to be favoring the table scan of the forum table first .
Probably because this table is order of magnitudes smaller than the other two in the join .
Now I ’ll try removing the forum table from the query and run an explain to see what happens .
It ’s still 78 thousand units , but at least it is using an index ( post_time ) as the first step .
Time to try to add the index and run explain again .
Nothing .
Still 78 thousand units .
All right .
This tweaking thing is n’t getting me anywhere .
New approach .
How would I build this query if I were writing it from scratch .
The base query that I want to happen first is explain select p.post_id from jforum_posts p WHERE p.post_time >= ‘ 2008-01-01 ’.
Running an explain on just this says it takes 1 thousand cost units .
That sounds high – I ’ll query some details .
Over 100 thousand posts in a few days ?
Oh yeah !
It ’s 2009 – a New Year .
I should know that – I celebrated recently .
Re-running the original query with the post_time clause gives me under two thousand cost units .
Whew .
That ’s much better .
Now I ’m uploading the changed query to our sandbox environment to see how the move performs .
Three to five seconds .
Good .
Another moderator suggested using replies and not views .
This is a good idea , but has no effect on performance so I switched it .
( see “ Final query ” in supplemental materials )
And a good techie verifies everything so running explain one last time to confirm this last change did n’t affect performance .
It did n’t .
Performance is still ok .
( see “ Final explain ” in supplemental materials )
The fallout from a party in November at which Michael Phelps was photographed using a marijuana pipe included eight arrests Saturday , lawyers for two of the eight people said Thursday .
According to the two lawyers , Richard Harpootlian and Joseph McCulloch , a dozen officers executed two search warrants  one on their clients ’ former house , where the party took place , and another on the house where their clients currently live  and discovered a small amount of marijuana .
The lawyers were sharply critical after the arrests , arguing that the investigation by the sheriff ’s department in Richland County , S.C. , has been an excessive allocation of resources fueled by Phelps ’s celebrity status .
“ They interrogated my client and Mr. McCulloch ’s client , not about where they got the marijuana , not about marijuana dealing in Columbia , but about whether they had been at the party in November with Phelps , ” Harpootlian said .
“ Did they see him smoking marijuana ?
Did they know anything about drug use by him ? ”
Phelps ’s agent , Drew Johnson , said that neither he nor Phelps had been contacted in connection with the arrests .
Implicating Phelps would require the testimony of several witnesses , McCulloch said , because a photograph of him holding a pipe would not be substantial enough to stand up in court .
Do you know an animal that needs a good talking to ?
If you see something , say something Fuck You , Penguin goes corporate to cover its ass : After 1/22/09 , if you send in pictures that you did not find on the internet , you have agreed to this
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Argentina has ordered an ultra-traditionalist British bishop who denies the Holocaust to leave the country or face expulsion .
The interior ministry said Roman Catholic Richard Williamson had been given 10 days to leave Argentina .
Earlier this month the bishop was removed from his post as the head of a breakaway seminary in Argentina .
A row erupted in January after the Pope decided to lift Bishop Williamson 's excommunication on an unrelated matter .
The Vatican said the Pope had been unaware of Bishop Williamson 's views and had since ordered him to recant .
Outrage
Argentina 's interior ministry said on Thursday that Bishop Williamson " has concealed the true motive for his stay in the country " .
Bishop Williamson had been based at a seminary in La Reja
He had said he was an employee of a non-governmental group rather than declaring " his true activity " as the director of a seminary , the ministry stated .
Bishop Williamson 's views on the Holocaust have provoked outrage .
" I believe that the historical evidence is strongly against , is hugely against , six million Jews having been deliberately gassed in gas chambers as a deliberate policy of Adolf Hitler , " he said in a recent interview for Swedish TV .
The controversy made headlines worldwide after the Pope lifted an excommunication order on the bishop and three of his colleagues who were appointed by a breakaway archbishop more than 20 years ago .
Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre , who died in 1991 , had rebelled against liberal reforms in the Church , such as restrictions on the traditional Latin Mass .
Pope Benedict later met American Jewish leaders at the Vatican in a display of solidarity with victims of the Nazi genocide .
A trend we can all live with is the one where state legislatures are introducing joint legislation that claims their 10th Amendment rights are valid and enforceable .
Arizona is another , who will be next ?
With so many concerns bombarding citizens everyday in 2009 this is news that should be seen as a bright spot .
Keep in mind Gary Alder 's “ 15 Key Principles of the Founding Fathers ” with a special eye on number 14 .
“ The9th and 10th Amendments are the keystones to preserving Freedom . ”
The 9th Amendment is a keystone in conjunction with the 10th Amendment .
As a reminder , here is the 9th ; “ The enumeration in the Constitution , of certain rights , shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people . ”
Here is the 10th ; “ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . ” ( Emphasis added ) .
Read the text of the legislation introduced in 4 states , with 3 coming already this year :
Oklahoma leads the charge in 2008 ; A Joint Resolution Claiming Sovereignty
New Hampshire 's Concurrent Resolution ; A RESOLUTION affirming States ' rights based on Jeffersonian principles .
Washington State 's Join Memorial ; Hereby claims sovereignty under the 10th Amendment
Arizona 's Concurrent Resolution ; Claiming sovereignty under the 10th Amendment
There are 31 co-sponsors of Arizona 's resolution .
Each of the states use the 10th Amendment as their claim and it is critical we the people understand our sovereign roles in this process .
Both amendments emphasize the people at the end .
This was no accident as Hamilton reminds us in Federalist No. 16 the people are “ … the natural guardians of the Constitution . ”
Citizens of each of the 4 states should be aware of the legislation introduced and should be urging each of their Legislative Branches to pass these proposals .
Each of us living in states where no legislation has been introduced should be immediately contacting our state representatives and urging them to lead the charge by introducing similar legislation in all states .
Some states will while others are prone to accepting their role as mere minions to the federal government .
However , liberty and freedom always rise from oppression and there can be no doubt the role of the federal government has grown to a level capable of oppressing states and people .
Ultimately it is our responsibility to care for our liberty .
We the people are the guardian who must care for our sovereignty if we are to restore proper Constitutional order while preserving the promise of the Declaration of Independence for our children .
A guardian cares for the children .
Remember our history , not our modern traditions that are moving us toward representative democracy .
Here is some recommended reading to help begin the stirring of our memory .
Study these with friends and family as if you were studying the scriptures of your religion or the stats of your favorite sports team .
Declaration of Independence
Thomas Jefferson 's Account of the Declaration
Independence a Solemn Day by Richard Henry Lee
U.S. Constitution and Amendments
Federalist Papers
Anti-Federalist Papers
1828 Webster 's Dictionary ( learn the language of the founders )
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
Thanks for taking the time to visit Nolan Chart .
Do come back often and share the articles with others .
The most important thing we can all restore is conversation regarding politics .
2008 by Gary Wood
Columnist , radio show host , and co-founder of Hear My Thunder .
March of Liberty Radio Show Sunday 's at 7 pm EST
1828 Webster 's Dictionary ( learn the language of the founders )
Well , this is a bit of fresh air , especially with tween news like Baby - Faced Boy Alfie Patten Is Dad At 13 .
12 - year - old Max Wallack stole the show at Design Squad ’s Trash to Treasure contest with his “ Home Dome . ”
The contest asked kids to repurpose trash into practical inventions .
I wonder if the Home Dome gets an honorable LEED Certification ?
The dome provides shelter for the homeless and is made from plastic , wire , packing peanuts , and flargstin .
Pretty much , trash .
The trash - plex looks like a Mongolian yurt , and let Max walk away with $ 10,000 and a Dell laptop .
He also got a trip to Boston out of it .
But Max had this to say , “ I do n’t really care about the money .
I care about helping people . ”
Interested in Solar ?
Sign up for the Nation ’s most effective community solar purchasing program .
Also see this morning ’s post by San Francisco ’s Mayor on wave energy coming to the coast of California .
This is n’t his first big win .
“ When I was six , ” Max said , “ I won an invention contest that included a trip to Chicago .
While there , I saw homeless people living on streets , and beneath highways and underpasses .
I felt very sorry for these people , and ever since then , felt that my goal and obligation was to find a way to help them .
My invention improves the living conditions for homeless people , refugees , or disaster victims by giving them easy - to - assemble shelter . ”
Go Max !
We all look forward to your future inventions .
Source and Photo : thedesignblog.org
Red Hat has announced that it has begun shipping the second rev and the first fully functional version of its Enterprise MRG real - time Linux .
The Fedora Project , which is sponsored by Red Hat , has also put the alpha of its Fedora 11 development release in the field on time .
Enterprise MRG is a variant of the Red Hat Enterprise Linux stack that has been tuned to support messaging , real - time , and grid computing workloads rather than the standalone variant of Linux , which is tuned for file , database , and application serving .
Enterprise MRG 1.1 was supposed to ship at the end of 2008 , according to Red Hat 's original plan , so it is a few months late .
Enterprise MRG replaces the generic Linux kernel with a real - time kernel based on the CONFIG_PREEMPT_RT patch set that was created by developers at Red Hat , Novell , IBM , Silicon Graphics , and a number of other vendors to make it more of a real - time operating system , one with a streamlined kernel offering the lowest possible latencies for applications .
Novell 's SUSE Linux Enterprise Real - Time , or SLERT , variant of SLES 10 is chasing the same market niche .
The R in MRG is the part that financial services companies and defense contractors are interested in for their respective trading and weapons systems , where latency means money or death .
The M in MRG is for message queuing , and is designed for applications that pass lots of messages around between applications and servers , allowing relatively loose coupling of applications across servers .
IBM's WebSphere MQ , Microsoft 's Message Queuing Middleware , Tibco 's Rendezvous financial transaction messaging , and the Java Messaging Service examples of the kind of messaging that Red Hat is talking about .
But Red Hat 's messaging within Enterprise MRG is based on the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol ( AMQP ) , an open and standard implementation of messaging technology .
It is the G part of MRG that has been missing up until now , and that is because Red Hat 's programmers have been integrating the Condor grid software developed by the University of Wisconsin into the Enterprise MRG product .
When MRG went into beta in December 2007 , Condor was not yet woven in and the release did not yet support the JBoss Enterprise SOA stack , either .
Enterprise MRG 1.0 was launched in June 2008 as a commercial product , but the grid components were still only in technology preview .
With MRG 1.1 , Red Hat has tweaked the real - time kernel so it works better on processor chips that have multiple cores , which is important as Intel and AMD move from two to four and soon to six or eight cores on processors aimed at servers .
MRG 1.1 also has native InfiniBand and Remote Direct Memory Access ( RDMA ) drivers for lower - latency clustering .
The RDMA features , which works over InfiniBand or Ethernet networks ( depending on the underlying hardware support for RDMA , of course ) , allow nodes on a cluster to move data between nodes directly into and out of memory in the nodes rather than having to go through the I/O stack .
This really cuts down on latency .
Per rafforzare la capitalizzazione delle banche , le aziende di credito potranno emettere uno speciale prestito che potrà essere sottoscritto dal Tesoro e – per il 30 % del totale – da privati .
Secondo la Commissione europea , la modifica al regime di conferimento di capitali alle banche è in linea con le misure di sostegno alle banche , elaborate dalla UE nel contesto di crisi finanziaria .
Queste cedole , remunerative per il ministero ma con rendimento inferiore per i privati , pagheranno un coupon iniziale del 7,5 % o dell ’ 8,5 % con premio sul prezzo di rimborso per un rendimento – nei primi quattro anni – attorno al 12 % .
Se il prestito non verrà rimborsato entro questo lasso di tempo , non renderà più del 15 % e pagherà una cedola pari al maggiore di tre tassi : coupon step - up , valore superiore in percentuale ai dividendi , il rendimento del BTP a 30 anni maggiorato del 3 % , senza nessuna imposizione sui dividendi maturati .
Questi bond , nominalmente , non hanno scadenza e potranno essere rimborsati dalle banche in qualsiasi momento e per qualsiasi entità .
Non sono parificabili a obbligazioni : la cedola , infatti , non viene pagata negli anni in cui l’esercizio della banca emittente risulta in perdita e il valore cala in linea con eventuali abbattimenti di capitale .
Questi prestiti speciali , che non potranno superare il 2 % del valore delle attività ponderate per il rischio e non eccedere l’8 % del capitale Tier - 1 ( vale a dire l’indice di patrimonializzazione bancario costituito da capitale azionario e riserve a bilancio ) , rappresentano uno strumento ibrido finalizzato a migliorare lo standing creditizio delle banche che , con questo prestito speciale , dovranno
* rafforzare il fondo di garanzia per le piccole e medie imprese ,
* aumentare le risorse per il credito alle piccole e medie imprese ,
* sospendere il pagamento dei ratei del mutuo casa per almeno 12 mesi a favore dei lavoratori in cassa integrazione o che percepiscono il sussidio di disoccupazione ,
* tenere sotto controllo le retribuzioni di manager e traders ,
* promuovere gli accordi per anticipare le risorse necessarie alle imprese per il pagamento della cassa integrazione .
Bankitalia avrà un ruolo importante nella collocazione dei Tremonti Bonds : condurrà l’istruttoria valutando l’adeguatezza patrimoniale e il profilo di rischio della banca richiedente ; esaminerà le caratteristiche delle obbligazioni , la conformità alle norme del decreto e agli obblighi contenuti nell ’allegato .
Gli istituti devono infatti sottoscrivere un protocollo in cui si impegnano a garantire il credito all ’economia , e a introdurre un codice etico che comprende trasparenza nelle retribuzioni degli executive .
Prestito Speciale Tremonti Bond ultima modifica : da
Reposta per primo quest ’articolo
YouTube owns the largest video download requests .
More than 92 % video fans download videos from YouTube .
Lynda.com is also a popular website which people would like to download videos from , and it owns more than 5 % of the total download requests .
Facebook , the largest social network in the world , occupies 1 % of the total downloads .
Other sites like Dailymotion , Vimeo and so on , share the extra 2 % of total video download requests .
PITTSBURGH -- Michel Therrien , his team fading in the Eastern Conference playoff race less than a year after making the Stanley Cup finals , was fired as the Pittsburgh Penguins ' coach on Sunday night and replaced by minor league coach Dan Bylsma .
The Penguins , who have struggled to a 27 - 25 - 5 record , fired coach Michel Therrien .
Luc Leclerc / US
Presswire
Therrien oversaw one of the NHL's best single - season turnarounds in his first full season in 2006 - 07 and coached the Penguins to within two victories of the Stanley Cup last year , but this team has struggled badly since mid-November and is in danger of not making the playoffs .
General manager Ray Shero decided to fire Therrien after a 6 - 2 loss in Toronto on Saturday night in which the Penguins led 2 - 1 going into the third period .
The Penguins are 27 - 25 - 5 after winning 47 games each of the last two seasons and are five points out of the final conference playoff spot .
They also are 1 - 7 - 1 in their last nine road games .
" I did n't part like the way , the direction the team was headed , " Shero said on a conference call , not long after giving Therrien the news .
" I 've watched for a number of weeks and , at the end of the day , the direction is not that I wanted to have here .
I was n't comfortable , and that 's why the change was made . "
Asked how much Toronto 's comeback entered into the decision , Shero said , " It was n't so much the outcome , it was how the game was played . "
Bylsma , a former NHL player and assistant coach , takes over the way Therrien did in the middle of the 2005 - 06 season when he replaced Eddie Olczyk during Sidney Crosby 's rookie season -- called up from Wilkes - Barre / Scranton of the AHL .
Bylsma , hired on an interim basis but expected to coach at least the rest of the season , wants the Penguins to get back to utilizing their skill , speed and world - class players Crosby , Evgeni Malkin and goalie Marc - Andre Fleury .
Malkin is No. 1 in the NHL scoring race and Crosby , the 2006 - 07 champion , is third .
The Presidential Pledge VIDEO , MySpace Celebrity Call To Action
Actresspulled together 50 of her most influential Hollywood celebrities to make a gift that will be presented to Presidentduring the inauguration activities in Washington D.C .
The powerful video is a call for change that features how various celebrities plan to step up to the plate .
Directed and edited by Moore , it features pledges from David Arquette , Courteney Cox Arquette , Marisa Tomei , Alysa Milano , Diddy , Tobey Maguire , Ashton Kutcher , Nicole Richi and Ashlee Simpson .
Also joining in with pledges are Cameron Diaz , Hayden Panetierre , Laura Linney , Dakota Fanning and Jaime Pressley .
Check out The Presidential Pledge below .
Check out celeb activities in D.C .
The authorities say castrations are done in accordance with the law The Czech Republic has been strongly criticised by Europe 's leading human rights body for continuing to surgically castrate male sex offenders .
The Council of Europe said castrations had sometimes been performed without warnings of side effects and on men not capable of making an informed decision .
Those requesting castration feared life in jail if they did not do so , it said .
The Czech government says 94 procedures have been performed in the past 10 years , all in accordance with its laws .
A further 300 Czech men have undergone chemical castration - involving the injection of drugs that suppress the production of male hormones - since 2000 , according to government figures .
But the Council of Europe said Czech officials had provided " inexact information " on the numbers of those undergoing the procedures .
' Degrading treatment ' BBC Europe reporter Dominic Hughes says surgical castration - under which part of the testicles is removed - has been abandoned in many other countries because it is not clear whether it is effective in treating sex offenders .
Other countries , including Poland , Italy and France , seeking ways of dealing with violent sex offenders and paedophiles , have investigated using chemical castration methods .
But in the past decade the authorities in the Czech Republic have continued to carry out the surgical procedure , which the Council of Europe 's Committee for the Prevention of Torture said amounted to " degrading treatment " .
It is questionable whether consent to the option of surgical castration will always be truly free and informed
Council of Europe Committee for the Prevention of Torture " Surgical castration is a mutilating , irreversible intervention and cannot be considered as a medical necessity in the context of the treatment of sex offenders , " the committee said in a report .
" The intervention removes a person 's ability to procreate and has serious physical and mental consequences . "
" Moreover , given the context in which the intervention is offered , it is questionable whether consent to the option of surgical castration will always be truly free and informed , " it added .
The committee said that its members found during a visit to two Czech psychiatric hospitals and two prisons in March and April 2008 that " a situation can easily arise whereby patients or prisoners acquiesce rather than consent , believing that it is the only available option to them to avoid indefinite confinement . "
The Czech government , which currently holds the rotating presidency of the European Union , has largely rejected the report , arguing that its procedures conform to its own laws .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
That ’s the tallest abandoned Russian structure and those guys have paid a visit there one frozen winter morning .
It ’s a shorter than Empire State Building , but not too much .
via ru_abandoned
A millenarian art that started being used as a graffiti art type on the early 80's , when Blek le Rat aka Blek created his first piece in Paris , France .
His main motivation being social consciousness and the desire to bring the art to the people .
Nowadays
Blek is considered the godfather of stencil art and big influence for the other artists such as banksy one of the greatest stencil artists of all times .
Using his pieces of art on topics such as politics , culture , and ethics on the streets of England , once said " every time I think I ’ve painted something slightly original , I find out that Blek Le Rat has done it as well , only twenty years earlier " today his art is well known all around the globe .
And stencil graffiti just continues to grow every year and it's still being used to approach topics such as politics to bring a laugh to the streets of the world .
The most amazing thing about stencil art is the way this type of art interact instantly with the viewer , and using the stencil on it's favor the same artwork can be displayed in numerous places at the same time without a problem .
Blek - France
Blek le Rat is considered the godfather of stencil art .
He studied painting and architecture .
He began his artwork in Paris in 1981 .
Since then he has had a great influence on today 's graffiti and " guerilla art " movements , his main motivation being social consciousness and the desire to bring the art to the people .
Banksy - England
Banksy is a well - known pseudo - anonymous British graffiti artist .
His art has appeared in cities around the world .
Banksy 's work was born out of the Bristol underground scene which involved collaborations between artists and musicians .
His artworks are often - satirical pieces of art on topics such as politics , culture , and ethics .
" People say graffiti is ugly , irresponsible and childish ... but that 's only if it 's done properly . "
Banksy
Alexandre Orion - Brazil
Born in Sao Paulo Brasil , Alexandre unites photography and graffiti , His stencils demonstrate a wonderful sense of humor and ingenuity , but it is his photographs that are his final artistic statement , bringing his art to life .
l.e.t. - Germany
Today there are so many artists that it's hard to keep a track of all the work there is on the streets of the globe but here is a cool selections of really good works following the old school stencils .
s0t - Iran
Erykah Badu - France
REDLOCK - UK
adres.81 - Portugal
Alto Contraste - Brazil
With a mix of old school stencils and the swing of the Brazilian graffiti Alto Contraste ( high contrast ) is created by the Brazilian couple Lee & Lou , and together they bring a colorful way to express their art on the streets of Sao Paulo , Brazil in the old form of stencils .
C215 - France
One of today 's most impressive and can also be called the new school of stencil comes from France , represented by french artist Christian Guémy aka C215 that has traveled the world spreading your art in form of stencils .
Here is a quick tutorial :
After this super dose of inspiration it 's time to get out there and try your own self how it feels to interact with people with your art .
Posted by
I have been working on a grid design framework for able2 know , and have been wrestling with the inconsistencies between browsers when it comes to percentage rounding .
There are good static grid CSS frameworks out there ( e.g. Blueprint , 960gs ) but the attempts to convert them into liquid grids ( e.g. Liquid Blueprint , fluid960gs ) share the same bugs I was running into , where width is not correctly calculated and in IE6 and IE7 the effect was often dramatic , with columns jumping around when the browser is resized .
At some widths everything would be perfect , but at others columns would wrap into the next row , breaking the layout .
A couple of pixels off might not sound like much , but have a look at this video to see the effect on the layout those few pixels can have .
I set out to fix this problem , and began writing my own grid CSS framework , trying all sorts of different mathematical approaches to the problem ( I was working with three columns so my initial suspicion was that the browsers were having a hard time dealing with fractions like 1/3 ) .
I also tried every IE CSS hack to try to coax the floats the grid uses into compliance , but no dice .
So after more investigation , I learned that this is a rendering problem with no perfect solution for the browser manufacturs .
The limitation is your monitor .
To make a very long story short , your monitor needs your browser to display objects sized in pixels .
Browsers have no easy way around this problem , and there is no perfect solution .
This , of course , does n’t mean that the various browsers will find a consistent way to handle it , and as per usual IE managed to settle on the least optimal approach of the bunch .
First of all , let ’s explain the problem .
Let ’s say you want to divide your layout into 4 columns .
The pixels this area will represent may not be divisible by four .
Let ’s say you are dividing 50 pixels ( no matter what you choose , the browser may end up with an indivisible problem , so I ’m just using an easy example that John Resig used in his comparison of how each browser handles the rounding ) , each column should be 12.5 pixels wide according to your CSS telling the browser to divide the 50 pixels into 25 % columns .
The problem is that your browser can’t do this , and needs to round to an integer .
No matter what your browser does at this point , there will be imperfections .
If your browser rounds down there may be gaps and if you round up , then there can be an overflow .
Here is a test you can use to see this error in effect in your browser .
It should display a black box , but drag your browser around resizing it , and at some sizes you should see gaps ( in Firefox 3 you may not be able to do so due to an innovative way they are handling the rounding rounding the layout to 1/60th of a CSS pixel ) .
Now I understand the limitations each browser faces , and how they can’t possibly get it all perfect , but what IE does that breaks layouts as you resize the browser , causing your divs to jump around is round up .
By rounding up they may cause your columns to exceed the width of their container , and wrap .
There ’s not a great way around this , and the only easy solution is to not let your columns add up to 100 % , leaving room for rounding up without breaking your layout .
It ’s not a great solution , and it ruins the pixel perfect grid I was trying to implement on able2 know with more space on the right than on the left but I thought I ’d write up the problem in case others need it to fix their floats .
Other sources :
https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=177805
https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=63336
https://connect.microsoft.com/IE/feedback/ViewFeedback.aspx?FeedbackID=334118
http://www.satzansatz.de/cssd/geckogaps.html
http://www.ojctech.com/content/css-jumping-columns-and-ies-percentage-rounding-algorithm
please note " Bomb the Music Industry " in the subject or body of your donation .
LYRICS AND EXPLANATIONS !!!
Fall 2008 : I wanted to record an album that cost $ 50 .
Truthfully , we never spent that much money on a record before , but that 's just because Joel recorded us pretty cheap on the last one .
This time , I wanted to go at it without any help .
I horned in on Halo Fauna / Get Bent / Red and Blue 's practice space in Ridgewood , Queens , and prepared to record every day until the record sounded very very big .
There were some problems however .
Like the fact that the gate to the practice space would often roll back over the door so the alarm would go off and the door would n't open so you could n't stop it .
Or like the fact that someone in the space has been practicing to the same Marnie Stern song every Friday at 2 PM for the past three months .
Or of course , what anyone who has ever recorded in a practice space knows , bad metal bands .
So the recording process went like this :
Tom set up some mic's at Turnpike Sounds , a nice little studio that Brad Cordaro runs out of a basement in Huntington , Long Island .
He recorded Mike 's drums with a little bit of help from Brad and a littler bit of help from me .
Shortly after that we set some stuff up in John 's mom 's basement and recorded bass guitars .
From there on out it was a lot of days spent in a tiny , sweaty practice space with microphones sticking out of toilet paper rolls , laying down a bunch of stuff , occasionally recording some stuff at my apartment too .
Tom recorded his guitar parts himself in his basement in Seaford .
We were supposed to have our record finished before our fall tour , but since we did n't that allowed us some time to record a beautiful grand piano and a kinda beautiful wurlitzer at the Bakery ( which happened to be where we were staying ) in Georgia .
I eventually went back to record a Pegasuses record and threw some analog synth on there .
Shit , Joel Hatstat even played some sleigh bells .
To top all that off , Rick and Chris recorded some parts in their respective states and Sean Bonnette recorded some sweet vocals with jalipaz at audioconfusion in Phoenix .
And the icing on the cake !
Kepi Ghoulie and Dino happened to be in town towards the end of the recording and got a chance to stop by the apartment and since into panty house draped around a wire hanger .
Once most of this stuff was down , Tom made a rough mix of one of the jams , feeling out some sweet EQ and compression settings .
I sent a copy to Rick Johnson and he brought some reverb into it , which is something I 've never put on Bomb recordings .
Weird !
After that I sat in my apartment for about three weeks straight , tweaking it and sending it over to Joel who would eventually master it .
Finally when the record was almost done , we got some friends over my apartment in Brooklyn and John 's mom 's house in Baldwin to sing some gang vocals .
We ate a lot of pizza in Brooklyn .
The point being that this record could not have been made as cheap without such good friends giving such good advice and sharing their such good time .
It is possible to make a sweet record that you love for almost no money , but it 's a lot more possible with pals .
Over the past few years I 've learned a lot from the buddies that we 've spent time with , whether on tour or otherwise , and I asked some of them to share some things they may have learned from their experiences .
Their responses are listed in the 'zine that comes with this record .
Remember , doing things yourself is fun and usually cheaper !
Cooking beats McDonalds !
Fixing shit beats paying some asshole to fix it !
Recording yourself gives you more time to explore !
So quit scramblin ' to fit into a failing system , GO OWN YOUR LIFE !!!!
Cold Chillin’ Cold Chillin’
This song was written in the kitchen of a house in Shreveport , Louisiana while on tour with Pegasuses - XL .
There was a good chance it was going to end up being a longer song with more verses and a vibraphone solo , but I figured it would be more fun to try and build the song up instead of out .
And that 's the way I justify recording a subway tunnel on my blackberry and reversing prepared piano .
I also realize now that if I thought transit delays and fare hikes were annoying before the big economy crash of 2008 , the future is potentially gonna bum me out .
Oh well , fuck it .
I 'm sure hipster - hating hipsters will always be equally as annoying .
Cold face , cold legs .
Walk three blocks and pay two bucks .
One bold sign : Interference on the line , waiting twenty minutes time every time .
Transfer at Bedford , twenty more Manhattan bound , ten billion kids .
I am happy with my flaws .
I am happier when no one is around .
And everybody looks around to blame our Brooklyn burning down on white kids , hipsters , students but we act like we ’re not one of them .
It ’s easy .
Just use your eyes to judge and go back to your powder drugs .
But I ’m no better .
Smile while pushing through the crowd , “ A round for friends . ”
Find a corner at the bar .
Aberrations in a real confusing town .
Stuff That I Like Shredding !
I ( now not so ) secretly really wanted this song to be in Rock Band or Guitar Hero after I wrote it .
I even emailed Asian Man Records about it !
I think it probably is gonna be harder due to the use of the phrase " fucking cocaine party fucking " and also the Scott Weiland dissing .
That 's like a double whammy in rock and roll world .
Anyway , you ever have cool friends bring you out to a bar that ends up being a dance club ?
Come on , buddies !
Also , it 's important that you know Matt Kurz came up with the genius idea to ask " do you mind if I take a shit in the cocaine room ? " at a shady dive bar around the block from the houses where we both grew up so I stole that from him .
The city subway stations never glisten .
The gates rise up like they belong in prison .
And my balance is low .
I better pick a good place , I got one ride to go .
Your fucking cocaine party fucking freaks me out .
When did Scott Weiland show up ?
How long ’s he stickin’ around ?
I guess this new fare hike means that I ’ll ride my bike , play video games and do other stuff that I like .
And in the morning cleaning up , we found these plastic bags with a little bit of party left and started to laugh , “ Man , I ’m glad I passed out from the booze and the weed ‘ cause the house stayed up ‘ til 6 AM doing speed . ”
But now it ’s 1 AM and I ’m quite a few in and I can barely make out where the bathroom line begins and it ’s been moving five inches every fucking five minutes .
I wanna ask the over privileged kids if they would fucking mind ?
I gotta take a piss in the cocaine room .
What is this ?
The line for lines ?
It ’s a long line for lines .
I ’m getting claustrophobia from the twenty - something set with bleary eyes .
I do n’t wanna be part of this Friday night or Saturday night .
I do n’t wanna be part of this line for lines , long line for lines .
I do n’t wanna be part of this night .
When I ’m out these days I do is complain about the booming bass and the shitty DJ because if I wanted to go to a dance club , I ’d own a bottle of Brut , a closet full of Christian Dior , and I ’d be in a different room .
‘ Cause we can dance to Otis Redding , P.O.S , and M.I.A and if you ’re on Serato Scratch do n’t call yourself a DJ .
Beat detecting ’s got no attitude , your tempo maps can’t feel and room , but lemmings all have dancing shoes and I ’m just freaking out .
You ’re assaulting me with thrusts like I ’m an asshole .
You ’re sweating to the sounds of Billboard ’s Hot 100 like a total yeah bro dick .
Man , I thought that we all lived here ‘ cause we ’re different I guess I was wrong this time , and time after time I do n’t wanna be part of this Friday night or Saturday night .
I do n’t wanna be part of these cokey times and eight dollar wines .
I do n’t wanna be part of this night .
The city subway station never glistens .
The gates rise up like “ What ’s up ?
You ’re in prison , confined by alcoholism and lack of better decisions for having fun on the weekends . ”
But this shitty atmosphere keeps bumming me out .
Do n’t want my Club MTV .
I hate Downtown Julie Brown .
I guess these new prices hikes will make me grab my light and climb the fire escape to the roof for a book that I like .
It Shits !
Somewhere in the last two years , Sean McCabe has introduced the word " shits " in our vocabulary , its use being to replace the word " sucks . "
In the context of this song , having only ten hours a day to yourself because of work shits .
Being too exhausted to do anything you enjoy shits .
The strain that an annoying long work week puts on your relationships with yourself and others can be enormous and totally shits .
Kepi Ghoulie certainly does n't shit .
Tuck the phone in the crack of my sheets , ‘ cause I ’m not getting up today .
Television down , turn the clock around ‘ cause you ’re not getting up today .
We ’re gonna sleep late and get breakfast .
We ’re gonna tell our bosses we ’re sick .
It really shits that I only get to see ya for an hour and a half everyday .
It really really shits that that hour and a half is n’t really very good anyway .
Because I ’m burnt , because you ’re angry we watch three - quarters of a movie and pass out on opposite halves of a really long couch .
I wanna live on a float in the middle of a swimming pool .
I ’m sorry , all my friends , but I ’d trade anything for this .
I ’ve always got a good book and it ’s always the summer and I ’m not hiding in the bathroom just to catch up on sleep like a creep .
It shits , okay ?
When you wake up every train stop and when you sleep through just your train stop .
You gotta push yourself so hard that you ’re gonna burn out until you feel so fucking burnt that you just sit around .
Evenings weekends , i just wanna sit here , Please send me more sick days sick days .
I wanna live on a float in the middle of a swimming pool .
I ’m sorry , all my friends , but I ’d trade anything for this .
Eating fries , drinking beers in the summer in a swimming pool .
I ’m sorry , all my friends .
I ’m burnt , I ’m gone , I do n’t know what I ’m on .
It shits .
it shits .
Okay ?
Fresh Attitude , Young Body
I lived in my parents ' house after I moved from Athens , Georgia to New York and as a twenty - five year old , the only positive thing about the experience was that I got to play a piano every day .
I thought this one might be a bit too triumphant , but since when can anything be too triumphant , right ?
So I guess it is n't .
The older I get the more questionable decisions I see my friends and myself making in order to fit into the great societal plan of get a job , make some babies , die happy .
Although I know there is more to life than that , I constantly fear that I 'm racing around to figure out what it is and if I do n't I 'm just gonna be a lonely poor corpse .
Apartment at dusk : a grey Brooklyn sky , a train that I ’m missing .
A cheap travel mug that leaks from the side , damp coat and mittens .
If you do n’t find a steady job now , if you do n’t find a steady job now .
Oh no .
If you do n’t find someone to love now , if you do n’t find someone to love now .
Oh no .
You will die freezing cold and alone .
They ’ve got full blown homes .
They ’re married with kids ( and appliances . )
I ’m doing dishes .
It ’s cold in your carthe heat does n’t work .
Baby , we ’re scramblin’ .
If you do n’t find a steady job now , if you do n’t find a steady job now .
Oh no .
If you do n’t find someone to love now , if you do n’t find someone to love now .
Oh no .
You ’re alone and you ’re wet in a hospital bed and your family and friends will inherit your debt as you breathe from machines .
Yeah , I know it sounds mean but you ’re probably gonna die alone .
If you do n’t find a clock to punch now or find yourself a steady fuck now .
Oh no .
Your family and friends will inherit your debt and you ’re probably gonna die alone .
Yeah , your family and friends will inherit your debt and you ’re probably gonna die alone .
Wednesday Night Drinkball
When you 're unemployed , it 's tough to convince your pals to drink beers with you on a Wednesday night and it's also tough to hang out at a reasonable time when you 're depending on the G train .
Sean Bonnette from Andrew Jackson Jihad really delivered the goods on these vocals and e-mailed them over as if we were recording Get Warmer or something .
There ’s nothing less cool than feeling exhausted from hours of not doing a damn thing at all .
Not thrilling to chill , steal bandwidth and cable , give shouts to employers and wait for the call .
There ’s a light shining out from the windowsill not content to project all day long .
Maybe I could walk a little to the library .
Closed .
Maybe I could do this right for once .
Get my ducks in a row and just stop talking trash or whatever they say .
Make the bed , sweep the floor , shake the carpet and spray .
Put my shit in a pile , on the top slap a post - it , “ Do n’t worry , someday your skill set will be wanted . ”
But today everybody is a little tired , it ’s Wednesday .
So at 10:00 I ’m walking down a chilly Boerum to Broadway .
And it ’s you and me and a tallboy of Colt 45 or Bud Light .
What ’s the cheapest one ?
Get through one more night .
I drink fast , I do n’t savor .
Each way takes an hour and at twelve , I ’ll be gone .
25 !
25 is a really tough birthday , I think .
It 's pretty much the year when you should be an adult and have your shit together , you 're not a teenager or a college - age kid anymore even though days and minutes before you turn 25 dumb mistakes feel more excusable .
I guess when you 're twenty - five years old , you live with your parents , your mother pays for doctors visits and you make your money by walking dogs and pushing soda carts , it 's hard to feel very good as a bona fide adult .
I walked two miles in the rain in a suit , my feet torn up by my father ’s shoes .
Receipts and cards tumble out of my pocket to the floor of the station .
I still do n’t have a wallet .
Up a flight of stairs to Herald Square .
The umbrellas of New York take up too much air .
So we just walk real slow at double - arms length in unison .
My mom dragged me to the doctor today , I had a cough for a month and it wo n’t go away ‘ cause I ’ve been sleeping on floors for three hours a day and I have no insurance , so she has to pay .
I ca n’t talk to my friends because I ’m embarrassed that I keep sliding back down .
I keep getting depressed . -
We got our ideals but no way to achieve them .
- We got our degree but got no means to use it .
- We ’re swimming in debt with no way to surmount it .
- We got thirty bucks and we spend it on whiskey .
- We got credit cards , so we got a new TV .
- We got mobile phones but no minutes so text me .
Get out of my way because I ’m 25 and I still act like I ’m ten !
I ’m 25 !
I do n’t learn from my mistakes I make them again and again and again and again and again ... -
We swallow our pride over piles of problems .
- We whine and complain but we do n’t try to solve ‘em .
- We ’re reaching for answers like nobody ’s got ‘em .
Get out of my way because I ’m 25 and I still act like I ’m ten goddamn years old !
$ 2,400,000
I wrote a lot of this song , and recorded the demo when we were at the Monster House in Columbus , Ohio and the kids there were pretty nice about me going down into the basement and jammin ' for a few hours before the show .
I thought I was probably freaking out Lemuria too , ' cause we had just met a few days earlier .
All weirdo - ness aside , I like this jam a bit .
I also think it 's fair to get bummed when stuff that you believe in gets co-opted in weird ways .
I literally got an e-mail once that said " google my name , I have credentials . "
Sure you do .
I know what it looks like , but the ship ’s not capsizing .
The driver ’s just drunk or asleep at the wheel .
The map is illegible , we spilled beers all over it .
We ’re all piss poor heroes , we ’re aching to drown in a sea of bad metaphors : trite , overused .
Well , I ’m sorry I guess talking just makes me confused .
Dang dang .
And as a result , conversations do n’t start , they sputter and stammer .
They spiral like shit trying to go down the drain but keeps spinning ‘ cause forces are making it stay and I do n’t wanna talk ‘ cause you do n’t understand .
This was n’t for anyone , I just wanted something that was n’t prepackaged , that was n’t preplanned and now my only plan that is damn sure to happen
Is slowly decaying on a shelf filled with millionaires saving the future in a sweet fucking press release , gloating on pedestals .
You ca n’t make a change unless you ’re there bragging , unless you ’re a dick about something that ’s pure to you .
Something that ’s pure to you always gets fucked .
“ Google my name , ‘ cause kid , I ’ve got credentials .
My pop ’s a big shit and I can get you free long distance .
My co-op is awesome , my fixed gear ’s ridiculous .
Stop smiling , stop frowning , I always thought you ’d be different . ”
And there ’s been talk of leaving for good , but how and to where and what happens when they show up there with friends ?
Can you afford to leave again ?
Gang of Four Meets the Stooges ( but Boring )
Simply put , this song is about a band that got paid all the door money at a show in Montana ( $ 300 ) and refused to give us even $ 20 for gas after we drove something like twelve hours that day .
They eventually threw a quarter at us and drove away .
They also screwed over buddies of mine who have put on house shows in other places .
Get me drunk , I 'll tell ya all about it .
There ’s nothing new about the old sound regardless of what you say .
The world is looking on like “ Really ?
Again ?
Okay , okay . ”
We jumped on late , we both live far away .
Okay , but it ’s 700 vs. 2 K and when there ’s a lot of money you can split things two ways .
When you put us on last and late , assholes , we ’re getting paid .
We did n’t bring the shitty attitude but our kids still came and yo , I heard that friends and bands and human beings are supposed to help each other out , okay ?
Even twenty bucks could have fixed this up .
A gesture .
SOMETHING .
We ’ll feel super posi when there ’s sugar in your gas tank , stink bombs at your CMJ convention .
No one bought your record .
Oh no !
No one wants to buy pretention .
We ’re eating pizza in New York .
We ’re drinking beers with our best friends .
We ’re not looking over shoulders .
Karma is the shit .
9/11 Fever !!!
This song is about the five - year anniversary of September 11th .
As someone who saw the towers crumble to the ground and all the panicked people in the streets , it really offended me to see it all sensationalized with celebrity movies , news specials and the like which all leads to more war and more pointless campaign arguments .
Come to think of it , that shit should offend just about anybody .
We ca n’t forget 3,000 lives .
We got the flag to prove it .
We got the sticker and the bracelet .
We got a list of specials and we set the DVR so we wo n’t miss it .
We waste no time .
I got the fever for a feature , a new target for a campaign speech and a couple cents off at the pump tonight .
You want the action hit of the summer where Nick Cage really learns something or the made - for - TV suspense - thriller where the pimp from Taxi Driver is attacking Clinton ’s credibility ?
Or how about some amateur footage of southern Virginians crying to the camera and shopping at Rite - Aid buying flags to translate what they gotta prove on this year ’s anniversary .
We ’re mourning the loss , oh what can ya do but make the evening news logo red white and blue !
Boo hoo !
I got the fever for a feature , a new target for a campaign speech and another moot point on the floor tonight .
I got the fever for a feature , a holiday for a high school teacher and a couple cents off at the pump tonight .
( Shut ) Up the Punx !!!
I guess this song is pretty self - explanatory , but I should mention that it 's about a very small portion of the people that we 've come into contact with .
We 've been treated so well by so many punk rock friends is truly inspiring when we see how people operate outside of the system all over the world .
It 's disheartening however when the small few seem to think acting high and mighty about their politics ( or worse , doing so in an effort to eventually cash in ) is going to help anyone or change anything .
But fuck that .
This is a love letter to the active people in the punk rock community who make the world a better place for all us outcasts .
I know it ’s hypocritical to point fingers at the people who point fingers .
But when we all march to the beat of the same different drummer , the steps start to come off like clockwork .
I guess I ’m saying we could stand to be nicer because when you ’re in a basement talking shit and interspersing it with speaking in namedrops and units , I must admit I ’m not the best when on the defensive .
I ’d rather steal your whiskey than your heart in conversation .
I ’d rather break three strings a song then stick to a routine like I ’m ripe for the picking after growing on a tree and then talk about the industry , cross - market positivity with vinyl nerds and brightly colored , quirky messy record sleeves .
I ’d rather be vomiting and I despise vomiting .
Blugh .
But thanks for the beer .
I appreciate your time but can we talk about something else ?
If you really think that you and I are on the same page you can go ahead and fuck yourself .
Because you ’ve got coke and good looks , I ’ve got overdue library books so let ’s be friends and change the subject now .
‘ Cause the last thing I wanna be is another negative asshole .
Like God speaks through my acoustic guitar and I ’ve got the perfect set of morals on a dry erase board at the front of the house .
FOLLOW THESE CONDITIONS OR WE’LL KICK YOUR ASS OUT :
Vegans only : NO MEAT ALLOWED !
Straight edge only : NO DRINKING ALLOWED !
Fixed gears only : NO THREE - SPEEDS ALLOWED !
Me me me !!!:
I ’M SMART !
I ’M RIGHT !
I ’M SMART !
I think it ’s dumb when you take the inherently fun like riding bikes and singing songs and say they ’re not for everyone as if for your whole life you were cool as shit .
“ Punk tourist ! ”
‘ Cause you still beg for cash cause you spent your parents ’ last on a Greyhound to the Fest and your jacket says Crass but I do n’t give an ass I ’m not giving you fifty cents so that you can buy a forty and destroy a hotel party as the man who shrugs your mess up shrugs and says , “ This non-conformity looks like conformity , like boring nice people pose threats to your authority .
This positivity is negativity and you boys sure left me with a mess to clean . ”
Smile big , hug bigger .
Talk big , act bigger .
Stop judging do something , shut the fuck up do something .
Instead of sneering at my friends and me ‘ cause we ’re not stealing buy a troubled friend a drink at the bar and tip well .
Do n’t spend your time scoffing when do that you ’re just scoffing like the people who scoff at us while defending our community .
You ’re a teacher , you ’re a parent , you ’re the head of a dictatorship .
When the ground is covered up in rules you ’re guaranteed to power trip .
This non-conformity looks like conformity .
Why should anyone believe in our community ?
This organization does n’t feel like anarchy ‘ cause we ’re suiting up to have the same identity and the boring nice people say , “ Shut up the punx ! ”
All the people who have barbecues to feed their friends and family , “ Shut up the punx ! ”
All the people writing zines with information , not just blaming things , “ Shut up the punx ! ”
All the boys and girls are fed up with just saying that we ’re punk , we say , “ Shut up the punx ! ” Can I Pay My Rent in Fun ?
When you go on tour long enough , a lot of things in your home life suffer .
Everyone in a band has probably lost a job ( or will lose one ) from focusing too much on what they love .
I thought that getting a letter from human resources in the mail on the last day of tour was a particularly cold way to be discharged from a job that I had for years , but maybe it was just an indicator that it was time to move on in my life .
You took a little every day until I did n’t have shit .
Two years off and on and not even the chance to quit , just a letter on a fridge that I got from human resources .
I know that six weeks was kind of a bit much and that nothing is forever , and that nothing should be .
Someday it all stops and I can’t sleep now because I ’m not a real fucking adult but I guess now I ’ll have my life from 7 to 6:45 .
Marie ! Marie !
Marie !
I ’m sorry I ’ve been too busy for the promise of an unfulfilling life .
The risks I took were mine to take .
We could n’t communicate in anything but rote responses and shit eating grins .
Everything starts dwindling when it ’s all built on power trips and pandering .
The letter arrived yesterday .
I did n’t have a drop to drink .
I had to play and drive four hours to Brooklyn to my apartment of dirty shit and 1,000 lonely days ahead .
But I guess now I ’ll have my life with red and black out of my eyes .
Marie ! Marie !
Marie !
I ’m really stoked you set me free from the promise of an unfulfilling life where I can pay my bills and pass out at eleven and not wake up in the morning and start feeling bad .
Worst case of the mondays that I ’ve ever had though I treat every weekday like a Saturday night except for drinks I ca n’t afford .
A can of Shmidty ’s , nothing more .
I / you / we all need some more security than that provided by choosing between a job you hate , a job you hate and a job that does n’t pay .
I got too caught up with me to behave responsibly .
Michael , Nathan and Christine , I ’ve got no rent , Marie !
Marie !
I was arguing with cops while I had a fake moustache on , poorly handling emotions , swimming naked in the ocean , breaking bottles all over your floor and leaving without our passports , drinking gin and Zicam until 2 AM while playing rock band , inviting myself into homes of strangers to drink all alone , leaving sweat - soaked boxers on a bar ‘ cause they said “ put a t - shirt on , ” acting irresponsibly and trying to make a choice between a job you hate and a job that does n’t pay .
Saddr Weirdr
This song was written a few days before I left Athens as I was packing up my shit and throwing out stuff like birthday cards and little gifts people picked out for me .
Moving is a weird feeling when you feel like there are some acquaintances or friends of friends who you might never see again , especially when you have no specific plans and then everyone getting drunk together on the last night in town to make even more fuzzy memories .
Leaving friends for a storage space and a van is depressing , but thankfully there will always be friends to make you feel less depressed in weird situations .
This song is for James Brown , Amy Glickman and Craig Howe for all their help in my weird situation .
I put all my books in a box to put them in a concrete cube and underneath more boxes hidden behind boxes I ’ll get in one too .
I just threw out another gift .
I know it had a bit of thought but Mary we wo n’t talk soon , I have no use for Crocs now and I have no use for gifts .
They ’re gonna be piles .
I ’m gonna be a packrat .
That ’s gonna shit .
It ’s hard to empty out my drawers .
It ’s hard to empty out my home .
Now I ’m a vacant home for the last spark of a soul .
Gonna get drunk one last time .
It ’s gonna get sadder , it ’s gonna get weirder until I ’m gone .
It ’s gonna get sadder .
It ’s gonna get weirder until I ’m gone , now it ’s kind of what I want but regardless thanks a lot for letting me stay on your futon .
I do n’t know what I want , but regardless , thanks a lot .
Sort of Like Being Pumped
This was the first time in my life I ever picked up a guitar , wanted to write a song that sounded like something and actually wrote that song .
After a particularly cold and depressing week , I took a ride home on the front of the J train and I guess the timing was just right that the sun was setting at that time that week and it was cool to feel nice about something finally , even if it was so simple .
I demoed this one in Attractive and Popular 's house in Arkansas , but I may have pissed them off because before I did that I drank a bottle of whiskey , snubbed the singer of the Blue Meanies , maybe started crying and made everyone turn off Last Action Hero .
Then again , the next morning I felt okay , they took us to an amazing breakfast and the hot springs where we grabbed pennies out of the bottom of the boiling water .
Once again , it was pretty cool to feel nice .
I saw the sunset from the front of the J train tonight .
The subway stopped and stammered and I could n’t get my footing right .
I tied my scarf for the walk home the sun went down by 5:45 .
But I saw the sunset tonight .
I saw the sunset from the front of the J train tonight .
I saw an Asian boy staring out the window at the light .
We did n’t see a single sunrise at 6:30 AM .
It ’s been a cloudy week and cold as ice .
But I saw the sun set over the tracks tonight .
I saw the sunset from the front of the J train tonight .
I took a couple pictures and the workers thought that I wa sn’t quite right .
I see them every day , we all battle for a seat , it ’s been a long damn week , we gotta rest our tired feet .
But I saw messages that say that life ’s better than this .
I followed it down to the ground and took a seat with the other stiffs I faced my weekend fright , looked forward to my Friday night .
I let my worries burn like files inside the fire and lights when I saw the sunset .
The US government has asked for a meeting with Syria 's ambassador to discuss concerns including Damascus ' possible nuclear program and support for groups that Washington labels as terrorists , a State Department spokesman said on Friday .
Uranium Enrichment Israel urges more pressure on Iran Roni Sofer Foreign Ministry issues response to IAEA report on Iran and Syria , says Iran 's continuing uranium enrichment merits international intervention ; also calls for probes into sites barred by Syria after evidence of nuclear activity was discovered there Israel urges more pressure on Iran
The request follows a report by UN inspectors on Thursday that graphite and more uranium traces were found in samples taken from a Syrian site that Washington says was an almost built graphite nuclear reactor destroyed by Israel in November 2007 .
The Syrian ambassador to the United States , Imad Mustafa , has been asked to meet the acting head of Near Eastern Affairs at the State Department next week , spokesman Gordon Duguid said .
" The meeting is an opportunity for dialogue to discuss our concerns with the Syrians , " he said .
" There remain key differences between our two governments , including concerns about Syria 's support for terrorist groups and networks , Syria 's acquisition of nuclear and non-conventional weaponry , interference in Lebanon and a worsening human rights situation . "
Relations between Syria and the United States nosedived after the 2005 assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , although Syria denies involvement .
Tensions have lingered over Damascus 's support for the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas and the Lebanese Hizbullah movement , accusations that Syria allowed Islamist fighters to infiltrate Iraq and suspicions about a secret nuclear program - which Damascus also denies .
But Syria hopes for a thaw with Washington under new US President Barack Obama .
Syrian President Bashar Assad told a British newspaper this week he hoped for better relations and that Obama would send an ambassador to Syria soon .
The United States withdrew its ambassador under President George W. Bush in 2005 after Hariri 's assassination .
Senator John Kerry , chairman of the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee , will visit Syria over the weekend .
Pill to erase bad memories : Ethical furore over drugs ' that threaten human identity '
A drug which appears to erase painful memories has been developed by scientists .
The astonishing treatment could help sufferers of post - traumatic stress disorder and those whose lives are plagued by hurtful recurrent memories .
But British experts said the breakthrough raises disturbing ethical questions about what makes us human .
They also warned it could have damaging psychological consequences , preventing those who take it from learning from their mistakes .
Kate Winslet and Jim Carrey starred in Eternal Sunshine
Of the Spotless Mind - which saw the couple use a technique to erase painful memories of each other
Dr Daniel Sokol , a lecturer in medical ethics at St George 's , University of London , said : ' Removing bad memories is not like removing a wart or a mole .
It will change our personal identity since who we are is linked to our memories .
' It may perhaps be beneficial in some cases , but before eradicating memories , we must reflect on the knock - on effects that this will have on individuals , society and our sense of humanity . '
Dutch researchers claim to have erased bad memories by using ' beta - blocker ' drugs , which are usually prescribed to patients with heart disease .
The drug could erase frightening memories - such as spider phobia
Experiments on animals had already shown that the drugs - beta- adrenergic receptor blockers - can interfere with how the brain makes and remakes memories of frightening events .
In the latest study , Dr Merel Kindt of Amsterdam University tested the drugs on 60 men and women .
His team created fearful memories in volunteers by showing them pictures of spiders while giving them gentle electric shocks .
The volunteers were urged to ' actively remember ' the images , creating a strong negative association between spiders and discomfort .
The following day the volunteers were split into two groups .
One was given the beta blocker and the other a placebo pill before both were shown the same spider pictures .
The researchers recorded the level of fear in the volunteers by playing sudden noises and measuring how strongly they blinked .
A strong startle response showed they were in a fearful state , while a mild response showed they were calm .
The group given the beta blocker had a much weaker fear response than those given the dummy pill , the researchers report in the journal Nature Neuroscience .
A day later - once the drug was out of their systems - their fear response was tested again .
Once more , those given the beta blocker the previous day showed fewer signs of spider phobia , suggesting the memory was completely erased .
Beta blockers appear to work because each time someone recalls a powerful emotional memory the memory is ' remade ' by the brain .
The drug interferes with this re-creation of the stressful memory - and prevents the brain renewing it .
In theory , it could eradicate memories of traumatic events that happened years ago .
It might also help patients overcome phobias , obsessions , eating disorders and even sexual hang - ups .
Dr Kindt said : ' Traditionally , therapists seek to teach people with such disorders strategies to build new associations and block bad memories but the problem is the memories remain and people often relapse . '
It could be several years before doctors prescribe the drugs for patients with post - traumatic stress disorder .
The scientists say more tests are needed to confirm the drug 's memory - erasing properties .
Dr Kindt said : ' The next steps are to look at how long the drug 's effects on memory last , and testing the treatment in people who actually are suffering from some kind of disorder or phobia . '
But British experts warned the drug raises some difficult questions .
Professor John Harris , an expert in biological ethics at the University of Manchester , said : ' It is obviously up to the individual whether or not she wishes to risk the possible effects , including psychological discontinuity , of erasing unpleasant memories .
' An interesting complexity is the possibility that victims , say of violence , might wish to erase the painful memory and with it their ability to give evidence against assailants .
' Similarly criminals and witnesses to crime may , under the guise of erasing a painful memory , render themselves unable to give evidence . '
Paul Farmer , chief executive of the mental - health charity Mind , said he was concerned about the ' fundamentally pharmacological ' approach to problems such as phobias and anxiety .
He told Channel 4 News that the unintended consequences ' could include the eradication of positive memories ' .
Professor Neil Burgess of the Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience told the programme that wide - scale use of the drug was a long way off .
' All they 've shown so far is that the increased ability to startle someone if they are feeling a bit anxious is reduced , ' he said .
The ability to remove memories has been the stuff of science fiction for decades .
In the film Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , which starred Kate Winslet and Jim Carrey , a couple used a technique to erase memories of each other when their relationship turned sour .
Heller_Barde wrote : do n't you have to format the ramdisk again every boot with linux raid partition type and stuff ?
No , you just add / dev/rd /0 to the array directly ; the md driver will automatically " rebuild " the array ( i.e. populate the ramdisk ) in the background with idle bandwidth ( i.e. whenever the permanent storage device is n't being accessed ) .
Here is one way of doing it :
* First you choose the permanent storage device you want to use ; I chose an eSATA flash drive , but a USB flash drive or a HDD would work just as well .
* Create a partition on the device , with type " fd " ( linux raid autodetect ) .
Be careful when setting its size , since it will have to be backed by a ramdisk of the exact same size .
I made mine exactly 2,147,483,648 bytes ( 2 GiB , 2,097,152 KiB ) .
Let 's say the partition is / dev/sdc1 .
* Optionally create a / boot partition for grub / lilo .
Grub at least should be able to boot a RAID 1 partition directly , but I have n't bothered to try .
Since I 'm not using the entire drive for the RAID 1 partition anyway , I figured I might as well set up the other partition ( for data ) as the / boot partition .
* Make sure / dev/rd/0 is available .
I set the ramdisk parameters in my kernel command line ( / boot / grub / menu.lst ) : brd.rd_nr=1 brd.rd_size=2097152 .
I also added raid=autodetect in there .
All three parameters can be hardcoded when compiling the kernel , with make menuconfig .
* Create the array :
mdadm - C [ b ] /dev/md0 [/b ] -n 2 -l 1 / dev/rd/0 - W [ b ] /dev/sdc1 [/b]
Note : the choice of the / dev / md [ 0 - 9 ] device number is permanent ; if you are already running a RAID array and have to use / dev / md1 for instance , you 'll have to specify the same device ( / dev/ md1 ) as the root of the filesystem when booting .
If you want to delay writing to / dev/sdc1 , add both the -- write - behind and - b internal parameters :
mdadm - C / dev/md0 -n 2 -l 1 [ b ] - b internal [ / b ]
/ dev/rd/0 - W [ b ] -- write - behind [ /b ]
/dev/sdc1
I 'm still not sure how much of an impact it has on general responsiveness ; you should test it yourself ( YMMV ) .
See the md( 4 ) and mdadm ( 8 ) man pages for more information .
* If the command is successful , the md driver will start populating the ramdisk with the ( albeit empty ) contents of / dev/sdc1 .
You can watch its progression by running cat / proc / mdstat , or :
watch -n 1 ' cat / proc/mdstat '
* Create a filesystem on your RAID device .
I chose XFS :
mkfs.xfs -L RAID1 /dev/md0
* Your hybrid RAID1 device is created , you can now mount its filesystem , like with any other device .
Copy on it the contents of what will be your root filesystem , while making sure you have modified the appropriate files like / etc / fstab ( with / dev/ md0 for / ) , etc … Personally , I previously booted an Arch installation USB drive and made a tarball of my entire / partition ; then , after I created the RAID1 array , I simply unpacked the tarball onto the RAID1 filesystem :
tar - C /mnt/md0 -x -p -f backup.tar
* In /etc/rc.local of the RAID filesystem , add this line : mdadm / dev/md0 - a / dev/rd/0
* Make sure / dev/sdc is bootable ( set up grub on it ) .
Use either / dev/sdc1 or / dev/sdc2 as the boot partition ( depending on your earlier choice ) , not / dev /md0 ( I 'm not sure that would work ) .
* In / boot / grub / menu.lst of / dev/sdc1 or / dev/sdc2 , set root= / dev/md0 in your kernel command line , as well as the other three parameters I mentioned above ( raid=autodetect and brd.rd_nr=1 brd.rd_size=2097152 ) .
I also added rootwait just to be sure the kernel would wait for the RAID1 device to be detected before it attempts to mount it ; it 's particularly important if / dev/sdc is a flash drive .
If that does n't work ( kernel panic before it could find the root device ) , use rootdelay =20 .
That 's pretty much it .
Reboot .
The kernel will detect / dev/sdc1 as being part of a RAID 1 array and mount it as root , even though it can't find its second member ( the ramdisk ) .
That 's alright .
When /etc/rc.local is finally executed ( at the end ) , the ramdisk gets added to the RAID array , and md populates it ; meanwhile , you can do anything you want on the filesystem ( read / write ) .
The " rebuilding " process is pretty fast ( as fast as the permanent storage device allows ) because it is done on a block device level , as opposed to a filesystem level : transfer blocks are fairly large ( 128 KiB by default , it seems ) .
The faster the device at large sequential reads , the faster the rebuilding .
That 's why a HDD is perfectly acceptable in such a setup .
I have n't yet tried starting X and my other apps immediately ( I 've waited for the rebuilding process to complete , which takes a few seconds here ) ; but once the ramdisk is populated , everything loads instantly .
It would be pretty hard to go back to a normal setup …
South Asia Terrorism Portal
SATP is the largest website on terrorism and low intensity warfare in South Asia , and creates the database and analytic context for research and analysis of all extremist movements in the region .
SATP has been set up to counter the progressive distortions regarding , and the international community ’s neglect of , the wide range of terrorist movements within South Asia , and particularly in India .
SATP establishes a comprehensive , searchable and continuously updated database on all available information relating to terrorism , low intensity warfare and ethnic / communal / sectarian strife in South Asia .
View Profile
Vitamin D supplements ' could stave off mental decline in the elderly '
Vitamin D should be trialled for its ability to prevent Alzheimer 's disease
Taking vitamin D supplements in middle age could cut the risk of Alzheimer 's disease in later life , scientists say .
The vitamin , made when our skin is exposed to sunlight , is already credited with keeping the immune system and bones strong and preventing some cancers .
And the latest study found high levels were also closely linked to keeping mentally sharp in old age .
It is one of the first to suggest that the vitamin could provide a simple and cheap way of cutting the risk of dementia , which affects 700,000 in Britain .
If the link was confirmed , adults could be given free supplements from middle age , said researcher Dr Iain Lang .
' You can supply vitamin D very cheaply - a few pence a day , ' he said .
' Given the growing burden of care associated with dementia , even if it reduced 10 per cent of dementia , it would make a massive difference .
' The amount that 's contained in a regular multi-vitamin tablet is fine . '
Dr Lang , of the Peninsula Medical School in Exeter , measured vitamin D in the blood of almost 2,000 men and women aged 65 and over .
The volunteers were also set a test designed to assess mental decline linked to a raised risk of dementia .
Those with the lowest levels were more than twice as likely to have problems with memory and attention , than those with the highest levels , the Journal of Geriatric Psychology and Neurology reports .
Although vitamin D in the body largely comes from sunlight exposure , our ability to generate it decreases with age .
Dr Lang added : ' For those of us who live in countries where there are dark winters without much sunlight , like the UK , getting enough vitamin D can be a real problem - particularly for older people , who absorb less vitamin D from sunlight . '
It is thought the vitamin may work by triggering the production of new brain cells and protecting existing ones from damage .
As there is no evidence that it repairs the damage done by dementia , men and women would benefit most by taking a supplement from middle age to ward off the condition , said the researchers .
The federal budget introduced late last month by Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's Conservative government passed in the House of Commons on Tuesday night , by a vote of 211 to 91 .
Six Liberal MPs from Newfoundland and Labrador voted against the budget , along with the sitting NDP and Bloc Quebecois members .
The remaining Liberal MPs and the Conservative caucus voted in favour of the budget .
Earlier Tuesday , Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff had said he would allow the six MPs from his party to vote against the federal budget .
Prior to Ignatieff 's announcement on Tuesday , four Newfoundland and Labrador MPs -- Judy Foote , Scott Andrews , Scott Simms and Siobhan Coady -- had vowed to vote down the budget , saying it negatively targets their province and robs it of about $ 1.6 billion in federal funding .
Of the two remaining MPs , Todd Russell had said he was going to vote for the budget to promote party unity and Gerry Byrne had not made it clear how he was going to vote .
" I decided to permit them in the budget vote tonight a one - time vote of protest to signal their displeasure and my displeasure at these unilateral actions which in my view weaken our federation , cause strains in our federation at a time when Canadians should be pulling together , " Ignatieff said Tuesday .
He said the issue was not just about Newfoundland and Labrador but about " the way ( Prime Minister ) Stephen Harper runs this federation . "
" Tonight , they will have a one - time vote against the budget in order to send a clear signal to Newfoundland and Labrador and to the whole of Canada that this is no way to run a federation , " Ignatieff said .
Ignatieff met with the Newfoundland and Labrador caucus on Monday evening to discuss the issue .
Byrne told CTV's Power Play that Igantieff and the MPs " had a very , very broad discussion about all sorts of things , " though talk centred on the issue of the contentious changes to the federal funding that Newfoundland and Labrador receives from the government .
He would not say if Ignatieff had asked the MPs to follow party discipline when voting on Tuesday evening .
" I 'm not going to discuss exactly what was said in a private meeting with my leader , the future prime minister , " he said .
The Liberal Party has agreed to support the Tory budget but has demanded that the government submit periodic progress reports .
The demand , which was put forth in an amendment Monday night , passed by a vote of 214 to 84 , with the NDP and Bloc Quebecois voting against it .
St. John 's Mayor Dennis O'Keefe said Tuesday that the $ 1.6 billion figure is based upon the equalization formula and changes to that formula proposed in the budget will create the loss for the province over the next three years .
" That 's a tremendous hit for any province , " he told CTV's Canada AM on Tuesday .
Finance Minister Jim Flaherty said the change is the result of the government 's decision to cap the growth of equalization payments to the rate of economic growth .
" Certainly one of the principles involved in equalization is that all provinces should be treated equally , " he told the Commons .
" It is not open to one province to elect to have unrestrained growth of equalization , sharing payments , whether it is through the accords or through formal equalization . "
Ignatieff spoke to Harper late Monday asking him to rethink the measures that would penalize Newfoundland .
" I said to the prime minister , ' You ca n't run a federation this way , unilateral - without - warning changes , " ' Ignatieff said .
" I said , would he push the pause button on those changes and rethink his approach to get greater national unity in a time of crisis , and he said no . "
CTV's Ottawa Bureau Chief Robert Fife said Ignatieff 's decision means he is " marching to the drumbeat " of Newfoundland and Labrador Premier Danny Williams and the Liberal MPs from the province .
" He 's opened the door to any of his members of parliament being able to vote against the Liberal Party position if that 's the view of their premier or their province , " Fife said .
With files from The Canadian Press
Sh. M.S. Grewal the eminent boarding school specialist , after contributing to various boarding schools , founded Dalhousie Public School at Dalhousie , India .
When he found his vision being diluted , he quit active involvement at Dalhousie and moved on .
He handed the baton this time , to his son P.S.GREWAL Helped by his revered BEEJI and wife RUPAM GREWAL , PS created what is today this magnificent institution .
The spirit and vision of Dalhousie Public School came with the founder to BADHANI - India .
Whatever a boarding school of today should be , exists at BADHANI .
Latest News
North American students can now be evaluated for admission in TORONTO , VANCOUVER and SEATTLE in July and August .
Admission process for 2019 - 20 has started .
Students of class X and XII scored amazing results on their CBSE board exams .
With over 90 % of the students scoring in the first division .
A spectacular " Welcome Night " was held on 27 April 2019 .
Badhani Premier League ( Male Teacher and Boys ) CFC vs DU is to be held on Sunday the 26 May 2019
Badhani Premier League ( Girls ) CFC vs DU is to be held on Sunday the 26 May 2019
Graduation Ceremony for Class XII was held on 16 Feb 2019 .
Chief guest Maj Gen Krishnan Narayanan presided over the students high school graduation .
Graduation Ceremony for Class V was held on 16 Feb 2019 .
Chief guest Maj Gen Krishnan Narayanan presided over the students junior school graduation .
Christmas celebrations on 15 Dec 2016
By Claire Bates
Ask a little girl what her favourite colour is , and chances are she 'll shout " pink " .
Toy aisles and clothing rails are packed with this shade , but is nothing but pink for girls harmful ?
How different it was in the early 1900s , when blue was for girls and pink for boys .
Any colour so long as it's pink The Women 's Journal explained it thus : " That pink being a more decided and stronger colour , is more suitable for the boy , while blue , which is more delicate and dainty , is prettier for the girl . "
DressMaker magazine agreed .
" The preferred colour to dress young boys in is pink .
Blue is reserved for girls as it is considered paler , and the more dainty of the two colours , and pink is thought to be stronger ( akin to red ) . "
What prompted the switch is unclear , but it had been made by the time Adolf Hitler ordered the classification of homosexuals .
Those deemed " curable " were sent to concentration camps and labelled with a pink triangle .
This suggests that by then , pink was associated with femininity .
But some commentators now believe pink dominates the upbringing of little girls , and this may be damaging .
Sue Palmer , author of Toxic Childhood , says the " total obsession " with pink stunts girls ' personalities .
" I am very worried about it .
You can't find girls over the age of three who are n't obsessed with the colour .
It 's under their skin from a very early age and severely limits choices , and decisions .
The effect of pink is temporary - it is not the profound negative effect that is being argued
Michael Gurian
" We have got to get something done about the effect marketeers are having .
We are creating little fluffy pink princess , an image of girliness , that is very specific and which some girls do n't want to go along with , but due to overwhelming peer pressure , are having to conform to . "
So successful have toymakers been in creating a girl 's world painted purely pink , that a study by speech therapists in Durham shows children having no problem identifying the colour blue , but saying " Barbie " when shown pink .
Nature not nurture
But therapist and researcher Michael Gurian , who is based in the United States , says too much pink does n't have a profound effect biologically - because it can't .
Are girls now less likely to play rough ?
He says humans are programmed in a certain way and no amount of contact with external influences can change that .
" Everyone is hard - wired with four things - gender , a talent set , personality and differing ability to deal with trauma .
" I agree that if you are saying the environment has no effect on these , you go too far the other way , but the effect is negligible . "
Mr Gurian , the author of Nurture The Nature , says the only thing that can profoundly change the way a girl is programmed to develop is a chemical imbalance or some kind of serious trauma .
For example , he says images of thin models and actresses do not cause a person to become anorexic - there are more complicated factors at work .
It is the same with over - exposure to pink ( or any other single colour that might have been assigned to girls ) .
" Scientists all argue the same thing - you cannot have a biological organism without having an environment for it to exist in , but that environment does not change the very basic make - up of that organism .
" The effect is more temporary .
It is not the profound negative effect that is being argued . "
Eye for colour Enter any toy store or children 's clothing department and it's easy to spot the gender divide - one side is floor - to - ceiling pink , the other camouflage shades with the odd dash of orange and blue .
Hence discussion boards on parenting websites bemoan the fact it is " impossible " to buy any other colour for girls .
My girls love pink - it's their favourite colour , but equally they are happy in the garden wallowing in mud
Mum - of - two Maria Dawes
As girls are more aware of colour than boys - they put more colour in their drawings , for example , and learn colour names more quickly - it is no surprise that toy manufacturers have latched onto a certain shade to pitch at girls .
" It could 've been any colour , " says Mr Gurian .
Boys too have their own stereotypes and colour palette to contend with , but feminists argue that these are n't as marginalising .
Girls are already fighting inequality , they say .
Mr Gurian says those who rail against pink think it means " girl , girl , girl , which means not smart , which means oppressed " .
But girls believed to have been harmed by too much pink are actually either " traumatised by something , or not given the opportunities to develop their natural talents .
That has nothing to do with pink . "
Maria Dawes , a mother to two girls aged four and three , says : " My girls love pink - it 's their favourite colour , but equally they are happy in the garden wallowing in mud .
Surely this is all just about balanced and sensible parenting ?
" Exposure to all things pink does bother me a bit , but in the end , they will make their own decisions as they mature . "
Mr Gurian himself has two teenage girls .
" My daughters love pink , but are very successful young women .
Their love of pink and of girl stuff has not held them back . "
Ms Palmer , too , has a daughter , and when she was little she played with a pastel - pretty My Little Pony .
" I tried hard for her not to have one , but she did .
We were rock bottom broke though , so I could n't give in to the pink pester power too much , thankfully . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
I agree the colour itself is not dangerous ( I 'm happily wearing bright pink at the moment ) , it 's more a symptom of how society likes to box girls and women in , by expecting very specific things from them .
I agree that stick - thin models do n't cause anorexia , but they do cause feelings of inadequacy in a lot of girls and women ( myself included ) .
Harriet R , Bristol , UK I always used to love pink as a child - I was given pink towels , pink fairy dresses and pink toy rabbits while my sister was given the same in blue .
I was glad until about eight , when I wanted to grow out of it .
Unfortunately my relatives disagreed and I used to die a little inside whenever I opened a present to find a bright pink pair of trousers or another pink fluffy animal .
But I do n't think I 've been damaged by it , except I now loathe pink .
I had to get my bedroom carpet changed because it was a particularly bright shade when I moved recently .
Anna , Beaconsfield , England
When my daughter was little her favourite colours were pink and shiny .
She had red hair and it clashed like crazy .
But who cares ?
She was happy .
Now she is grown and over the years her opinions have changed with her mood and occasionally with fashion .
She is a strong , confident woman .
What has pink got to do with that ?
Alix
The propensity of pink is not the only issue here as far as I am concerned .
Whole aisles are dedicated to pink products , but blue is in scarce supply .
My baby son looks really good in blue , however it is really difficult to get hold of blue clothes for him .
In any shop you can get a huge amount of pink for girls , but for boys you generally have to go for neutral as there does not seem to be much blue .
We wanted to get blue babygrows for him but despite a lot of searching we only got a couple , whereas if I had a girl and required pink I could have picked them up in all shops .
More gender equality in baby clothes , please retailers .
Matt , Cheshire
The shops only sell pink because that 's what we buy based on the demands of little girls .
I had no intention of dressing my daughter in pink , but that 's all she wanted .
I would offer her clothing in all sorts of lovely colours but she only wanted pink .
And with each season 's new offerings in the shops - usually with other new colours - she still wanted pink .
It was n't until she was 8 that she finally decided that pink was out .
Susan Hunt , Leidschendam , The Netherlands I do n't see what the problem is .
My daughter likes pink but she also likes all the other colours too .
If a child is fixated on something it is not down to manufacturers or marketing , it is an in - built character trait .
My daughter 's room is pink , she has Barbies but most of her clothing is not pink and most of her toys and room accessories are not pink .
Allow your children to be children .
They will enter the adult world soon enough .
V Leese , Southampton , England I try desperately to avoid pink clothes for my 21 - month - old daughter .
But it 's difficult to buy girls clothes in any other colour .
I cringe when I walk through the " girls " section of toy shops because it turns completely pink .
When I buy her toys I try to go for gender neutral ones .
When I play with her it's with footballs or on my skateboard .
But she loves pushing around a toy pram .
A friend bought her a Barbie doll ( to my horror ) , and she loved it .
Sorry feminists , I tried , I really did .
Alan Holt , Malmesbury
My 20 month old daughter is in purple today and my four year is in black and white .
They have orange , red , blue , green , white and black clothes , oh and pink and I 'm not loaded .
There is a lot of pink but there are other colours too .
Do not be pressured by your child to buy pink .
Nadine Norton , Shrewsbury
My two year old niece seems oblivious to colour , especially when picking her clothes .
Instead , the article of clothing is of more importance ( shirt and pants v dress ) .
However , whatever piece of clothing selected will invariably be put and worn on her head .
Leila , Canada
I struggle to see how a girl 's choice in clothing is limited .
All the clothing stores I go to consist of four floors of girls clothes and two racks of boys clothes hidden at the back of the top floor .
Owen , London Kids change , thankfully .
My daughter used to love the colour , had to have her room painted in a particularly nauseating hue , but now can't stand it .
Her change kind of happened about the time she realised she did n't like Barbie anymore .
Iain , Dunfermline
When I think about what I 'm very worried about on behalf of children today , the consequences of continued and unchecked / uncheckable global human population growth comes more readily to mind .
How we have arrived at a point where people can consider the over - representation of pink in little girls ' wardrobes to be a crisis is baffling to me .
For an intelligent species we have some tiny , tiny minds ...
Steve , Winchester , UK I 'm female and was born just after the end of WWII .
I was often dressed in blue and my younger sister was often dressed in pink .
Why ?
I have no idea , other than I was fair - haired and my sister had dark hair .
Perhaps due to the austerities of the war , that was what was available at the time .
Now I have the choice of which colours to wear , and I prefer reds and pinks , although I do wear blue as well .
I do n't think I have been harmed at all .
Whatever next !
Will someone suggest that we have too much green in nature ?
Lesley , Sevenoaks
I 've always hated pink , it feels for me to have suggestions of fluffy , silly , girliness which does n't suit my personality .
My three - year - old daughter is very similar - her favourite colour is blue and she loves Thomas the Tank Engine , but I have no choice but to dress her in pink clothes , particularly on a restricted budget .
Colour is an important expression of personality , and this is being restricted for girls .
However , I do n't think this ultimately affects their success or career choice , but I could be wrong .
Emma Carter , Bicester Sue Palmer claims that an obsession with Pink stunts a girls ' personality .
Surely , not allowing a child , whatever sex , the freedom to express their likes and dislikes re colour can only harm them more ?
I have two daughters ( 13 & 16 ) who have been in and out of love with the whole rainbow of colours and I 'm happy to report that they are both extremely well - adjusted young ladies , with no personality problems at all .
Samm Dodge , Bishops Stortford , UK
This pattern is in nature .
When starlings are ready to find a mate , the base of their bill changes colour - males have a blue tinge and females have a pink tinge .
Perhaps it 's a natural choice ?
Just to confuse things ... my favourite colour has always been aquamarine and I 'm female .
Lesley , Hitchin
My partner and I have a one - year - old daughter , who we attempt to dress in other colours .
When she was born we received lots of clothes , unsurprisingly in pink .
We reached our threshold when someone gave us a dozen different outfits for her first Christmas but all in the same sugar pink .
After that we consciously dressed her in other colours , only to have people assume she was a boy even though she would be wearing a dress .
The public in general assign pink to girls and some people appear to be confused if they do not see a girl baby dressed in that colour .
Marnie , Newport , South Wales
Our eldest daugher , five , is all about pink , and has been for years .
This is despite our conscious efforts to not force pinkness on her .
Conversely our other daughter , three - who is surrounded by her sister 's clothes etc - shows no particular interest in pink ; she 's more likely to go for yellow .
Andy , Brighton , UK
Two of my friends have recently given birth to baby girls and whilst I do n't have a problem with a bit of pink here and there , I do object to this " Daddy 's little princess " culture that seems to go hand in hand with the colour .
Combine this with the quite sexual nature of some clothes aimed at the under - 10s , and the proliferation of Playboy merchandise that is also pink and fluffy , and you can end up with a dangerous message of objectification from an early age .
Laura , London Please !
The pink issue is no different to girls just playing with dolls , boys being given cars and guns .
Surely the idea is to provide a balance ?
Small children , given the right opportunities to become familiar with other colours , toys , experiences will have their own ideas as they grow up in society .
For goodness sake be concerned about child cruelty and other serious issues for children .
Pink obsessionism is rather frivolous .
Sue Sandham , Magor , Caldicot I 'm sorry but girls liking pink is genetic .
My niece loved the colour pretty much from birth and by no means had it been forced upon her .
Little girls are girly , genetically , they are hard - wired to be so .
End of story .
Sam Sam , colour preference is not hard - wired , what a silly thing to say , especially based on a sample size of one .
I worry that children can't express themselves by wearing whatever colour they like .
The large companies keep trying to pigeonhole everyone or ad agencies or even government agencies .
We are individuals , adults and children and need to be treated as such .
Louise , Lincoln , UK I wish shops would n't always just do stuff in pink .
My daughter wo n't wear ANYTHING pink or even with a bit of pink on it , has n't in years .
This makes buying most things VERY difficult especially as she 's young .
PLEASE more colours .
I think this is her way of saying enough pink .
S Edwards , Bristol
My beautiful baby daughter aged three months looks stunning in pink , despite the best efforts of me and my wife to avoid dressing her in the colour .
Christian Ball , London
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
Richard Piatt ReportingA Utah State Senator wants to stop ' Gay - Straight Alliance ' clubs in the state 's public schools , but would banning them violate students ' constitutional rights ?
Right now 14 of the state 's 40 school districts allow ' Gay Straight Alliance ' clubs .
They 're meant to be a place where students who feel out of the mainstream can go to socialize .
In 1996 Salt Lake City 's East High School banned its Gay Straight Alliance club .
A lawsuit went all the way to the 10th circuit court of appeals .
The club eventually reinstated on the basis of federal equal protection laws .
But Senator Chris Buttars cites state law in his argument to ban the clubs .
He says there is a statute that limits clubs to protect students .
In fact , he says clubs can be limited if they encourage certain conduct , or involve human sexuality .
Sen. Chris Buttars , ( R ) West Jordan : " If you 're in a chess club , you 're going to be talking about chess .
If you 're in a dance club you 're going to be talking about dance .
If you 're in a gay club you 're going to be talking about human sexuality , and that 's illegal , in fact it 's criminal . "
But Gay - Straight Alliance supporters say the East High School case settled the federal equal access issue , which trumps state law .
Aside from that , there may be other issues with changing state law .
Today , at his monthly news conference , Governor Huntsman said he sees a ' local control ' issue on this topic .
Gov , Huntsman : " I do believe this is an issue that should be dealt with on the localest of levels .
Parents dealing with kids , parents dealing with school boards . "
The bottom line is , Senator Buttars is n't sure exactly what he wants his bill to be , but he thinks a ban on the clubs is appropriate .
Likewise , the Utah ACLU is also on the move , prepared to challenge any such legislation in court .
Citing the Constitution , leaders of the parliamentary opposition to Mr. Karzai said they would stop recognizing his authority after May 22 .
They called on the United Nations and Western governments to help them appoint a temporary president after Mr. Karzai ’s term formally expires .
Image President Hamid Karzai , shown in a Kabul shop , has announced that he will seek re-election this year .
Credit ... Lynsey Addario for The New York Times
“ After May 22 , Karzai ’s continuation will not be legitimate for either us or the Afghan people , ” said Aqa Fazil Sancharki , a spokesman for the United Front , whose members control about a third of the 241 seats in the lower house of Parliament .
A spokesman for Mr. Karzai said he would respect the commission ’s decision to delay the vote .
Mr. Karzai , who was elected to a five - year term in 2004 , has led the country since the ouster of the Taliban in November 2001 .
He has declared his intention to seek re-election , and while a number of prominent Afghans have said they may also run , only three lesser - known candidates have declared so far .
The election this year will come at an especially difficult time , with the Taliban insurgency challenging the government ’s writ in many areas .
A United Nations spokesman said the organization had resigned itself to the delay , given that there did not appear to be enough time to have everything in place by late May .
“ At this point , it has become a pragmatic necessity , ” said Adrian Edwards , a United Nations spokesman in Kabul .
- Albert Einstein
Most U.S. Government spending on nuclear weapons - related programs is unclassified .
But it is functionally secret since such spending is widely dispersed across many programs in several agencies and it is not formally tracked or reported .
A new study prepared for the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace estimated that the cost of U.S. nuclear weapons and weapons - related programs exceeded $ 52 billion last year .
“ That ’s a floor , not a ceiling , ” said Stephen I. Schwartz , who led the study with Deepti Choubey .
The estimate does not include the costs of classified nuclear weapons programs or nuclear - related intelligence programs , among other limiting factors .
The $ 52 billion figure far exceeds the total annual budget for international diplomacy and foreign assistance ( $ 39.5 billion ) and comprises roughly 10 % of all national defense spending .
Because nuclear weapons costs are not officially tracked , it has been difficult or impossible to perform “ cost - benefit ” analyses of nuclear policies or to debate priorities among competing nuclear weapons programs .
Yet such priorities naturally emerge , undebated .
Thus , the majority of nuclear weapons spending ( 55.5 % ) is allocated towards upgrading , operating and sustaining the U.S. nuclear arsenal .
A much smaller fraction ( 10 % ) is devoted to controlling the spread of nuclear weapons and technology , the study found .
“ The disparity suggests that preserving and enhancing nuclear forces is far more important than preventing nuclear proliferation , ” said Mr. Schwartz .
The authors urge that a formal accounting of nuclear weapons spending be conducted by the government and reported to Congress and the public in order to provide greater clarity .
And they recommend that an increased fraction of nuclear security spending be directed towards preventing nuclear proliferation .
- Secrecy News , ( " U.S. Spending on Nuclear Weapons Exceeds $ 52 Billion , " The full report and the underlying data are available from the Carnegie Endowment .
See “ Nuclear Security Spending : Assessing Costs , Examining Priorities , ” by Stephen I. Schwartz with Deepti Choubey , January 2009 .
Image : - Boris Artzybasheff , " The Missile " , Time Magazine , Life Collection , 1.30.1956 ) .
Irish authorities are monitoring a huge oil spill – the largest in the waters around Ireland in a decade – that is drifting toward the Irish coast .
The Irish Marine Department said the oil slick was discovered close to where a Russian aircraft carrier was refuelling in the Celtic Sea between western Britain and southern Ireland .
The department said yesterday it was too early to predict how much of the spill , thought to be about 500 tonnes ( 3,750 barrels ) , will come ashore .
The oil slick is about three miles ( 4.8 km ) long and three miles wide .
Molly Walsh , a spokeswoman for the environmental group Friends of the Earth , said the spill could seriously damage marine life .
Irish authorities learned about the spill on Saturday through surveillance carried out by the European Maritime Safety Agency in Lisbon , Portugal .
Irish military aircraft flew over the area and saw the Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov , a Russian oil tanker and a Russian oceangoing tug near the slick .
Russia 's chief of general staff , General Nikolai Marakov , confirmed that a Russian aircraft carrier had refuelled in the area but denied there had been any problems .
" We have no reason to think that anything went wrong during refuelling , " he told reporters .
OILSPILL1_1902.gif
Ireland 's Department of Transport said it expects the slick to reach the southern coast of Ireland in about 16 days .
Some of the oil is expected to evaporate and most of the rest will likely develop into tar balls – small , sticky patches of oil that often wash ashore .
The Press Association said a Russian destroyer , a British destroyer , an Irish naval vessel and a Russian aircraft carrier are at the site of the spill off the west coast of Ireland .
An Irish vessel set off Tuesday evening to assess whether the oil can be mechanically cleaned up at sea , to limit the damage to coastline .
The Irish government has asked the Russian embassy in Dublin to hand over samples of the oils carried on board the Russian vehicles .
Earlier in the day , a Russian Navy spokesman said there had been no problems with the Russian ships .
" There have been no accidents on Russian ships linked to broken pipes or burst fuel tanks , nor has there been any deliberate dumping of fuel into the sea , " Captain Igor Dygalo said in a statement carried by Russian news wires .
John Lucey , a biologist with Ireland 's Environmental Protection Agency , said it was the biggest oil spill in the waters around Ireland in the past 10 years .
In 1999 , the oil tanker Sea Empress ran aground in south - west Wales , spilling 72,000 tonnes of oil .
Thailand 's laws protect King Bhumibol from criticism
The latest edition of UK - based current affairs magazine the Economist has been banned in Thailand , amid local anger over its coverage of the royal family .
The Economist 's Thai distributor held back Friday 's issue - which contains an article about an Australian writer who was jailed for slandering the monarchy .
Last month another edition was banned because of an article questioning the Thai king 's role in public life .
Thailand 's laws against lese - majeste are among the strictest in the world .
The Economist sent an e-mail to its Asia subscribers stating : " This week our distributors in Thailand have decided not to deliver the Economist in light of our coverage relating to the Thai monarchy . "
The edition contains an article about Australian writer Harry Nicolaides , who was sentenced to three years in a Thai jail for insulting the monarchy .
Nicolaides wrote a novel four years ago , which contained a brief passage referring to an unnamed crown prince .
It sold just seven copies .
He admitted the charge of insulting the royal family , but said he was unaware he was committing an offence .
Official crackdown
Nicolaides is just one of a growing number of people being investigated and charged under Thailand 's lese - majeste law , as the police and army try to suppress what they fear is a rising tide of anti-monarchy sentiment .
And the newly - installed Democrat Party government has said that protecting the royal family is a top priority .
More than 3,000 websites have now been blocked , and one political activist was jailed for six years in November for an anti-monarchy speech she made just a stone 's throw from the old royal palace last July .
Several other people are now awaiting trial .
The Economist itself has fallen foul of the lese - majeste law in the past .
In 2002 an edition of the magazine containing a survey about Thailand was also banned .
It ’s always been my goal that the stories shared here on The Daily WTF provide a “ certain ” kind of inspiration .
Perhaps the kind of inspiration leads towards better code instead of the disasters featured here .
Or maybe the inspiration to gently nudge that “ certain ” programmer into a career of , say , accounting .
Or even just pure inspiration which reminds us that , while sometimes boring , our jobs are n’t completely meaningless .
That said , it ’s been a bit surprising to see that one particular article – ITAPPMONROBOT – has provided the inspiration for other IT professionals to build to their own " robot " .
Not once ( see : Open Sesame ) , but now twice .
Felix explains ...
At my office , we have a proprietary wireless network link that is responsible for bridging our network and a bunch of specialized equipment .
Essentially , this link consists of a regular computer with a ridiculously overpriced PCI card and ridiculously bad drivers .
Every couple of days ( or sometimes multiple times a day ) , the wireless card goes haywire and , according to the vendor , we “ just have to cycle the computer ’s power ” to fix it .
A known feature , I guess .
For months , we had talked about getting a remote - enabled power switch and writing a script to cycle the power when we lost the link .
But with budgeting and time being limited , we just stuck to the tried - and - true “ manual reset button ” technique .
That is , until I saw ITAPPMONROBOT .
I had an idea for something a little more complex and , in my opinion , a little more elegant .
So , I opened up the link server ’s case and spliced in some spare wire to the case ’s reset button wires .
Then , I found an old desktop machine , plugged it in on the shelf below , and used a bit of the handyman 's secret weapon to affix the wires to the CD drive .
As you ’ll see in the close - up , the wires are placed such that the leads will gently touch when the drive opens .
Amazingly , this eject / reset system has worked flawlessly for the past nine month .
I ’m sure , by now , we could have pushed to get that remote - enabled power switch .
But none of us really want it .
It ’s hard to explain , but there ’s just an odd comfort in getting that “ ping loss ” email and eagerly waiting for our little robot to reset the link and then send us that “ ping normal ” email a couple minutes later .
The unveiling of the sculpture took place on Thursday
Enlarge Image
A sculpture of an enormous bronze - coloured shoe has been erected in Iraq to honour the journalist who threw his shoes at ex-US President George W Bush .
The sofa - sized artwork was formally unveiled in Tikrit , hometown of late Iraqi ruler Saddam Hussein .
Artist Laith al - Amari insisted it was not a political work , but a " source of pride for all Iraqis " .
Mr Bush managed to dodge the shoes but the man who threw them , Muntadar al - Zaidi , was arrested and awaits trial .
As he pulled off his shoes , Mr Zaidi , now 30 , shouted : " This is from the widows , the orphans , and those who were killed in Iraq . "
He also told Mr Bush , who launched the invasion of Iraq in 2003 and was paying a final visit to Iraq last month : " This is a farewell kiss , you dog " .
Significant bush ?
Mr Zaidi shot to fame as a result of his actions , which signalled extreme contempt in the Arab world , and inspired rallies across the Middle East and beyond .
About 400 people gathered on Thursday to see the monument unveiled - a shoe on a white pedestal , about 3 m ( 10 ft ) high , with a poem praising Mr Zaidi at its base , AFP said .
There is also a bush sticking out of the shoe .
The sculpture stands in the gardens of an Iraqi foundation that looks after children whose parents died in the violence following the US - led invasion .
The foundation 's president , Shaha al - Juburi , said the sculpture was not backed by any political party or organisation .
Since his arrest , Mr Zaidi , a TV journalist , has reportedly been beaten in custody , suffering a broken arm , broken ribs and internal bleeding .
He has been charged with aggression against a foreign head of state , and faces up to 15 years in jail if convicted .
His family denies he has done anything wrong .
He appeals to a broad swath of constituents  rural , Latino , politically centrist  and has served as both friend and foe to the governor , a fellow Republican , and as the sole person Democrats have found they can turn to when they need one Republican vote on policy and budget issues .
Budget bills in California require two - thirds ’ approval .
Mr. Maldonado , who like his Republican colleagues loathed the idea of tax increases , leveraged that power this week to extract what he wanted : the open primary bill , legislation that would bar lawmakers from getting raises while the budget runs a deficit and elimination of a gasoline tax the governor and Democrats had called a fait accompli .
In an interview earlier this week , an exhausted Mr. Maldonado , who is among the more dapper of Sacramento ’s lawmakers , said that changes in how people are elected would result in better budgets .
Senator Elaine K. Alquist , of San Jose , said : “ He ’s had a record of being able to diverge from his party and be more of an independent thinker .
He has a great political future .
I ’m saying this as a Democrat . ”
Mr. Maldonado , the son of a field worker , grew strawberries before entering politics and now farms broccoli and cauliflower .
In his 20s he served on the City Council of Santa Maria and then as mayor before being elected to the State Assembly in 1998 .
When term limits ended his Assembly membership in 2004 , he successfully ran for the Senate .
The weekly inventory numbers are out .
Inventories are again higher .
Here are the numbers :
DOE : Actuals
Crude oil : Up 1.1 million barrels
Motor gas : Up 2.1 million barrels
Distillates : Up 6.3 million barrels
Complex : Up 9.6 million barrels
API : Actuals
Crude oil : Up 0.7 million barrels
Motor gas : Up 3.6 million barrels
Distillates : Up 0.4 million barrels
Complex : Up 4.7 million barrels
Here is what was expected :
Crude oil : Up 2.5 million barrels
Motor gas : Up 1.9 million barrels
Distillates : Up 1.1 million barrels
Complex : Up 5.5 million barrels
A big build in DOE distillates - heating oil , firm of late due to cold weather and Russian / Ukraine situation is down 8 cents
Distillate inventory - graph from Johnson Rice
And for those interested in monitoring demand , the following table summarizes the year - over - year change in implied gasoline demand based on trailing four week averages .
12/19/2008 1/2/2009 1/2/2009 1/9/2009
DOE - 2.7 % - 2.2 % - 2.2 % - 2.1 %
MasterCard Survey - 2.1 % - 3.0 % - 4.0 % - 3.6 %
An analysis by research firm Johnson Rice :
We view the DOE report as bearish , based on the large build in
distillate stocks .
Healthy distillate margins have been supportive of
refiner crude demand ; any weakening of these spreads due to rising stocks
( distillate stocks are now at a 5 - yr high for this time of year ) could
exert more pressure on the complex .
After two weeks of warmer than normal
temps , cold weather and the increase it should spur in heating oil demand
has arrived in timely fashion .
Distillate stocks increased by 6.3 million barrels to 144 million barrels ,
14 million barrels above yearago levels and 10 million barrels above the
five - year average .
Not surprisingly the rise in distillate stocks is
underpinned by rising ULSD / low sulfur diesel stocks , reflecting economic
weakness .
On the other hand , hi-sulfur heating oil stocks have trended
sideways over the past few weeks , in line with normal seasonal patterns .
This week s build also reflects reduced export volumes ; four week trailing
average implied demand is down a reported 2.4 % y-y .
Crude stocks rose by 1.1 million barrels ; imports of crude averaged 9.7
mmbpd .
Stocks at Cushing continued to creep higher reaching 33.0 million ,
vs. 32.8 million the prior week .
Crude stocks of 327 million barrels are 29
million barrels above the 5 - yr average .
Gasoline stocks rose by a seasonally normal 2.1 million barrels as refiner
yield remains tilted towards distillate .
Imports were relatively low , at
797,000 bpd .
Discretionary ethanol blending has declined , which also
introduces slightly more tightness into the gasoline pool .
At the present ,
gasoline inventories of 214 million barrels are in line with the 5 - yr
average , and gasoline cracks have improved from the below - breakeven levels
seen throughout most of Q4 .
While cracks have improved , implied demand
remains soft ; 4 wk trailing average implied demand is down 2.1 % y-y .
The battle between depletion and demand is currently being won ( lost ? ) by demand .
But for how long ?
Discuss .
Victoria is braced for a day of mourning , with the death toll from the state 's rampant bushfires expected to pass 40 .
Fourteen deaths have been confirmed so far .
Six people have been killed at Kinglake , four at Wandong , three at Strathewen and one at Clonbinane .
The number of houses destroyed is also expected to climb , with at least 100 already confirmed , and steady reports of destruction continuing to filter in .
Destroyed homes include 50 in Bendigo and 30 at Wandong , north of Melbourne .
ABC Local Radio caller Georgina , whose husband is battling to salvage the town of Strathewen with CFA volunteers , says the town has been devastated by the devastating fires .
She fears many of the town 's residents may have lost their lives .
" It 's just absolute devastation and people have seen things today that have been absolutely horrific , " she said .
" There 's a lot of families in Strathewen that we have n't been able to account for .
" The school 's gone , the hall 's gone ... some people left it too late .
We 've lost friends , and we 're just waiting for more - children , loved ones . "
She says the town is largely inaccessible as fallen logs and debris block the main roads , but has urged trapped residents to remain optimistic .
" They 're just so cut off out there and we just wait for daylight now and hope that there 's nothing out there left to burn , " she said .
" They 're calling out to houses and they can't hear people answering .
Hang in there anybody that 's listening and still cut off because they 're coming . "
Georgina says her family miraculously escaped alive after losing their homes .
" My house is gone and most of my family and friends ' houses are gone .
I have my uncle and cousins and people bunkered up in my mother 's house , which is one of the only surviving ones , " she said .
" They 've got no mobile reception , they 've got no power , no water .
The tanks have melted , they were in dams , they were hiding behind concrete tanks and it's amazing we did n't lose any family members . "
" I 'm very grateful that we 're still here and we 're OK ... we evacuated early . "
Senior Constable Wayne Wilson has urged people to be patient and avoid speculation , as clarification on a final death toll will take time .
" We have the official toll at 14 , obviously under the conditions we expect it to go higher , [ but ] we 've got to go through these places in the daylight , where we can search them properly , " he said .
" These sort of situations it does take time for clarification to come through ... particularly when you are dealing with death .
" We do it as quickly as we can but we 've got to do it in a methodical and accurate way . "
One building left
The Country Fire Authority says there is " possibly one building left standing " in Marysville , as relentless bushfires engulfed the town north of Melbourne .
Greg Esnouf , the CFA 's deputy chief fire officer , told ABC Local Radio that Marysville had been all but destroyed by the blazes .
" We 're starting to get some reports in now that are very saddening , " he told ABC Local 774 in Melbourne .
" This latest report says Marysville possibly one building left standing - that 's just shocking .
" Anyone who knows Marysville , it 's a beautiful town and that 's really sad .
" It 's very disturbing for the township itself . "
The CFA later issued a statement saying Marysvalle residents were safe and had assembled at the local Gallipoli Park .
Earlier , Kinglake resident Peter Mitchell told ABC Local Radio that buildings all around him were on fire as he sheltered at the fire station .
" [ There is ] flame everywhere , trees exploding , gas tanks exploding , buildings on fire , it 's very , very , very serious .
" I can't quite see down into the main stretch of town , but there 's a lot of flame coming up from there , so I presume most of the town is going up .
Mr Mitchell said he feared for the safety of other Kinglake residents .
" We 'll be fine , there 'll be others trapped , poor souls I do n't know , " he added .
Deadly conditions
The cool change which promised to bring relief to struggling crews instead brought changing winds , turning fires from extremely dangerous to deadly .
The deterioration in conditions forced many crews to abandon fighting fire fronts and focus on protecting properties .
Mr Esnouf says the weather will offer only minor relief from the harsh conditions .
" There 's been some reports of a bit of rain here , and a bit of rain there and that will certainly help overnight and into tomorrow but it wo n't put the fires out , " he said .
Firefighters are continuing to work on 10 major fire fronts across the state .
The CFA has warned a fire burning near Beechworth in Victoria 's north is pushing east , with spot fires appearing up to 6 kilometres ahead of the main front .
The Victorian Government has activated the emergency grants system , with financial assistance available for people damaged or destroyed property .
For information on the Victorian fires call the Country Fire Authority 's information line on 1800 240 667 .
Concerned Australians are being urged to show restraint in using the emergency services websites , with several struggling to cope with the increased traffic .
However a CFA spokesman said those concerned about the wellbeing of loved ones should not hesitate to use the sites .
I ’m amused by all the attention lavished on PMSbuddy , a free online service for men to keep track of their [ wife ’s , girlfriend ’s , mother ’s , sister ’s , daughter ’s ] menstrual cycles .
Advertised as a way of giving guys a “ heads - up ” at “ that time of month , ” the site tracks a woman ’s cycle and predicts when she might be her “ most irritable … when things can get intense for what may seem to be no reason at all . ”
A few reactions :
1 . From a reproductive standpoint , it ’s actually in a gal ’s best interest to keep her partner in the dark about her fertility cycles .
As described in BLONDES , there are reasons why women evolved to have concealed ovulation .
If your partner knows when you ’re fertile , he knows when to guard you .
( Of course , we inadvertently advertise our fertility anyway , albeit subtly . )
And if he knows when you ’re not fertile , he might go out and sleep with someone who is .
Evolutionarily speaking , of course .
2. Women ’s tolerance for the PMSbuddy proves that we live in a post - feminist era .
Many women are genuinely OK with the concept .
Yes , our moods fluctuate with our hormones — so what ?
However , judging from reactions online , some women are shouting sexism — and I wonder if there is a generational difference .
These women are offended by the idea that their moods are predicted by hormones , at least to the degree that anyone else would notice .
It suggests we have less control over our bodies and behavior than we ’d like .
Worse , some think PMSbuddy ’s premise is that women are unstable and irrational in ways that men are not .
3 . But the latter just is n’t true — that is , men are also hormonally volatile — and acknowledging this makes all the difference .
As I discuss in the book , men ’s testosterone levels rise and fall dramatically depending on their situation or context .
Sometimes men have their own predictable cycles .
Want proof ?
Take SuperBowl Sunday .
Is your man a Steelers or Cardinals fan ?
How his team fares may predict whether his testosterone rises or plummets , which in turn could affect his mood for the next day or two .
Perhaps it ’s time for TBuddy : a service to predict your man ’s testosterone - based mood swings at “ that time of season , ” based on the game schedule and sports forecasting services .
( A daily TBuddy may predict mood by taking into account the Dow and NASDAQ market predictions . )
She ’s not tagged as Bollywood ’s fashion icon just like that !
Sonam Kapoor has swept away many National and International style awards and ensured herself the title of a ‘ style diva ’ of Bollywood .
While girls love her girly and vivacious style statement , guys adore her for her beauty and confidence .
Her film choices might have bombed at the BO , but her fashion choices are always top - notch and much - loved !
So , sit back and let ’s take a tour of 26 - year - old , Sonam Kapoor ’s most celebrated fashion moments …
Sonam rocks Cannes 2011
After Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , if there is one B - town beauty who has managed to turn heads at the celebrated Cannes Film Festival , then it has to be none other than Sonam Kapoor .
In 2011 , Sonam chose a delicate couture gown designed by her all - time - favorite designer Jean Paul Gaultier .
The elegant and edgy gown in white and black exude the right amount of style and attitude to make her stun all the way !
Sonam at Kingfisher Model Hunt
From make - up and jewellery to her super hot attire – everything was perfect to the T , when Sonam Kapoor attended the Kingfisher ’s Model Hunt .
The leggy lass chose a black body - hugging Zara dress teamed with a statement necklace by her mom , Sunita Kapoor .
With a thigh high slit and no other hint of skin – Sonam looked like a dream !
Sonam at Chopard Event
A celebrated name in Indian and International fashion circuit , Sonam attended the Chopard event dressed in a white flowy and flared maxi by ‘ The Row . ’
Designed by Ashley Olsen , the maxi flattered Sonam ’s body beautifully when she paired it with aqua earrings and matching bracelet .
Sonam at IIFA
Sonam revives the roman era !
The lady looked like a Goddess , when she made an appearance in a roman wrap dress in beige and gold .
She completed the look with a couple of bedazzling neck - piece and roman footwear .
Sonam ’s first ever saree act at Indian Idol
Gowns are not the only form of attire that our Masakali loves .
Sonam ’s heart beats for well draped sarees too and must say the lady carries them off really well !
One such moment was when she wore a saree on the musical reality TV show ‘ Indian Idol ’ during the promotion of her film ‘ I Hate Luv Storys . ’
Sonam teamed the gold and aqua saree with a dual shade blouse , which looked simply amazing .
Sonam Kapoor at Roberto Cavalli Event
Dressed in a shimmery beige creation by designer Roberto Cavalli , Sonam looked sensuous and sexy at the Roberto Cavalli event .
To accentuate the otherwise monotone gown and sprinkle some drama , Sonam carried a Roger Vivier clutch .
Sonam at Chanel Paris - Mumbai Show
The girl for sure knows how to stun !
At the Chanel event , the girl chose this quirky and cute short number from Chanel .
And wow !
She looked so different and beautiful , when she teamed her romantic dress with her ever favorite jewellery designed by her mommy dearest .
Sonam at ‘ Aisha ’s Music Launch
Sonam ’s short dresses are quite a head - turner .
The actress chose a easy - breezy pink dress for the music launch of her film ‘ Aisha . ’
The polka - dotted off - shouldered dress from designer Vivienne Westwood was a perfect compliment to Sonam ’s shoulders .
And that clutch completed the look .
Sonam loves her high - waist pants !
High - waist pants and trousers make yet another popular style statement by Sonam Kapoor .
She ’s often spotted sashaying in her fav pants teamed with fitted and frilly tops .
What more ?
She has an amazing collection of bags too , which she flaunts every now and them
Sonam rocks at IIFA
While pastel shades and monochromes are Sonam ’s pet , multi-colours and prints also score high on Sonam ’s perfect style list .
One such occassion was IIFA , when the diva chose to pay a tribute to her favorite maverick style guru Manish Arora in a bedazzling multi-colored outfit by the designer .
Not only the dress looked gorgeous but flattered Sonam ’s tall frame too !
Reader jessettrs sends in this ridiculous image taken at a Starbucks on 42nd and 9th .
Yeah , it 's a guy with a Mac Mini and a 15 - inch LCD .
Advertisement
Our tipster also says that there 's a T - Mobile G1 hanging off that contraption for some reason , and the guy looks like a homeless dude .
Anyone who needs to bring the entire contents of their home office into a coffee shop is as good as , we say .
Send your image of the day suggestions to tips@gizmodo.com
There 's something astonishing when a director and an actor just click .
Who knows what makes it happen ?
Maybe it 's the project .
Maybe it 's the personalities .
Every year , we see a director and an actor team up to bring a memorable character to life and we love it .
Vanity Fair published 10 fantastic photographs from Annie Leibovitz in a set called " Something Just Clicked " featuring 10 movie marriage from 2008 that gave birth to the year 's highest acclaimed films .
The one above is , of course , is a great snap of director Danny Boyle and actor Dev Patel for Slumdog Millionaire .
The rest follows .
I sighed sadly that one of those partnerships will never happen again .
Then I laughed at Clint all by his lonesome .
Head over to Vanity Fair to see behind - the - scenes video from the shoots .
By Sterling “ Chip ” Camden
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
Popular review site
Yelp is a great place to get that anger off your chest about how you were treated by a crappy , overpriced restaurant or any other vendor / service provider , but a lawsuit filed last February may chill out some of those heated reviews in the future .
Christopher Norberg of San Francisco is being sued for defamation regarding a negative review he posted on Yelp about a Dr. Biegel of the Advanced Chiropractic Center in that same lovely City by the Bay .
I obtained a copy of that review from Christopher ’s lawyer , Michael Blacksburg — but I wo n’t repost it here to avoid creating any legal troubles of our own .
To summarize , Christopher related a dispute over billing after being treated for injuries resulting from his being hit by a car .
He says that he expected a bill for $ 125 , but received one for over $ 500 — apparently due to delays in payment caused by Mr. Norberg not having health insurance and having to sue the driver of the car to get reimbursed .
Eventually , the doctor accepted $ 125 , but the experience left such a ( figurative ) pain in Christopher ’s backside that he decided to vent about it on Yelp .
That review was included as Exhibit A in the original filing of the defamation suit against Christopher .
Since that time , Christopher removed his review and replaced it with a more carefully worded version .
Now I ’m no lawyer , but I believe that in order to obtain damages , Dr. Biegel ’s lawyer ( Eric L. Nordskog ) will have to prove that the original review includes knowingly incorrect statements of fact that are defamatory .
For instance , if the phone calls Christopher mentioned in the review never happened , or the conversations were materially different than represented .
According to the original filing ( also obtained from Christopher ’s lawyer ) , Dr. Biegel claims that all but a few phrases of the review is false .
You might argue that any posting on Yelp or similar sites should be taken as opinion by definition .
But just as in any other publicly available medium , if you include facts they ’d better be solid .
Should the court decide in favor of the plaintiff , this could have wide implications for not only sites like Yelp , but also for posts and comments on blogs and other forums ( I know I ’m going to revisit my old reviews to look for ostensible facts that might be shaky ) .
The case is scheduled to go before the San Francisco Superior Court on March 2 , 2009 .
In the long run , I think that the negative publicity from this suit may do far more damage to Dr. Biegel ’s business than Christopher ’s original one - star review .
Personally , I would n’t want to have that doctor ’s hands around my neck — but that ’s just my opinion .
CNN : Did secret US unit execute suspected insurgent in cold blood ?
David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday December 29 , 2008
Print This Email This
The US Army is investigating allegations that it executed a suspected al Qaeda member in cold blood during a special forces raid outside Baghdad two weeks ago .
The military initially issued a statement saying the killing was provoked when the victim " initially complied with Coalition Forces instructions but then returned inside the house .
When he returned outside , he attempted to engage the forces with an AK - 47 . "
However , the dead man 's brothers told CNN correspondent Michael Ware that Haddan was unarmed when he was shot .
" Both the American and Iraqi accounts agree , " Ware explained .
" All of the brothers including Haddan came out , surrendering to the Americans .
Both sides say Haddan then went back into the house -- and this is where the stories diverge . "
According to what the Iraqis told Ware , " all the brothers were stripped to their underwear and forced to lay on the ground .
...
When Haddan did return inside , they say , it was the Americans who had ordered him to do so . "
The brothers insist that Haddan was killed inside the house and offer cellphone video taken by relatives , which shows bloodstains and bloody handprints in a bedroom , as evidence for their version of the story .
The brothers ' account is very similar to an incident described by the Washington Post in 2006 , where Marines said they had killed an Iraqi terrorist in a gun battle , after discovering him attempting to plant a bomb , and had then found an AK - 47 and a shovel by his side .
" According to accounts given by Hashim 's neighbors and members of his family , and apparently supported by photographs , " reported the Post , " the Marines went to Hashim 's home , took the 52 - year - old disabled Iraqi outside and shot him four times in the face .
The assault rifle and shovel next to his body had been planted by the Marines , who had borrowed them from a villager . "
In this latest incident , the cellphone video also shows that one of Haddan 's fingers had been severed .
The military has " declined to explain " this , but Ware speculates it might have been done " for further identification and inclusion of his fingerprint and DNA in a US database . "
However , the family sees it as an act of intimidation .
A tribal leader helped Haddan 's family meet with US officials in the Green Zone to present their case .
Now the military itself is propelling the investigation , hoping to find out what really happened .
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast Dec. 28 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Because Bill
Nye is too awesome to not have a page espousing his greatness .
Please note that these are NOT simply rehashed Chuck Norris / Vin Diesel / George Washington / Bill Brasky / whoever jokes .
They 're not even jokes at all , they 're facts .
Get it right !
Abilities
Bill Nye can split atoms with his bare hands .
Bill Nye 's sperm count is measured in moles / milliliter .
Bill Nye knows the momentum of an electron ... AND where it is .
Bill Nye decides if Schroedinger 's cat is alive or dead .
Bill
Nye carries the fountain of youth around in a klein bottle in his back pocket .
Bill Nye knows more than Laplace 's Demon .
Bill
Nye does his taxes in his head , and he 's a millionaire ... draw your own conclusion .
Bill
Nye is the only person who is allowed in the lab area without goggles .
Bill
Nye can decrease his own entropy without doing work .
Bill
Nye is more efficient than a reversible process .
When Bill Nye sneezes , his mucus of science is comprised of a thick layer of primordial soup -- the basis of life .
By Jonathan Enojo
Bill
Nye is so smart that he ties his own bow tie ... With his mind !
By Jared Skala
Also , he invented lightsabers .
By Jared Skala
Bill Nye can rhyme seven words with orange .
By Jeff Baustian
All uniform rectilinear motion is relative .
To Bill Nye. By Daniel Dandurand
Bill Nye 's absorption spectrum falls on every wavelength .
By Jack Conway
Bill Nye 's probability wave exists evenly throughout the universe .
He collapses the wave where and when HE choses to .
By Chris Fitz
Bill
Nye not only knows all of the possible elements on the periodic table , but he can create any one at will .
He 's got a brick of 114 in his pocket right now .
By Chris Fitz
Bill Nye can make a quadruple carbon - carbon bond .
By Kendra Driscoll
Scientific Achievements
Bill Nye told Pluto that it was no longer a planet ... and it listened .
Bill Nye destroyed the Berlin Wall with common household chemicals .
Gravity : Bill Nye 's idea .
Bill
Nye challenged a photon to a race in a vacuum and won .
Bill Nye was the first person to orbit the earth ... in only a lab coat and safety goggles .
While filming a Science Guy episode on particle physics , Bill Nye met his antimatter self .
It was a battle of wits , since Bill and Anti-Bill could n't touch each other without annihilating themselves and most of the West Coast .
Bill finally won by proving that the Universe itself is a figment of his imagination , and therefore he can do whatever he wants to it .
Anti-Bill promptly vanished in a puff of logic .
Bill Nye invented inventing .
By Brian Patrick Allman
Social Life
Bill Nye tutors Stephen Hawking .
Santa Claus will soon begin contracting all gift giving to Bill Nye .
Good children will receive gyroscopes , and bad children will have the thermite reaction initiated on their face .
Superman once told Bill Nye that he was completely indestructible , this led to Bill creating what he likes to call kryptonite .
By Jeff Baustian
Bill Nye blinded Thomas Dolby with science .
Inspired by Michael Jones
Bill Nye was Galileo 's personal tutor .
The culminating assignment was to give a presentation on gravitational attraction to the Spanish Inquisition .
Bill flunked him .
Galileo was so beat up over it that when the Inquisition offered him poison , he took it .
By Carling Noelle
Recently , Bill Nye had a dinner for all the Nobel Prize winners in the science fields for the past three years .
While being given a tour of the house , they came upon Bill 's teddy bear sitting squarely and proudly in the middle of the bed .
They all started sniggering .
One of them , trying to control himself , went up to Bill and said , " That 's one flashy teddy bear you 've got there " before bursting into laughter .
Bill
Nye nodded really solemnly and said , " That 's right , it 's a teddy bear .
It 's the Teddy Bear of Science . "
Then everybody got really quiet and ashamed because they 'd insulted the Teddy Bear of Science .
By Carling Noelle
Stephen Hawking once thought he could outsmart Bill Nye .
We all know what happened when he tried .
By Noah T
Relationship with Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris has a problem , he asks Bill Nye . By Scott Fridlund
Chuck Norris 's tears may cure cancer , but Bill Nye 's tears impregnate women .
By James Whitton
Bill
Nye can react noble gases with anything he wants , just yesterday he reacted neon with Chuck Norris .
By Nolan Dokis
Mathematics
Bill Nye counted to infinity 3 times , and still had not reached his IQ .
By Michael Bertasso Jr
Avogadro's Number is actually a misnomer since Bill Nye discovered it when asked to provide a PIN for his checking account .
By Galen Azbell
Some people can recite the first few thousand digits of pi.
Bill Nye can recite the last thousand digits of pi. Jason Biatek
Machines Of Science
While the general public knows him as Chuck Norris , Bill Nye knows him as the Roundhouse Kicking Machine of Science .
Bill Nye derived the Theory of Everything at age 5 , deemed the world unworthy of its mighty and far - reaching applications , and destroyed all his work using the Theory of Everything Paper Shredder of Science .
By Erik Nelson
Other Facts
Bill
Nye makes his ice cream using milk , cream , sugar , and cold fusion .
By Justin Meyers
The reason light is so fast is because it 's running away from Bill Nye .
By Josh Bishay
The anime Full Metal Alchemist was actually a true story involving Bill Nye. By Overlord Sandell Stangl
Bill
Nye drinks water with ice cubes that read at below 0 Kelvin .
By Matt LaMontagne
It 's Bill Nyes all the way down .
By David Saharkhiz
Bill
Nye designed system more stable then Unix , more elegant than OSX , and more user friendly than Windows .
He makes a small fortune each year from those companies for not releasing it .
By Kevin Kuchta
Bill Nye does n't come to equilibrium .
Equilibrium comes to Bill Nye. By Spencer Bowley
There is no chaos theory .
Only Bill Nye 's desire for change .
By Sir Joseph Levine Esquire
Bill Nye is more efficient than a Carnot engine .
By Victoria Konicek
Bill
Nye declined being cast as Q , due to the simple fact that the character was n't original enough .
By Ian , Jason , and Brenden
In this age of transparency , I am livid to say the least when TMZ just reported , “ Northern Trust , a Chicago - based bank ” which received $ 1.6 billion in bailout spent it selfishly .
The most egregious act by this bank is that they laid off 450 workers .
How did they spend this money you may be asking ?
“ Northern Trust flew hundreds of clients and employees to L.A. and put many of them up at some of the fanciest and priciest hotels in the city .
We 're told more than a hundred people were put up at the Beverly Wilshire in Bev Hills , and another hundred stayed at the Loews Santa Monica Beach Hotel .
Still more stayed at the Ritz Carlton in Marina Del Rey and others at Casa Del Mar in Santa Monica . ”
As a citizen and taxpayer of this country , I demand that they return this money pronto , henceforth and any other term one can use .
This is exactly the type of greed which has caused an economic meltdown where we may no longer cease to exist as a country , yet , this bank clearly does not see it .
What do they think this is the eighties of trickle down economics and an unbridled orgy using tax payer ’s money ?
As people are trying to make it day - by - day where some may not eat tonight , oh just read this part where this bank using our tax money wrote a check which covered the cost of a , " $ 6.3 million purse , the advertising costs for the spots on CBS ( which broadcast the final two rounds of the tournament ) and operating costs .
The rep says the fee was negotiated and is confidential . "
No such transaction which includes our tax dollars should be confidential when all we scream for is transparency .
What I find appalling is this item , " The United States Government flat out gave Northern Trust the $ 1.6 billion in bailout money , and the bank did n't even request it ! "
To President Barack Obama , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Speaker Nancy Pelosi , we want our money back .
Please name for we the people who wrote this check .
We would really love to know .
Who signed off on it ?
That person or persons must answer to all of us .
It is highly imperative that as each check goes out that is contained within any bailout , those who receive them are named .
How they use these funds backed by our hard earned tax money should also be required to show exactly how these funds are being used .
If this criteria can not be met , then no bailout money should be given .
Author ’s email address is , xmjmac@optonline.net
President Obama moved Wednesday to rein in the pay of executives whose companies get taxpayer bailout money -- putting a $ 500,000 cap on annual compensation , limiting “ golden parachutes ” to departing bigwigs and requiring corporate boards to adopt policies on luxury expenditures such as lavish entertainment and parties .
Corporate watchdogs applauded the intent of the new measures , but compensation experts cautioned that abundant loopholes -- and crafty lawyers -- could undermine any lasting effect .
“ You ’re pitting a group of government bureaucrats against compensation consultants and lawyers who are paid lots of money , and they ’re pretty damn smart , ” said Graef Crystal , a former executive compensation consultant who has written six books on the subject .
“ It ’s a lot easier to find ways around things like this than it is to invent them in the first place . ”
Under the new rules , companies that receive “ exceptional financial recovery assistance ” -- large bailouts like those given to Citigroup Inc. and American International Group Inc. -- would not be allowed to pay senior executives more than $ 500,000 in total annual compensation .
Advertisement
Obama ’s action was triggered by disclosures that Wall Street firms paid out almost $ 20 billion in bonuses last year , even as they were seeking or taking public money intended to spur the economy , and in spite of a flagging economy .
Over the last two decades , however , Wall Street and the rest of corporate America have skirted a series of rules that sought to rein in executive compensation .
An attempt in 1993 to deal with such compensation is a textbook example .
With the country struggling economically , President Clinton signed a law limiting a company ’s ability to deduct more than $ 1 million in salary for top executives from their taxes .
It ’s widely believed to have backfired .
Companies shifted to stock options , leading to an explosion in executive compensation through the rest of the 1990s and setting the stage for scandals over attempts to backdate the options to make them even more valuable .
Advertisement
Thanks to lucrative options and a strong stock market , the typical chief executive was earning 525 times the pay of the average U.S. worker by 2000 , according to one recent study .
The gap has narrowed in recent years , the study found , but CEOs still on average earn 344 times the salaries of average workers .
“ Over the past 15 years there have been a number of efforts to put some sort of restriction on executive pay , both through legislation and through shareholder activism , and yet we see CEO pay continuing to rise , ” said Sarah Anderson , an executive - pay expert at the Institute for Policy Studies in Washington .
“ Wall Street has the best , shrewdest lawyers in the world looking to maintain these outrageous pay levels . ”
In 1984 , for example , Congress sought to limit excessive severance packages , known as golden parachutes .
Lawmakers changed the tax code so that any payment more than 2.99 times an executive ’s annual salary was hit with a 20 % excise tax .
But most companies were only providing severance of one year ’s salary to their executives .
Companies interpreted the new tax rules to mean that anything up to three times the salary was permissible , and severance packages rose to that level .
Advertisement
Many companies also responded by simply paying the executives ’ taxes -- a practice known appropriately enough as a “ gross up . ”
Just as in the past , there are ways around Obama ’s rules .
First , they apply only to companies that receive government bailout money in the future .
For companies that do n’t receive “ exceptional financial recovery assistance ” -- such as the outsize bailouts that went to AIG and Citigroup -- the restrictions on executive pay would be waived if the company discloses the compensation and allows a nonbinding shareholder vote .
Companies that do n’t have the restrictions waived still could pay an unlimited amount in restricted stock and other incentives .
The incentives can be cashed in after the company has paid the government back , but also if the government decides after an undetermined period that the company has shown it is meeting its repayment obligations .
The Treasury website did not detail what constitutes “ exceptional ” aid .
Advertisement
Also , while executive salaries are capped , there are no limits on the scores of mid-level Wall Streeters such as bond traders or investment bankers who typically pocket million - dollar bonuses .
“ It ’s a move in the right direction , but it does n’t have enough teeth and on some items does n’t go deep enough , ” said Brian Foley , a pay expert in White Plains , N.Y .
“ It ’s important not to be too intrusive , but particularly with companies that have gotten exceptional assistance , the rules ought to be truly tough . ”
Some critics of Obama ’s plan said restricting executive pay would dissuade the most talented people from working at the companies most in need of help , or dissuade companies from seeking necessary government aid .
Steve Bartlett , president of the Financial Services Roundtable , which represents large financial institutions , called Obama ’s restrictions “ a measured response ” but warned they still could cause problems .
Advertisement
“ Political decisions like this often have unintended consequences that could hamper the economic recovery , ” he said .
“ Healthy banks will begin to stray away from using [ Troubled Asset Relief Program ] capital . ”
Crystal warned of another potential consequence : a desperate desire by banks that need government assistance to get out from under the compensation restrictions .
“ It ’s an incentive to find a way to pay the government back -- however you get there , ” he said .
“ It could encourage bad behavior . ”
But others said people on Wall Street had more pressing demands than worrying about their gargantuan pay .
Advertisement
“ It would be nice if they applied their brilliant minds to not getting us into this mess in the first place [ rather than in ] finding ways to not limit executive compensation , ” said Paul Hodgson , a pay expert at Corporate Library , a corporate - governance research firm .
--
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
cparsons@tribune.com
Advertisement
walter.hamilton@latimes.com
Quotable :
He had the illusion that a little inflation is good .
Too much , no .
He was one of the cleverest men I knew , but he was not really a very competent economist at all .
He had strong intuitions , which sometimes were right , and the strong conviction that he could put over any theory that he invented to justify his particular recommendations .
He was a very great man , but I do n’t think he was a great economist .
Hayek : I taught at his university while he was advising government .
We at the London School of Economics were evacuated to Cambridge for the whole World War II period , and Keynes got me rooms in his college .
But he was most of the time advising governments , so we met only occasionally on weekends .
We were personally very good friends .
More :
Q : This controversial theory of competition of currencies is beginning to receive some attention .
How do you think it would work ?
Would the major banks issue currencies , or would there be gold coins issued ?
Hayek :
It seems to me that my original plan is right , but I am afraid that I ’ve come to the conclusion that politically , it is completely Utopian .
Governments will never allow monetary competition , and even bankers do not understand the idea because they have all grown up in the system which is so completely dependent on central banks .
So I think we need a roundabout way .
After all , in the modern world , currency is no longer the most important money .
Credit and credit cards are substitutes .
While governments can stop people from issuing money , they can hardly stop them from opening accounts in something unless they introduce a complete system of exchange control .
I do not expect that any bank will understand this idea .
But I hope that one of the big dealers in raw materials will be prepared to open accounts which will be redeemable in so much of current moneys as are necessary to buy this list of raw materials .
Through these accounts he can make his unit — call it the “ solid ” — the standard unit without it ever being used in circulation .
People very soon will begin to keep their accounts in “ solids ” — the only thing which is trustworthy .
Although it ’s a thing where many people can compete , most of them will probably choose the same list of raw materials .
If one major firm will start this , others will imitate it .
So I think we can forget about existing money and existing banks , and gradually open a system of accounts which will displace the government money .
Q : Maybe the unit , one day , will be known as the “ Hayek . ”
Continuing on the money issue , it seems to me that the fundamental flaw in Milton Friedman ’s theory of monetary control is becoming more and more evident today .
The authorities are now admitting that they do n’t even know what the money supply is .
So how could you have a theory based on a steady increase in the money supply ?
Hayek :
You know , about forty years ago , I once wrote a sentence something like this :
Almost the worst thing which could happen would be if mankind ever forgot the quantity theory of money — except they should ever take it literally .
While I still believe that it is true that the price level is determined from the quantity of money , we never know what the quantity of money in this sense is .
I think the rule ought to be that whoever issues the money must adapt the quantity so that the price level will remain stable .
But to believe that there is a measurable magnitude which you can keep constant , with beneficial effects , I regard as completely wrong .
I do n’t like criticizing Milton Friedman not only because he is an old friend but because , outside of monetary theory , we are in complete agreement .
Our general views on what is desired and what is not are almost identical until we get on to money .
But if I told him what I said before , that I very much doubt whether monetary policy has ever done anything good , he would disagree .
He personally is convinced that a good monetary policy is a foundation for everything .
Q : What do you think will be the outcome of the Third World debt crisis ?
Hayek : I do n’t know .
If we are very lucky — I doubt that we should be so lucky — we may get through it without either a resumption of inflation or new controls being clapped on .
But the only good thing I hope to see is that people are becoming somewhat aware that the present monetary system is not very satisfactory and that we will have to consider fundamental reform .
I do n’t think anybody is yet going far enough .
I sympathize with the people who would like to return to the gold standard .
I wish it were possible .
I am personally convinced it cannot be done for two reasons :
The gold standard presupposes certain dogmatic beliefs which cannot be rationally justified , and our present generation is not prepared to readopt beliefs which were old traditions and have been discredited .
But even more serious , I believe that any attempt to return to gold will lead to such fluctuations in the value of gold that it will break down .
So although I must sympathize with the gold standard people , I do n’t believe that is a possible way .
I think , in the long run , only my much more radical proposal will be feasible .
Q : Do you see the future as being more and more inflation and currency depreciation , or do you think that we could have a depression ?
Hayek :
Many things in the last three years have moved very much better than I had hoped .
Particularly in England , the fact that Mrs.
Thatcher would be able to bring inflation down as well as she has done , and the same to some extent in America , is very encouraging .
If you can bring down inflation to zero , and have it stay there , I think the position of the leading countries can be saved .
I ’m not sure that means the positions of their banks can be saved !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Monday ordered an immediate 60 - day review of federal cyber security efforts and named Melissa Hathaway , a top U.S. intelligence official , to oversee the effort , according to a White House statement .
Hathaway , who served as a top cyber security adviser to Mike McConnell , the former director of national intelligence , will conduct the review for the White House National Security and Homeland Security Councils .
The review , which will examine what the federal government already is doing to protect vital U.S. computer networks , underscores mounting concerns about the risks of cyber attacks , and points to a growing market for U.S. contractors .
Northrop Grumman Corp , Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co , the Pentagon ’s biggest contractors , already are working on a variety of cyber security projects for the U.S. government , many of which are classified .
Industry executives say the sector will be one of their fastest - growing markets in coming years , and analysts say it could generate over $ 10 billion in contracts by 2013 .
Hathaway , who had been coordinating cyber security efforts for the intelligence community , will serve as acting senior director for cyber space during the review period , according to the White House statement , which was released late on Monday .
Obama highlighted the importance of safeguarding the nation ’s vital computer networks against enemy attacks during his campaign , and has promised to appoint a national cyber adviser to coordinate federal agency efforts and develop a national cyber policy .
Just before he left office last month , McConnell told reporters that the Internet had introduced an unprecedented level of vulnerability .
“ If you get in our systems and you ’re trying to destroy banking records or electric power distribution or transportation , it could have a debilitating effect on the country , ” he said .
The Senate last month confirmed Adm. Dennis Blair to be the new director of national intelligence , replacing McConnell .
Immediately upon taking office , the Obama administration underscored the importance of protecting U.S. information networks in a posting on the White House website .
It pledged to work with industry , researchers , and citizens to “ build a trustworthy and accountable cyber infrastructure that is resilient , protects America ’s competitive advantage , and advances our national and homeland security . ”
The White House also said it would initiate a drive to develop next - generation secure computers and networking for national security applications ; establish tough new standards for cyber security and physical resilience ; battle corporate cyber espionage and target criminal activity on the Internet .
We discuss climate models a lot , and from the comments here and in other forums it ’s clear that there remains a great deal of confusion about what climate models do and how their results should be interpreted .
This post is designed to be a FAQ for climate model questions – of which a few are already given .
If you have comments or other questions , ask them as concisely as possible in the comment section and if they are of enough interest , we ’ll add them to the post so that we can have a resource for future discussions .
( We would ask that you please focus on real questions that have real answers and , as always , avoid rhetorical excesses ) .
Part II is here .
What is the difference between a physics - based model and a statistical model ?
Models in statistics or in many colloquial uses of the term often imply a simple relationship that is fitted to some observations .
A linear regression line through a change of temperature with time , or a sinusoidal fit to the seasonal cycle for instance .
More complicated fits are also possible ( neural nets for instance ) .
These statistical models are very efficient at encapsulating existing information concisely and as long as things do n’t change much , they can provide reasonable predictions of future behaviour .
However , they are n’t much good for predictions if you know the underlying system is changing in ways that might possibly affect how your original variables will interact .
Physics - based models on the other hand , try to capture the real physical cause of any relationship , which hopefully are understood at a deeper level .
Since those fundamentals are not likely to change in the future , the anticipation of a successful prediction is higher .
A classic example is Newton ’s Law of motion , F=ma , which can be used in multiple contexts to give highly accurate results completely independently of the data Newton himself had on hand .
Climate models are fundamentally physics - based , but some of the small scale physics is only known empirically ( for instance , the increase of evaporation as the wind increases ) .
Thus statistical fits to the observed data are included in the climate model formulation , but these are only used for process - level parameterisations , not for trends in time .
Are climate models just a fit to the trend in the global temperature data ?
No .
Much of the confusion concerning this point comes from a misunderstanding stemming from the point above .
Model development actually does not use the trend data in tuning ( see below ) .
Instead , modellers work to improve the climatology of the model ( the fit to the average conditions ) , and it ’s intrinsic variability ( such as the frequency and amplitude of tropical variability ) .
The resulting model is pretty much used ‘ as is ’ in hindcast experiments for the 20th Century .
Why are there ‘ wiggles ’ in the output ?
GCMs perform calculations with timesteps of about 20 to 30 minutes so that they can capture the daily cycle and the progression of weather systems .
As with weather forecasting models , the weather in a climate model is chaotic .
Starting from a very similar ( but not identical ) state , a different simulation will ensue – with different weather , different storms , different wind patterns – i.e different wiggles .
In control simulations , there are wiggles at almost all timescales – daily , monthly , yearly , decadally and longer – and modellers need to test very carefully how much of any change that happens because of a change in forcing is really associated with that forcing and how much might simply be due to the internal wiggles .
What is robust in a climate projection and how can I tell ?
Since every wiggle is not necessarily significant , modellers need to assess how robust particular model results are .
They do this by seeing whether the same result is seen in other simulations , with other models , whether it makes physical sense and whether there is some evidence of similar things in the observational or paleo record .
If that result is seen in multiple models and multiple simulations , it is likely to be a robust consequence of the underlying assumptions , or in other words , it probably is n’t due to any of the relatively arbitrary choices that mark the differences between different models .
If the magnitude of the effect makes theoretical sense independent of these kinds of model , then that adds to it ’s credibility , and if in fact this effect matches what is seen in observations , then that adds more .
Robust results are therefore those that quantitatively match in all three domains .
Examples are the warming of planet as a function of increasing greenhouse gases , or the change in water vapour with temperature .
All models show basically the same behaviour that is in line with basic theory and observations .
Examples of non-robust results are the changes in El Niño as a result of climate forcings , or the impact on hurricanes .
In both of these cases , models produce very disparate results , the theory is not yet fully developed and observations are ambiguous .
How have models changed over the years ?
Initially ( ca. 1975 ) , GCMs were based purely on atmospheric processes – the winds , radiation , and with simplified clouds .
By the mid-1980s , there were simple treatments of the upper ocean and sea ice , and clouds parameterisations started to get slightly more sophisticated .
In the 1990s , fully coupled ocean - atmosphere models started to become available .
This is when the first Coupled Model Intercomparison Project ( CMIP ) was started .
This has subsequently seen two further iterations , the latest ( CMIP3 ) being the database used in support of much of the model work in the IPCC AR4 .
Over that time , model simulations have become demonstrably more realistic ( Reichler and Kim , 2008 ) as resolution has increased and parameterisations have become more sophisticated .
Nowadays , models also include dynamic sea ice , aerosols and atmospheric chemistry modules .
Issues like excessive ‘ climate drift ’ ( the tendency for a coupled model to move away from the a state resembling the actual climate ) which were problematic in the early days are now much minimised .
What is tuning ?
We are still a long way from being able to simulate the climate with a true first principles calculation .
While many basic aspects of physics can be included ( conservation of mass , energy etc. ) , many need to be approximated for reasons of efficiency or resolutions ( i.e. the equations of motion need estimates of sub - gridscale turbulent effects , radiative transfer codes approximate the line - by - line calculations using band averaging ) , and still others are only known empirically ( the formula for how fast clouds turn to rain for instance ) .
With these approximations and empirical formulae , there is often a tunable parameter or two that can be varied in order to improve the match to whatever observations exist .
Adjusting these values is described as tuning and falls into two categories .
First , there is the tuning in a single formula in order for that formula to best match the observed values of that specific relationship .
This happens most frequently when new parameterisations are being developed .
Secondly , there are tuning parameters that control aspects of the emergent system .
Gravity wave drag parameters are not very constrained by data , and so are often tuned to improve the climatology of stratospheric zonal winds .
The threshold relative humidity for making clouds is tuned often to get the most realistic cloud cover and global albedo .
Surprisingly , there are very few of these ( maybe a half dozen ) that are used in adjusting the models to match the data .
It is important to note that these exercises are done with the mean climate ( including the seasonal cycle and some internal variability ) – and once set they are kept fixed for any perturbation experiment .
How are models evaluated ?
The amount of data that is available for model evaluation is vast , but falls into a few clear categories .
First , there is the climatological average ( maybe for each month or season ) of key observed fields like temperature , rainfall , winds and clouds .
This is the zeroth order comparison to see whether the model is getting the basics reasonably correct .
Next comes the variability in these basic fields – does the model have a realistic North Atlantic Oscillation , or ENSO , or MJO .
These are harder to match ( and indeed many models do not yet have realistic El Niños ) .
More subtle are comparisons of relationships in the model and in the real world .
This is useful for short data records ( such as those retrieves by satellite ) where there is a lot of weather noise one would n’t expect the model to capture .
In those cases , looking at the relationship between temperatures and humidity , or cloudiness and aerosols can give insight into whether the model processes are realistic or not .
Then there are the tests of climate changes themselves : how does a model respond to the addition of aerosols in the stratosphere such as was seen in the Mt Pinatubo ‘ natural experiment ’ ?
How does it respond over the whole of the 20th Century , or at the Maunder Minimum , or the mid-Holocene or the Last Glacial Maximum ?
In each case , there is usually sufficient data available to evaluate how well the model is doing .
Are the models complete ?
That is , do they contain all the processes we know about ?
No .
While models contain a lot of physics , they do n’t contain many small - scale processes that more specialised groups ( of atmospheric chemists , or coastal oceanographers for instance ) might worry about a lot .
Mostly this is a question of scale ( model grid boxes are too large for the details to be resolved ) , but sometimes it ’s a matter of being uncertain how to include it ( for instance , the impact of ocean eddies on tracers ) .
Additionally , many important bio-physical - chemical cycles ( for the carbon fluxes , aerosols , ozone ) are only just starting to be incorporated .
Ice sheet and vegetation components are very much still under development .
Do models have global warming built in ?
No .
If left to run on their own , the models will oscillate around a long - term mean that is the same regardless of what the initial conditions were .
Given different drivers , volcanoes or CO2 say , they will warm or cool as a function of the basic physics of aerosols or the greenhouse effect .
How do I write a paper that proves that models are wrong ?
Much more simply than you might think since , of course , all models are indeed wrong ( though some are useful – George Box ) .
Showing a mismatch between the real world and the observational data is made much easier if you recall the signal - to - noise issue we mentioned above .
As you go to smaller spatial and shorter temporal scales the amount of internal variability increases markedly and so the number of diagnostics which will be different to the expected values from the models will increase ( in both directions of course ) .
So pick a variable , restrict your analysis to a small part of the planet , and calculate some statistic over a short period of time and you ’re done .
If the models match through some fluke , make the space smaller , and use a shorter time period and eventually they wo n’t .
Even if models get much better than they are now , this will always work – call it the RealClimate theory of persistence .
Now , appropriate statistics can be used to see whether these mismatches are significant and not just the result of chance or cherry - picking , but a surprising number of papers do n’t bother to check such things correctly .
Getting people outside the , shall we say , more ‘ excitable ’ parts of the blogosphere to pay any attention is , unfortunately , a lot harder .
Can GCMs predict the temperature and precipitation for my home ?
No .
There are often large variation in the temperature and precipitation statistics over short distances because the local climatic characteristics are affected by the local geography .
The GCMs are designed to describe the most important large - scale features of the climate , such as the energy flow , the circulation , and the temperature in a grid - box volume ( through physical laws of thermodynamics , the dynamics , and the ideal gas laws ) .
A typical grid - box may have a horizontal area of ~ 100 ×100 km2 , but the size has tended to reduce over the years as computers have increased in speed .
The shape of the landscape ( the details of mountains , coastline etc. ) used in the models reflect the spatial resolution , hence the model will not have sufficient detail to describe local climate variation associated with local geographical features ( e.g. mountains , valleys , lakes , etc. ) .
However , it is possible to use a GCM to derive some information about the local climate through downscaling , as it is affected by both the local geography ( a more or less given constant ) as well as the large - scale atmospheric conditions .
The results derived through downscaling can then be compared with local climate variables , and can be used for further ( and more severe ) assessments of the combination model - downscaling technique .
This is however still an experimental technique .
It 's been decades since Americans had this much time on their hands and -- thanks to the Web -- never have there been so many opportunities to burn it .
In November , Julia Otto was headed to her first day on a new job , car keys in hand , as an administrative assistant with a New Orleans construction company when her phone rang .
Her position ...
This is the third post in the article series " Vim Plugins You Should Know About " .
This time I am going to introduce you to a plugin called " matchit.vim " .
If you are intrigued by this topic , I suggest that you subscribe to my posts !
For the introduction and first post in this article series , follow this link - Vim Plugins You Should Know About , Part I : surround.vim .
Part II is here : repeat.vim .
Matchit extends the existing functionality of " % " key ( percent key ) .
I 'll first briefly remind you what the original " % " does and then explain how matchit.vim enhances it .
The original " % " key allows you to jump between various pairs of characters and some programming constructs .
For example , it jumps between pairs of parenthesis ( ) 's , { }'s , [ ] 's .
It also jumps between opening and closing tags of C style comments / and /.
And it 's smart enough to jump between C preprocessor directives - from # if to #endif and match #elif or #else in between .
Here is an example .
Suppose you have this code and you press " % " , the cursor jumps between { and } parens :
Matchit.vim extends this functionality .
It 's written by Benji Fisher and it adds support to cycle between if , else if , else , endif keywords in various programming languages .
Another improvement is the ability to find pairs of HTML tags , such as < p > ... </p >.
Another handy mapping is " g % " that does " % " in opposite direction ( goes from endif to else to else if to if ) .
The plugin also includes several other mappings like " ] % " , " [ % " and " a % " but I could not figure out how to effectively use them in real life code , so I do n't use them at all .
Here is another example .
Suppose you are editing this HTML and you quickly want to go to the corresponding closing tag of < body > .
Just press " % " :
Overall it 's a great plugin to have in your inventory !
How to install matchit.vim ?
Matchit.vim has been included in vim since version 6.0 .
However there are newer versions of the script available with bug fixes and enhancements .
To get the latest version :
1. Download matchit.zip .
2. Extract matchit.zip to ~/.vim ( on Unix / Linux ) or ~\vimfiles ( on Windows ) .
3. Run : helptags ~/.vim /doc ( on Unix / Linux ) or : helptags ~/ vimfiles /doc ( on Windows ) to rebuild the tags file ( so that you can read : help % , : help g % , etc . )
4. Restart Vim or source matchit.vim with " : so ~/.vim/plugin/matchit.vim " on Unix or " : so ~/vimfiles/plugin/matchit.vim " on Windows ) .
5. Use ' % ' to find corresponding
For Python programmers :
Turns out the original matchit.vim plugin does not match if / elif / else .
Benji extended matchit.vim itself and created " python_matchit.vim " .
This extension allows us to use the " % " key to cycle through if / elif / else , try / except / catch , for / continue / break , and while / continue / break structures .
The script also defines g % to cycle in the opposite direction , and it defines two other motions , [ % and ] % , go to the start and end of the current block , respectively .
How to install python_matchit.vim ?
Python_matchit.vim is a filetype plugin .
It has to be installed in " ftplugin " directory .
Follow these steps to get it installed :
1. Download python_matchit.vim .
2 . Put it in ~/.vim / ftplugin ( on Unix / Linux ) or ~\vimfiles \ftplugin ( on Windows ) .
3. Restart Vim or source matchit.vim with " : so ~/.vim/ftplugin/python_matchit.vim " on Unix or " : so ~/vimfiles/ftplugin/python_matchit.vim " on Windows ) .
The same steps can be taken to install matchit for Ruby .
Have Fun !
Happy matching with matchit.vim !
This weekend , NCSE named Steve # 1000 .
After much secrecy , they revealed that Dr. Steven P. Darwin of Tulane University in New Orleans was the 1000th member of Project Steve .
Dr. Steve Darwin – no relation to Charles – has been a botanist and evolutionary biologist for over thirty years .
Darwin is not only a professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at Tulane University in New Orleans , but also Director of Tulane ’s herbarium , which boasts 115,000 specimens , with a focus on flora from the southeastern United States .
He is the author of thirty - five publications in the field of plant biology .
The Financial Times has just published an op ed by Peter Boone and me , arguing that aggressive bank recapitalization and toxic debt clean - up is essential in the U.S. – and that this can be done with strong protections for taxpayers and without nationalization .
The FT did a great job cutting our draft down to fit their print edition ( of Tuesday , January 27th ) ; I do n’t think they took out anything crucial .
But , just in case , after the jump is the full article as submitted .
( Note : newspapers usually like to choose their own titles for op eds , and the FT is no exception .
But I like their choice and I ’ve used it as the heading for this post . )
_________________________________________
If you hid the name of the country and just showed them the numbers , there is no doubt what old IMF hands would say when confronted by the current situation of the United States : nationalize the banking system .
The government has already essentially guaranteed the liabilities of the banking system ( and no one can risk a Lehman re-run ) , bank assets at market value must be massively lower than liabilities , and a severe global recession may yet turn into the Greatest Depression .
Nationalization would simplify enormously the job of cleaning up the balance sheets of the banking system , without which no amount of recapitalization can make sense .
An asset management company would be constructed for each nationalized bank , and loans and securities could be clearly divided into “ definitely good ” and “ everything else ” .
The arbitrariness of this procedure is not a worry when it all belongs to the government in any case .
The good loans would go into a newly recapitalized bank , where the taxpayer not only holds all the risk ( as now ) but also gets all the upside .
Careful disposal of the bad assets would yield lower losses than feared , although the final net addition to government debt would no doubt be in the standard range for major banking fiascos : between 10 % and 20 % of GDP .
As soon as you reveal that the country in question is the United States , the advice has to change for three reasons .
First , nationalization is an anathema in the U.S. Second , there is good reason for this – the government here really has no track record of running successful business enterprises .
Third , most important , think about what would happen if the American political system gets the bit of directed credit between its teeth , with all the lobbying that entails .
If you want to end up with the economy of Pakistan , the politics of Ukraine , and the inflation rate of Zimbabwe , bank nationalization is the way to go .
Yet no one other than the government is available to recapitalize the banking system , and without sufficient capital , lending cannot be stabilized and any incipient recovery – based on the fiscal stimulus and the pending large mortgage refinancing program – will be strangled at birth .
The problem is not just pervasive financial and macroeconomic instability , it ’s the scale of the recapitalization needed to cover the real losses faced by banks – remember Citi and Bank of America required “ survival bailouts ” and today are valued merely as options .
Additional capital is also needed to support the banks ’ ( and everyone else ’s ) desire for higher capitalization in the future .
And , with the world economy still deteriorating , we need even more capital as a cushion against the worst case recession scenario .
And these are just the direct recapitalization components .
The asset management companies must pay cash for the distressed assets .
Buying at current market prices should protect most of the taxpayer investment and is the only approach that will find political support .
Adding these together suggests that the government will need to come up with “ working capital ” in the region of $ 3 trn - 4trn .
If things go well , at the end of the day the losses to the taxpayer should be quite limited , with the final cost closer to $ 1trn .
But this requires that the taxpayer gets enough upside participation .
How is this possible without receiving common equity which , at today ’s prices , would imply controlling stakes in the banks ( i.e. , nationalization ) ?
We could receive a large amount of nonvoting stock , but a majority silent shareholder is an oxymoron who distorts the incentives of managers towards more bad behavior .
And the last thing we need is further political backlash .
The most politically robust solution is to have the government acquire not voting stock but warrants – the option to buy such stock .
These warrants would convert to common stock when sold , and a Resolution Trust Corporation - type structure can manage the disposal of these controlling stakes into the hands of private equity investors .
New owners would restructure bank operations , fire executives , and break up the banks ( particularly if some anti-trust provisions are added ) .
The sticking point will be banks refusing to sell assets at market value .
The regulators need to apply without forbearance their existing rules and principles for proper loan provisioning and for the marking to market of all illiquid assets .
We know they can do this in individual cases – NCC , for example , was forced out of business despite seeming well - capitalized by any publicly available measure .
It ’s the big , politically powerful banks that have caught way too many breaks .
The law must be used against both accountants and bank executives who deviate from the rules on capital requirements .
This will concentrate the minds of our financial elite .
Either they will raise capital privately or the government will provide , but this time on terms favorable to the taxpayer .
The banker ’s lobby , of course , will protest loudly .
Good thing we now have a U.S. President who can stand up to them , otherwise we would eventually collapse into nationalization .
By Peter Boone and Simon Johnson
Before They Were Famous Guess Who ?
01/03/2009
The youngest of five siblings , this brainiac actress was a 4.0 student at her all - female high school and scored 1310 out of 1600 on her SAT .
She was offered the lead in " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " but turned it down .
She won the role that put her on the map with an audition tape shot in her basement .
Her wholesome image was shattered when she appeared nude in a film in 2000 .
She has been described as " the Audrey Hepburn of her generation . "
Who is she ?
Continue reading for the answer .
Kate Holmes attended Notre Dame Academy in Toledo , Ohio , and was accepted to Columbia University , where she attended for a summer session .
Asked to come to Los Angeles to audition for " Dawson 's Creek , " Holmes was doing a school play and told the WB she had other commitments .
The producers permitted her to audtion on videotape .
She read for the part of Joey Potter on a videotape shot in her basement , with her mother reading Dawson 's lines .
In 2000 , Katie appeared topless in the film " The Gift . "
Too easy ?
Stumped ?
Enjoy this game ?
Check out more editions of ‘ Before They Were Famous ’ in the related links below .
Cellphone sales are falling , manufacturers have announced thousands of layoffs and wireless carriers are finding it harder to acquire and keep customers .
It seems like another tale of “ recession bites industry , ” but there are signs that this downturn is masking something more fundamental : that the cellphone industry ’s best days are behind it .
Analysts and investors are beginning to ask whether the industry can continue growing .
The challenge is both simple and daunting : how to expand when more than half of the six billion people on the planet already have phones .
And even in developing countries where there are underserved markets , subscribers spend less on phones and services .
Craig Moffett , an industry analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company , is one of the skeptics .
“ I do n’t think anyone would argue that the salad days of the wireless industry are n’t over , ” he said .
He added that in terms of subscriber growth in North America , “ we ’re awfully close to saturation . ”
NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - India on Friday welcomed Pakistan ’s acknowledgement the Mumbai attacks were partly planned on its soil , in a sign of a possible thaw in relations between the two nuclear powers .
Pakistan said for the first time on Thursday that November ’s attacks , in which 179 people died , had been launched and partly planned from Pakistan .
Its statement coincided with a visit to the region by U.S. special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan Richard Holbrooke .
Analysts said it could signal Pakistan was responding to pressure from the United States under President Barack Obama , based on tying aid to progress made on battling militants .
“ This is a positive step .
We hope that the matter will be taken to its logical conclusion where the perpetrators are penalized , ” Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee told reporters .
However he also told parliament Pakistan ’s reaction to the attacks had been characterized by “ prevarication , denial , diversionary tactics and misplaced sense of victimhood ” and said it must dismantle all militant infrastructure on its soil .
“ I do not discount in any way either their intent or their sincerity , but the fact remains that the overwhelming response of official Pakistan to the Mumbai attack was not appropriate to a terrorist attack where innocents were massacred in cold blood . ”
Pakistan said Mukherjee ’s statement ran counter to a serious approach needed to uncover all the facts .
It expected “ India to come clean on the multiple facets of the Mumbai tragedy , ” a foreign ministry statement said .
Analysts said Pakistan ’s announcement had assuaged much of India ’s frustration and there could now be several months of toing and froing between the two countries over the probe .
“ Is this the beginning of the mea culpa within the Pakistan establishment about terrorist acts being directed against India ? ” said strategic analyst Uday Bhaskar .
ELECTION
A waning of tensions could help India ’s ruling Congress party ahead of a parliamentary election due by May , but analysts saw little real progress until a new government is elected .
“ If Pakistan is going to make a gesture to India , they will make it with a new Indian government rather than a government with only a few months left in office , ” political columnist Amitabh Mattoo told Reuters .
India ’s Hindu nationalist opposition , the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , said Pakistan had emerged from denial mode .
“ With this revelation , now the next stage should be eliminating the terrorist camps inside Pakistan and crushing the association between state actors and these terrorist groups , ” BJP spokesman Rajiv Pratap Rudy said .
Indian newspapers welcomed Islamabad ’s statement .
“ Pak blinks , finally , ” read the headline in the Times of India newspaper , while the Mail Today led a story with “ Finally , Pakistan admits some guilt . ”
Rehman Malik , Pakistan 's adviser to the prime minister on the interior , gestures during a news conference at the interior ministry in Islamabad February 12 , 2009 .
Pakistan was holding in custody the ringleader and five other suspects in the conspiracy behind a militant attack that killed 179 people in Mumbai , Rehman said on Thursday .
REUTERS / Faisal Mahmood
Pakistani officials have given details of how 10 gunmen had sailed from Karachi to carry out the attack in the Indian financial capital between November 26 - 29 .
It said it was holding in custody a ringleader and five other suspects .
India has always maintained the plot was hatched in Pakistan , and blamed elements in Pakistani intelligence agencies , which had earlier built up militant groups to fight Indian rule in Kashmir .
Mukherjee said Pakistan had to decide how it wanted to handle relations with India .
“ We are at a point in our relationship where the authorities in Pakistan itself have to choose the kind of relationship that they want with India in the future , ” Mukherjee said .
“ Much depends on actions in the Mumbai case reaching their logical conclusion . ”
Orion as imagined , with the stars that make it up .
This view shows the hunter as of around 8 p.m. local time this week from the southern United States .
Look high in the southeast to first find the tight group of three stars that make up Orion 's belt .
Image
Astronomer Robert H. Baker ( 1880 - 1962 ) once wrote of the Great Hunter or Celestial Warrior , Orion , that he shines " like a gigantic piece of celestial jewelry through the frosty winter air . "
Indeed , Orion is by far the most brilliant of the constellations and is visible from every inhabited part of the Earth .
As darkness descends , he clearly dominates the southeast sky .
Three bright stars in line in the middle of a bright rectangle decorate Orion 's belt , which point northward to the clusters of the Hyades and Pleiades of Taurus , and southward to the Dog Star Sirius .
Within Orion we find two immense stars , Rigel and Betelgeuse , apparently at two entirely different periods in a star 's existence .
A tale of two stars
Rigel ( the " Left Leg of the Giant " ) , is a blue - white supergiant star , one of the rarest breeds in our galaxy ; it 's one of the most intrinsically luminous of all stars and one of the hottest , apparently just reaching the prime of its life in the time span of a star and literally " burning the candle at both ends . "
It has been computed that Rigel 's luminosity is something like 36,000 times that of the sun .
Our best estimates currently place it at 773 light - years away .
In contrast , red supergiants like Betelgeuse ( " The Armpit of the Giant " ) are gigantic bloated globes of cooler gas .
If such a star were to replace the sun in the solar system , it might extend beyond Mars ' orbit .
Betelegeuse is near the end of its career , some 522 light - years away , but not shining with a steady light .
It is a " pulsating " star , expanding and contracting spasmodically with a diameter that varies from 550 to 920 times that of the sun , but so irregular are these pulsations that no one can predict exactly when it will expand or contract .
In trying to describe Betelegeuse many years ago , a lecturer at New York 's Hayden Planetarium noted that it is " like an old man with his strength almost entirely spent , panting in the asthmatic decrepitude of old age . "
Stellar genealogy
Stars produce their energy by fusing hydrogen into helium deep within their cores .
When a star accumulates sufficient helium in its core , its energy output increases significantly , and it swells into a red giant or supergiant , like Betelgeuse .
This is what Rigel will become in a few million years .
In such stars , the core produces successively heavier elements to balance the incessant crush of gravity .
But once the core begins creating iron , a star 's days are numbered ; the formation of elements heavier than iron consumes rather than produces energy .
Eventually , since the core can no longer support the star 's vast weight it collapses , triggering a cataclysmic supernova explosion .
Betelgeuse is in its final stage and could explode in only a few million years .
Joe Rao serves as an instructor and guest lecturer at New York 's Hayden Planetarium .
He writes about astronomy for The New York Times and other publications , and he is also an on -camera meteorologist for News 12 Westchester , New York .
The 2008 Linux and free software timeline
Here is LWN 's eleventh annual timeline of significant events in the Linux and free software world for the year .
As always , 2008 proved to be an interesting year , with great progress in useful software that made our systems better .
Of course , there were some of the usual conflicts — patent woes , project politics , and arguments over freedom — but overall , the pace of free software progress stayed on its upwardly increasing trend .
2008 was a year that saw the end of SCO — or not — the rise of Linux - based " netbooks " , multiple excellent distribution releases , more phones and embedded devices based on Linux , as well as major releases of software we will be using for years ( X.org , Python , KDE , ... ) .
We look forward to seeing what 2009 — and beyond !— will bring .
This is version 0.95 of the 2008 timeline .
There are certainly errors and omissions ; if you find any , please send them to timeline@lwn.net rather than posting them as comments .
The development of the LWN. net Linux Timeline was supported by LWN subscribers ; if you like what you see , please consider subscribing to LWN .
January : SCO delisted , Sun buys MySQL , KDE 4 , 2.6.24 , ...
February : Mozilla Messaging , LSB 3.2 , vmsplice ( ) , ...
, ... March : OpenOffice , GCC , ...
April : OOXML approved , 2.6.25 , Ubuntu 8.04 , ...
May : Fedora 9 , Sugar Labs , Debian OpenSSL bug , ...
June : Wine 1.0 , openSUSE 11.0 , Firefox 3 , ... July : Kaminsky DNS flaw , 2.6.26 , Stormy Peters , ...
August : Fedora infrastructure , JMRI , Debian , ...
September : Kernel Summit , Linux Plumbers Conference , Firefox EULA , ...
October : GIMP 2.6 , Python 2.6 , 2.6.27 , Ubuntu 8.10 , ...
November : Theora , iPhone Linux , Fedora 10 , MySQL 5.1 , ...
December : Python 3.0 , Debian woes , FSF vs. Cisco , Slackware 12.2 , openSUSE 11.1 , ...
For previous years ' timelines , head over to our timeline index .
Acknowledgments : Felix Braun , Stephan Binner , Jesse Weinstein , Gerald Combs , Greg Woods , Carlos Manuel Duclos Vergara , Greg Roelofs , and Diego Calleja all made suggestions or corrections to help make this timeline better .
January
At the top of the list of continuations is SCO .
No matter how the legal action pans out , it will continue to dominate direction setting in the Linux community - and until or unless IBM gets its collective head straight on the issue and cleans house , the polarization this case has led to will continue to undermine Linux legitimacy .
-- " Paul Murphy " misses the boat
NetBSD 4.0 released ( announcement ) .
Linux 0.01 released after being ported to gcc -4.x ( announcement ) .
SCO delisted from Nasdaq ( Groklaw article ) .
Intel leaves One Laptop Per Child project in part because of a dispute about the Classmate PC ( NY Times article ) .
Red Hat names Jim Whitehurst as CEO ( press release ) .
Open source is a way to focus on the customer , letting us grow , succeed , and change the technology landscape ... all while doing something that is fundamentally good .
Fighting for open standards and open formats .
These things will change society .
I 'm thrilled to be here .
-- Jim Whitehurst , new Red Hat CEO
The Open Source Application Foundation restructures as Mitch Kapor stops funding it ( announcement ) .
John Lilly named as new Mozilla Corp. CEO , Mitchell Baker drops one of her Mozilla titles .
( blog entry ) .
OpenMoko gets spun out of FIC as separate company ( announcement ) .
Sun buys MySQL A.B. ( announcement ) .
Paul Frields becomes Fedora Project Leader ( announcement ) .
The Gentoo Foundation loses its charter in New Mexico where it was incorporated ( blog entry ) .
KDE 4.0 released well before it was ready , at least according to some ( announcement ) .
User space developers are weenies .
One of the most fun parts of git development for me has been how easy everything is ;) -- Linus Torvalds
The One Laptop Per Child project flirts with Windows to the annoyance of many in the free software community ( Computerworld article ) .
Qt goes GPLv3 , the highest profile switch to date ( press release ) .
Linux 2.6.24 released ( announcement ) .
LWN.net celebrates its 10th anniversary on January 30 at linux.conf.au ( conference overview ) .
Nokia buys Trolltech ( press release ) .
Intel releases manuals for its graphics chipsets , in particular the 965 Express and G35 Express ( report ) .
Return to top
February
I want to do what I can to help coordinate increased cooperation between Linux distros and reduce duplication of effort .
While a lot of folks might like to portray the situation as openSUSE vs. Fedora , Ubuntu , or any other distro , I do n't see it that way -- if someone is already happily using another distro , then I consider that a win .
I want to focus on attracting people who are n't running Linux at all yet .
-- Joe " Zonker " Brockmeier
Joe " Zonker " Brockmeier named as openSUSE community manager ( announcement ) .
PostgreSQL 8.3 released ( announcment ) .
Stephen Rothwell starts the linux - next tree ( announcement ) .
The vmsplice ( ) vulnerability is found in the kernel , which allows a local user to get root ( report part 1 and part 2 ) .
For a time , there was a conflict between Open Source and Free Software evangelism .
My intent has always been for Open Source to simply be another way of talking about Free Software , tailored to the ears of business people , and that it would eventually lead them to a greater appreciation of Richard Stallman 's arguments .
-- Bruce Perens on the 10th anniversary of the Open Source Definition
Mozilla Messaging starts up operations – this is the Thunderbird spin - off ( press release ) .
The Software Freedom Law Center ( SFLC ) releases free software legal primer to help projects understand licensing and other legal issues ( primer ) .
The Linux Foundation releases Linux Standard Base 3.2 ( press release ) .
Disk encryption foiled by reading keys from RAM after a reboot – power cycling does not clear memory ( Freedom to Tinker blog ) .
Schroedinger 1.0 released , which is a reference implementation of the Dirac video codec ( announcement ) .
Microsoft announces major changes to promote " interoperability " ( press release ) .
FreeBSD 7.0 released ( announcement ) .
Return to top
March
That is not particularly important , because Linux is n't a GNU package .
If it were a GNU package , I would write to its maintainers to suggest using Bzr. -- Richard Stallman
GNOME 2.22 released ( announcement ) .
OpenOffice.org moves to LGPLv3 for the upcoming OO.o 3.0 release ( annoucement ) .
GCC 4.3.0 released , exposing a kernel bug in the process ( announcement ) .
NetBSD celebrates its 15th anniversary ( announcement ) .
I have often found it somewhat strange that mercurial does n't have more active vocal proponents .
Usually one hears from the git or bzr proponents , but not so much from mercurial .
Yet it has always had many of the advantages of both ( and , in some ways seems to have the most svn-like UI , and would seem a more natural transition for svn converts ) .
-- Elijah Newren
Mercurial 1.0 released — another distributed version control system choice ( announcement ) .
Support for Debian " sarge " ( 3.1 ) ends , three years after its release and a year after " etch " ( 4.0 ) ( announcement ) .
Solid - state disks are going to put a lot of code out of a job .
-- Andrew Morton
The first Document Freedom Day is held , proclaimed by the Free Software Foundation Europe ( announcement ) .
Harald Welte receives an award for the Advancement of Free Software bestowed by the Free Software Foundation .
( announcement ) .
Return to top
April
ISO approves Microsoft 's OOXML document format , creating two international document format " standards " ( LWN article ) .
Since 2005 , over 3700 individual developers from over 200 different companies have contributed to the kernel .
The Linux kernel , thus , has become a common resource developed on a massive scale by companies which are fierce competitors in other areas .
-- Linux Foundation white paper
The Linux Foundation releases Linux Kernel Development white paper that measures and categorizes kernel contributions ( paper ) .
OpenOffice.org 2.4 released ( announcement ) .
Adobe joins the Linux Foundation ( report ) .
Mandriva releases Linux 2008 Spring , aka 2008.1 ( press release ) .
There will always be some users who wo n't believe in Debian as an option for the enterprise just because we 're not directly backed by a large corporation , and that will be a difficult attitude to change .
However , I know of lots of companies today that will provide paid support for Debian where it 's required , and we already have a fine reputation for stability .
I think that the next trick is to start making more of a positive impact directly in the " Enterprise " space with positive press exposure and good reviews .
--
Steve McIntyre , new Debian project leader
Steve McIntyre is elected Debian project leader ( announcement ) .
Linux 2.6.25 released ( announcement ) .
Fedora board changes to community - dominated , with 5 community - elected seats and 4 Red Hat appointed ( announcement ) .
Walter Bender , co-founder and President of Software and Content , leaves OLPC , one of several recent high - profile departures from the project ( announcement ) .
Hans Reiser , creator of ReiserFS and Reiser4 , is convicted of first - degree murder ( Wired report ) .
Ubuntu 8.04 LTS ( aka Hardy Heron ) released ( announcement ) .
Return to top
May
If we simply throttled things , people would spend more time watching the shopping channel while merging smaller amounts of the same old crap .
-- Andrew Morton reflects on slowing down kernel development
OpenBSD 4.3 released ( announcement ) .
Slackware 12.1 released ( announcement ) .
There 's one thing that could convince me to change the date of the next Ubuntu LTS : the opportunity to collaborate with the other , large distributions on a coordinated major / minor release cycle .
If two out of three of Red Hat ( RHEL ) , Novell ( SLES ) and Debian are willing to agree in advance on a date to the nearest month , and thereby on a combination of kernel , compiler toolchain , GNOME / KDE , X and OpenOffice versions , and agree to a six - month and 2 - 3 year long term cycle , then I would happily realign Ubuntu 's short and long - term cycles around that .
-- Mark Shuttleworth ponders distribution synchronization
Debian OpenSSL bug creates insecure keys , causing system administrators lots of headaches ( advisory ) .
Fedora 9 is released ( announcement ) .
Gentoo Foundation returns to good standing in New Mexico ( announcement ) .
New York Stock Exchange runs mission - critical trading systems on Linux ( news article ) .
OLPC clarifies Windows plans , though it still seems rather murky ( announcement ) .
The whole ' we 're investing into Sugar , it 'll just run on Windows ' gambit is sheer nonsense .
Nicholas knows quite well that Sugar wo n't magically become better simply by virtue of running on Windows rather than Linux . -- Ivan Krstić on OLPC direction
Sugar Labs Foundation announces its existence to take the OLPC Sugar interface to the " next level of usability " ( announcement ) .
Multi-pointer support is added to X , allowing multi-touch and collaborative interfaces ( announcement ) .
Return to top
June
He is not practical .
He is a monopolist , and the current situation is that Linux is strong enough that they get documentation from most vendors , under NDAs .
That makes them like the other super power who they love to hate , and keeps all the other people trying to write operating system code third world .
And that suits their very American viewpoint just fine , I suppose .
--
Theo de Raadt on Linus et al .
The Linux - staging tree is announced , which eventually leads to these " drivers needing attention " getting added to the mainline kernel ( announcement ) .
Fedora 7 reaches end of life ( announcement ) .
Wine releases version 1.0 after 15 years ( announcement ) .
Red Hat settles object - relational database mapping patent suit with Firestar Software and DataTern , that provides licenses for all upstream projects shipped in RHEL .
( LWN analysis ) .
The Django Software Foundation launches as a non-profit to foster development of the Python - based web application framework ( announcement ) .
Nokia announces plans to open source the Symbian mobile phone OS ( announcement ) .
We , the undersigned Linux kernel developers , consider any closed - source Linux kernel module or driver to be harmful and undesirable .
We have repeatedly found them to be detrimental to Linux users , businesses , and the greater Linux ecosystem .
Such modules negate the openness , stability , flexibility , and maintainability of the Linux development model and shut their users off from the expertise of the Linux community .
-- a long list of kernel hackers
More than 150 kernel developers release a statement opposing binary kernel modules for purely technical , not licensing , reasons ( position statement ) .
HP releases the " Tru64 Advanced Filesystem " ( AdvFS ) under the GPLv2 ; while it is unlikely to be widely used , the source will be useful ( announcement ) .
openSUSE 11.0 released ( announcement ) .
NetBSD moves to the two - clause BSD license , removing the advertising clause ( announcement ) .
Mozilla releases Firefox 3 , which is downloaded 8 million times in the first 24 hours for a possible world record ( announcement ) .
Ted Ts'o switches his laptop to ext4 , which means that filesystem is getting pretty close to ready ( Ted 's blog entry ) .
Openmoko ships the Neo Freerunner , its second open - source mobile phone model .
( ZDNet coverage ) .
Xandros acquires Linspire , in a seemingly messy transaction ( Xandros CEO Andreas Typaldos ' Q&A press release , Linspire 's ex-CEO Kevin Carmony 's blog ) .
LiPS Forum and LiMo Foundation merge , somewhat reducing the number of players in the Linux mobile phone space ( press release ) .
Return to top
July
Samba 3.2.0 released and moves to GPLv3 ( announcement ) .
Barracuda Networks files countersuit against Trend Micro over patent claims against ClamAV , claiming that they are trying to protect the free software anti-virus scanner ( press release ) .
I hope we have a combined GUADEC / Akademy next year .
KDE and GNOME have been working more closely together during the past year or so and they have accomplished some good things like with dbus .
I think anytime you get great developers together , good things happen .
-- new GNOME executive director Stormy Peters
Stormy Peters hired as the GNOME Foundation executive director ( announcement ) .
Dan Kaminsky finds a fundamental flaw in DNS requiring an enormous coordinated vendor release .
He will release details in August .
( LWN coverage ) .
Gentoo Linux 2008.0 is released ( announcement ) .
Linux 2.6.26 is released ( announcement ) .
KDE and GNOME agree to a joint conference in 2009 which will incorporate Akademy and GUADEC in Gran Canaria , Canary Islands , Spain in July ( conference website ) .
I 've done everything in my power to get the patches available , no matter the platform .
But the code does n't ( always ) install itself .
While I 'm out there , trying to get all these bugs scrubbed — old and new — please , keep the speculation off the @public forums and IRC channels .
--
Dan Kaminsky asks for the impossible
DragonFlyBSD 2.0 released ( announcement ) .
Debian Lenny ( aka 5.0 ) is frozen with a release " expected " in September ( announcement ) .
VIA Technologies contracts Harald Welte as its Open Source Liaison bringing hope that VIA 's open source promises will be kept ( announcement ) .
Firefox adds support for Ogg Vorbis and Theora ( Christopher Blizzard 's blog ) .
Microsoft joins the Apache Software Foundation to promote interoperability , or so they claim ( ars technica report ) .
KDE 4.1 is released ( announcement Return to top
August
On the other hand , of course we do have an agenda to push and that agenda includes SELinux as being one of the core features of the entire Fedora line of products ( including the few enterprise linux spin - offs ) .
-- Jeroen van Meeuwen on Fedora spins
The Chandler Project reaches the 1.0 milestone after 7 years of effort ( announcement ) .
Dan Kaminsky releases details of the DNS flaw several weeks after it had been publicly disclosed ( LWN coverage ) .
The Linux Foundation publishes " How to Participate in the Linux Community " authored by a hitherto unknown kernel hacker by the name of Jonathan Corbet ( Guide ) .
The Fedora project runs into the infamous " infrastructure issues " , which were evidently some kind of network break - in , but details have yet to be released ( original announcement ) .
US Appeals Court rules that free software licenses are licenses , not contracts , in the Java Model Railroad Interface case ( LWN analysis ) .
Three MIT students are enjoined from presenting security research about Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority ( MBTA ) pre-paid cards at DEFCON .
The injunction was overturned , but not until after the conference ( EFF case information ) .
Plus it appeals to my sense of the open source way of doing things differently - a major release about getting rid of old junk not about adding more new wackiness people do n't need 8 ) -- Alan Cox advocates Linux 3.0
The Debian project is 15 years old ( history ) .
Canonical joins the Linux Foundation , last of the major commercial distributors to do so ( press release ) .
The Software Freedom Law Center releases " A Practical Guide to GPL Compliance " ( Guide ) .
Novell and Microsoft renew and expand their collaboration ( press release ) .
Return to top
September
Linux Plumbers Conference is a conference for developers working on the low level programming of Linux , including kernel , libraries , and system applications such as udev , hal , and dbus .
We came up with the name " Plumbers " because we wanted to represent these areas as basic system infrastructure which has many connections .
Plus these programs are sort of the nasty , grimy , unglamorous underbelly of the system - not unlike the pipes in your house .
Essential - but nobody wants to know they are there and everyone takes them for granted until they do n't work .
-- Kristen Carlson Accardi
The successor to Debian " Lenny " ( 5.0 ) will be " Squeeze " , continuing the " Toy Story " theme ( announcement ) .
The Google Chrome web browser is announced by way of a comic , but we are still awaiting a Linux version ( comic ) .
The GNU project celebrates its 25th anniversary with a film featuring English humorist Stephen Fry ( announcement ) .
Django 1.0 is released after three years of development on the Python - based web application framework ( annoucement ) .
North Carolina State University adds a graduate level " Open Source Software Communications " course ( Red Hat press release ) .
Red Hat acquires KVM developers Qumranet , indicating a possible eventual shift away from Xen ( press release ) .
The 2008 Linux Kernel Summit is held in Portland , Oregon , US ( coverage ) .
The first Linux Plumbers Conference is held just after the Kernel Summit ( conference web site ) .
openSUSE holds its first Board elections moving the distribution towards a more open governance model ( election web site ) .
A kernel bug in the 2.6.27 rc releases can turn e1000e ethernet cards into bricks ; it takes almost a month to track the problem down ( original LWN article and the resolution ) .
We 've come to understand that anything EULA - like is disturbing , even if the content is FLOSS based .
So we 're eliminating that .
-- Mozilla chief lizard wrangler Mitchell Baker
Mozilla 's attempt to add a EULA to Firefox for Linux is met with some resistance , resulting in the EULA plan being scrapped ( LWN coverage ) .
Rockbox 3.0 , the free firmware replacement for portable music players , is released ( announcement ) .
GNOME 2.24 is released with many improvements and new applications ( release notes ) .
X.org 7.4 is released with the XACE security framework , many new drivers , performance enhancements , and more .
( release notes ) .
The first Android phone is launched , nearly a year after Google announced its mobile phone initiative ( Reuters coverage ) .
The CME Group , who runs the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and other derivatives exchanges , joins the Linux Foundation and will chair the End User Council ( press release ) .
Gentoo cancels the 2008.1 release due to over stressing the release team ( announcement ) .
Return to top
October
That 's when you also notice that the whole US voting system is apparently expressly designed to be polarizing ( winner - take - all electoral system etc ) .
To somebody from Finland , that looks like a rather obvious and fundamental design flaw .
In Finland , government is quite commonly a quilt - work of different parties , and the " rainbow coalition " of many many parties working together was the norm for a long time .
And it seems to result in much more civilized political behaviour .
-- Linus Torvalds in his new blog
GIMP 2.6 is released ( release notes ) .
Atheros releases the source of the ath5k HAL giving every indication that they are truly opening up ( announcement ) .
LinuxCon is announced by the Linux Foundation as a new technical conference ; the first is to be held with the Linux Plumbers Conference in Portland in September 2009 ( press release ) .
Python 2.6 is released as a backward - compatible but forward - looking steppingstone to Python 3.0 ( announcement ) .
OpenOffice.org 3.0 is released ( announcement ) .
In the end , to what good is Linux in those devices ?
Definitely not to any benefit of the user .
It 's to the benefit of the handset maker , who can skip a pretty expensive Windows Mobile licensing fee .
Oh and , yes , they get better memory management than on Symbian ;)
That 's the brave new world .
It makes me sick .
-- Harald Welte on so - called Linux phones
Linux 2.6.27 is released ( announcement ) .
Mandriva Linux 2009 is released ( press release ) .
Google finally releases Android source ( code web site ) .
The Linux Foundation appraises the Linux kernel at $ 1.4 billion and the entire Fedora 9 release at $ 10.8 billion ( study ) .
The EFF marks ten years since the DMCA was enacted with a report on its unintended consequences ( report ) .
The Fedora OLPC SIG announces the Fedora Sugar spin incorporating the Sugar desktop environment onto a Fedora Live CD ( announcement ) .
Ubuntu 8.10 , aka Intrepid Ibex , is released ( announcement ) .
Return to top
November
OLPC has placed a very large bet on open source software .
In order to be successful , they need knowledgeable contributors — which Fedora has in abundance .
There may be more than a million XOs in the wild by the end of this year , and all of them will be running a remix of Fedora by default .
In Fedora , we have a responsibility to help make OLPC successful , and the Fedora community takes that responsibility very seriously .
-- Greg DeKoenigsberg
OpenBSD 4.4 is released ( announcement ) .
The Theora video codec version 1.0 is released ( announcement ) .
The FSF announces the GNU Free Documentation License 1.3 that will allow Wikipedia to relicense its content under the Creative Commons attribution - sharealike license ( LWN coverage ) .
The Low Level Virtual Machine ( LLVM ) compiler framework version 2.4 is released ( release notes ) .
I 'll write personal certificates of deposit to each awardee 's account at the Bank of San Serriffe , which is an offshore institution that has branches in Blefuscu and Elbonia on the planet Pincus .
Instead of writing personal checks , to each awardee 's account at the Bank of San Serriffe , which is an offshore institution that has branches in Blefuscu and Elbonia on the planet Pincus .
-- Donald Knuth gets tired of check fraud
Stani Michiels shows " How to make money with free software " by designing a Dutch 5 euro commemorative coin using only Python tools ( blog post ) .
Linux is ported to the iPhone ( Why iPhone Linux ? ) .
The OLPC Give One Get One program moves to Amazon for fulfillment and expands into Europe ( Amazon site ) .
The SCO case continues to not go away , even after " final " judgment — SCO appeals , of course ( Groklaw coverage : final judgment and appeal ) .
Meanwhile , 10 years and counting , the Linux kernel still generates a stupid write IO for every file read that apps do .
Fortunately hardware designers will get rid of rotating disks faster than we can fix our glaring process problems in this space - but it 's still a bit sad .
-- Ingo Molnar complains about atime
Adobe releases a 64 - bit alpha version of Flash 10 for Linux ahead of Windows or OS X ( Adobe FAQ ) .
Fedora 10 is released ( announcement ) .
The first production version of MySQL 5.1 is released though there are complaints about the process and release ( LWN coverage ) .
The Linux kernel is in " full compliance " with the US government IPv6 interoperability certification ( press release ) .
Return to top
December
The Mercurial " fast , lightweight Source Control Management system " releases version 1.1 ( release notes ) .
I expect better :
You never see me hard with time word making sentence coherent stuff .
Ever. -- Rusty Russell
Python 3.0 ( aka Python 3000 or Py3k ) is released , which is incompatible by design with Python 2.x ( Guido 's What 's New document ) .
A buggy Fedora update to D - Bus makes it impossible for users to install further updates via PackageKit ( Paul Frield 's explanation ) .
The Amarok digital music player and manager releases version 2.0 ( announcement ) .
Google releases the unlocked Android Dev Phone 1 for developers or those wanting a phone they can completely control ( purchasing info ) .
The Open Invention Network sponsors the Linux Defenders project to protect free software from patents and patent trolls .
The project is co-sponsored by the Linux Foundation and Software Freedom Law Center ( project web site ) .
It 's an interesting , science - fictiony , parallel - world story to imagine what would have happened if Richard Stallman had n't come along with the GPL .
Without Richard Stallman 's insight , I think we would have eventually got something like what we got with free software , but it would have been a very interesting muddle .
-- Vernor Vinge
The Debian project runs into problems with firmware ( again ) along with an unclear general resolution ballot which causes discord , eventually leading to the resignation of the project secretary ( LWN article about the discord and resignation letter ) .
The Free Software Foundation sues Cisco for violating the GPL in its Linksys line of routers ( LWN article ) .
Slackware 12.2 is released ( announcement ) .
openSUSE 11.1 is released ( announcement ) .
Tcl creator and longtime Benevolent Dictator John Ousterhout retires from the Tcl core team ( announcement ) .
Kernel hacker Ted Ts'o is appointed as the Linux Foundation 's Chief Technical Officer ( announcement ) .
Linux 2.6.28 is released ( announcement ) .
Security researchers exploit MD5 collisions to create a bogus SSL certificate , which allows them to spoof any site ( news article ) .
Return to top
Kent Hymel .
Photo by Daniel A. Anderson
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Commuters well versed in the physical and psychological tolls of traffic congestion can now add an economic effect to the list .
A new UC Irvine study found that places with sluggish commutes - usually an indication of economic prosperity - tend to have slower subsequent job growth .
The findings suggest that more efficient public infrastructure projects , while costly , can spur local economic growth .
Kent Hymel , a UCI doctoral candidate in economics , published his research online in the Journal of Urban Economics .
He studied data on traffic delays in major metropolitan areas in the U.S. between 1982 and 2003 .
He observed that increases in vehicle use far outpaced expansions in highway capacity , resulting in high levels of congestion .
While studying the causes of traffic congestion , Hymel became increasingly interested in measuring its broad economic costs .
“ In our current economic climate , policymakers are concerned with creating jobs and taking steps to sustain long - run employment growth , ” Hymel said .
“ My study shows that reducing congestion - itself a desirable outcome - can help achieve that goal and revitalize urban economies . ”
Hymel analyzed the amount of extra time drivers spent on freeways each year due to congested conditions estimated the potential benefits of various transportation policies .
He found that if freeway capacity in the Los Angeles metropolitan area ( including Long Beach and Orange County ) had increased by 10 percent in 1990 , an additional 50,000 jobs would have been created in the region by 2003 .
Public infrastructure spending is expected to boom in a Barack Obama administration , as the president looks at massive public works programs to resuscitate the nation ’s ailing economy .
Hymel encountered some difficulty measuring the impact of traffic congestion on job growth since the two tend to go hand in hand .
“ Workers cause traffic jams just by driving to work every day , but at the same time , congestion discourages job growth by raising the cost of doing business , ” Hymel said .
“ Individuals will demand higher wages to compensate for longer commutes .
Also , slow traffic harms businesses by increasing the cost of shipping goods . ”
Hymel ’s research should inspire policymakers to think more creatively about reducing congestion , including the possibility of increasing toll roads , congestion tolls and other options that require people to pay for the true cost of driving .
“ There are no simple solutions to the problem of traffic congestion , ” he said .
“ New roads are very expensive and are not likely to reduce congestion levels . ”
To view Hymel ’s study , visit : webfiles.uci.edu/khymel/www/files/ hymel_job_market.pdf .
Provided by University of California , Irvine
Explore further Amazon plans to put 1,000 warehouses in neighborhoods
WASHINGTON  The Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that evidence obtained from an unlawful arrest based on careless record keeping by the police may be used against a criminal defendant .
The 5 - to - 4 decision revealed competing conceptions of the exclusionary rule , which requires the suppression of some evidence obtained through police misconduct , and suggested that the court ’s commitment to the rule was fragile .
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. , writing for the majority , said that the exclusion of evidence should be a last resort and that judges should use a sliding scale in deciding whether particular misconduct by the police warranted suppressing the evidence they had found .
“ To trigger the exclusionary rule , ” Chief Justice Roberts wrote , “ police conduct must be sufficiently deliberate that exclusion can meaningfully deter it , and sufficiently culpable that such deterrence is worth the price paid by the justice system . ”
The US Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) and the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) should make official statements about declining non OPEC - 12 oil production to renew the focus on oil conservation and alternative energy sources .
Non OPEC - 12 oil production peaked in 2004 at 46.8 million barrels / day ( mbd ) shown in the chart below .
This oil definition includes crude oil , lease condensate , oil sands and natural gas plant liquids .
If natural gas plant liquids are excluded , then the production peak remains in 2004 but decreases to 42.1 mbd .
Non OPEC - 12 Total Liquids Production
The definition of oil used by the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) includes bio-fuels , processing gains and other liquids derived from natural gas and coal .
While the IEA warned in July of last year that non OPEC - 13 total liquids could peak in 2010 , it now appears that non OPEC - 12 total liquids peaked in 2007 .
Total liquids production in 2008 was slightly lower than 2007 due to Gulf of Mexico hurricanes and production outages in Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan .
Unfortunately , Azerbaijan forecasts its oil production to grow by 2 % or only 0.02 mbd in 2009 over 2008 due to oil field production problems and lower oil prices .
Similarly , Kazakhstan 's 2009 production forecast has been revised downwards to growth of only 0.07 mbd , representing a 5 % increase over 2008 production .
There is recent increasing concern about non OPEC peaking in 2007 .
In February 2009 , Merril Lynch stated that non OPEC total liquids production may have already peaked in 2007 .
Colin Campbell 's January 2009 newsletter is forecasting that non OPEC production has passed peak in 2007 , excluding bio-fuels .
Halliburton also believes that non OPEC production may have peaked in 2007 as indicated by a statement from their Q4 2008 earnings call transcript : " Non-OPEC production fell in 2008 and is likely to decline in 2009 .
Russia , which accounted for the majority of the increase in non-OPEC production in the past decade contracted in 2008 and will likely do so again in 2009 . "
The forecast below shows a non OPEC total liquids peak of 50 mbd in 2007 which exceeded 2004 total liquids due mainly to exponential growth in bio - fuel production from countries such as the USA and Brazil .
It is assumed that production from non OPEC bio-fuels will continue increasing .
However , according to a recent statement by Archer Daniels Midland , 20 % of US ethanol production capacity has been shut down due to weak demand and poor margins .
Consequently , US ethanol production will probably not increase until oil prices increase , marking an end to the unsustainably high US ethanol growth rate .
Non OPEC - 12 Total Liquids Production to 2012 - click to enlarge
Non OPEC - 12 Crude Oil , Lease Condensate and Oil Sands Production
Neither the EIA nor the IEA have stated that non OPEC crude oil , lease condensate and oil sands production has peaked in 2004 .
These government agencies will probably make official statements acknowledging this 2004 peak by the end of the year as key non OPEC producer Russia has stated that its production is in decline now .
Russian production could fall by 8 % from 2008 to 2013 .
Russian crude and condensate production has fallen from 2007 at 9.44 mbd down to 9.36 mbd in 2008 .
Continuing decline in Russia means that non OPEC crude , condensate and oil sands has passed its peak in 2004 .
Non OPEC deepwater oil production from the USA Gulf of Mexico and Brazil has increased significantly since the mid 1990s .
Unfortunately , production from the USA Gulf of Mexico peaked at just over 1.7 mbd in June 2002 and has been in steady decline .
Brazil 's production should increase to late 2009 , followed by a bumpy production plateau for several years .
The Gulf of Mexico Thunder Horse field should be producing over 0.2 mbd of oil soon .
However , the annual decline rates of mature fields in deepwater regions such as the Gulf of Mexico are about 20 % .
Overall , additional deepwater oil production capacity from Brazil 's Santos basin and offshore Ghana should ensure that total non OPEC - 12 deepwater oil production remains on a peak plateau for at least five years .
There are simply too many non OPEC countries with declining production which cannot be offset by increasing production of about 0.50 mbd in 2009 from non OPEC countries including Australia ( 0.04 ) , Azerbaijan ( 0.02 ) , Brazil ( 0.19 ) , Canada ( 0.10 ) , Kazakhstan ( 0.07 ) , Sudan ( 0.04 ) and Vietnam ( 0.04 ) .
Production declines in 2009 from Mexico ( 0.24 ) , Norway ( 0.21 ) , UK ( 0.19 ) and Russia ( 0.26 ) are expected to be about 0.90 mbd which is greater than the 0.50 mbd increase .
Consequently , I am forecasting non OPEC - 12 crude , condensate and oil sands production to be 41.0 mbd in 2009 , 0.3 mbd down from 2008 and 1.1 mbd down from the 2004 peak of 42.1 mbd .
The annual decline rate is expected to increase in 2010 because Australia , Brazil , Sudan and Vietnam are not expected to provide a production increase .
Next , I decided to send emails to the supply forecasters and senior executives at the EIA and the IEA asking the following question .
Do you think that non OPEC - 12 crude oil , lease condensate and oil sands production has passed its peak five years ago in 2004 at 42.1 mbd ?
The IEA 's response , after several emails , was very poor .
The only response was to refer me to their publications of which Table 11.1 from the IEA WEO 2008 has some useful data points .
Non OPEC - 13 crude and condensate production data was given for years 2000 , 2007 and 2015 .
Indonesian production was added to these data to get Non OPEC - 12 crude and condensate for these three years .
Data from the IEA 's Oil Market Report was used to estimate production for the missing years from 2001 to 2006 and 2008 .
Historic oil sands data were also sourced from the IEA WEO 2008 .
Based on these estimates , the IEA data show a crude , condensate and oil sands production peak in 2004 of 41.7 mbd , as in the chart below .
The EIA 's answer to the question was that " the non OPEC - 12 production path when considered in the context of market events does not support the conclusion that non OPEC - 12 production peaked in 2004 .
We have not seen the future data points yet . "
Nevertheless , the EIA provided an historical and forecast data extract for non OPEC - 12 crude , condensate and oil sands production from their Annual Energy Outlook 2009 Early Release .
Similar to the IEA data , a crude , condensate and oil sands production peak is shown also in 2004 at 42.1 mbd .
The EIA projections are more optimistic than the IEA .
Notwithstanding the recent suspension of many oil sands projects , the EIA 's optimistic oil sands projection is 1.9 mbd in 2010 and 2.8 mbd in 2015 .
The December 2008 report from the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers ( CAPP ) titled Interim Update : 2008 - 2020 Western Canadian Crude Oil Forecast projects lower oil sands production of 1.5 mbd in 2010 and 2.4 mbd in 2015 .
If CAPP 's oil sands data were used in the chart below then the EIA crude , condensate and oil sands forecast would show a decline from 2008 to 2015 rather than a bumpy plateau .
The CAPP forecast will probably need to be revised further downward as the IEA is now forecasting oil sands production for 2009 at 1.34 mbd which is 0.10 mbd less than the corresponding CAPP number .
Non OPEC - 12 Oil Production to 2015 based on Forecasts from the EIA and IEA - click to enlarge
Both the EIA and the IEA continue to forecast increasing non OPEC total liquids supply as shown by the EIA STEO and IEA WEO 2008 .
However , non OPEC - 12 crude , condensate and oil sands production has almost certainly passed peak in 2004 .
If the EIA and the IEA were to make official statements agreeing with this 2004 peak then this should help raise awareness of decreasing oil production and potentially increase the focus on oil conservation and alternative energy sources .
As non OPEC - 12 production decreases there will be a much greater dependence upon OPEC which will strengthen its market position .
I urge everyone to send emails to the EIA and the IEA asking the question below which might persuade them to make official statements acknowledging this 2004 production peak .
Do you think that non OPEC - 12 crude oil , lease condensate and oil sands production has passed its peak five years ago in 2004 at 42.1 mbd ?
Relevant EIA email addresses can be found on this EIA contact page and those for the IEA on the Oil Market Report contact page .
Drummond 's family had been torn apart by heroin abuse A man who said he stormed into a drug dealer 's home and flushed heroin down a toilet has been jailed for two months .
Peter Drummond claimed he took the law into his own hands after hearing that his brother - in - law had been to John Nellies ' flat to buy drugs .
He threatened to kill Nellies at the home in Blairgowrie before flushing away five bags of heroin on Sunday .
He later admitted to police that he should not have done it , but said that heroin dealers were ruining his family .
Drummond was reported to police by another addict who it was said turned up at the flat looking to buy heroin but was told to get out and sworn at by Drummond .
He immediately confessed to officers .
He told them : " Over the last six or seven months my whole family has been in hell .
My brother - in - law is on smack and he is getting it from the people there .
" It was a spur - of - the - moment thing .
I should n't have done it but these people are ruining my family by supplying heroin .
Jailing him for what he did is ridiculous .
It is a ludicrous decision
Thomas Brown
Friend " It is causing a family crisis and everyone is going through hell .
Things have been so bad that I lost it and decided to try and stop the drug dealing going on .
" I know I have done wrong .
I 'm sorry .
I know I went about things the wrong way , but things just got on top of me . "
Solicitor Steve Lafferty , defending , asked for his client to have his punishment limited to a fine due to the " quite unusual " circumstances of the case .
However , Sheriff Robert McCreadie ignored the plea for mercy and said : " If you were concerned about matters you should contact the police , not enter a house and threaten to kill someone .
You ca n't take matters into your own hands the way you did . "
Drummond shook his head in disbelief as he was jailed for two months for breach of the peace .
Outside court , family friend Thomas Brown said : " Jailing him for what he did is ridiculous .
It is a ludicrous decision .
" Heroin is killing the community and I know for a fact that it has been tearing Peter 's family apart .
He should n't have done what he did , but at the same time he was only trying to help his sister .
" I think what happened today is outrageous . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
when Henry David Thoreau retreated to the woods , he famously told his readers that he wanted “ to front only the essential facts of life . ”
What he did n’t say is that he also wanted to front the essential facts of his ambition .
It was at Walden Pond where Thoreau , an original slacker , finally became a writer .
He finished his account of a canoe ride with his brother , A Week on the Concord and Merrimack Rivers , and wrote the first draft of Walden , the book that made his name .
After 150 years , Walden endures as a monument to frugality , solitude , and sophomore - year backpacking trips .
Yet it ’s Thoreau ’s ulterior motive that has the most influence today .
He was one of the first to use lifestyle experimentation as a means to becoming a published author .
Going to live by the pond was a philosophical decision , but it was also something of a gimmick .
And if you want to land a book deal , you gotta have a gimmick .
Recently , with “ green living ” having grown into a thriving and profitable trend , the sons and daughters of Thoreau are thick on the ground .
Not many retreat to the woods anymore , but there are infinite ways to circumscribe your life : eat only at McDonald ’s , live biblically , live virtually , spend nothing .
Is it still possible to “ live deliberately ” ?
What wisdom do we take away from our postmodern cabins ?
The most notorious neo-Thoreauvian might be Colin Beavan , a 45 - year - old New Yorker better known as No Impact Man , and even better known as The Man Who Does n’t Let His Wife Use Toilet Paper .
That last detail was the highlight of a 2007 New York Times profile of Beavan , which portrayed how he , his wife , and their two - year - old daughter were attempting to live in downtown Manhattan with zero “ net impact ” on the environment .
This goal involves eating only organic food grown within a 250 - mile radius , composting inside their small apartment , forgoing paper , carbon - based transportation , dishwashers , TV , and adhering to whatever new austerities Beavan dreams up .
Naturally , Beavan is hoping his no impact experiment has maximum impact .
Like Thoreau , who , after all , was living on Emerson ’s land , Beavan is well connected .
He has a book contract .
His wife ’s friend has made him the subject of her documentary film , and he has a website , where people praise his boldness and question his motives .
One commenter , Naysayer , speaks for the cynical : “ Well , you ’ve found your ticket to fame and fortune .
Just undergo a period of time where you are inconvenienced ( but plenty of exceptions ) then cash in with book and movie deals , then speaking engagements around the globe . ”
And then there are those whom Beavan has simply annoyed : “ For the next year , I will be your polor [ sic ] opposite , ” writes Full Impact Woman .
Unlike his deadly earnest spiritual mentor , though , Beavan views his project with an ironic distance , telling the Times , “ Like all writers , I ’m a megalomaniac .
I ’m just trying to put that energy to good use . ”
Beavan can be overbearing , but every ascetic choice implies a critique of those who are n’t following the same path : I am giving up my car , therefore you are a selfish , earth - destroying auto addict .
Also , extreme conservation — not flushing the toilet , not showering , and the like — can turn people off to conserving at all .
Thoreau took it on the chin from Robert Louis Stevenson , who wrote of him , “ So many negative superiorities begin to smack a little of the prig . ”
The critique of Beavan is the same .
These men have walled themselves off in a little hothouse of their own ego .
They are not living courageously and independently in the real world , nor could they if they tried .
Fair points , but what ’s the alternative ?
Every decision to try to live differently starts with a little showmanship .
So the self - deprivation author must tread lightly : Bear witness to my extreme example , but realize that I ’m just like you .
Judith Levine , who charts her Year Without Shopping in Not Buying
It , manages this balance gracefully .
She goes on a spree before the pledge begins , and keeps in touch with her imperfection throughout .
Yes , there is the thrifty virtue in resisting the latest , expensive fashions , but not buying also means becoming a cultural recluse .
“ An informed person like me needs to see new art , new films , ” Levine writes , longing for all the movies passing her by .
She and her partner Paul discover that to subsist on free entertainment is to read dusty library books and endure bad performance art .
Levine does experience the joyful liberation from stuff , and she temporarily gets off the hedonic treadmill .
Yet she also admits that to not consume anything is to become a burden to friends , to feel old , and to develop an unholy craving for Q - tips .
Inspiration for these books can arrive in ridiculous ways .
Mary Carlomagno , the author of Give It Up ! : My Year of Learning to Live Better With Less , launched her self - denying quest this way : “ While reaching for my black sling backs , an avalanche of designer shoeboxes hit me squarely on the head . ”
Gotcha .
She spends a month each giving up different things : alcohol , elevators , newspapers , multitasking , cursing , cell phones , and coffee .
( Coffee is a common enemy in these books , including Walden . )
Carlomagno is a less rigorous self - denier than most — the height of her deprivation is to give up dining out for a month .
Yet she arrives at the same destination as do her peers : reading more poetry , taking longer walks .
While most of these authors accessorize their quests with some larger purpose , Sara Bongiorni , the author of A Year Without “ Made in China ” : One Family ’s True Life Adventure in the Global Economy , decides to boycott China simply to “ see if it can be done . ”
( See our own experiment in buying American . )
Her book is marred by a faint jingoistic tone and a deadening obviousness .
Guess what ?
A lot of the stuff in your house comes from China !
( But not Hungry Hungry Hippos , apparently . )
Toward the end of her year , Bongiorni debates whether to extend her pledge , but concludes , “ A Christmas without Chinese gifts under the tree looms like a date with the executioner . ”
Never has an attempt at conscientious consumption so missed the point .
In all of these self - deprivation experiments , there comes a moment when self - denial becomes self - defeating .
An Internet entrepreneur from San Diego named Dave Bruno has received a lot of back pats for his “ 100 Thing Challenge , ” a goal to limit his possessions to that magic number .
It ’s a useful thought experiment , but do shoes count as one thing , or should each shoe count as a separate item ?
The point — how much crap do you really need ? — can quickly get lost in the details .
Ascetics often become distracted by the rules or take things too far .
Consider the fervent subculture of people who try to live plastic - free lives .
Another perfectly worthy goal , but then you stumble upon advice like this on the blog PlasticLess.com : “ Get a Vasectomy : Children are the target market for pointless plastic stuff .
Most temporary forms of birth control involve some plastic packaging . ”
( Uh , okay . )
I do n’t mean to throw cold water on earnest self - improvement .
But maybe we should set about such tasks in a way that does n’t reek of personal branding .
Thoreau , after all , left the cabin behind , which earned the respect of Robert Louis Stevenson : “ When he had enough of that kind of life , he showed the same simplicity in giving it up as in beginning it .
There are some who could have done one , but , vanity forbidding , not the other ; and that is perhaps the story of hermits ; but Thoreau made no fetish of his own example . ”
While that does n’t mean not writing a book , it may mean not letting the rigor of your experiment get in the way of the lessons .
All of these writers have good advice for our economically perilous and environmentally precarious moment .
Not many , however , were permanently changed by their yearlong experiments .
The authors of Plenty : One Man , One Woman , and a Raucous Year of Eating Locally welcome lemons and beer back into their house .
Judith Levine is thrilled to buy new socks and starts to consume again , albeit in a more deliberate way .
The ultimate lesson of the new Thoreauvians seems to be that change is rarely drastic .
We must strive for continuous , daily , incremental improvement toward whatever social , environmental , and economic goals we deem important .
That path wo n’t land you on Morning Edition , but it might just get you to floss , recycle , grow your own food , sit in the dark , air - dry yourself , take daily walks , and read more poetry .
Which puts us back where we started : Walden Pond , 1845 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A cat wandered onto the set of a live weather forecast by Germany 's leading meteorologist Joerg Kachelmann .
Kachelmann had just started his two - minute forecast when the cat appeared - but he scooped it up and finished his forecast .
BRUSSELS 
The European Union is preparing to impose trade duties on biofuels imported from the United States to prevent American producers from putting European producers of biodiesel out of business , diplomats said Monday .
Biofuels are developing into a big business , with sales of about 8 billion euros , or $ 10 billion a year , in Europe .
Imports of biodiesel from the United States total about 1 billion euros .
The European Union and the United States subsidize their biodiesel industries .
But European producers complain that their counterparts in the United States benefit twice : from subsidies by the federal government to produce the biodiesel and from subsidies granted by individual European governments when the fuel is sold on the Continent .
Peter Power , the spokesman for the European trade commissioner , Catherine Ashton , said the normal procedure in such trade disputes  after the European Commission proved that goods had been sold below cost and that European industry had been harmed  was to impose provisional duties .
He said that any definitive measures , lasting five years , would need approval by European governments by summer .
Emily Dickinson once advised : “ Tell all the Truth but tell it slant . ” Evidently the New York Times ’ headline writers are taking advice from the enigmatic poet .
The headline on the story on how the Obama administration will be going easy on banks and bankers getting bailout money blamed it all on the Treasury Secretary : “ Geithner Said to Have Prevailed on the Bailout . ”
In internal administration battles , Geithner “ successfully fought against ” stricter rules on executive pay , and beat back the attempts to replace top maangement .
Of course , to say that Geithner won these battles is to say that Obama agreed with him .
Once again , the embodiment of hope and change went with the status quo when he did n’t really have to .
There would have been little political price to pay for putting the screws to the banksters .
And it looks like the Treasury and the Fed will pump up some $ 250 - 500 billion to help hedge funds buy bad assets – with the FDIC guaranteeing the buyers against losses .
At this point , the only thing that makes any sense is to nationalize the weakest banks , kick out management , wipe out the shareholders , clear the decks , and start over with a tightly regulated system .
This is n’t even all that radical a position anymore – and it may be inevitable , if these sick and devious “ public - private partnership ” schemes do n’t work out , which seems likely .
There is a radical nationalization position – take the banks over and convert them to public institutions – but I know that ’s completely out of the question with this gang .
But they ’re doing absolutely everything they can to avoid even an orthodox nationalization .
This is looking more and more like Japan ’s disastrous indulgence of their “ zombie banks ” in the 1990s than Sweden ’s successful bailout , the model for the “ nationalize them and clear the decks ” approach .
Instead of a few rough years , we ’re likely to get a miserable decade .
They ’ve botched the stimulus , and they ’re botching the financial rescue .
They ’re worse than I expected , and I was n’t expecting much in the first place ( see : Obamamania , a febrile disease ) .
He shot her in the face before stepping over her and using one or two semi-automatic handguns to spray bullets around the house , where about 25 people , including many children , had gathered for the party .
— James Saft is a Reuters columnist .
The opinions expressed are his own —
Why not just play by the existing rules and rescue the economy , rather than the banks and their foolish shareholders and counterparties ?
The choice for the Obama administration comes down to this : pay a subsidy to weak banks and reward failure and self - dealing or shut them down and start over again .
Because it does n’t want to run the banks , and who can blame it , my bet is that the U.S. government will go the subsidy route , but it would be wrong .
A better idea is nationalization of the banks that can’t function combined with fresh capital for lending , perhaps in new institutions or newly managed ones built from the wreckage of the failed .
As Nobel prize winning economist Joseph Stiglitz points out , the United States has an existing process to deal with failed banks .
“ You have to have a certain amount of capital and if you do n’t have enough capital you are going to be shut down .
We have a legal framework and we should use that legal framework , ” he said in an interview on Saturday at the World Economic Forum in Davos .
“ What you need to do is carve out the narrowest thing that you need to carve out to preserve the payment mechanism .
We are engaged in re-writing the rules and the question is : ‘ For whose benefit ? ' ”
Both bondholders and derivative counterparties — people who entered into a contract with a bank for payment if certain external things happened , such as the default of a third party — look to be the big winners in preserving the existing banks .
I would also be very interested to see where the cash from bailouts of banks and their complex international obligations flows .
It seems to me pretty possible that in rescuing banks , you are bailing out their derivative counterparties , channeling cash to many people and institutions who were speculating , who took risks on the strength of the bank counterparties they were using but who had no contract with the U.S. government for these risks to be insured .
Many of them inevitably will be abroad and some may be unsavory .
The political fallout could be huge .
The argument in favor of this particular bailout is that , as we saw in the aftermath of the Lehman failure , the knock on effect will magnify the impact of the crisis .
But really , this is about how you want to take your pain , and who will bear it rather than how much .
NOT BAD BANKS BUT DEAD BANKS
And it ’s not just that wiping out failed institutions would be fairer , it would also be more successful .
So long as house prices are falling , efforts to prop up banks through insurance will very likely be swamped by future losses .
Let the FDIC or Federal Reserve take over the weak and even , as Stiglitz has proposed , take a big chunk of the money you would otherwise spend and use it to capitalize a new bank or several new banks with clean balance sheets .
Those banks could take $ 150 billion or so and leverage it very easily but conservatively , thus allowing for more than a trillion of new credit .
Keep management at arm ’s length from government and sell it back to the private sector in three years or so .
They wo n’t be best banks the world has ever known , but they will beat the ones we have now hollow .
In the meantime the bad assets of failed banks could be managed separately , in much the same way the Resolution Trust did with assets of failed savings and loans .
There is also an elegance in the barbell proposal of Nassim Nicholas Taleb , the author of “ The Black Swan : The Impact of the Highly Improbable , ” to nationalize the banks , limiting them to utility functions like payments and simple deposits , but twin them with an utterly unregulated sector with no recourse to government insurance or support of any kind .
“ They rigged the game .
We pay them for their profits , there is no clawback so their incentive is to hide the risk they are taking , ” he said in an interview in Davos .
“ Which is why eventually , ( speaking ) as someone who loves free markets , a total nationalization of the part of the business that requires insurance and does clearing and payments needs to happen .
“ I am angry with U.S. policy .
What we had is exactly the opposite of socialism , they got TARP to pay their bonuses and to take more risk . ”
It is true that if you let large banks go down and do n’t bail out their counterparties many other banks may fail , including banks outside the United States .
Mitigating that — and that ’s the best we can hope for — will take coordination , but those failures do n’t change the basic issue .
Who has a call on the resources of the state and whose claims should take priority ?
I do n’t think it ought to be derivative speculators , shareholders or bondholders .
Get in line .
— At the time of publication James Saft did not own any direct investments in securities mentioned in this article .
He may be an owner indirectly as an investor in a fund .
For previous columns by James Saft , click here . —
Snapple , the iced tea company that 6 years ago made a $ 166 million deal with NYC for exclusive distribution to public schools and city - owned building vending machines , along with an “ official beverage of New York City ” label , is changing : redesigned bottles ( label and all ) will hit stores early next month .
More importantly , it was announced yesterday , corn syrup will disappear from Snapple ’s list of ingredients , and will presumably no longer be welcome on the Snapple campus .
The drink will henceforth be sweetened with sugar .
It ’s not immediately clear whether or not Snapple will retain a monopoly over borough vending machines ; the company ’s product placement deal with the city apparently has gone the way of a “ reject if button is up ” clause .
“ Some city agencies refused to accept Snapple vending machines , ” the Times recapped in 2006 , but not wholly for anti-consumerist reasons .
“ In other places , machines could not fit in narrow or short corridors , or could not be plugged in because there was no electrical outlet nearby . ”
Illustration by Peter Schrank
LAST summer , on the Atlantic coast of France , Charlemagne was introduced to a fine beach game : building big sand - walls near the shoreline in the face of a rising tide .
It is a more thought - provoking activity than building sandcastles , with a nice melancholic tinge .
The walls last a surprisingly long time , resisting the lapping tide with the help of energetic patching and fresh buckets of dry sand .
But when they fail , they fail quickly .
It takes just two or three big waves to signal doom : once water flows behind the defences , even the thickest ramparts are swift to collapse .
European efforts to resist the rise of the English language have now reached the same point .
The latest Anglo - surge comes from the European press , with a dramatic increase in the number of heavyweight publications launching English - language websites , offering translated news stories and opinion pieces .
English - language publications aimed at expatriates and tourists have been common for years .
But the new development involves big , established national journals , whose bosses want to be more visible in English .
Der Spiegel , a German newsweekly , has founded a pan-European “ network ” linking up such websites .
A Dutch daily , NRC Handelsblad , joined a few months ago , followed by Politiken from Denmark .
The trio are in talks with newspapers in France and Spain .
They are eager to expand into eastern Europe , though the credit crunch is likely to slow progress ( an online English edition can cost half a million euros a year in translation fees ) .
Beyond this network , a non-exhaustive trawl finds English - language websites of big newspapers in Germany , Italy , Finland , Greece , Spain , Romania , Poland , Bulgaria and Turkey .
Many are recent ventures .
Editors ' motives are a mix of idealism and commercial ambition .
Bosses at Spiegel have a political dream to create a platform where “ Europeans can read what other Europeans think about the world , ” says Daryl Lindsey , who runs the magazine 's international edition .
But an English presence is also a “ calling card ” when pitching to international advertisers .
It has proved helpful to journalists seeking interviews with world leaders .
Kees Versteegh of NRC Handelsblad talks of creating a European “ demos ” , but also admits to frustration at publishing some “ very fine pieces ” in Dutch that the rest of the world never notices .
The evidence points to the imminent collapse of the European Union 's official language policy , known as “ mother tongue plus two ” , in which citizens are encouraged to learn two foreign languages as well as their own ( ie , please learn something besides English ) .
Among Europeans born before the second world war , English , French and German are almost equally common .
But according to a Eurobarometer survey , 15 - to - 24 - year - olds are five times more likely to speak English as a foreign language than either German or French .
Add native speakers to those who have learnt it , and some 60 % of young Europeans speak English “ well or very well ” .
This is a clear win for English .
But paradoxically , it does not amount to a win for Europe 's native English - speakers .
There are several reasons for this .
Start with a political one .
European politicians long feared that the use of English in the EU would lead to the dominance of Anglo - Saxon thinking .
They were wrong .
The example of newspapers is instructive : thanks to English ( and the internet ) , a genuinely pan-European space for political debate is being created .
It has never been easier for other Europeans to know what Poles think about the credit crunch , Germans about the Middle East or Danes about nuclear power .
English is merely “ an instrument ” , says Mr Versteegh of NRC Handelsblad , not “ a surrender to a dominant culture . ”
There is a second reason why Anglophones are not about to dominate European debate : they do not want to .
British readers have access to an unprecedented range of news and ideas from Europe in their mother tongue .
They show little interest .
Only 5 % of Spiegel International 's readers are from Britain ( though half are from North America ) .
In recent years , British newspapers have withdrawn staff reporters right across Europe , and not only to save money .
Britain 's daily newspapers are less and less interested in European politics and policy .
Light , sensational stuff is what editors choose for publication , plus tales of British tourists and expatriates in trouble ( a genre known as “ Brits in the shit ” ) .
Why bother ?
Such parochialism may be linked to a fall in language - learning , accelerated since 2003 , when foreign languages became voluntary in England and Wales for pupils over 14 .
That robs them of such benefits as the humility and respect for others that come from learning another language .
But given the rise of English , it is rational , says Philippe van Parijs , a Belgian academic .
Under his “ maxi- min rule ” , Mr van Parijs observes that speakers at EU meetings automatically choose the language that excludes the fewest people in the room .
They do not use the language best known , on average , by those present ( which in some meetings will still be French ) .
Instead , they seek the language that is understood , at least minimally , by all .
Thanks to EU enlargement to the east ( and poor language skills among British and Irish visitors to Brussels ) , this is almost always English .
That means Britons find it ever harder to justify learning other languages .
Even when they do , they have to speak other languages extremely well to avoid inflicting halting French , say , on rooms of fluent English - speakers .
And it carries other costs .
In Brussels , native English - speakers are notoriously hard for colleagues to understand : they talk too fast , or use obscure idioms .
Mr van Parijs has a prediction : Europeans will become bilingual , except for Anglophones , who are becoming monolingual .
In other words , just when the British should be happy , some nasty storm clouds are gathering .
You could say it sounds rather like a day at the British seaside .
I could n’t help but to post the latest news on the science of the “ wiggle walk ” — a study that shows that trained experts can tell if a woman has vaginal orgasms based on her gait .
As discussed in - depth in BLONDES , much has been made of the way women walk .
For instance , the wigglier the walk , the curvier the woman , and — surprisingly — the more likely she is not to be ovulating .
And now there ’s more .
In the current study , sixteen Belgian woman provided a history of their sexual behavior , including the ability to have vaginal orgasms from intercourse alone , and then were videotaped walking in a public place .
Two sexologists and two sexologists - in - training , all of whom were unaware of the women ’s sexual histories , were asked to guess which women could achieve vaginal orgasm .
Judging from the way the women swiveled and sashayed , the experts were accurate about 80 percent of the time .
What is it about the saunter of a vaginally orgasmic woman that gives her away ?
The answer , according to the researchers , Aurelie Nicholas and Stuart Brody , involves differences in stride length and vertebral rotation .
Easily - orgasmic women have a gait that “ comprises fluidity , energy , sensuality , freedom . ”
Whether it ’s due to unimpaired , unlocked pelvic muscles that release the flow of energy — or simple sexual self - confidence — remains to be seen .
Personally , I think it ’s all interesting , but I ’d like to see a bigger n here : 16 women and 4 sexologists is a tiny study .
Plus , if there ’s something to it , would the gaits be distinctive to the “ untrained ” eye ?
Reminds me of what I was told when I was thirteen years old .
I spent a summer picking tobacco with a crew of farm workers who insisted they could tell whether a woman is a virgin based on her walk .
Those guys also taught me how to spit .
Cigarettes To Go ' Under The Counter '
Cigarettes are to disappear from view across all NI 's shops .
The Health Minister , Michael McGimpsey has confirmed plans to remove cigarette displays in shops in a move to prevent underage access .
The move is said to be a further step aimed at reducing the level of smoking amongst children and young people in Northern Ireland and reflects plans recently announced in England and Wales .
Northern Ireland was included in the Department of Health ( London ) consultation on future tobacco controls in May 2008 .
The proposals to remove tobacco displays in shops , and for tough action to restrict access to vending machines , received strong support .
Confirming the proposals , the Minister said : " Following the introduction of the ban on advertising and promotion of tobacco , retail displays have grown in size and prominence .
" Research has shown that young people are particularly susceptible to tobacco marketing at point of sale and are more likely to take up smoking as a result of exposure to such marketing .
I feel that it is time to put a stop to this .
" My goal is to protect children from smoking and I believe that this is a strong opportunity to do just that , " he said , noting that smoking is a life - threatening habit .
Once approved , the Department and local councils will work with relevant organisations in order to provide support , and to minimise any burden on business .
The Minister continued : " The new measures will also impact on vending machines which are currently a common and easily accessible source of cigarettes for young people .
" I plan to use the change in legislation to further restrict access to these machines by those aged under 18 .
" Sinn Féin MLA for West Belfast and Member of the Health Committee , Sue Ramsey has welcomed the move by the Health Minister to remove cigarette displays by 2010 .
" I recently wrote to the Health Minister to enquire whether or not the legislation brought through Westminster would be extended .
" I welcome the fact that the Executive have now approved this measure and hope that it will pass through the Assembly with ease , " she said .
( BMcC / JM )
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
Just for the record ,
I will be at the Starbucks on the corner of 34th and Walnut
in Philadelphia tomorrow around 7 - ish .
Just thought I 'd throw that out there .
EDIT : Before there 's any misunderstanding , I should probably say
that I will not actually be at the Starbucks ... unless of course
you 're the SnorgTees Girl ... in which case I 'll be sitting in the
far corner wearing a blue baseball cap reading the latest issue
of Wired ... but not really .
I just opened the 500th Cabal ticket !
What , you mean there 's no prize ?
I 'll ignore the possibility that this is a sign that Cabal is full of bugs and take the positive view that 500 tickets is a sign of an active , useful project .
Nobody bothers complaining about useless projects .
As it happens , the 500th ticket is not a bug but an idea for a project .
There are over 1,000 packages on Hackage now and the question is how many of them can be installed simultaneously ?
This is not just an idle statistic .
If two packages cannot be installed with consistent dependencies then it is unlikely that you can use both together in your next project .
That is of course a wasted opportunity for code re-use .
The idea is if we can work out the set of packages on Hackage that can all be installed together consistently then we can mark package pages with that information .
Basically we would be handing out brownie points .
Hopefully we can also influence maintainers of other packages to adjust their dependencies so that their package can also join the happy collection of packages that can all agree on their dependencies .
Actually calculating the maximal set of consistent packages is a bit tricky .
It is almost certainly NP - complete in general but in practice is probably doable and we can probably live with approximations .
In fact it might make quite a good Haskell.org Google Summer of Code project .
If you are interested , get in touch .
" He just ca n't help himself . "
So says one of Stephen Harper 's long - time acquaintances , wryly noting the Prime Minister has few friends .
As Harper struggles to contain the national psychodrama he sparked , the amateur psychoanalysis is reaching a fever pitch .
No less a political sage than former Progressive Conservative prime minister Brian Mulroney has privately told at least two of his vast network of friends that he is disappointed in the man who was briefly his protegé .
Several sources told the Star that Mulroney , virtually excommunicated from the federal Conservatives over the lingering Airbus scandal , is flabbergasted over Harper 's tactical blunder last week and not just because it recalled Joe Clark 's miscalculation that cost the Tories power in 1979 .
Mulroney 's tutelage , especially his shrewd counsel on the electoral realities of Quebec and Ontario , helped sweep the Conservatives into office in 2006 .
But in the subsequent estrangement comes this assessment :
" There 's always been this concern that Harper believes he 's the smartest guy in the room and that , no matter what , he 's never wrong , " confides the Harper acquaintance ( who 's also a Mulroney friend ) .
In interviews with federal associates of Harper , past and present , a picture emerges of a bright and driven man who does not take dissenting counsel especially well and is prone to profane outbursts .
" The people around him , the stable , has generally been bred for obedience , so that 's what you get , " says a confrere .
Another insider agrees " there 's no question the Prime Minister rules by fear , " which is not always productive .
" At some point , you know , you get up every day and you get kicked in the balls and , you know what , you get tired of it .
So when people stop fighting back , I 'm telling you , that 's a most dangerous , dangerous , dangerous day , " he says .
It was Harper who insisted that the Nov. 27 economic statement be used as a political weapon to bludgeon the Conservatives ' foes .
While sources claim his chief of staff , Guy Giorno , and Finance Minister Jim Flaherty – seasoned veterans of government at Queen 's Park – were less hawkish , the Prime Minister , ever the chief strategist , was convinced the provocative measures could withstand any challenge from the three opposition parties .
Harper was sure the Liberals , mired in a leadership contest , and the NDP and Bloc Québécois could never unite against him .
" Why let a good crisis go to waste when you can use it to hobble your opposition ? " says a party insider .
That 's how Flaherty wound up deriding " the free ride for political parties " last week and pledging to eliminate their $ 1.95 - per-vote funding subsidy .
That would have crippled the Liberals and the Bloc ( to say nothing of the Greens ) .
Flaherty also vowed to " temporarily " suspend the right to strike of federal public servants and curb their ability to make pay - equity appeals through the courts , an anathema to the NDP .
And if that were not enough , there was no significant economic stimulus package to match what other countries have been implementing .
After that triple - whammy enraged and emboldened the Liberals , NDP and Bloc , the Tories retreated last weekend , but the coalition government - in - waiting had already been forged .
Conservative MPs this week publicly supported Harper 's sharp criticism of the NDP - Liberal coalition , and prominent ministers such as Environment Minister Jim Prentice and Transport Minister John Baird took their message to the media .
Some , like Public Safety Minister Peter Van Loan , voiced support for Harper .
But inside and outside the party , Harper was being blamed for precipitating the storm .
" It 's not that he 's never made mistakes before .
He actually has made a number of them , but ... there 's always been handy staff to blame it on , " says a Tory .
" The big difference here is that the big flaming pile of s--- is squarely ... at his doorstep . "
Sources say Harper was visibly shaken earlier in the week , angrily flouncing around his Langevin Block office , eyes reddened and battling a bad cold exacerbated by a lack of sleep .
He has displayed that almost adolescent blend of petulance and stubbornness before in his political life .
During the 2004 election campaign , the Conservative war room issued a news release suggesting then Liberal prime minister Paul Martin " supports child pornography . "
Instead of immediately retracting and apologizing for the over - the - top attack , Harper stuck to his guns .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The controversy contributed to his defeat and Harper descended into a summer - long " funk , " sulking about the outcome even though he had propelled the fledgling united Conservatives to the brink of government by reducing an 11 - year Liberal majority to a minority .
The Prime Minister regained his stride late Monday .
Infuriated by the Liberal - NDP - Bloc signing ceremony on Parliament Hill , he was in fighting form at the Conservatives ' Christmas party that night , rallying dispirited MPs and staffers .
He further recovered with an unrepentant videotaped address to the nation Wednesday night and a successful plea Thursday to Governor General Michaëlle Jean to have Parliament suspended .
Yet even though he bought his government time until Jan. 26 , his loyalists worry that he has done himself irreparable harm .
" He truly is ... politically brilliant , but he 's also pathologically partisan .
So he just can't help himself .
It 's a deadly combination .
You know that you 're a smart guy and you 're pretty sure you can outsmart everybody and you never miss an opportunity to poke an opponent in the eye , " says an insider .
An acquaintance agrees Harper 's partisan blinders are self - destructive .
" He cannot abide by the Liberals .
He finds them indecisive , he finds them pandering , he wants to destroy them .
He can't help himself – he just can't help himself . "
Liberal MP Ken Dryden ( York Centre ) echoed that sentiment in the Commons on Wednesday .
" He can not stop himself .
He has this pathological inability to put aside politics – too bad for him and for all of us , " Dryden said .
Indeed , Harper 's hubris led to the disastrous decision to cut $ 45 million in arts funding before the Oct. 14 election , which resuscitated the Bloc , costing the Tories Quebec seats and any chance of a majority .
One associate rejects the charge from some Liberals and New Democrats that Harper is an unwavering neo-conservative hampered by his ideological rigidity .
" He is a pragmatist .
There is some ideology there , of course , but he 's always looking ahead , " he says , emphasizing that the Nov. 27 economic statement seemed like a good idea at the time .
" You can screw the Liberals in the process and show leadership – and on paper the Conservatives are taking the biggest ( funding ) hit so you can certainly sell it to the public , " the associate says , adding the change would have cost the Tories $ 10 million , the Liberals $ 7 million , the NDP $ 5 million and the Bloc $ 3 million .
" But what he underestimated was just how bad off the Liberals actually are financially .
If they did n't have that money , the banks would be in the next minute . "
The fallout within the Prime Minister 's Office has not been pretty .
" He is a yeller and certainly longshoremen could take language lessons from him .
The backrooms are blue but it's not cigar smoke ; it 's four - letter words , " says a Tory .
" I 'm sure this is killing him in some ways .
If he does n't turn it around , if he does n't pull it out of the fire then ... he goes down rivalling Joe Clark for the biggest boneheaded move in Canadian history . "
Still , the fact that so many Conservatives would speak out about Harper only if their identities were protected is telling .
" That 's an indication that people are n't quite willing to count him out just yet , " says one such Tory .
" He 's still jumping around saying , ' I 'm not dead yet . ' "
Even if he is , as another party insider admits , " he 's not Superman any more . "
Read more about :
A foiled suicide attack by two rebel aircraft shook this seaside capital Friday , bringing what should be the final phase of a grinding civil war closer to home .
But the latest show of defiance by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) has done little to change the facts on the ground in the north , where their dwindling forces are cornered and outgunned .
Having overrun several rebel towns and bases , Sri Lankan troops are now pressing into a narrow strip of land on the northeast coast where the rebels are holed up .
At least 70,000 civilians trapped by the fighting have become pawns in the military endgame .
In recent weeks , international pressure has mounted on the LTTE to allow them to leave .
Tens of thousands have already fled the war zone and been put in military - run camps , but aid workers warn of a humanitarian crisis for those left behind unless they can be evacuated .
Uneasy fight to the end
As fears mount of a violent climax to a decisive battle in a 26 - year war , few expect the LTTE to run up a white flag .
A more likely scenario , say government officials , Western diplomats , and political analysts , is a messy fight to the death .
Such an outcome runs the risk , they say , of creating potential martyrs for a future rebellion by minority Tamils , particularly if peace fails to bring justice to the war - torn north .
" Polarization and disaffection among Tamil people is enormous .
This lays the seeds for continued conflict , " says Jehan Perrera , executive director of the National Peace Council , a nongovernmental group in Colombo .
Government officials warn that the LTTE may turn to urban terrorism if they lose their last territorial stronghold in the Tamil - dominated north .
Residents in Colombo , where even short drives already run a gantlet of military and police checkpoints , say they are wary of a return to suicide bombings , an LTTE hallmark .
But Friday 's air attacks came as a surprise , particularly as the military had said earlier this month that it had overrun all the LTTE 's northern airstrips .
Electricity was cut across the city as antiaircraft batteries fired at the incoming turbo - prop planes , which the military later said had been loaded with explosives and were intended to crash into two Air Force installations .
One downed plane instead ploughed through the 10th floor of a downtown tax office , from where rescuers pulled out mangled strips of metal painted gunmetal gray .
Another plane was shot down near an Air Force base north of the city .
Both pilots died , as well as two civilians apparently hit by antiaircraft shells .
" I do n't think it says the Tigers are any stronger on the ground .
But it does say they have command and control capacity , " says Alan Keenan , an analyst for the International Crisis Group .
Resistance in the east
In another reminder of the shifting threat , suspected LTTE gunmen killed at least 21 villagers in eastern Sri Lanka on Saturday , the Ministry of Defense said .
The government declared victory in the east in 2007 , but observers say new pockets of resistance may emerge in the aftermath of a defeat in the north .
With independent monitors barred from the area of fighting , there is wide disagreement on the number and fate of civilians there .
UN officials last month said around 250,000 people were affected , but government officials say these figures are vastly inflated and have been further reduced by the escape of 36,000 people in recent weeks .
Human Rights
Watch estimates that 2,000 people were killed and 5,000 injured in the latest month of fighting , and accused the military of shelling civilian areas , including hospitals .
It also condemned the LTTE for shooting and intimidating those who try to leave and for forcibly recruiting children to fight .
Sri Lankan officials have poured scorn on these and other claims of widespread civilian casualties and accused the LTTE of shelling safe zones set up for fleeing civilians .
They also say the military has taken care not to rely on heavy guns in populated areas and is taking greater casualties by engaging rebel fighters in close combat .
Military officials have refused to release updated casualty lists , however .
UN head of humanitarian relief John Holmes told reporters Saturday at the end of the three - day trip here that he was concerned about the " significant number of people being killed and injured every day " ; and urged both sides to exercise restraint .
But he refused to be drawn on casualty figures or the discrepancy over the number of displaced people at risk .
UN officials and aid workers say privately that claims of large numbers of civilian deaths from Army bombardments are accurate .
Some are also suspicious of the government 's insistence on revising down the numbers of those affected , as it may blur any independent attempt in future to account for the missing and dead .
Any negotiated end to the war hinges on Prabakaran , the veteran leader of the Tigers whose personality cult and paranoia have eliminated all rivals .
" The leadership is Prabakaran .
It 's a collective term for one person , " says a Western diplomat .
Last month , the Army chief speculated that he had fled the country , but officials believe he is still here .
A photo posted over the weekend on pro-rebel websites showed him posing with the two purported pilots of the suicide planes .
There is so much fog and uncertainty — much of it intentionally injected into the debate — about the different moving parts of the Stimulus Bill .
But some of the broad outlines are arresting and straightforward .
We ’re hearing all this talk about the staggering size of the bill .
And it is a staggering amount of money .
But according to Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research , the amount of demand that the financial crisis is pulling out the economy is likely to be between $ 1.1 and $ 1.2 trillion this year ( and that is not a controversial estimate ) .
The Stimulus Bill ( which , remember , is $ 800 + billion over two years ) would try to compensate for that drop off with about $ 400 billion of spending and tax cuts .
How efficiently the money is spent , how quickly and so forth — all very good questions .
But judged in these terms you start to see how the real question is whether any bill of that size is enough .
David Kurtz and Baker discuss the issue in today ’s episode of TPMtv .
LOS ANGELES , Jan. 27 ( UPI ) -- U.S. scientists say they are attempting to build neurons from carbon nanotubes to emulate human brain function .
" At this point we still do n't know if building a synthetic brain is feasible , " said University of Southern California Professor Alice Parker .
" It may take decades to realize anything close to the human brain , but emulating pieces of the brain -- such as a synthetic vision system or synthetic cochlea that interface successfully with a real brain -- may be available quite soon , and synthetic parts of the brain 's cortex within decades . "
Advertisement
She said the challenges of creating a synthetic brain are staggering .
Unlike computer software that simulates brain function , a synthetic brain will include hardware that emulates brain cells , their amazingly complex connectivity and a concept Parker calls " plasticity , " which allows the artificial neurons to learn through experience and adapt to changes in their environment the way real neurons do .
Currently , the scientists are creating mathematical models that accurately reflect the connections of all the neurons and demonstrate how the connections allow neurons to communicate with each other .
" It 's a non-linear phenomenon and almost impossible to model , but that 's what we 're attempting to do , " Parker said .
The research is funded by the National Science Foundation .
I , Anonymous Once-a - Day Valtrex Is Not Enough to Suppress Your Ego
Stop with all the fucking self - pity and woe - is - me bullshit , you self - absorbed twat .
Guess what ?
You totally deserved to get herpes .
Not because you made a reckless decision and let a random dude go down on you without protection , but because you 're so fucking full of yourself ( plus , your reasons for said reckless decision were vaguely racist ) .
In fact , I can't think of a single person more deserving of getting herpes than you , with your overinflated ego and lack of self control .
I am sick of hearing about all the boys you hook up with and the " adorable " things they say .
I know you know I 'm not interested — you actually have to ask me to ask you about what happened with so - and - so , and I still never do .
Just so you know , a blank look means " get the fuck out of my room , it 's three in the fucking morning , " NOT " please spend the next hour and a half telling me every excruciating detail of your life . "
If I have to have one more conversation about how herpes is affecting your sex life , I am going to punch you in the ovaries .
And FYI , calling yourself a make - out slut is not cute , especially not when the reason you 're not a real slut is because you do n't want to admit to anyone that you have herpes .
Restricted Python provides a restricted_compile function that works like the built - in compile function , except that it allows the controlled and restricted execution of code :
>>> src = ''' ... def hello_world ( ) : ... return " Hello World ! " ... ''' >>> from Restricted Python import compile_restricted >>> code = compile_restricted ( src , '< string > ' , ' exec ' )
The resulting code can be executed using the exec built - in :
>>> exec( code )
As a result , the hello_world function is now available in the global namespace :
Everyone , I am going to write this post really fast because Ray sent me his secret recipe for Microwaved Broccoli With Cheese On
It and I really need to go try it right now .
- Alex
In Stop Preventing the Future ! , I promised to talk about sane deprecation policies .
I want to digress for this entry to give one more explanation of why keeping up with the future is important .
I believe that software under active maintenance should get easier to work with over time .
I realize that that statement contradicts the direct experiences from many , if not most , software projects .
We use the term " legacy software " to imply something old , crufty , broken , and difficult to maintain .
( When I use the term " legacy software " , I mean " software without a future " or " software not receiving maintenance " .
The difference is subtle .
Perhaps I should post about that , too . )
One of the persistent problems of project management is predicting the costs of change .
One of the persistent temptations of Big Planning Up Front design methods comes from the idea that change is expensive , and it gets more expensive over the lifetime of a project .
While I agree that this rule is true for many projects , I believe it 's a symptom of other problems , and not the source of those problems .
( I also have trouble taking seriously any project without a systemic automated testing plan and regular refactoring .
Do you people even care about your source code ? )
I can't count how many bugs there are in Perl 5 programs because the return value of system ( ) is a C - style return value , not a Perlish return value .
Should someone have designed that API correctly from the start ?
Probably -- but that did n't happen .
If someone had changed it in Perl 5.6 in 2000 , it could have prevented a decade of those bugs .
Would that change have been painful ?
Probably .
Is the pain of a single , well - informed change greater than the pain of uncountable multitudes of bugs ?
I doubt it .
Consider a more positive example .
Perl 5.10 changed a diagnostic message such that when you use an undefined value in a catenation or interpolation , Perl reports the name of the variable containing undef .
This is a tremendous benefit to debugging -- but it changes the format of a warning on which existing code may have relied .
In this case , Perl 5.10 is easier to work with , because a common warning is much , much easier to debug .
It 's a small change , but it 's the kind of small change you quickly grow to rely on , similar to the strict pragma telling you that you 've made a typo in a variable name .
Sure , it only helps prevent silly little bugs , but the less time I spend chasing silly little bugs , the more time I have to solve real problems .
No one knows how much DarkPAN code parsed the text of the old warning .
Maybe none .
Maybe thousands of programs .
Changing all of them may be a daunting task .
Maybe it 's worth it .
Maybe it 's not .
Saving a few seconds of debugging time for a million Perl programmers is definitely an improvement .
That 's what confuses me about the reticence to make other , larger improvements .
The design choices of Perl 5.000 ( released on October 17 , 1994 ) are sunk costs .
We can't go back in time and fix them .
We can only fix them in modern versions of Perl , such as 5.10.1 and newer .
The question is whether we should .
In my mind , that 's not even a question .
If Perl is n't getting easier to use or generally better over time , why bother to release new versions ?
Why maintain it ?
Yes , change can be painful ... but keeping up with modest changes on a predictable schedule makes it tolerable .
The amount of changes you can make to a project you 're maintaining is limited by the amount of work you can do in a day anyway .
Why not keep up with the present , and stop preventing the future ?
AUSTIN , Texas ( CNN ) -- Former President Bill Clinton was in Austin , Texas , over the weekend to host the Clinton Global Initiative University , which encourages college students and administrators to come up with creative ways to address global issues .
Former President Bill Clinton praises the Obama administration 's handling of the stimulus bill .
CNN 's John Roberts sat down with Clinton to ask him about how the Obama administration is performing , how his wife , Hillary Clinton , is doing as secretary of state , and what responsibility he may have for the current financial crisis .
John Roberts : Mr. President , in terms of the overall economic downturn , Time magazine had an article out this week in which it named 25 of the people most responsible for the economic downturn , and you were there .
They , they had a picture of you in what looked like a police lineup .
They had a little button where you could vote who 's the most responsible ?
They pointed to your signing of the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act , the Commodity Futures Modernization Act .
I wonder what you think about that .
Former President Bill Clinton : I think that the only thing that our administration did or did n't do that we should have done is to try to set in motion some more formal regulation of the derivatives market .
They 're wrong in saying that the elimination of the Glass - Steagall division between banks and investment banks contributed to this .
Investment banks were already ... banks were already doing investment business and investment companies were already in the banking business .
The bill I signed actually at least puts some standards there .
And if you look at the evidence of the banks that have gotten in trouble , the ones that were most directly involved in there ... in a diversified portfolio tended to do better .
Some of the conservatives said that I was responsible because I enforced the Community Reinvestment Act , and they said that 's what made all these subprime mortgages be issued .
That 's also false .
The community banks , the people that loan their money in the community instead of buying these esoteric securities , they 're doing quite well .
Watch Clinton defend his economic record »
Roberts :
So what 's your take on what Sen . [ John ]
McCain said , that [ President ]
Obama is off to a terrible start ?
Clinton : I just disagree with him , but we have a different economic philosophy .
For example , there 's 100 economic studies which show that you get a better return in terms of economic growth on extending unemployment benefits or investing money in energy conservation jobs to improve buildings than you do giving people in my income group a tax cut .
But it does n't stop them .
Those guys are on automatic .
You punch a button and they give the answer they give you .
There are a lot of tax cuts in that bill -- for middle - class families , for lower - income families .
There 's a $ 7,500 tax credit that will kick in when these plug - in electric vehicles go on the market , which could help us to become the world 's leader in that and secure us jobs for a decade or more .
Roberts :
Do you really think the president can change Washington ?
Can he bring the type of change to Washington that he campaigned on ?
He 's already up against a wall against the Republicans in Congress -- not quite as big a wall as you found yourself up against in 1993 , but he does seem to be having some difficulty .
Do you think he really can bring change to Washington ?
Clinton on ' King ' Bill Clinton weighs in on President Obama , his wife ’s new role and much more .
Tomorrow / Tuesday , 9 p.m. ET on CNN see full schedule »
Clinton :
Here 's what I think will happen .
I think that as we go along , if the American people stick with him and if he begins to have good results , then I think more and more Republicans will cooperate with him because they will see that he 's right or because he carried their states or for any number of reasons .
Roberts :
How long do you think he has ?
Clinton : First , his next big challenge is to come forward with the details of how we 're going to rewrite as many home mortgages as we can .
How we 're going to take some of these bad assets off the banks ' books so they can get cleaned up and they can loan money and what conditions will we give more money to banks for .
In other words , they 're going to have to loan money from now on .
That 's what [ Treasury ]
Secretary [ Timothy ]
Geithner is working on .
Those three things make a lot of sense .
That 's our long - term answer .
Roberts :
But how much time do you think he has ?
A hundred days , six months , a year , two years ?
Clinton :
The public , I believe , will support him at least for a year in trying to work these things out .
And he 's been very straight forward in saying it might take as much as two years for the economy to really get in gear again .
My instinct is it will happen a little quicker than that .
Roberts :
What do you think of the job that President Obama did on steering the stimulus plan through Congress , and does he in fact have the experience necessary to be a good president , reach across party lines and craft a bipartisan bill ?
Clinton :
Well first of all , he has reached across , and it takes two to tango .
I find it amazing that the Republicans who doubled the debt of the country in eight years and produced no new jobs doing it , gave us an economic record that was totally bereft of any productive result are now criticizing him for spending money .
You know , I 'm a fiscal conservative , I balanced the budget , I ran surpluses .
If I were in his position today , I would be doing what he 's doing .
Why ?
Because the problem with the economy is the housing decline led to the general decline in values .
Assets are going down .
This stimulus is our bridge over troubled waters till the bank reforms kick in .
He did the right thing , he did everything he could to get Republican support .
He took some of their tax - cutting ideas .
But if you look at this bill , it is designed do three things .
And it does all three .
It puts money in the hands of people who need money to survive -- unemployment benefits , food stamp benefits , tax cuts .
Second thing it does is to give money to state and local governments so they do n't have to lay a million people off or raise taxes .
Either one would be bad for the economy .
The third thing is it does is create new jobs .
Given the Congress he had and the environment and the speed with which they had to move , I think he did a fine job with this .
Roberts :
Your wife is on a big trip over to the Far East , talking with the leaders of China .
She 's going to be taking on the North Korea issue .
There 's been some talk in the last week that with the appointment of all of these high profile envoys , from Richard Holbrooke to South Asia , George Mitchell to the Middle East , Dennis Ross in the same area , Vice President Joe Biden out there talking about foreign policy , that maybe she might get a little bit elbowed out here when she it comes to the big projects .
Are you concerned about that ?
Do you talk to her about that ?
Clinton : No . I 'm not concerned about it .
And these envoys are her idea , both the idea of the envoys and the people who were selected .
She thinks that Joe Biden has got one of the best foreign policy minds and certainly some of the most important foreign policy experience we 've had .
Let me remind you when I was president , Al Gore had special relationships with both Russia and South Africa .
And it did n't undermine the authority of either Warren Christopher or Madeleine Albright as secretary of state .
The reason they 're doing this , and the reason the president agreed to support it -- and he came to the State Department to support the announcements of Holbrooke and Mitchell -- is that they all want to get off to a fast start and you 've got to do a lot of things at once .
It 's inconceivable that she could devote the time and detailed attention right now to having a diplomatic strategy for Afghanistan and Pakistan that exactly parallels the military strategy that [ the head of U.S. General Command ] Gen . [ David ]
Petraeus has or figures out how to start the Middle East peace negotiations again and what the timetable is and do all this other stuff .
So as long as they 're working on a team and nobody is playing sharp elbows and this is a team -- these guys have got a team concept .
The president has made it clear he wants everybody to be on the team , they all report in to her as well as to him .
They 're all working together .
I 'm very impressed by that .
I think that she made a judgment that we needed in the country 's interest to do everything at once .
And I think she 's right .
Clinton says U.S. envoys are part of a team »
Roberts :
Of course , bilateral relations between the United States and China , a big focus of your administration , did you talk to her at all about this trip ?
Clinton : Sure I did .
Just like she consulted with a lot of people , we talked about it .
I told her what my take on the Chinese is and especially in light of the fact that I work there now in AIDS , I have a big AIDS project there .
And I know how they think economically and I think she 'll do quite well there .
I think she made a really good decision obviously , she had to go to Japan and south Korea , but going to Indonesia , the word 's biggest Muslim country , sends a loud signal because Indonesia has a part of it , Bali , which is predominantly Hindu , which has been the subject of terrorist attacks .
It 's a good deal , I mean the whole thing , it 's the right place to start .
Roberts : A couple of real quick questions , what president do you think you 're most like ?
Clinton :
Well , personally , I 'm not sure .
One guy wrote a book saying I was most like Thomas Jefferson , but the times in which I governed were most like Theodore Roosevelt .
And the results I received were similar .
He had enormous success , the country was better off when he quit than when he started , but several of the things he recommended were not actually done until his cousin , Franklin Roosevelt , became president more than 20 years later .
I think a lot of things that I recommended in terms of health care reform will come to fruition now that we have more modern Democratic Congress and a new Democratic Congress and the Obama administration there .
I 'll be surprised if we do n't get health care reform and some of the things I recommended .
I 'm excited about it .
All About Bill Clinton • HIV and AIDS • U.S. National Economy
“ That was quick , ” said Adam Ostrow in Mashable .
Yesterday , Facebook was trying to soothe users who feared that changes to the social networking site ’s rules meant it could do whatever it wanted with customers ’ photos and videos , even after they stopped using the site .
Now , CEO Mark Zuckerberg says in a blog post that Facebook will revert to the old rules .
“ Smart move . ”
“ Phew , ” said Ben Popken in The Consumerist , “ now we can all go back to sending each other digital cupcakes without Big Brother watching us . ”
Zuckerberg ’s earlier promise that Facebook would n’t share anybody ’s information in ways they would n’t want was soothing , but that “ benign ” philosophy was n’t reflected in the legal language .
“ It 's good to see it now will be . ”
Do n’t be fooled by Facebook ’s “ back flip , ” said Duncan Riley in The Inquisitr .
The protests forced Facebook to give in , but this is n't the " user victory " many people think it is .
Facebook is promising it wo n't resell your content if you leave the site , but " the crux of the problem remains , " because Facebook still says it has the right to do what it wants with your information .
·
PHOTOS !
Here are pictures of Alexis Phifer , Kanye West ’s ex finance .
Two years ago , then finance Alex Phifer opened her line at Fashion week .
“ GHITA ” was an instant smash for Phifer , a Los Angeles FIDM graduate .
Ghita premiered with a Spring 2008 Fashion
Week splash that was a huge hit .
At the time Kanye West credited Phifer for giving him a sense of fresh style .
The couple dated for six years before splitting for good in 2008 .
Amsterdam plans ' cannabis clean up '
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The mayor of Amsterdam is trying to close down half the city 's cannabis cafes and prostitute windows to reduce crime like money laundering and people trafficking .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
The row over the working of the European Union 's emissions trading scheme intensified last night when EDF Energy warned that speculators risked turning carbon into a new category of sub - prime investment .
Vincent de Rivaz , the chief executive of the UK arm of the French - owned gas and electricity group , said politicians and regulators needed to revisit the way the ETS was working and whether it was bringing the results they wanted .
" We like certainty about a carbon price , " he said .
" [ But ] the carbon price has to become simple and not become a new type of sub - prime tool which will be diverted from what is its initial purpose : to encourage real investment in real low - carbon technology . "
Green campaigners have long been critical of the way the emissions trading scheme was set up , but it is unusual for a leading industry figure to cast doubt on it , as power companies lobbied hard for a market mechanism to deal with global warming .
" We are at the tipping point where we ... should wonder if we have in place the right balance between government policy , regulator responsibility and the market mechanism which will deliver the carbon price , " said de Rivaz .
De Rivaz 's comments came as Tony Hayward , chief executive of BP , emphasised that a predictable global carbon price was important because it would make " vast numbers of alternative energy sources competitive " .
He told the World Economic Forum in Davos that certainty over carbon emissions would help " solve the world 's energy problems " .
Their comments came days after the Guardian revealed that steelmakers and hedge funds were cashing in ETS carbon credits obtained for free , causing the price of carbon to plunge .
The price of carbon has slumped from € 30 a tonne to below € 12 , leading to a tail - off in clean - technology offset projects in the developing world .
The EU 's emissions trading scheme was set up as a market solution to cut greenhouse gas pollution from industry .
Polluters were issued with permits that can be traded between companies and countries as a way of encouraging an overall reduction in carbon output .
However , companies are now cashing them in .
Up to € 1 bn - worth of permits are said to have been sold off in recent months as companies see an opportunity to bring in funds at a time when their carbon output is expected to fall due to lower production .
De Rivaz said an over - reliance on markets without tougher safeguards was responsible for the financial turmoil that has sent banks into administration or forced sale .
He believed there had been a " lost sense of values " and he was anxious that this should not extend into the energy sector , but was not prepared yet to call for a carbon tax to replace the ETS .
Point Carbon , an information provider and consultancy , claims the sell - offs are only one of a number of factors influencing carbon prices and argues it is " rational " for them to be selling off credits .
" Recession in Europe is bringing a slowdown in manufacturing , meaning less production and less emissions , " said Henrik Hasselknippe , global head of carbon at Point Carbon .
" Companies are doing exactly the rational thing in these circumstances , which is to sell if they are long on credits .
If they are emitting less then they do not need the credits so much and the price of carbon will fall . "
However , Bryony Worthington , an expert on climate change and founder of sandbag.org.uk , said : " What should have been a way to kick - start investment in much needed low - carbon , efficient technologies is now a cash redistribution exercise . "
A study commissioned by the WWF environmental organisation from Point Carbon , published in March last year , estimated that " windfall profits " of between € 23bn and € 71bn ( £ 20.9 bn -£ 64.4bn ) would be made under the ETS between 2008 and 2012 , on the basis that the price of carbon would be between € 21 and € 32 .
Up to € 15bn could be made by British companies that were given credits they did not need .
One of the most intriguing cabinet appointments in the Obama administration was the choice of Steven Chu to head the Department of Energy .
What could possibly result from mixing a Nobel Laureate with a sprawling federal agency ?
That question has gained added significance as Obama 's stimulus package was structured to provide funding for energy efficiency , renewable power , and electric grid improvements .
A partial answer was given on Thursday , as Chu announced a wholesale revamping of the DOE 's protocol for disbursing funding , one that 's designed to get agency - supported projects started sooner rather than later .
The Department has existing programs that include direct funding , direct loans , and loan guarantees , and applications for these programs had been organized in a manner analogous to most research grants , where there is an application deadline followed by a review period .
That 's gone — there will no longer be any deadlines , and evaluation will start when the application is received , an approach the DOE is calling " rolling appraisals . "
A review of the process has also resulted in a significant reduction in the paperwork required for an application ;
Chu is also adding staff to the evaluation process in order to reduce the time needed before funding decisions can be made .
The changes will mean that applications currently in the loan guarantee pipeline will start seeing money as early as the end of April .
New applications that are looking for a piece of stimulus money , should they be approved , will begin seeing the cash flow early in the summer , if all goes as planned .
" These changes will bring a new urgency to investments that will put Americans back to work , reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil , and improve the environment . "
Secretary Chu said in a statement announcing the changes .
" We need to start this work in a matter of months , not years — while insisting on the highest standard of accountability . "
The Department is also revising how some of the funding programs are structured in order to avoid up - front fees as much as possible .
Some of the costs will now be distributed across the life of the guaranteed loans , and applicants will be given the opportunity to shift the fees to when the loan is closed .
Most of these changes will only require Chu to consult with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget , but a few will require legislative approval .
It 's difficult to imagine a lack of support for paperwork reduction , but it remains possible that political interests could make approval more challenging than it probably should be .
Given the aggressive schedule for getting the money flowing , there 's probably not much room for error , though .
If all goes as planned , the DOE estimates that 70 percent of the stimulus money can be disbursed by the end of next year .
Both the reforms and allocation of the stimulus money will be overseen by a newly appointed Senior Advisor , Matt Rogers .
Rogers focused on petroleum when employed as a consultant in the private sector , but joined the Obama transition team in a role that saw him focus on the use of renewable energy .
To actually function as a stimulus , the money needs to be spent sooner rather than later , and the proposed changes appear designed to do just that ;
Chu appears confident that the process can be streamlined while still remaining sufficiently rigorous to avoid questionable projects .
The true test of his administrative abilities will be whether he can get the employees of the agency to feel the same sense of urgency that he apparently does .
Can dairy help you absorb less fat ?
In a study conducted in Denmark it has been observed that the more calcium you include in your diet the less body fat you will have and the less you will weigh .
Can this really be true ?
Is n’t cheese the enemy of every conscientious dieter ?
Perhaps not .
We took the Truth about Food team to Denmark to meet the scientists behind the study to see if it really worked .
According to the science , compared to a low - calcium intake a high calcium intake increases the excretion of fat in the faeces .
This means the more dairy calcium you include in your diet the less fat will be absorbed by the digestive system .
" a high calcium intake increases the excretion of fat in the faeces "
In our study we tested our group on both diets .
Week one was a diet high in calcium ( 2000 mg ) and week two a low calcium diet ( 500mg ) .
Crucially , both diets had an identical calorific content and were calculated to have the same fat content .
Amazingly on the high dairy calcium diet twice the percentage of fat our subjects ate came out in their stools to when they were on the low calcium diet .
So , when you eat dairy products not all their calories count - great news for cheese lovers , although not an excuse to start the docelatte diet , high fat diets can still lead to obesity .
Take a look at some Takeaway Tips on how to be slim .
The test was conducted by Professor Arne Astrup ( and two of his research students – Nathalie Bendsen and Anne- Louise Hother Nielsen ) , head of Human Nutrition Department , Royal Veterinary and Agricultural University , Copenhagen , Denmark .
On Tuesday , members of the 111th Congress convened in Washington .
Over the next two years , the 535 men and women of the House and Senate will introduce , consider and vote on a range of issues , from an economic stimulus package to confirmation of President - elect Barack Obama ’s cabinet nominees .
So it ’s an appropriate time to announce the release of our Congress API , which lets developers access information about Congressional representatives and their votes .
The initial release exposes four types of data : a list of members for a given Congress and chamber , details of a specific roll - call vote , biographical and role information about a specific member of Congress , and a member ’s most recent positions on roll - call votes .
The four work together , so you can start by retrieving a list of members , find the one (s ) you ’re interested in and then fetch additional details through other calls .
We built this service to work with other publicly available data sources , so you can identify members of Congress with a seven - character code from the Biographical Directory of the United States Congress .
For individual member responses , we included the numeric ID assigned by GovTrack , a free and open - source service that monitors legislative activity .
Our data comes directly from the U.S. House and Senate Web sites , and is updated throughout the day while Congress is in session .
We use Hpricot , an HTML parser for Ruby , written in C , to parse both the XML produced by the House and the HTML displayed on Senate.gov , and we use the ar- extensions plugin for Ruby on Rails which extends ActiveRecord to speed the bulk loading of records .
We also parse some information from THOMAS , the Library of Congress Web site .
Our database contains House votes since 1991 and Senate votes since 1989 .
House members are from 1983 and Senate members date back to 1947 , thanks to a compilation of data organized by MIT ’s Charles Stewart .
For individual votes , we ’ve calculated a majority position for the two major political parties , along with an absolute vote margin .
We display that information along with other details such as the total votes by party , the outcome and , where applicable , bill information .
For details on requests and responses , see the documentation .
Just as it ’s early in the 111th Congress , this API is in its beginning stages , and we have other types of information we plan on adding .
Let us know what would be useful to you .
Did you know that by applying certain effects to your voice in Audacity , you can sound dramatically different and take on a character of your own .
To do this , first highlight your vocal track and then follow the instructions below to generate each effect :
1 . If you 'd like to sound like ... a robot
Click on the Effect Menu and then Delay ...
and then Change the Decay amount to 10
to Change the Delay time to 0.009
to Change the Number of echos to 30
to Click OK
Click on the Effect Menu again
again Click Repeat Delay
Repeat this 5 times or more if necessary
Listen to this example :
Download Creating_a_robot_voice_in_Audacity.mp3
2 . If you 'd like to sound like ... a demonic spirit
Click on the Edit Menu and then Duplicate
and then Highlight the second track
Click on the Effect Menu and then Change Pitch ...
and then Change the Semitone ( half - steps ) to -1
to Click OK
Highlight the first track
Click on the Edit Menu and then Duplicate
and then Highlight the third track
Click on the Effect Menu and then Change Pitch ...
and then Change the Semitone ( half - steps ) to - 5
to Click OK
Click on the Effect Menu and then Bass Boost ...
and then Click OK
Drag the Gain slide on the left of the third track to +3DB
on the left of the third track to Highlight the second track
Click on the Effect Menu and then Echo ...
and then Change the Delay time ( seconds ) to 0.1
to Change the Decay factor to 0.6
to Click OK
Listen to this example :
Download Creating_a_demonic_voice_in_Audacity.mp3
3 . If you 'd like to sound like ... a chipmunk
Click on the Effect Menu and then Change Pitch ...
and then Change the Percent Change to 100
to Click OK
Listen to this example :
Download Creating_a_chipmunk_voice_in_Audacity.mp3
4 . If you 'd like to sound like ... a telephone operator
Click on the Effect Menu and then High Pass Filter ...
and then Change the Cutoff frequency to 1015
to Click OK
Click Repeat Delay
Repeat this 5 times or more if necessary
Click on the Effect Menu and then Amplify
and then Click OK
Listen to this example :
Download Creating_a_telephone_voice_in_Audacity.mp3
5 . If you 'd like to sound like ... you are in a concert hall
Click on the Effect Menu and then GVerb
and then Change the Roomsize ( m ) to 40
to Change the Reverb time ( s ) to 20
to Change the Dry signal level ( dB ) to 0
to Change the Early reflection level ( dB ) to - 10
to Change the Tail level to - 30
to Click OK
Listen to this example :
Download Creating_a_concert_hall_effect_in_Audacity.mp3
6 . If you 'd like to sound like ... you are talking on the radio
Click on the Effect Menu and then Amplify
and then Click OK
Click on the Effect Menu and then FFT Filter ...
and then Click on the top 12 dB line at the 5000 Hz point and then on the bottom 12 dB line around 10000 Hz ( this should create a diagonal line across the filter )
at the point and then on the around ( this should create a diagonal line across the filter ) Click OK
Click on the Effect Menu and then High Pass Filter ...
and then Change the Cutoff Frequency to 2000
to Click OK
Click on the Effect Menu and then FFT Filter ...
and then Click OK
Click on the Effect Menu and then High Pass Filter ...
and then Change the Cutoff Frequency to 2000
to Click OK
Listen to this example :
Download Creating_a_radio_voice_in_Audacity.mp3
7 . If you 'd like to sound like ... an alien
Click on the Edit Menu and then Duplicate
and then Highlight the first track
Click on the Edit Menu and then Duplicate
and then Highlight the first track
Click on the Effect Menu and then Change Pitch ...
and then Change the Percent Change to 15
to Click OK
Highlight the third track
Click on the Effect Menu and then Change Pitch ...
and then Change the Percent Change to - 15
to - Click OK
Listen to this example :
Download Creating_an_alien_voice_in_Audacity.mp3
8 . If you 'd like to sound like ... a Dalek
Download the Killerringer plugin created by Toby Newman
Right click the zip file and click Extract All ...
In the Extraction Wizard , click Next and Next
click and Make sure the box next to Show extracted files is ticked and click Finish
is ticked and click Double click the source folder and then the killerringer vst plugin folder
and then the Right click the killerringer.dll file
file Click the Start Menu and My Computer
and Double click the C : Drive
Double click the Program Files folder
folder Double click the Audacity folder
folder Double click the Plug - Ins folder
folder Right click and click Paste
Download the VST Bridge plugin and paste the vst-bridge.dll file in the Plug - Ins folder following the same method as above
paste the file in the folder following the same method as above Launch Audacity
Record your voice and highlight the track
Click on the Effect Menu and then killerringer ...
and then Change the Root Pitch to 0.003
to Change the Speed to 0.01
to Change the Amount to 0.01
to Click OK
Click on the Effect Menu and then Normalize ...
and then Click OK
Click on the Effect Menu and then Delay ...
and then Change the Decay Amount to 5
to Change the Delay Time to 0.04
to Change the Number of echos to 1
to Click OK
Read this tutorial for more explanation
Listen to this example :
Download Creating_a_dalek_voice_in_Audacity.mp3
9 . If you 'd like to sound like ... you are being censored
Launch Audacity
Click on the Generate Menu and then Tone
and then Change the Waveform to Sine
to Change the Frequency / Hz to 875.5
to Change the Length ( seconds ) to 0.9
to Click Generate Tone
Listen to this example :
Download Creating_a_censor_beep_in_Audacity.mp3
Just imagine using these techniques to spice up your podcast role plays or transform a Voki .
I 'm sure the pupils would love it !
Thanks to swingsetbucket , Gundamsandzords , CompHelpKid , shadowmario777 , PrGeProd , alihumza1995 , Spindler2007 , ImOnGoogle1 for the inspiration !
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : first Grapefruit release
Dear friends of Haskell and Functional Reactive Programming , its my pleasure to announce the first official release of Grapefruit , a library for Functional Reactive Programming ( FRP ) with a focus on user interfaces .
With Grapefruit , you can implement reactive and interactive systems in a declarative style .
User interfaces are described as networks of communicating widgets and windows .
Communication is done via different kinds of signals which describe temporal behavior .
Grapefruit consists of five packages with several interesting features : grapefruit - frp : Functional Reactive Programming core *
The FRP implementation uses a hybrid push / pull - based approach .
* Signals can be memoized by binding them to variables – like ordinary data structures .
* Merging of event streams combines simultaneous events properly .
* Signals cannot behave differently by starting them at different times .
The type system is used to enforce proper aging of signals .
grapefruit - records : A record system for Functional Reactive Programming * Input records can specify fields as being required or optional .
* Uninteresting output fields can be ignored .
The set of interesting fields is specified by pattern matching .
grapefruit - ui : Declarative user interface programming *
The interface for UI programming is platform - independent and can be implemented on top of different UI toolkits .
*
A concrete implementation can be selected at compile time or runtime .
grapefruit - ui- gtk : GTK +- based implementation of the general UI interface * Gtk2 Hs is used internally .
grapefruit - examples : examples demonstrating features of Grapefruit * Circular communication and switching are demonstrated .
Support for the following is planned for the future : * signals with incremental updates * user interfaces with changing structure * more kinds of UI components * graphical animations Further information about Grapefruit is available on its wiki page at < http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/Grapefruit>.
If you have questions , applause or criticism , please get in touch with me .
Wolfgang Jeltsch Principal Grapefruit developer
Britain faces a major food crisis unless urgent steps are taken to revive its flagging agricultural sector , warns one of the world 's most influential thinktanks .
Following a week in which world leaders and the United Nations expressed deep concern about the prospect of global food shortages , Chatham House suggests there needs to be a major shake - up in the UK 's supply chain if the country is to continue feeding itself .
Controversially , the report 's authors claim the debate about the use of GM crops in the UK will have to be reopened if productivity is to be increased , a suggestion likely to spark anger from the green lobby .
They claim : " As part of the co-ordinated technological response , the debate over GM technology will need to be reopened .
GM crops are cited by many food supply professionals as among the tools required in efforts to reconcile the maintenance of agricultural productivity with more sustainable and affordable food production . "
But they add : " The issue remains highly contentious . "
The thinktank on international affairs also claims the UK 's consumers must expect to pay significantly more for their food if they want the country to develop a long - term sustainable food policy .
The stark assessment is contained in a new report , Food Futures : Rethinking UK Strategy , published tomorrow .
It carries a chilling warning that the UK cannot consider itself immune to what is happening in the global food system , and that recent spikes in commodity prices , which have caused misery for many consumers as the cost of living has soared , should not be considered as freak events .
Instead , the report 's authors quote experts in the food supply chain who believe the prospect of the UK being hit by a crisis is " highly likely " .
The report claims : " What we had thought of as abundant food supply is anything but .
Western societies , in particular , have tended to take their food supply for granted .
The global system will reach breaking point unless action is taken . "
An increasing focus on food security comes as international demand for meat , crops and dairy products inflates prices .
The inflationary trend has had a major impact on the UK , whose increasing reliance on other countries for its food has made it vulnerable to price fluctuations .
Less than half - 48 % - of food consumed in the UK is produced here , according to the Department for the Environment , Food and Rural Affairs .
Just under 30 % comes from Europe and the rest from outside the EU .
Rapidly increasing demand from countries such as China , the increased cost of fuel , a rising world population and falling yields have conspired to send food prices shooting up .
Between June 2005 and June 2008 , the global price of butter rose by 74 % , chicken by 62 % , US wheat by 120 % and milk powder by 69 % .
The effect has been to hit the pockets of UK consumers far harder than in other European countries .
In the UK , food - price inflation peaked at 12.8 % in August last year , compared with 6.7 % in France and 7.1 % in the United States .
It meant that a UK family that spent £ 100 a week on food in 2007 had to spend nearly £ 13 a week - or £ 665 a year - more in 2008 to consume the same basket of goods .
John Beddington , the chief scientific adviser to the government , observes : " We are going to have to expect to have - throughout the world and not just in the UK - higher food prices . "
According to Chatham House , it is vital that consumer attitudes change if the UK is to develop a sustainable food policy .
We throw away about a third of all food purchased - 6.7 million tonnes a year - of which more than half is edible .
An increasing global population , coupled with limited land for agricultural expansion , has placed a new focus on each country 's use of resources .
The Chatham House authors conducted a series of private workshops with representatives from the food industry and quangos , retailers , scientists and government officials before compiling their report .
Those interviewed agreed that the recent softening of food prices was a " fragile peace " and warned that the future could see increased social division , with those on lower incomes hardest hit by price rises .
But it is the UK's vulnerability to international events that could quickly trigger the nightmare scenario for the government - a shortage of affordable food .
" A crisis could develop through some form of external ' shock ' , such as animal or crop disease , or extreme weather events , " the report claims .
" A global food crisis caused by harvest failure and food shortages could also impact directly on British interests through restrictions on trade and reduced availability of both agricultural commodities and key inputs to domestic food production . "
Equally , the experts questioned said that they believed that even a sustained period of high global food prices could be enough to trigger a crisis in the UK .
Much of the blame in the report for the UK 's increasing dependence on the outside world for its food supply is laid at the door of falling productivity levels on farms .
The report 's authors call for more money to fund farm expansion , agricultural innovation and skills .
But it recognises that there is also an increasingly vocal lobby calling on the government to address the power of supermarkets , whose ability to dictate terms to farmers has been blamed for many of them going out of business .
The report concludes : " There is a real potential for demand growth to outstrip increases in global food production .
Effects on developing countries would be devastating .
Developed countries will be affected , too .
Expectations of abundant and ever cheaper food could come under strain .
The UK can no longer afford to take its food supply for granted . "
Hackers take down ring of key progressive blogs
Nick Cargo and Mike Sheehan
Published : Wednesday January 7 , 2009
Print This Email This
Several major blogs were in jeopardy after a Tuesday hack of their software provider had its owner ready to throw in the towel .
According to SoapBlox owner Paul Preston , the attack on its servers -- which prompted SoapBlox 's Internet service provider to shut it down -- was connected to a shadowy group called Astalavista , which claimed credit for the attack in the site 's altered source code .
" Consider this the ' We 're Out of Business ' post , " Preston wrote on Wednesday morning .
" Most of the servers have been taken off line because they were being used to hack and exploit other websites .
The hackers install this crap on servers after they get in .
SoapBlox 's ISP then takes the servers off line ...
It was a good ride , but it 's over . "
The affected blogs include American Liberalism Project , BeThink , Blue Hampshire , Blue Jersey , Blue Mass .
Group , Minnesota Progressive Project , My Left Wing , Never In Our Names , Pam's House Blend , RadicalRuss , Swing State Project and West Michigan Rising and other mostly state - focused political blogs of note .
" I wish I could see a bright side to this , " blogger Pam Spaulding , founder , editor and publisher of Pam 's House Blend , told PageOneQ .
" It 's incredible that years of hard work can be destroyed in a flash , but we 're in the digital age and there are people motivated to silence voices through malicious acts .
I 'm hopeful that data will be recovered ... "
The blogs are back online for the time being , but discussion has continued about whether to continue using SoapBlox as a blog framework .
The platform , singlehandedly written and maintained by Paul Preston , hosts the content of 90 % of the progressive 50 - State Blog Network , allowing for a large number of such blogs to be taken down with one server exploit .
" These are all community sites , and the progressive blogosphere is a community , " said Minnesota Progressive Project 's Joe Bodell in a Wednesday Daily Kos diary .
" If we can not come together to keep these communities alive , the larger community wo n't be worth much , and I say that as more than just a blogger whose site got hosed . "
" I do n't know if anyone has yet had time to call the FBI .
If not , it needs to happen soon , " commented Sam Smith of the progressive group blog Scholars and Rogues .
" Never mind the nature of the views being expressed on these sites - this attack was a naked broadside aimed at the very infrastructure of public speech and discourse in America , just as surely as if vandals had destroyed the presses used by the likes of Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Paine back in the 1700s .
As long as the United States professes to be in the free speech business , actions like these cannot be allowed to stand . "
MUNICH , Germany ( Reuters ) - A German court convicted lawyer and right - wing extremist Horst Mahler on three charges of inciting racial hatred and denying the Holocaust took place , and sentenced him to six years in prison .
Mahler , 73 , once a left - wing militant and founding member of the Red Army Faction ( RAF ) , is a trained lawyer who later in life switched sides and became a far - right activist , joining the extremist NPD party in 2000 .
Denying the Holocaust is a crime in Germany , punishable by up to five years in prison .
Mahler is a repeat offender and was sentenced to one year more than the maximum recommended sentence because he was unrepentant , the court said .
Mahler was charged after holding a public speech in which he denied the Holocaust took place and posting Holocaust denials on the Internet .
He also continued to deny the Holocaust during his trial and in his closing statement , the court in Munich said .
The idea for this story actually came to me from our writer , Jennifer Kaplan , but since I ’ve written on this topic before , she asked if I might want to tackle it – Sure .
A few months back , Darren Rowse challenged his readers to create a top ten to follow list to Twitip .
As you can see , 192 of us responded with out top ten list folks who Twitter on a wide variety of topics .
My list was green .
But , I ’ve had a chance to think about it some more .
Trying to determine how to best build your list of followers can be a challenge and a raging argument is going on right now with the Twitterati on quality versus quantity .
Is it better to follow lots of people and have lots of followers or does the quality of the follower matter ?
[ social_buttons ]
As a marketing guru , I lean toward quality .
I tweet almost everyday and I ’ve set up Twitter accounts for several clients and have carefully managed which people we follow ; at what rate we gain followers and how closely they match the target market we are attempting to reach .
Why ?
The reason quality matters is your ability to reach out to your target audience is limited by how many of their tweets you see .
If you follow random people , those tweets to which you might want to respond get lost in the masses of tweets you receive .
( In some ways the 2000 followers limit on Twitter is a good thing . )
So , if you ’re looking for green folks to follow on Twitter , take a minute and consider , what sort of green people should I be following ?
Twittergrader lists the most influential Twitters using the key word , “ green ” .
But then again , there you have a hodgepodge of healthy living , green tech and green business folks , including ( yours truly , @mcmilker ) , @ecochildsplay and @ greenoptions .
Actually , quite a few Green Options writers are on this list .
What you really want is a list of people to follow that meets your particular needs .
Are you interested in activism ?
Try following :
@ Michael_Hoffman , @WomenWhoTech , @greenwash ,
How about green parenting ?
Try following :
@greenmom , @ecochildsplay , @greenmoms and @organicmania
@ thesmartmama , @lamamanaturale , @ greenmommy , @ mamagoesgreen
Maybe green media ?
Try following :
@sustainablog , @greenoptions , @maxgladwell , @ greennews , @ gogreentube ,
@treehugger , @grist
Or perhaps green business ?
Try following :
@mcmilker ( That ’s me ! ) , @ greenskeptic , @ greensmith , @ entregreeneur , @ecoofficegals
How about Green tech
@ alexismadrigal , @ tomraftery , @ scobleizer
Regardless of your approach to green , there are Twitter streams out there that will interest you .
Now I ’ve given you a lot more than 10 people to follow .
It ’s your turn .
Who writes your favorite green Tweets ?
Update : I had n’t even published this list , but mentioned I was working on it on Twitter , @choosespun , @a_willow and a few others have already responded !
The power of social media !
The record companies have fired their outsource enforcement thugs , MediaSentry ( a sleazy outfit that changes its name as often as it changes its testimony ) .
This is part of its new strategy : rather than suing fans , the record industry will confront the 21st century by asking ISPs to voluntarily spy on their customers , throttle their Internet connections , and disconnect people from the Internet on the basis of unproven allegations of infringement .
It 's a measure of just how unbelievably stupid the lawsuit campaign was that this new tactic is actually marginally preferable .
And , of course , it does mean that plenty of MediaSentry 's goons will end up on the breadline , so that 's good news .
Ray Beckerman , a New York lawyer who maintains the Recording Industry vs. the People blog and who has represented more than a dozen clients fighting the RIAA , said he considered the decision to drop MediaSentry a " victory " for his clients .
MediaSentry representatives " have been invading the privacy of people .
They 've been doing very sloppy work , " he said .
Mr. Beckerman cites MediaSentry 's practice of looking for available songs in people 's file - sharing folders , downloading them , and using those downloads in court as evidence of copyright violations .
He says MediaSentry could n't prove defendants had shared their files with anyone other than MediaSentry investigators .
Changing Tack , RIAA Ditches MediaSentry
( via /. )
President Rakhmon has failed to implement reforms , the report says Tajikistan , Central Asia 's poorest nation , risks becoming a failed state , an international think - tank has warned .
The International Crisis Group warned of social unrest as income sent home by Tajiks working abroad begins to dry up .
Such funds account for almost half of the country 's income .
Many
Tajiks are losing their jobs as the global slump hits their host nations .
Making matters worse , the group said , the government seems incapable of coping with the grave situation .
Social unrest " Far from being a bulwark against the spread of extremism and violence from Afghanistan , Tajikistan is looking increasingly like its southern neighbour - a weak state that is suffering from a failure of leadership , " the ICG said in a special report published late on Thursday .
International donors , including the US , the UK and EU currently provide substantial financial assistance to the government but much of this is believed to be lost through corruption .
" President Emomali Rakhmon may be facing his greatest challenge since the civil war of 1992 - 97 , " the report said .
" At the very least the government will be confronted with serious economic problems , " it added , warning : " At worst the government runs the risk of social unrest . "
Some 70 % of the population is now said to live in abject poverty in the countryside , with hunger spreading to the cities , particularly Khujand , once one of the most prosperous parts of the country .
Review aid
The former Soviet Republic 's energy infrastructure is suffering " near total breakdown for the second winter running " , the group adds .
According to the ICG , Tajikistan needs to import gas and electricity yet earlier this week , neighbouring Uzbekistan halved its natural gas supplies , citing Dushanbe 's growing debt .
In the past few years increasing numbers of young Tajiks have left the country to work as seasonal labourers , primarily in Russia and Kazakhstan .
The money they sent home last year amounted to some $ 2 billion ( £ 1.4 m ) almost half of the country 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
The ICG said there were no alternatives to President Rakhmon and called on the West to review its aid programmes .
It also urged the Tajik government to work out how to create jobs and avert famine .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Most business cards are dull , boring , and do n’t say much about the person .
These business cards tend to be forgotten , which is why then are ineffective .
Here are 99 awesome business card designs :
What shows that you love giving more than a ribbon .
Red liquid inside a card is a good way to make it seem bloody .
Who wants to play a game of cat and mouse ?
Some people like to save movie stubs and tickets … hopefully they ’ll also save this card .
Making a business card does n’t have to be expensive , you can use house hold items .
Good way to show what you do .
Entertaining , yet informative .
This card may look cool , but it is also sharp .
Teeth marks or a business card weaved with dental floss is a good way to show what you do .
Nice use of symbolism .
The food could n’t have been that good if you are already starting eating the card .
Good use of shape to make the card stand out .
Good play on the sense of touch .
Not only is this card engraved with the number 5 , it also looks like a floor .
Incase you do n’t know what to do with all your business cards , just look at the picture .
You better hope the person remembers your contact information because once they eat it there is no going back .
If you attend conferences on a regular basis or are in the dating space , this could be a nice design for you .
Once again , nice use of symbolism .
Not only is this a cool design , but you can probably make this type of business card yourself .
You may create a cool message when you connect all of the business cards , but who is going to collect all 8 .
You can definitely expect this business card to get passed around .
I wonder if it can actually be used to pick a lock .
If your store location is hard to find , you could consider creating a similar card .
This card is simplistic and stylish at the same time .
It ’s a good representation of the jeweler .
Not only will people remember that you mow lawns , but hopefully those seeds will make people ’s lawn grow faster so they call you more often .
If you want to put your face on a business card , this is a good way to do so .
Why tell people you sell office furniture , when you can show them .
This may seem like a good concept , but people will tend to forget your contact information after they eat the peanut .
Great way to get potential customers engaged in what you do .
If you need a personal trainer the rubber is probably too strong for you to pull .
Cool concept , but not sure how useful it is .
Great way to show what you do .
Great business card for anyone in sales .
Simplistic , yet effective .
If you need marriage counseling , hopefully duct tape holds your marriage together .
This would have worked well during the live strong bracelet period .
Who does n’t need a ruler ?
Only if it was scratch and sniff .
I wonder if the business card is actually eatable ?
Good design for a stamp company .
I do n’t know what this card is all about , but it would work well with a company that is gender oriented .
What better way to tell time than a sundial .
Not only is the card inside a ziploc bag , but you can actually put water inside it .
Nice play on symbolism .
Hopefully Fedex does n’t sue Ted .
This is a great way to get people to come into your church .
Not only is this card cool , but it is also fun to play with .
Only if it was an air freshener that you could hang in your car .
Looks cool , but it is hard to read .
It would n’t work if you are looking to network with old people .
Once the balloon pops , your contact information will be gone .
At least you are upfront with your motives .
A creative way to show what you do .
Multipurpose use .
A great way to portray an image .
Must - have for alcoholics .
Environmentally friendly .
Protect your business card .
Sadly , you ca n’t sit on it .
A card that is interchangeable .
Tasty yet informative .
Only if it was tasty .
Something that you can plug in .
I wonder what it tastes like ?
Be careful what you do .
I wonder if there is money on it ?
A card that can easily be saved .
Appealing to emotions .
Pay off your loans or else you ’ll get hurt .
How good are your eyes ?
Informative , yet fun to play with .
An artsy card for an artist .
I wonder if Google would approve ?
Have fun : plant a tree .
Greeks definitely know how to have fun .
Does this remind you of a Bentley ?
A cool metal card .
Now , that looks tasty .
Do n’t burn your place down .
A useful tool .
If only it were real .
A fun card .
In case of an emergency .
A creative play on post cards .
A uniquely shaped card .
If only it were a remote .
A good tool to have .
An easy thing to do with old cards .
I wonder what it looks like when you open it up ?
Sadly , you ca n’t write on this card .
Ca n’t put on your shoe ?
It would be hard to put this in your pocket .
If only you could eat it .
A cool card for a dentist .
It looks cool , but I am not sure how practical it is .
Pretty creative if you are in the fashion industry .
I wonder what you do after you use all the toothpicks ?
Again , I do n’t think this would fit nicely in someone ’s pocket .
Informative and useful .
I wonder how flexible this card is .
A more lenient approach to consensual sex between children is likely Ministers in Scotland are preparing a compromise over plans to decriminalise certain cases of under - age sex .
The Scottish Law Commission said consenting sex between two children under 16 should not be prosecuted .
Ministers will reject calls to end prosecutions but they are in favour of a more lenient approach .
BBC Scotland political editor Brian Taylor believes ministers want most cases to be sent to a Children 's Panel hearing on welfare grounds .
The reformed law would reserve the right to prosecute where there were indications of predatory behaviour .
Brian Taylor said : " Sex involving an adult and a young person under 16 would remain strictly illegal - and would be prosecuted .
" The issue here is consensual sex involving two youngsters under 16 .
" At present , only the boy is liable for prosecution .
" In practice , there are few court cases but even referral to the panel on offence grounds can result in a black mark on the youngster 's record which may ruin future job chances . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said ending prosecution was a step too far for ministers but they were prepared to compromise in certain cases .
Maggie Mellon of the charity Children 1st told BBC Radio Scotland the issue was whether to " criminalise " children for having consenting sex .
She said : " There might be some circumstances where you would want to mark that this was a gross breach by one child of another child 's rights and safety .
" But mostly , under - age sex is between consenting young people , who have probably not been properly guided and have not been given proper adult supervision and support , who are in need of care and welfare rather than prosecution . "
Gordon McDonald , of the Christian social policy group Care , told BBC Radio Scotland children should be getting stronger guidance about sex from their parents .
" Often parents abdicate their responsibility and leave it up to schools , health professionals and others , " he said .
" Perhaps as a society we need to help parents more to have the tools to have these discussions with their children .
" Although a lot of it comes down to the values in the family .
It is not just what you tell people explicitly , it is about the values and the stability of the family background . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
First a graph , always a graph ...
Click on graph for larger image .
This graph shows the quarterly delinquency rate as reported by the MBA since 1979 .
This shows that a fairly high percentage of mortgages were delinquent even in the best of times .
As an example , in Q3 2005 , at the height of the bubble , the MBA reported :
The third - quarter 2005 National Delinquency Survey ( NDS ) , released today by the Mortgage Bankers Association ( MBA ) , shows that the seasonally adjusted delinquency rate for mortgage loans on single - family residential properties stood at 4.44 percent at the end of the third quarter , down 10 basis points from the third quarter of 2004 but up 10 basis points from the second quarter of 2005 .
Comprehensive data on mortgage delinquency rates do not exist for the 1930s .
However , a study of 22 cities by the Department of Commerce found that , as of January 1 , 1934 , 43.8 percent of urban , owner - occupied homes on which there was a first mortgage were in default .
The study also found that among delinquent loans , the averagetime that they had been delinquent was 15 months .
Among homes with a second or third mortgage , 54.4 percent were in default and the average time of delinquency was 18 months .
Thus , at the beginning of 1934 , approximately one - half of urban houses with an outstanding mortgage were in default ( Bridewell , 1938 , p. 172 ) .
For comparison , in the fourth quarter of 2007 , 3.6 percent of all U.S. residential mortgages and 20.4 percent of adjustable - rate subprime mortgages had been delinquent for at least 90 days .
The rate of foreclosures would likely have been far higher were it not for the moratoria on ( and other impediments to ) foreclosure imposed by several states ( Poteat , 1938 ) , as well as the actions of the federal government to refinance delinquent mortgages ...
So even though the Q3 2008 delinquency rate of 6.99 % is a record level for the MBA series , it is important to realize that 4 % to 5 % of mortgages are considered delinquent even during the good times .
This is why the MBA also reports on seriously delinquent mortgages .
In 2005 , 1.82 % of loans were seriously delinquent , now , prime loans alone are at 2.87 % , and subprime loans at 19.56 % .
And how does this compare to the Great Depression ?
Glad you asked .
From David Wheelock at the St. Louis Fed : The Federal Response to Home Mortgage Distress : Lessons from the Great Depression
So the delinquency rate was far higher during the Depression .
Note that Wheelock is using the 90 delinquency number for comparison ( as opposed to the 30 day number in the chart above ) .
Here is some more interesting data from Wheelock :
This graph shows the foreclosure rate during the Great Depression .
At the peak , there were almost 14 foreclosures per thousand mortgages per year during the Depression .
In 2008 , according to the MBA , there will be about 2.2 million foreclosures started ( not completed ) , and according to the Census Bureau 2007 estimate there are 51.6 million households with mortgages , or over 4 % of households with mortgages entered foreclosure in 2008 .
The MBA reports that 2.97 % of households with mortgages are currently in the foreclosure process .
So even though the current delinquency rate is much lower than during the Depression , it appears the foreclosure rate is higher .
Wheelock also notes :
And once again the government is stepping in to slow foreclosures .
I think it is important to note that mortgages were very different in the Depression era .
It was typical for a buyer to put 50 % down , and obtain a short duration loan ( like 5 years ) with a balloon payment .
When you lost your home to foreclosure , it was a tragedy .
Today many of the foreclosures are for buyers that put little or no money down ( or extracted significant equity with 2nds or HELOCs ) , so these foreclosures are not wiping out a life time of savings like foreclosures during the Depression .
Still a tragedy for some , but not quite the same impact for many others .
My pastor ’s wife took this picture .
You can see just how thick the ice was .
I tried to describe the intensity of our winter storm in my last post .
No one around here , including the old - timers , have ever seen an ice storm that caused so much damage .
I still have n’t seen an official precipitation total , but the guys in our utility crews think we received between 2 and 3 inches of ice ( freezing rain ) , which accumulated mainly on limbs and power lines .
On the evening news a few days ago , a reporter from one of our local TV stations picked up a small ice covered branch and weighed it — it was 20 pounds .
Then she knocked off all the ice and weighed it again — this time it was only 3 pounds .
The ice covered branch was almost 7 times its normal weight .
And from what I could tell , there was n’t as much ice on the branch she used in her demonstration as there was on the trees in our yard .
Speaking of which , my daughter took a picture of the once stately 50 - ft. oak tree towering over our front yard .
It does n’t look so stately there .
It was strange hearing those giant limbs crack like shotgun blasts through the afternoon and evening .
Although the tree was badly damaged , my house escaped .
My father - in - law was n’t so fortunate .
He has several large trees in his back yard .
During the storm , an ice - laden branch broke and fell from one of them , pierced the steel roofing on his house , continued through the attic , stabbed the ceiling , and protruded about a foot into his bathroom .
Word from the AP this afternoon is that there are still about 22,000 homes and businesses in southern Missouri without power .
Many of those are in and around Sikeston .
My pastor and my oldest son are among them .
One more post ( perhaps ) about the storm , and that will be it .
All Rights Reserved .
Contact Us © Copyright 1997 to 2018 CyberSansar.com .
All Rights Reserved . | Our Team
Photos & all other content of this site cannot be copied / reused without permission .
India 's hunger for the English language is manifested in the names of its schools .
In Jaipur , the chief city of Rajasthan , under the letter B alone you can find the Blue Bells school , the Blue Birds school and the Bo - Peep school .
Some do n't sound so salubrious : the address of the Modern Happy school is listed as " Behind Petrol Pump , Gapalpura Model Tank Road " .
Many of them are likely to have been inspired more by profit than by educational ideals , their innocent nursery names disguising black - hearted entrepreneurs making a quick buck from Hindi - speaking parents who are anxious to promote their children into better jobs via familiarity with the world 's most powerful language .
It is easy to imagine an Indian variant of the kind of school satirised by Dickens and Waugh - schools born out of similar middle - class ambitions - in which a poorly - paid Miss Gupta chants the class through Wordsworth 's Daffodils while dreaming in their inward eye of a couch in Bollywood rather than Windermere .
The one I visited in Jaipur last month , however , seemed a model of commitment .
This was the Step by Step school , one of a chain of fee- paying English - schools in north India , and I 'd been invited to talk to the pupils about " journalism , your life , those kinds of things " .
It was nine o'clock on a Saturday morning .
A group of senior pupils aged about 16 sat cross -legged in neat rows , girls to the left and boys to the right , all in blue uniform .
They remained completely silent through our on - stage conversation .
Their questions , when they came at the end , were sharp and well - framed .
Other memories of those 45 minutes are now a blur , save for two moments .
One came when my hostess invited me to talk about nationalism and , perhaps a little too late , I realised I was being asked to proclaim its virtues rather than find fault with it as a political philosophy ; " national integration " has always been an important project in a country of so many languages and creeds but the Mumbai attacks have installed a patriotic fervour against Pakistan of a kind Britain has n't known since pictures of HMS Nelson were hung from the walls of Orwellian crammers .
The second arrived when in some headmaster - like spasm I talked to the audience about their future .
They were a fortunate generation , I said .
India and China were the new world powers , and India may in the end hold the advantage over its rival because of India 's expressiveness in the English language , its democratic and more flexible governance and its long historical relationship with the west .
" You 're lucky , " I said .
" You were born at the right time in the right place .
Seize the chance . "
" I especially appreciated those remarks , " a teacher said later .
" It was good that you said them . "
In fact , they may have been said rather jealously .
That morning online I 'd read the widely quoted remarks of the investor Jim Rogers , who made his original fortune in currency speculation when he founded the Quantum fund with George Soros .
" I would urge you to sell any sterling you might have , " Rogers said .
" It 's finished .
I hate to say it , but I would not put any money into the UK . "
Alone in an Indian hotel room , aware of a bill that would show how the pound 's value to the rupee had sunk over the past few months by 20 % , it was perhaps too easy to feel depressed .
Then again , all of Britain is depressed : a well of melancholy .
In this week 's Guardian , Max Hastings wrote the most chilling prognosis for a country softened and made greedy by decades of financial illusion , now facing a future of impoverishment and civil unrest .
British workers would keep their wages " only if they perform skilled tasks which others cannot , or provide their services for substantially smaller real rewards than they have received in the past " .
The education system was a mess , producing young people " fit only to be global losers " when by contrast " anyone who has met young Chinese and Indians of the new generation perceives their tigerish hunger , as well as their skills " .
The last is true .
Out of Step by Step , Bo -Peep - and for all I know the Modern Happy school , squatting behind the petrol pump - a different kind of Indian is emerging equipped with the individual aspiration traditionally associated with America , minus the brashness .
Thirty years ago , when I first went to India , such people were rare and drawn either from the trading communities or the narrow seam known as the Anglophone elite .
Now the middle - class has hugely expanded and believes rightly in its technical competence .
If the age of territorial empires were to return in a process of reverse colonisation , Indians would be as perfectly or imperfectly equipped to run Yorkshire as the Britons in the Indian civil service once governed Bengal .
As they may one day be happy to do , because the problems for India ( and China ) in the long term make those of Britain in the medium term look like molehills .
There was a time when I thought I would be happy to live , perhaps even die , in India .
This may have been foolish romanticism , but it was easier then to ignore all the statistics in UN development reports ; social inequality aside , their impact was located in the distant future .
That future is much closer .
Twice as many people live in India now as when I first saw it .
By 2030 , it will overtake China as the world 's most populous country : between four and five times as many people as the United States now has , packed into a land only a third as large .
Those figures in themselves will bring intolerable pressure on the things we consider vital to a decent life - on land , water , crops and pleasure .
Add the predicted effects of climate change , and the future of India and China as stable nations looks doubtful .
The permanent snow cover on the Himalayas may not last beyond 2050 ; the Ganges , which provides 500 million people with water , draws more than two - thirds of its summer flow from the Himalayan meltwater that the snow and glaciers will no longer be there to supply .
Then , of course , there is the likely influx of several million refugees from Bangladesh due to a rise in sea level .
All things considered , I was probably wrong to tell my Jaipur audience how lucky they were .
Nowhere on earth , not even middle - class India , is this the ideal age to be born .
The economic depression will do its worst .
Britain may emerge as little more than a destination for educational and cultural tourists ( pockets of violence are a danger , but so were brigands for gentleman making the " Grand Tour " ) .
But the much graver threat of unsustainable consumption and climate change will still tower over the world , and Britain may be a better place than many to face them .
There will be copious water in the north and more root vegetables .
In the long term , taking into account the Keynesian dismissal of that perspective ( " we 're all dead " ) , our grandchildren will stand a better chance here than by the dry bed of the Ganges .
This offers one remote reason , admittedly an insular and inhumane one , to be cheerful .
Did you catch the political ad in which two Jews ring the doorbell of a nice , working - class family ?
They barge in and rifle through the wife ’s purse and then the man ’s wallet for any cash .
Cackling , they smash the daughter ’s piggy bank and pinch every penny .
“ We need it for the Wall Street bailout ! ” they exclaim .
No ?
Maybe you saw the one with the two swarthy Muslims who knock on the door of a nice Jewish family and then blow themselves up ?
No ?
Well , then surely you saw the TV ad in which two smarmy Mormon missionaries knock on the door of an attractive lesbian couple .
“ Hi , we ’re from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ! ” says the blond one with a toothy smile .
“ We ’re here to take away your rights . ”
The Mormon zealots yank the couple ’s wedding rings from their fingers and then tear up their marriage license .
As the thugs leave , one says to the other , “ That was too easy . ”
His smirking comrade replies , “ Yeah , what should we ban next ? ”
The voice - over implores viewers : “ Say no to a church taking over your government . ”
Advertisement
Obviously , the first two ads are fictional because no one would dare run such anti-Semitic or anti-Muslim attacks .
The third ad , however , was real .
It was broadcast throughout California on election day as part of the effort to rally opposition to Proposition 8 , the initiative that successfully repealed the right to same - sex marriage in the state .
What was the reaction to the ad ?
Widespread condemnation ?
Scorn ?
Rebuke ?
Tepid criticism ?
Nope .
Advertisement
This newspaper , a principled opponent of Proposition 8 , ran an editorial saying that the “ hard - hitting ad ” was too little , too late .
The upshot seemed to be that if the pro-gay - marriage forces had just flooded the airwaves with more religious slander , things would have turned out better .
At a pro-gay - marriage rally in Los Angeles after the vote , chants of “ Mormon scum ! ” were reported .
Envelopes containing white powder have been sent to Mormon temples in California and Utah ; vandals hit other temples .
Lists of businesses to boycott -- essentially Mormon blacklists -- have sprung up on the Internet .
The artistic director of the California Musical Theatre resigned because of pressure after it was revealed he gave $ 1,000 to a pro-Proposition 8 group .
It ’s amazing .
Hollywood liberals , who shout “ McCarthyism ! ” as a first resort , see nothing wrong with this .
If Jews were attacked in this way for giving too much money to a political cause , Barbra Streisand would already have a French passport .
Advertisement
Never mind that Proposition 8 carried nearly every demographic slice of voters .
Put aside the fact that the Catholic Church and scores of other Christian churches supported it too .
Discount the inconvenient truth that bans on gay marriage have now passed in 30 states .
It ’s all the Mormons ’ fault .
The argument is that Mormons used illegitimate power , in this case money , beyond their numerical standing in the population to secure victory for the measure .
Golly , wealthy gay liberals would never do anything like that !
I bet they ’re not giving a dime to the legal effort to overturn Proposition 8 .
No , it ’s just that Mormons are the most vulnerable of the culturally conservative religious denominations and therefore the easiest targets for an organized campaign against religious freedom of conscience .
Traditional religion is the enemy anywhere it runs afoul of complete social acceptance of homosexuality .
In New Mexico , a wedding photographer was fined nearly $ 7,000 for refusing to shoot a gay commitment ceremony .
The dating site eHarmony , run by evangelicals , was just bullied by gay activists via the New Jersey Division on Civil Rights into starting up a site for gays .
The first 10,000 registrants must get six months free .
Advertisement
It ’s often lost on gay - rights groups that they and their allies are the aggressors in the culture war .
Indeed , they admit to being the “ forces of change ” and the “ agents of progress . ”
They proudly want to rewrite tradition and overturn laws .
But whenever they ’re challenged democratically and peaceably , they instantly complain of being victims of entrenched bigots , even as they adopt the very tactics they abhor .
My own view is that gay marriage is likely inevitable , and wo n’t be nearly the disaster many of my fellow conservatives fear it will be .
But the scorched - earth campaign to victory pushed by gay - marriage advocates may well be disastrous , and “ liberals ” should be ashamed for countenancing it .
jgoldberg@latimescolumnists.com
Dayum !!!
All Obama needs to do is keep going on television with the pointed , but sweet blast , hopping on Air Force
One to tell his side of the story to the people , and the Republicans retreat every single time .
Obama 's overall approval rating jumped to 67 percent .
The more dramatic development ?
His approval rating among Republicans jumped 15 points -- from 27 to 42 percent in a week .
Being the party of obstrutionists is really working for the Republicans !!!!
Jeannine Aversa
Associated Press
December 5 , 2008
Skittish employers slashed 533,000 jobs in November , the most in 34 years , catapulting the unemployment rate to 6.7 percent , dramatic proof the country is careening deeper into recession .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The new figures , released by the Labor Department Friday , showed the crucial employment market deteriorating at an alarmingly rapid clip , and handed Americans some more grim news right before the holidays .
The net loss of more than a half - million jobs was far worse than analysts expected .
As companies throttled back hiring , the unemployment rate bolted from 6.5 percent in October to 6.7 percent last month , a 15 - year high .
“ These numbers are shocking , ” said economist Joel Naroff , president of Naroff Economics Advisors .
“ Companies are sharply reacting to the economy ’s problems and slashing costs .
They are not trying to ride it out . ”
The unemployment rate would have moved even higher if not for the exodus of 422,000 people from the work force .
Economists said many of those people probably abandoned their job searches out of sheer frustration .
In November 2007 , the jobless rate was at 4.7 percent .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
It ’s awards season and the ballots are out – for the Razzie Awards , the annual ceremony awarding the worst films and performances of the year .
The nominee long lists for the 29th Annual Razzie Awards were released on Wednesday , and include such stars as Tom Cruise ( “ Valkyrie ” ) , Mark Wahlberg and Keanu Reeves in the Worst Actor category and movies such as “ Speed Racer , ” “ High School Musical 3 ” and Paris Hilton ’s “ The Hottie & The Nottie ” for Worst Picture .
Paris is up for Worst Actress , as are Reese Witherspoon , Jessica Alba and Diane Keaton .
Final nominations for the awards will be released on January 21 , the day before the Oscar nominations , with the ceremony to follow the night of February 21 .
Below , the full Razzie ballot .
VIEW THE PHOTOS : Reese Witherspoon
Worst Picture :
“ Speed Racer , ” “ Disaster Movie ” and “ Meet The Spartans , ” “ The Day The Earth Stood Still , ” “ High School Musical 3 , ” “ The Hottie & The Nottie , ” “ Dungeon Siege , ” “ The Love Guru , ” “ Postal , ” “ Rambo , ” “ The Happening , ” “ Meet Dave , ” “ Witless Protection ”
VIEW THE PHOTOS : Tom Cruise
Worst Actor :
Zac Efron , Dane Cook , Larry the Cable Guy , Eddie Murphy , Al Pacino , Keanu Reeves , Sylvester Stallone , Tom Cruise ( “ Valkyrie ” ) , Will Ferrell , Ashton Kutcher , Mike Myers , Adam Sandler , Mark Wahlberg
Worst Actress :
VIEW THE PHOTOS : ‘ High School Musical ’ Stars
Paris Hilton , Jessica Alba , the cast of “ The Women , ” Camilla Belle , Cameron Diaz , Kate Hudson , Diane Keaton , Jennifer Connelly , Zooey Deschanel , Vanessa Hudgens , Eva Longoria - Parker , Reese Witherspoon
Worst Screen Couple :
Any couple from “ HSM 3 , ” Cameron Diaz & Ashton Kutcher , Paris Hilton & Joel David Moore , Kate Hudson & Dane Cook , Kate Hudson & Matthew McConaughey , Larry the Cable Guy & Jenny McCarthy , Any couple from Mamma Mia , Eddie Murphy & Eddie Murphy ( “ Meet Dave ” ) , Al Pacino & His Hair , Mark Wahlberg & Zooey Deschanel , Mark Wahlberg & Mila Kunis , Sylvester Stallone & His Ego
Worst Director :
Uwe Boll , Scott Derrickson , Jason Friedberg & Aaron Seltzer , Tom Putnam , Marco Schnabel , Sylvester Stallone , Jon Avnet , Diane English , Roland Emmerich , Brian Robbins , Kenny Ortega , M. Night Shyamalan
Worst Prequel , Sequel , Remake or Rip - Off :
“ Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , ” “ HSM 3 , ” “ Rambo , ” “ Star Wars : The Clone Wars , ” “ Disaster Movie , ” “ Meet the Spartans , ” “ An American Carol , ” “ The Women , ” “ The Day the Earth Stood Still , ” “ Prom Night , ” “ Speed Racer , ” “ X - Files : I Want To Believe ”
Worst Career Achievement :
Uwe Boll , Jason Friedberg & Aaron Seltzer , Madonna , Keanu Reeves , Sylvester Stallone
Related Content from AccessHollywood.com :
PLAY IT NOW : Box Office Showdown : Jen ’s ‘ Marley ’ Rules Again ( Jan. 5 , 2009 )
PLAY IT NOW : Access Archives : Reese Witherspoon
MORE ACCESS ON THESE TOPICS : Awards Season - Music - Cameron Diaz - Movies - Reese Witherspoon
A company versed in downloadable GPS driving apps for smartphones is showing off a turn - by - turn solution running on the iPhone at this week 's Mobile World Congress in Barcelona .
The app , produced by Sygic , most likely amounts to an unsanctioned proof - of - concept that may face resistance from Apple when it 's submitted shortly to the App Store .
Nevertheless , the iPhone Blog reports that the software , on display at the TeleAtlas booth at MWC , has turn - by - turn GPS directions with voice prompts , points of interest , support for multiple countries , and locally - stored maps .
This comes as Apple has been slow to provide its own GPS turn - by - turn solution or the necessary tools for third party developers wishing to write their own .
Last July , the iPhone maker seeded a beta version of iPhone Software 2.1 with a version of the CoreLocation framework that could recognize the cardinal direction of an iPhone through GPS as well as its velocity — both necessary ingredients for turn - by - turn directions .
Two weeks before the beta seed , two veteran GPS companies , TeleNav and TomTom , said they were developing more advanced navigation software than what 's offered in the iPhone edition of Google Maps .
At the time , Apple product chief Greg Woswiak confirmed the hardware inside the device is just as capable as other GPS - aware phones that provide live directions .
But when Apple finally got around to release iPhone Software 2.1 last September , GPS capabilities were nowhere to be found and were presumed to have been pulled alongside experimental push notification support that was also seeded to developers as part of 2.1 pre-releases .
Since then , there has been no word from the Cupertino - based company about addressing the iPhone 's lack of true turn - by - turn GPS navigational software .
An app like Sygic 's might have significant hurdles to overcome before it could ever be available for customers to purchase .
It 's believed that the iPhone SDK prohibits GPS driving apps in its current form , making it hard to see a way that Sygic 's app could be approved .
