Update :
The source is available at github.com/mist64/msdos1
My last post was about the internals of the DOS 1.0 bootsector .
This time , let ’s look at the next stage of the DOS 1.0 boot process , the hardware abstraction library IBMBIO .
COM .
CP /M and DOS History
Let us first look at the historical background : CP / M was an 8 bit operating system that existed for virtually every computer with an 8080 / Z80 CPU .
It consisted of the three core components : BIOS , BDOS and CCP .
BIOS was the machine abstraction layer that allowed CP / M work on different platforms .
BDOS was the platform agnostic core library code , and CCP the command line interpreter .
86 - DOS by Seattle Computer Products was a clone of CP / M intended for 8086 computers .
It shared the architecture of CP/M , having a separate machine abstraction layer ( “ DOSIO ” ) .
When Microsoft bought 86 - DOS and ported it to the upcoming IBM PC ( model 5150 ) , they kept this architecture , although there was no need to implement custom drivers , since the IBM PC had all its drivers in its “ BIOS ” firmware .
But IBM ’s BIOS did not have the same interface as 86 - DOS DOSIO , so PC - DOS 1.0 included a very small DOSIO which would just sit on top of BIOS and using its driver library ( and work around some bugs ) .
So DOS 1.0 for the IBM PC consisted of the three parts IBMBIO.
COM ( machine abstraction ) , IBMDOS.COM ( DOS library ) and COMMAND .COM ( command line ) .
Microsoft soon started licensing MS - DOS to other computer manufacturers that wanted to make IBM PC compatibles .
Back then , IBM PC compatible meant being able to run DOS applications and not necessarily sharing the whole system design with the IBM PC , so for MS - DOS to run on other 8086 - based systems , it was enough to adapt the hardware abstraction layer to these machines , and therefore Microsoft provided the source code of this part of MS - DOS to hardware vendors .
In MS - DOS , the system files are called IO.
SYS and MSDOS .
SYS .
But since MS - DOS only provided a rather narrow API that did not include , for example , access to bitmap graphics , soon many DOS programs accesses hardware directly , forcing clone makers to make their PC compatibles more and more similar to the IBM PC , eventually using the same support chips and a binary compatible firmware interface .
The separation of the kernel in two parts was less and less necessary , so that starting with MS - DOS 5.0 , Microsoft only provided a single version of IO .
SYS , and in MS - DOS 7.0 ( Windows 95 ) , IO.SYS and MSDOS .
SYS were merged into IO .
SYS .
IBMBIO
On DOS 1.0 , IBMBIO.COM provides the following library functions to DOS ( names taken from 86 - DOS DOSIO source ) :
STATUS check for keypress INP get key from keyboard OUTP send character to screen PRINT send character to printer AUXIN get character from serial AUXOUT send character to serial READ read sector (s ) from disk WRITE write sector (s ) to disk DSKCHG check for disk change
( READ and WRITE will be directly hooked up by DOS into the INT 0x25/0x26 direct disk I/O API later . )
In addition to this , IBMBIO is the next step in the boot process after the bootloader and responsible for
initializing the serial and printer ports
building a list of floppy drives and its capabilities
setting up exception vectors ( division by zero etc. )
call the IBMDOS init code ( already in memory )
load and run COMMAND.COM
Let us now look at the library calls it provides :
Serial and Printer
The code to talk to the serial and printer ports is rather straightforward .
There is support for a single serial port and a single printer port .
IBMBIO sets up the port to 2400 8N1 and has no function to change this setting .
I/O will just be passed to the respective BIOS functions , but errors will be evaluated and error messages will be printed in the error case .
Keyboard and Screen
While printing a character just passes the character to BIOS , character input is quite interesting :
When reading a character , BIOS returns the ASCII code as well as the raw keyboard scancode .
For keys that have no ASCII equivalent like the function or cursor keys , this returns zero as the ASCII code .
IBMBIO always returns the ASCII code , but for special keys , it returns two bytes : A zero , indicating that it is a special key , and the BIOS scancode .
Therefore in case of a special key , it caches the scancode , returns the zero , and will return the scancode the next time a character is read .
The Control+C/ Control + Break handler uses this infrastructure to inject the code “ 3 ” into the input stream .
Disk I/O : Virtual Disks
The library code for Disk I/O is the most interesting part , since it can simulate a virtual disk drive , and it works around two issues of the BIOS function .
DOS supports up to four disk drives , A : , B : , C : and D : , but in case there is only a single drive , it will present two drives to DOS .
Since all disk access goes through the READ and WRITE functions of IBMBIO , it can compare the requested disk drive with the disk drive last used , and if it ’s the other drive , it will print :
Insert diskette for drive A : and strike any key when ready
After pressing a key , the actual I/O access is performed .
This way , DOS can be completely agnostic about whether there are two physical drives , or a physical and a virtual drive , and “ COPY A : FOO B : BAR ” will just work .
Note that without this feature , it would be impossible to get data from one disk onto another with standard DOS tools .
Disk I/O : Multiple Tracks
The first IBM PC BIOS issue IBMBIO works around is the fact that the original version of BIOS did not support a read or write of sectors across multiple heads .
A track always had 8 sectors , and if your read starting at sector 1 of a track , it is possible to read up to 8 sectors , but starting at sector 8 , only one sector can be read – if you want to continue reading sectors from the next track , you have to call BIOS again explicitly .
The IBMBIO driver therefore breaks up longer reads if they span tracks .
Disk I/O : 8237 DMA Controller Bug
The second problem is actually a design issue with the Intel 8237 DMA controller in the PC .
Although the Intel 8088 CPU was internally 16 bits , had 16 bit registers and could support up to 1 MB of RAM , it was the low cost version that was meant to interface to 8 bit support chips .
The 8237 is such a support chip intended for 8 bit systems , and therefore only supports 64 KB of memory .
Since this would have meant that data from the disk drive can only be read into the lower 64 KB of the PC , IBM extended the DMA controller by adding an external latch per channel to it :
You set up the lower 16 bits of the DMA address in the DMA controller , and the upper 4 bits ( 20 bits correspond to 1 MB ) in an external latch , and the upper four address lines will be provided by the latch when the DMA controller accesses memory .
Unfortunately , the 8237 had no “ carry out ” , so if you set up a DMA to 0x0 FFFF ( latch : 0x0 , DMA controller : 0xFFFF ) , the address inside the DMA controller will wrap around to 0x0000 , but it will not update the upper four bits of the address in the latch .
So DMA that spans a 64 KB boundary will end up at the wrong location .
The idea of a device driver is to abstract away details of a device and work around device bugs , but the BIOS in the first PC failed to work around this quirk in the DMA hardware .
Therefore IBMBIO works around it by detecting I/O that spans a 64 KB boundary and performing it in a temporary buffer inside IBMBIO .
What is interesting about these workarounds is that DOS 1.0 was the default operating system for the disk - equipped version of the IBM PC , and IBM shipped it with its first machines , so it should have been possible to include these workarounds in BIOS already .
In fact , later versions of BIOS did not have these issues any more , but DOS kept supporting the workarounds for a long time .
Source
Here is the assembly source of IBMBIO 1.0 .
It can be compiled with NASM and produces a binary which is not 100 % identical , because of variations in the instruction encoding of different assemblers .
The original assembler wasted a few bytes in the encoding , so NOPs have been added to keep the layout identical .
The binary is only 1920 bytes .
IBMDOS .COM is 6400 bytes , and I might be looking into that one in the future as well .
Senior Chelsea players would welcome the return of Jose Mourinho to Stamford Bridge in the summer should the club fail to retain the services of their temporary coach Guus Hiddink beyond the end of the season .
Mourinho is expected to leave Internazionale after a year in Italy , most likely with a Serie A title to his name but having failed to his primary objective of bring the European Cup to San Siro following elimination at the hands of Manchester United .
The Portuguese privately craves a return to the Premier League , having seen his glittering reign at Stamford Bridge terminated abruptly in September 2007 after the high - profile fracture of his relationship with the club 's owner , Roman Abramovich .
He has made no secret of his admiration for the club since , with that mutual respect mirrored among the playing staff .
The squad with whom he worked at Chelsea remains largely intact and , according to a source within the dressing room , ­influential members of the team would favour his re-appointment in the hope that the self - styled " Special One " can emulate the success that brought two Premier League titles , two League Cups and an FA Cup to the London club and established him as the most successful manager in their history .
There is an acceptance that his return would require Abramovich swallowing his pride , the Russian having grown weary of Mourinho 's abrasive , outspoken manner and frequent brushes with controversy during his previous time at Stamford Bridge , which amounted to a little over three seasons .
Yet Chelsea have not won a trophy since he departed – although they retain faint hope in the Premier League this term and realistic aspirations in the FA Cup and Champions League – and are set to be searching for a fourth manager in 20 months after Hiddink 's brief tenure comes to an end in May .
The Dutchman was hired in February to replace Luiz Felipe Scolari , whose seven - month spell at the club was curtailed with the Chelsea hierarchy alarmed by the team 's stuttering form and fearful of a finish outside the top four which would jeopardise their long - term project .
Hiddink was duly asked to combine his duties with the Russia national side and his impact has been immediate .
He has won seven of his nine games in charge and faces Liverpool in the first leg of the Champions League quarter - finals tomorrow at Anfield .
However , according to the source , Abramovich has made it clear to senior players that it would be " politically difficult " to prise him from the Russian federation on a full - time basis , a stance that Hiddink , too , has consistently maintained since assuming the reins .
Russia won their recent World Cup qualifiers against Azerbaijan and Liechtenstein , the first games they have played since the head coach took up dual duties , but still trail Germany by four points – albeit with a game in hand – in Group Four .
That leaves them with five further qualifiers to be played with double - headers in September and October , when Germany are due in Moscow , and a potential play - off in November to determine whether they reach South Africa .
Should they fail in that task then Hiddink may secure release from the remainder of his contract , though it seems unlikely that he will be permitted – or , perhaps more critically , would wish – to combine duties potentially for the first four months of next season .
There remains the possibility of Hiddink assuming a senior role at Stamford Bridge at some point in the future and he could yet play a significant part in appointing his successor .
His compatriot Frank Rijkaard , currently on sabbatical since his departure from Barcelona , is available and keen to be considered .
Yet Mourinho , popular among supporters and players alike , would represent an intriguing alternative .
The Portuguese has taken Internazionale nine points clear at the top of Serie A , though that achievement has been tarnished by their exit from the Champions League in the first knock - out phase .
The 46 - year - old has endured a troubled relationship with his fellow managers , referees and the media in Italy and feels he has not been embraced with the same warmth afforded to him during his time in England .
That has added to his desire to return to the Premier League and he has been strongly linked with Manchester City should Mark Hughes be removed at the end of the season .
Yet it is understood that he would be reluctant to take up the position at Eastlands , despite the potential of unlimited funds being at the manager 's disposal courtesy of the club 's owners , the Abu Dhabi United group .
Miles O’Brien is a pilot , airplane owner and freelance journalist who lives in Manhattan .
His blog is located at www.milesobrien.com.
The opinions expressed are his own .
At the Colgan / Continental 3407 crash hearing in Washington on Thursday , an expert from NASA told the National Transportation Safety Board that airliners should be equipped with a new warning system that sounds an alarm in the cockpit when the airspeed gets dangerously low – awakening the crew from its complacency .
There is a bit of irony that this advice comes from NASA , an agency that has collectively killed 14 astronauts and destroyed two $ 2 billion space shuttles because of complacency on an institutional scale .
And that is what troubles me about the cockpit airspeed - warning gadget .
While it might be a fine idea , it does nothing to solve the real problem .
It is a band - aid on a gushing artery and to the extent “ solutions ” like that fool us into thinking we have made things truly safer ; they are insidiously dangerous indeed .
Critics often accuse the Federal Aviation Administration of having a “ tombstone mentality ” – meaning people have to die before things can change for the better .
But the tombstone mentality is much bigger than the FAA , NASA or any other bureaucracy .
It is as fundamental as human nature .
Human beings will push themselves in any number of ways – right to the brink of disaster .
And here is the trap : every time we do that and get away with it , we mistakenly draw the conclusion that it might not be as risky as we thought after all .
As we grow accustomed to flirting with disaster and getting away with it , our perception of the inherent risk changes – but the real odds do not .
And in fact , the more we tempt fate , the more likely we are to meet our fate .
Throw a frog in a boiling pot of water , and it will jump right out .
Put it in with the water a room temperature – then gradually bring the water to a boil – and the frog will sit still until it becomes an appetizer .
( No animals were harmed in the writing of this column . )
And so it goes for airlines , pilots and regulatory agencies .
We gradually and blithely accept greater risk without comprehending what we are really up against .
Sociologist Diane Vaughan wrote a brilliant book about this in 1996 called “ The Challenger Launch Decision : Risky Technology , Culture and Deviance and NASA ” .
Now , by “ deviance ” , she is not referring to NASA workers downloading porn while on the taxpayers ’ time ; she is talking about how organizations come to violate their own sacrosanct rules – by collectively concluding that it is just fine to ignore them .
She calls it the “ normalization of deviance . ”
RUSSIAN ROULETTE
The brilliant physicist and educator Richard Feynman , who served on the Rogers Commission ( which investigated the Challenger accident ) , summed it up well .
He compared NASA ’s decision to keep launching shuttles despite growing evidence of scorched , leaking Solid Rocket O - Rings as “ a kind of Russian roulette… ( the Shuttle ) flies ( with O - Ring erosion ) and nothing happens .
Then it is suggested , therefore , that the risk is no longer so high for the next flights .
We can lower our standards a little bit because we got away with it last time . ”
It is clear the path to this crash in Buffalo is littered with a long trail of “ normalized deviance ” .
Captain Marvin Renslow slept in the crew room at Newark after commuting from Tampa .
This is against the rules but apparently everyone looked the other way .
First Officer Rebecca
Shaw flew through the night from her home in Seattle and was up all day before signing in for her final trip .
She evidently had a head cold – and might very well have been on some sort of over - the - counter cold medicine .
She complains about her ears in the transcript of the Cockpit Voice Recorder .
Both crewmembers yawn repeatedly during this flight .
No surprise there ?
The crew also did not maintain a “ sterile cockpit ” ( meaning no chit- chat ) as they descended below 10,000 feet .
But all of this is just another “ normal ” day at the office for flight crews in many of our regional airlines .
The rules that are there are frequently ignored – and the rules that are there are too lenient .
The minimum requirements still allowed :
· A captain to flunk no less than five flight exams and still hold the “ left seat ” .
· Those long commutes between a pilot ’s home and base .
· The airlines to pay pilots paltry wages .
· Only 8 hours of rest time ( from wheel - stop to sign - in for next flight ) .
Reading the transcript of the cockpit voice recorder is a gut - wrenching experience for me .
I can only imagine what it must be like for someone who lost a love one that February night .
The crew was shockingly disengaged and unappreciative of the ice that had built up on their craft – and had minimal experience flying safely though it .
Said Shaw : “ I ’ve never seen icing conditions .
I ’ve never deiced .
I ’ve never seen any — I ’ve never experienced any of that .
I do n’t want to have to experience that and make those kinds of calls .
You know I ’dve freaked out .
I ’dve have like seen this much ice and thought oh my gosh we were going to crash . ”
They also never even made mention of their rapidly degrading airspeed once they deployed the landing gear as they reached began the final stage of the approach .
And then , when the airplane warned them ( in most urgent terms ) that it was too slow – with an automatic “ stick - pusher ” designed to remind the pilot to push on the yoke , get the nose down and build up some airspeed or face imminent aerodynamic stall , they overruled it – pulling back hard – sealing the outcome .
The 3 - D animation is also hard to watch .
This flight ’s crew has become the poster children for what is wrong with the airline industry .
And the solution is not a new low - speed warning device in the cockpit .
No , what we need is a way to change the “ culture ” inside the industry and awaken it from its dangerous complacency .
And a new gadget is not going to do that .
Wales 15 Ireland 17 : The Grand Slam famine is over 61 years after Ireland ’s only previous triumph , as Ireland produced a remarkable performance underpinned by high tensile mental steel to win a truly heart - stopping encounter that was n’t decided until the final kick of the game , writes JOHN O'SULLIVANin Cardiff
Stephen Jones failed with a long range penalty from the halfway line but it would have been a travesty if he had managed to land the kick .
Ireland scored two tries to nil and but for the intervention of referee Wayne Barnes , whose wrath they incurred religiously , might have won the match a great deal more comfortably .
They wo n’t care one whit now because in the end Ronan O’Gara ’s 77th minute drop goal , coming less than 90 seconds after Jones had given the home side what looked like victory with a similar strike , sealed the win .
There were many outstanding performances on the day but none eclipsed the contribution of Ireland captain Brian O’Driscoll , Paul O’Connell and first half replacement Denis Leamy , who had a truly stupendous match .
In the context though every single player contributed something to the win with Tommy Bowe , Luke Fitzgerald and Gordon D’Arcy coming up with some fine individual plays .
The pack were simply outstanding to a man .
Ryan Jones sly trip on Ronan O’Gara on 41 seconds after the Irish outhalf hoisted an up and under drew an irate response from Donncha O’Callaghan whose one - on - one grappling with the Welsh captain was soon joined by most players from both teams .
Referee Wayne Barnes awarded Ireland a penalty but O’Gara pulled his attempt from the Welsh 10 metre line narrowly left and wide .
The visiting side were quickly into their stride and a brilliant Gordon D’Arcy break gained 30 metres but after a couple of rucks , Tommy Bowe could not quite gather O’Gara ’s cross kick .
Ireland , though , had started impressively , mixing the game nicely
between playing for territory and keeping the ball in hand .
Tomas O’Leary ’s clever kick to the corner proved even more precipitous when Ireland spoiled the Welsh lineout and Shane Williams was collared over his own line .
From the scrum five , the Irish surged three times through the pack before O’Leary linked with O’Driscoll but the Irish captain ’s overhead pass to Luke Fitzgerald was adjudged forward and the chance was lost .
The tension of the occasion was manifest in prolonged bouts of aerial ping - pong with the Irish halfbacks guilty of a couple of errors in putting the ball out on the full .
The departure of Stephen Ferris after just eight minutes with a hand injury brought Denis Leamy into the fray and he immediately made his presence felt .
The portents for Ireland based on those opening 20 minutes appeared promising as O’Connell nicked a couple of Welsh lineouts , Ireland were forcing the home side backwards and defensively the visitors were forcing turnovers .
The only cavils were that Wales looked slightly more dangerous because of the willingness to try and offload in the tackle and that Ireland ’s kicking game was periodically lax .
O’Gara was being constantly targeted by the Welsh as they ran down his channel and the consistent punishment was having an impact on his general play .
As the game reached the half hour mark without a score , two pieces of Irish indiscipline – they conceded a brace of penalties within a minute – gave Wales first field position and then the opportunity for three points .
Jones posted the penalty from 20 metres .
A spiralling error rate was beginning to seriously undermine Ireland ’s good start .
Runners were getting isolated and Wales aggressive defence started to force mistakes .
On 38 minutes Barnes decision to penalise Heaslip for obstruction appeared ludicrously harsh : accidental obstruction appeared a more correct call .
Jones landed the resultant penalty , a beautiful strike from 45 metres to nudge the home side 6 - 0 in front .
Ireland were handed a valuable lesson concerning the importance of scoring when in opposition territory .
The visitors had enjoyed the better of the first half in
terms of field position and possession but ominously the trailed 6 - 0 at the interval .
Ireland coach Declan Kidney needed to recalibrate the game - plan at half - time , his priority to improve the team ’s kick - chase game and try and get them to offload or at least be more dynamic at ruck time .
The Irish scrum was also under pressure and on a couple of occasions in the Welsh 22 , a steadier platform might have proved a decisive launching pad .
Whatever was said had the desired effect based on the opening throes of the second half .
Bowe raced onto D’Arcy ’s long pass sprinted 40 metres from inside his own half and although tackled by Jamie Roberts , Ireland got the field position they craved .
Wales right wing defended O’Gara ’s cross kick but conceded the lineout and from that platform , Ireland would not leave the home 22 without points .
O’Connell won the lineout , the Irish pack edged closer and closer and just as he did against England , O’Driscoll demonstrated his poacher ’s instincts .
From a ruck virtually on the Welsh line , the Irish captain forced his way under Welsh hooker Matthew Rees for a try which O’Gara converted , as he would do again 90 seconds later as Ireland grabbed a second try .
The Irish outhalf dinked a little kick over the Welsh defence and Bowe arrived at full tilt between two Welsh defenders to take the kind bounce with one hand and race 40 metres under the posts .
Ireland were suddenly 14 - 6 ahead but indiscipline – O’Callaghan turned an Irish scrum into a Welsh penalty for verbals – cost Ireland another three points as Jones kicked his third penalty .
The outcome of this game was going to be decided by fine margins ; mental strength and composure almost as prized as physical attributes .
Another Irish transgression , this time Heaslip at a lineout , allowed Jones to kick a fourth penalty and at 12 - 14 , any Irish momentum from their brilliant start to the second half had petered out .
The visiting team desperately needed their talisman to step forward .
Leamy did on the very next play , so too O’Connell but the key in the final quarter was going to be discipline .
O’Leary ’s clever cross - kick was picked up by Bowe but he chipped Gavin Henson a little early allowing the latter to turn and get back and then the Irish wing compounded his error by pushing Henson and conceding a penalty .
Fitzgerald then tidied up brilliantly and beat several defenders on a slaloming run but as Ireland surged into the 22 with two brilliant offloading cameos from John Hayes , they conceded their sixth penalty of the half :
Wales were getting every marginal decision and a 6 - 0 penalty count reinforced this .
It did n’t matter whether Barnes was right or not .
He was n’t , but as the only arbiter that mattered it was a moot point .
Henson attempted a long range penalty from the halfway line but it fell short and the Welsh star , who had been operating at fullback for most of the game following Lee Byrne ’s injury , was brilliantly stripped in the tackle by O’Driscoll .
But mistakes would continue to cost Ireland dearly .
Geordan Murphy was adjudged to have knocked on from a superb Henson clearance and once again the visitors were on the back foot .
Wales were being kept in the match and a side of that quality was unlikely to spurn every single turnover .
On 74 minutes , Mike Phillips surged clear beating and bullocking through defenders from sloppy lineout ball and although grounded five metres short of the Irish line , Jones dropped back into the pocket , two rucks later to drop a fine goal .
The home side had clawed their way back to lead 15 - 14 .
It ’s a measure of the character of this Ireland team that they refused to buckle , getting first the field position and then following half a dozen rucks , O’Gara dropped back into the pocket to drop a goal with two minutes and 15 seconds left .
Still Barnes was to give the home side one final opportunity with 16 seconds left on the clock .
Stephen Jones stepped up but from almost the halfway line his effort fell short .
Geordan Murphy ran the ball along the in goal area , touched down and history beckoned .
The better team on the day won but it is the sheer character and indomitable will that they displayed that will be as long remembered as anything from Cardiff , March 21st , 2009 .
Scoring sequence
32:S Jones penalty , 3 - 0 ; 38 : S Jones penalty , 6 - 0 .
Half - time : 6 - 0. 43:O’ Driscoll try , O’Gara conversion , 6 - 7 ; 45 : Bowe try , O’Gara conversion , 6 - 14 ; 50 : S Jones penalty , 9 - 14 ; 55 : S Jones penalty , 12 - 14 ; 74 : S Jones drop goal , 15 - 14 ; 77: O’Gara drop goal , 15 - 17 .
Wales : L Byrne ( Ospreys ) ; M Jones ( Scarlets ) , T Shanklin ( Cardiff ) , G Henson ( Ospreys ) , S Williams ( Ospreys ) ; S Jones ( Scarlets ) , M Phillips ( Ospreys ) ; G Jenkins ( Cardiff ) , M Rees ( Scarlets ) , A Jones ( Ospreys ) ; I Gough ( Ospreys ) , A - Wyn Jones ( Ospreys ) ; D Jones ( Scarlets ) , M Williams ( Cardiff ) , R Jones ( Ospreys , capt ) .
Replacements : J Roberts ( Cardiff ) for Byrne 30 mins .
H Bennett ( Ospreys ) for Rees 56 mins ; L Charteris ( Dragons ) for Gough 56 mins ;
Ireland : R Kearney ( Leinster ) ; T Bowe ( Ospreys ) , B O’Driscoll ( Leinster , capt ) , G D’Arcy ( Leinster ) , L Fitzgerald ( Leinster ) ; R O’Gara ( Munster ) , T O’Leary ( Munster ) ; M Horan ( Munster ) , J Flannery ( Munster ) , J Hayes ( Munster ) ; D O’Callaghan ( Munster ) , P O’Connell ( Munster ) ; S Ferris ( Ulster ) , D Wallace ( Munster ) , J Heaslip ( Leinster ) .
Replacements : D Leamy ( Munster ) for Ferris 8 mins ; T Court ( Ulster ) for Hayes 23 - 27 mins ; G Murphy ( Leicester ) for Kearney 66 mins ; P Stringer ( Munster ) for O’Leary 69 mins ; R Best ( Ulster ) for Flannery 66 mins ; P Wallace ( Ulster ) for Fitzgerald 76 mins .
Referee : W Barnes ( England ) .
China is to throw its economic might behind a national solar power plan that could result in it becoming one of the world 's biggest harvesters of the sun 's energy .
The government body responsible for overseeing energy policy has ­finalised a proposal for billions of pounds of ­incentives for solar farms and rooftop panels , which will come from the government 's £ 400 bn economic stimulus fund .
Once approved by the state ­council , it is expected to give a boost to the ­domestic solar power market , which has lagged behind China 's wind , nuclear and hydroelectric power investments .
" This is extremely important .
It 's a milestone , " said Chen Dongmei , director of climate change and energy at the WWF 's China office .
China is the world 's leading ­manufacturer of photovoltaic ( PV ) panels , which turn sunlight into electricity .
But 95 % of these are exported .
While solar thermal power , in which sunlight heats water , is in widespread use , the central government and the five major utilities have deemed PV power too ­expensive , particularly compared with coal , which generates ­electricity for between an eighth and a tenth of the cost .
But the global economic crisis and ­increasing concerns about climate change and energy security have prompted a change in attitudes .
Since last year , a glut in supply of PV panels has pushed prices down by more than 30 % , cutting ­profits of domestic manufacturers such as Suntech .
To support them and widen the ­country 's energy base , the plan is expected to include the biggest ever boost for solar power , along with extra spending and ­policy support for nuclear , wind and ­biomass power .
By 2020 , the government is committed to raising the share of ­renewable energy ­( excluding hydroelectric power ) in the energy mix to 6 % , from the current 1.5 % .
Many local governments in " sunshine regions " such as Gansu , Qinghai and Inner Mongolia are already pushing ahead .
According to Li Shimin of the Solar Energy Centre in Gansu , at least 10 solar farms are under construction or in the process of securing approval .
The biggest of those approved so far is in Dunhuang , which will have a 10 MW capacity .
Earlier this year , Jiangsu province – the home of Suntech – announced 1bn yuan ( £ 92bn ) of incentives aimed at building solar energy generation capacity to 260 MW megawatts by 2011 .
This is extremely ambitious given that the target for the entire country next year is 300 megawatts .
Julian Wong , an energy analyst at the Center for American Progress in Washington DC , said 2009 was shaping up to be the year of solar power in China .
" The unique confluence of lower ­productions costs and decreased ­overseas demand means the cost of going solar is lower than ever and makes it an opportune time to make a policy push for domestic solar deployment , " he noted in a recent report .
Despite the infusion of cash and ­government support for renewable sources of energy , China is expected to remain dependent on coal for about 70 % of its energy needs for at least the next two ­decades , meaning it will remain the world 's biggest emitter of CO 2 , a major greenhouse gas .
• Read more about China 's solar energy plan .
Last weekend at an event sponsored by California - based Oaksterdam University , more than 300 people packed the Best Western Executive Plaza in Ann Arbor , for the first marijuana educational seminar held in Michigan since the passage of Proposal 1 last November .
During the seminar , audience members asked many questions , demonstrating a general lack of knowledge about the issues surrounding marijuana usage .
Oaksterdam University Executive Chancellor Dale Clare attributed the lack of knowledge to the current state of marijuana education .
“ It ’s not just a lack of information ( about marijuana ) , but an amount of disinformation and a misunderstanding , or misrepresentation , of some information and just a total vacuum in some places , ” Clare said .
Oaksterdam University President Richard Lee founded the university in Oakland , Calif. in November 2007 to teach students about the various aspects of marijuana policy .
Classes in the university ’s Oakland campus were initially small , but media attention caused an increase in enrollment , and the school opened a second campus in Los Angeles , Calif .
Both campuses are currently holding classes for about 160 students each week .
Clare said Michigan first caught Oaksterdam ’s attention after Proposal 1 — which legalized medicinal marijuana in the state — passed last November .
Oaksterdam chose to hold its classes in Ann Arbor due to the city ’s lax marijuana laws , Clare said .
“ In reading Michigan ’s law , we recognized that for the first time in a long time there was another state that had legislation that was similar to our own , ” she said .
Clare added that Oaksterdam was interested in helping Michigan implement the proposal .
“ ( We realized ) there ’s other people out there that have an opportunity to really make or break this new law , and we have a chance to get out there and teach them how to do it well , ” Clare said .
Clare said that beginning in January , Oaksterdam started reaching out to various marijuana advocacy groups in Michigan .
Those connections eventually led to last weekend ’s seminar .
Clare added that she was surprised by the response of those interested in attending the seminar .
The first week after it was announced , Oaksterdam received more than 600 calls from people inquiring about the seminar and wanting to register .
Ohio resident Rosie Hess said she was motivated to attend the seminar because she and her husband have health issues that qualify them to grow medicinal marijuana .
“ I need to learn to grow the best , of course , but also go ahead and make a living doing it , ” Hess said .
“ This is something I firmly believe in and something that I think the nation is eventually going to be gravitating to , so I ’d like to do my part . ”
LSA junior Francesca Bardinelli , an executive director for Students for Sensible Drug Policy , said she supported the seminar for similar reasons .
“ Everyone has the right to seek the medical attention that they need , even if that is marijuana , which is illegal , ” Bardinelli said .
“ I mean , these people are in pain and need help .
Why should they be denied the only treatment that helps them ? ”
Matthew Abel , a Detroit - based attorney who specializes in marijuana cases , spoke about marijuana laws during the seminar .
Abel said that Proposal 1 could have innumerable benefits for Michigan residents .
“ ( Proposal 1 ) has spelled relief for a lot of people in Michigan who have been depending on cannabis medicines for a long time , ” he said .
“ It is alleviating some of their fears of prosecution . ”
Castes have long since been abolished , and the old buraku villages have largely faded away or been swallowed by Japan 's sprawling metropolises .
Today , rights groups say the descendants of burakumin make up about 3 million of the country 's 127 million people .
But they still face prejudice , based almost entirely on where they live or their ancestors lived .
Moving is little help , because employers or parents of potential spouses can hire agencies to check for buraku ancestry through Japan 's elaborate family records , which can span back over a hundred years .
An employee at a large , well - known Japanese company , who works in personnel and has direct knowledge of its hiring practices , said the company actively screens out burakumin job seekers .
" If we suspect that an applicant is a burakumin , we always do a background check to find out , " she said .
She agreed to discuss the practice only on condition that neither she nor her company be identified .
Lists of " dirty " addresses circulate on internet bulletin boards .
Some surveys have shown that such neighborhoods have lower property values than surrounding areas , and residents have been the target of racial taunts and graffiti .
But the modern locations of the old villages are largely unknown to the general public , and many burakumin prefer it that way .
Google Earth 's maps pinpointed several such areas .
One village in Tokyo was clearly labeled " eta , " a now strongly derogatory word for burakumin that literally means " filthy mass . "
A single click showed the streets and buildings that are currently in the same area .
Google posted the maps as one of many " layers " available via its mapping software , each of which can be easily matched up with modern satellite imagery .
The company provided no explanation or historical context , as is common practice in Japan .
Its basic stance is that its actions are acceptable because they are legal , one that has angered burakumin leaders .
" If there is an incident because of these maps , and Google is just going to say ' it 's not our fault ' or ' it 's down to the user , ' then we have no choice but to conclude that Google 's system itself is a form of prejudice , " said Toru Matsuoka , a member of Japan 's upper house of parliament .
Asked about its stance on the issue , Google responded with a formal statement that " we deeply care about human rights and have no intention to violate them . "
Google spokesman Yoshito Funabashi points out that the company does n't own the maps in question , it simply provides them to users .
Critics argue they come packaged in its software , and the distinction is not immediately clear .
Printing such maps is legal in Japan .
But it is an area where publishers and museums tread carefully , as the burakumin leadership is highly organized and has offices throughout the country .
Public showings or publications are nearly always accompanied by a historical explanation , a step Google failed to take .
Matsuoka , whose Osaka office borders one of the areas shown , also serves as secretary general of the Buraku Liberation League , Japan 's largest such group .
After discovering the maps last month , he raised the issue to Justice Minister Eisuke Mori at a public legal affairs meeting on March 17 .
Two weeks later , after the public comments and at least one reporter contacted Google , the old Japanese maps were suddenly changed , wiped clean of any references to the buraku villages .
There was no note made of the changes , and they were seen by some as an attempt to quietly dodge the issue .
" This is like saying those people did n't exist .
There are people for whom this is their hometown , who are still living there now , " said Takashi Uchino from the Buraku Liberation League headquarters in Tokyo .
The Justice Ministry is now " gathering information " on the matter , but has yet to reach any kind of conclusion , according to ministry official Hideyuki Yamaguchi .
The League also sent a letter to Google , a copy of which was provided to The Associated Press .
It wants a meeting to discuss its knowledge of the buraku issue and position on the use of its services for discrimination .
It says Google should " be aware of and responsible for providing a service that can easily be used as a tool for discrimination . "
Google has misjudged public sentiment before .
After cool responses to privacy issues raised about its Street View feature , which shows ground - level pictures of Tokyo neighborhoods taken without warning or permission , the company has faced strong public criticism and government hearings .
It has also had to negotiate with Japanese companies angry over their copyrighted materials uploaded to its YouTube property .
An Internet legal expert said Google is quick to take advantage of its new technologies to expand its advertising network , but society often pays the price .
" This is a classic example of Google outsourcing the risk and appropriating the benefit of their investment , " said David Vaile , executive director of the Cyberspace Law and Policy Center at the University of New South Wales in Australia .
The maps in question are part of a larger collection of Japanese maps owned by the University of California at Berkeley .
Their digital versions are overseen by David Rumsey , a collector in the U.S. who has more than 100,000 historical maps of his own .
He hosts more than 1,000 historical Japanese maps as part of a massive , English - language online archive he runs , and says he has never had a complaint .
It was Rumsey who worked with Google to post the maps in its software , and who was responsible for removing the references to the buraku villages .
He said he preferred to leave them untouched as historical documents , but decided to change them after the search company told him of the complaints from Tokyo .
" We tend to think of maps as factual , like a satellite picture , but maps are never neutral , they always have a certain point of view , " he said .
Rumsey said he'd be willing to restore the maps to their original state in Google Earth .
Matsuoka , the lawmaker , said he is open to a discussion of the issue .
A neighborhood in central Tokyo , a few blocks from the touristy Asakusa area and the city 's oldest temple , was labeled as an old " eta " village in the maps .
It is indistinguishable from countless other Tokyo communities , except for a large number of leather businesses offering handmade bags , shoes and furniture .
When shown printouts of the maps from Google Earth , several older residents declined to comment .
Younger people were more open on the subject .
Wakana Kondo , 27 , recently started working in the neighborhood , at a new business that sells leather for sofas .
She was surprised when she learned the history of the area , but said it did n't bother her .
" I learned about the burakumin in school , but it was always something abstract , " she said .
" That 's a really interesting bit of history , thank you . "
AP
Thanks to Best Buy the world knew about the Uncharted 2 multiplayer beta a few days before developer Naughty Dog and Sony were ready to reveal it .
Now that the cat is out of the bag some additional details have come to light .
The multiplayer beta for Uncharted 2 : Among
Thieves will be in the form of a voucher packaged with all copies of Infamous for PS3 .
The beta will open up for play on June 3 and feature adversarial play .
The final version of Uncharted 2 will include cooperative online multiplayer modes as well .
Infamous will be in stores starting May 26 so mark your calendars for a shot at getting in on the Uncharted 2 beta .
In the meantime , check out Sony ’s official teaser trailer for Uncharted 2 ’s multiplayer mode below .
The Home Office said that the data would not be stored in one place , contrary to previous plans that were slated by the IT industry because of the complexity of such a database - not to mention the cost , which some have put at 12 billion for the project .
Instead , service providers would be expected to process and hold the data at the ready in case the government requires it .
A document from the Home Office stressed the data held would include who , when , where and how communications connections were made but not the content .
For example , the information held on an email would include who sent it , to whom they sent it , and when it was sent , but the content of the email would not be stored .
Such CSPs will also be required to collect data from services that are based overseas but use UK networks .
Any firm considered a communications service provider ( CSP ) such as internet service providers ( ISPS ) and mobile operators would be required to hold onto such data in case the government needed it , for anti-terror or policing reasons , for example .
The details of the Intercept Modernisation Programme were laid out in a consultation document released today .
The government will be accepting advice on the plans until July 2009 .
The government is set to require all telcos to record data between communications mobile phones , text message , emails and instant messages , as well as internet browsing sessions to social networking sites such as Facebook .
Government necessity ?
Jacqui Smith , the Home Secretary , said in a statement : " My key priority is to protect the citizens of the UK and communications data is an essential tool for law enforcement agencies to track murderers and paedophiles , save lives and tackle crime . "
She added : " Advances in communications mean that there are ever more sophisticated ways to communicate and we need to ensure that we keep up with the technology being used by those who would seek to do us harm . "
Indeed , Smith said she ranked security concerns above privacy .
" We recognise that there is a delicate balance between privacy and security , but to do nothing is not an option as we would be failing in our duty to protect the public , " she said .
Her views were echoed by Sir Stephen Lander , the chair of the Serious Organised Crime Agency ( Soca ) .
" Communications data and intercept intelligence are essential tools in 95 per cent of the most serious crime investigations in the UK , " he said .
Criticism for the plans
The plans have frequently met with opposition over the past several months , including from the Information Commissioner , who has previously called the plans " a step too far for the British way of life . "
Guy Herbert , general secretary of NO2ID , said : " Just a week after the Home Secretary announced a public consultation on some trivial trimming of local authority surveillance , we have this : a proposal for powers more intrusive than any police state in history . "
" Ministers are making a distinction between content and communications data into sound - bite of the year .
But it is spurious .
Officials from dozens of departments and quangos could know what you read online , and who all your friends are , who you emailed , when , and where you were when you did so - all without a warrant .
Tracking your your every move is more efficiently creepy than reading your letters . "
From an industry standpoint , the plans have been critised for the potential cost to communications firms .
The Internet Services Providers ' Association ( ISPA ) said that it hopes the government will reimburse service providers for the added costs .
" ISPA advocates a proportionate approach to data retention .
To ensure that any updated law enforcement requirements do not place extra financial burdens on internet service providers , ISPA stresses the importance of cost recovery , " said ISPA general secretary Nicholas Lansman , in a statement .
Click here to read everything you need to know about the government 's ID card plans .
Click below for more IT PRO privacy stories :
Google 's privacy and copyright challengePhorm spurs EU privacy action against UK ICO : Google Street View does n't breach privacy Should we be worried about Google Street View ?
Facebook put to the vote :
Do users stand a chance ?
TOKYO , Japan ( CNN ) --
About 30 people were injured Friday when a Northwest Airlines flight suffered turbulence before landing at Japan 's Narita International Airport , a Northwest spokesman said .
A passenger injured when turbulence struck the NWA flight is taken to hospital .
Three people where seriously injured , fire officials said .
Tokyo 's Kyodo news agency later put the number of overall injured at 47 .
There were 408 passengers and 14 crew members on the Boeing 747-400 flight from Manila , Philippines .
American passenger Vincent Salazar told Kyodo
News that he heard screams around 30 minutes before the plane was scheduled to arrive as it suddenly fell , then ascended .
Salazar added that several passengers were thrown into the cabin ceiling , hitting their heads and hurting their necks because they were not wearing their seatbelts .
'' We were flying and then the seatbelt sign came on and when we were trying to get back to the seats , the plane dropped and so some people went up and hit the top ( ceiling ) , " he told the agency .
' ' I actually was pretty calm because I 've flown a lot , but the lady next to me was screaming ...
And unfortunately some people were n't in their seatbelts .
They were just flying . ''
The plane eventually touched down east of Tokyo at Narita airport at around 12:20 p.m. Friday , the agency quoted the Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism Ministry as saying .
Those injured during the incident were taken to nearby hospitals , the airport 's operator and fire department officials told Kyodo .
Turbulence is air movement that normally cannot be seen .
It may occur when the sky appears to be clear and can happen unexpectedly .
Most injuries result from passengers who are not belted into their seats .
It can be created by any number of different conditions , including atmospheric pressures , jet streams , mountain waves , cold or warm fronts , or thunderstorms .
CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .
CHISINAU ( Reuters ) - Moldovan riot police regained control of the president ’s office and a burning parliament on Wednesday after both buildings were ransacked during a protest against the election victory of the ruling Communist Party .
Moldovan President Vladimir Voronin , Europe ’s only Communist leader , called on the West to help restore order and accused the opposition of attempting a coup after violence swept the capital of Europe ’s poorest country .
One woman died and about a hundred people were hurt after protesters , who say Sunday ’s parliamentary election was rigged , ransacked Voronin ’s offices and looted parliament , where fires raged into the night .
Reuters reporters at the scene said dozens of riot police in black helmets and bearing shields had regained control of the buildings in central Chisinau during the early hours and were standing outside both .
Hundreds of demonstrators were no longer outside the buildings and it was not immediately clear where they had gone .
A Reuters reporter also saw some groups of armed special forces troops in the center of the capital .
Opposition leaders condemned Tuesday ’s violence but demanded new elections .
Some protesters demanded the resignation of Voronin , who is due to step down after the poll because of constitutional limits on a third term .
Supporters of the opposition had said earlier they would join new protests on Wednesday .
“ I can tell you tomorrow 10 buses with protesters will move to Chisinau from my district alone , ” one opposition activist told Reuters by telephone from a rural area .
He said that if police blocked roads they would walk to the capital .
Official election results put the Communists in front with close to 50 percent of the vote .
Slideshow ( 22 images )
SEPARATIST REBELLION
The worst violence to hit Moldova ’s capital in decades could complicate efforts to resolve the 18 - year - old separatist rebellion in the Russian - speaking region of Transdniestria , where Russia has had troops since Soviet times .
Slideshow ( 22 images )
Moldova , wedged between Ukraine and Romania on the edge of the European Union , is in what Russia sees as its sphere of influence .
Moldova , which was once part of Romania , recalled its ambassador from Bucharest for consultations on the troubles .
Most of the protesters on the streets of Chisinau were students who say they see no future if Communists keep their hold on the ex-Soviet state of four million people .
Late in the evening , about 600 people were still massed outside parliament .
Some had waved European , Romanian and Moldovan flags from the roof of the president ’s offices .
A former interior minister , Voronin has overseen stability since 2001 , but many Moldovans still live in poverty .
“ The authorities in Moldova will not allow groups of fascists intoxicated with hatred to trample on our democracy , ” he said in a television address , adding that opposition leaders had “ embarked on the path of violent seizure of power . ”
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , who had congratulated Voronin on his party ’s election win , called for a speedy and calm resolution of the situation .
The European Union and the United States urged an end to the violence .
“ What ’s important here is that ... people desist from any type of violent activity .
That does n’t help anything , ” U.S. State Department spokesman Robert Wood said in Washington .
Amarok has many exciting features .
Here 's just the tip of the iceberg .
Integrated Web Services
Much of where work has been invested in Amarok 2 is the Web services integration .
Now Amarok can connect to various
Web services and access the music directly , greatly expanding the potential number of songs at your fingertips .
Thanks to the powerful API , adding additional services can be done with very little effort .
Last.fm Scrobble and listen to any last .fm radio stream with fully featured last .fm integration .
Magnatune Buy tracks from the integrated Magnatune store , and help support the music label that Is Not Evil .
The Echo Nest Recommendations Let The Echo Nest recommend songs similar to ones you are already playing .
Ampache Connect remotely to an Ampache music server and browse , search , playback media files .
MP3tunes Download and Upload to your MP3tunes Locker in Amarok .
Never leave your music at home again !
Jamendo Service Enjoy Jamendo's rich database of independent artists .
OPML Podcast Directory Find , subscribe , and download audio and video podcasts from all over the ultimate podcast directory .
Librivox Listen to streaming audio books straight from the Librivox catalog .
Features
Scripts Enhance your Amarok experience with community developed scripts .
Dynamic Playlists
Create playlists that automatically update based on complex , but easy to use , constraints .
e.g. , tracks from around the year 1967
Context View Customize the supplemental information related to your music with the Plasma powered Context View .
PopUp Dropper Simplify drag and drop actions with the revolutionary PopUp Dropper menu system .
Multiple Language Translations Enjoy Amarok in your native language , with over 45 community contributed translations .
Cross Platform
Thanks to Qt4 and KDE4 technologies you can run Amarok on Linux , Mac OS X , and Windows .
Collection Management Organizing your music collection has never been easier with Amarok 's powerful tagging , renaming , and sorting abilities .
Database Importing Import your iTunes or old Amarok 1.4 database and keep your playcounts , statistics , and scores .
Scriptable Services Integrate other web services into Amarok with community developed services .
Here are just a few : Greek Radio Streams , and NPR .
At an age when most graffiti writers are either retired from vandalism or dead from huffing fumes , Dr. Kenneth C. Hopper is just hitting his stride .
The 70 - year - old opthalmologist was arrested in Warren County , about 60 miles north of Albany , for spraypainting â€œROWLOWâ€ on an overpass .
Hopper claims he simply finds the word â€œintriguing , â€  but another doctor , Frank Rollo , believes Hopper has been targeting him with the graffiti for 15 years , following a longstanding personal dispute .
Check out the local television news report and a mugshot of the geriatric vandal below .
Top photo by Don Lehman
Advertisements
On FNC ’s Hannity last night host Sean Hannity agreed to allow himself to be waterboarded for charity .
Just in case Sean has no idea what he agreed to , here is some video of Kaj Larsen being waterboarded , and a military expert ’s description of waterboarding .
Here is the video courtesy of Think Progress :
Here is the video of Kaj Larsen being waterboarded :
Advertisements
Malcolm Nance , a former master instructor at chief of training at the U.S. Navy Survival , Evasion , Resistance and Escape School ( SERE ) in San Diego described waterboarding in detail in 2007 , “ In the media , waterboarding is called “ simulated drowning , ” but that ’s a misnomer .
It does not simulate drowning , as the lungs are actually filling with water .
There is no way to simulate that .
The victim is drowning . ”
He continued , “ Unless you have been strapped down to the board , have endured the agonizing feeling of the water overpowering your gag reflex , and then feel your throat open and allow pint after pint of water to involuntarily fill your lungs , you will not know the meaning of the word . ”
There is no way that Hannity will go through with this .
If he does happen to have the guts to do it , you can be certain that it wo n’t be shown on his show .
He was trying to rely on the tried and true conservative position that anything done in the name of the troops is patriotic .
Hannity would become an expert on the subject , if he would allow himself to be waterboarded .
His opinion would have credibility , bit since credibility has never been very important to Sean Hannity , I would expect him to forget about this whole thing by tonight .
Starting Python , Elixir , and SQLite
When I did the post about Storm , someone suggested that I look into Elixir .
Since I did n’t have time to at the time , I made a note of looking into it at a later time .
That time is now . :)
Elixir and Storm are very similar , they ’re both object relational mappers that provide an easy way to map your objects to database tables .
In a future post , I ’ll do a more in depth comparison between the two in a future post .
Starting out , Elixir uses SQL Alchemy as a backend .
While working with the tool you will probably find yourself running into things you may not understand if you ’re not familiar with SQL Alchemy .
Keeping open a tab in firefox pointed at the SQL Alchemy documentation can be useful .
It does show through in certain instances .
There are two main starting points for an ORM tool .
There is the case where you ’re starting with an existing database , and the case where you ’re setting up the database from scratch .
Mapping to a table that already exists with Elixir can be a little tricky depending on the relationships .
It ’s as simple as this to connect to a database :
metadata .
bind = " sqlite:///../sizedb.sqlite " metadata.bind = " sqlite:///../sizedb.sqlite "
Here is a simple example :
class Location ( Entity ) : using_options ( tablename = ' TABLE_LOC ' ) loc_id = Field ( Integer , primary_key = True ) location = Field ( UnicodeText ) class Location ( Entity ) : using_options ( tablename= ' TABLE_LOC ') loc_id = Field ( Integer , primary_key =True ) location = Field ( UnicodeText )
And here is a more complex example of connecting to an existing database table :
class Comparison ( Entity ) : using_options ( tablename = ' TABLE_COMP ' ) comp_id = Field ( Integer , primary_key = True ) date_added = Field ( DateTime , default = datetime .
datetime .
now ) hits =
Field ( Integer , default = 1 ) smaller = ManyToOne ( ' Phrase ' , colname = ' smaller_id ' ) larger = ManyToOne ( ' Phrase ' , colname = ' larger_id ' ) sentences = ManyToMany ( ' Sentence ' , tablename = ' TABLE_COMP_SENT ' , local_side = ' comp_id ' , remote_side = ' sent_id ' , column_format = " % ( key ) s " ) class Comparison ( Entity ) : using_options ( tablename= ' TABLE_COMP ' ) comp_id = Field ( Integer , primary_key =True ) date_added = Field ( DateTime , default=datetime.datetime.now ) hits = Field ( Integer , default=1 ) smaller = ManyToOne ( ' Phrase ' , colname= ' smaller_id ' ) larger = ManyToOne ( ' Phrase ' , colname= ' larger_id ' ) sentences = ManyToMany ( ' Sentence ' , tablename= ' TABLE_COMP_SENT ' , local_side=' comp_id ' , remote_side= ' sent_id ' , column_format= " %( key ) s " )
I left out most of the class specific code to focus on Elixir .
One thing that took a while to figure out was how to setup a ManyToMany relationship with specific columns in my database .
The column_format parameter is the key to being able to specify your column names directly .
I really did n’t have to use any other options besides what you see above when connecting to an existing database .
Overall , I had about five database tables to connect .
Now if it was not being setup with an existing database , many of the parameters in the different relationships are unnecessary .
For comparison here is the same example if Elixir is used to create the database tables :
class Comparison ( Entity ) : comp_id = Field ( Integer , primary_key = True ) date_added = Field ( DateTime , default = datetime .
datetime .
now ) hits =
Field ( Integer , default = 1 ) smaller = ManyToOne ( ' Phrase ' ) larger = ManyToOne ( ' Phrase ' ) sentences = ManyToMany ( ' Sentence ' ) class Comparison ( Entity ) : comp_id = Field ( Integer , primary_key =True ) date_added = Field ( DateTime , default=datetime.datetime.now ) hits = Field ( Integer , default=1 ) smaller = ManyToOne ( ' Phrase ') larger = ManyToOne ( ' Phrase ') sentences = ManyToMany ( ' Sentence ')
As you can see , it gets quite a bit simpler .
The underlying table information is no longer needed .
It created tables that were very similar to my hand - created tables that I had used with Storm .
When it comes to queries on the database , SQL Alchemist shows through .
I found the documentation on the Elixir webpage to be a little bit lacking in terms of queries .
SQL Alchemist has a page that more fully describes the query functions .
AND and OR operators are named and_ and or_ , respectively , probably because and and or are reserved in Python .
I thought this was worth mentioning because they are common SQL operators .
But there ’s another technology that ’s developing at a breakneck clip , and with which our grandchildren could make virtual trips to other solar systems .
It ’s called telepresence  a collection of technologies that extends vision , hearing and touch far beyond the corporeal confines of our nervous system .
Consider that in 1965 the Mariner 4 spacecraft made the first fuzzy photos of Mars with a black - and - white TV camera boasting 40,000 pixels .
The HiRISE camera now operating onboard NASA ’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter sports 200 million pixels .
It can snap photos of objects just three feet across .
That ’s resolution comparable to what ’s on Google Earth , which many people use to examine remote parts of the globe or inspect cities known only from the nightly news .
Google Mars takes advantage of the high - quality imagery being collected by our robotic orbiters , enabling armchair astronauts to peruse the red planet in considerable detail without the angst of transporting their delicate protoplasm 34 million miles into space .
Photography from the Mars Exploration Rover is so good that the data have been interpreted in an IMAX film , giving audiences a near - lifelike experience in strolling the red planet ’s rusty , dusty desert .
The Phoenix Mars lander has sent back pictures of individual sand grains .
In other words , it ’s already possible for anyone to make a rigorous reconnaissance of another planet  even though not a single human has yet stomped his boots in the Martian dust .
This is not merely the tired argument over manned versus unmanned space missions .
Sending humans to the stars is simply not in the offing .
But this is how we could survey other worlds , around other suns .
We fling data - collecting , robotic craft to the stars .
These proxy explorers can be very small , and consequently can be shot spaceward at tremendous speed even with the types of rockets now available .
Robot probes do n’t require life support systems , do n’t get sick or claustrophobic and do n’t insist on round - trip tickets .
A plausible solution would be to re-energize NASA ’s development of nuclear - powered rockets , with the intention of building a craft able to send clusters of micro-bots into deep space at velocities of , say , one - tenth light speed .
Depending on financing and our ability to garner international cooperation , these probes could be sent off before the 21st century starts to wane .
By the middle of the following century , on - the - scene data from Epsilon Eridani , the nearest known planetary system , could be in our hands .
These microbots would supply the information that , fed to computers , would allow us to explore alien planets in the same way that we navigate the virtual spaces of video games or wander through online environments like Second Life .
High - tech masks and data gloves , sartorial accessories considerably more comfortable than a spacesuit , would permit you to see the landscape , touch objects and even smell the air .
Our desire to walk a landscape that basks in the light of another star , to hear the whistle of an alien planet ’s wind and feel its sting on our faces , will not  any century soon  be sated by hurling massive , human - filled starships into space .
Instead , we will extend our senses light - years beyond Earth with these telepresence proxies and data collectors .
That ’s a far more realistic version of the “ Star Trek ” future : to explore distant worlds , under alien suns , without leaving the familiar surroundings of our terrestrial home .
I was going to add these as updates to my earlier post but they just became too voluminous !
No one could have predicted that rightwing nutjobs would use the recent concern over the outbreak of swine flu to attack Obama :
Exhibit 1 : Fred Thompson jumps into the fray with a poll asking whether Obama is overreacting for political gain !
C’mon Fred — let ’s get a real juicy question up there ; how about “ Did Obama ’s secret gay underage boy muslim sex harem infect us with swine flu ? ”
Exhibit 2 : Rush Limbaugh sees an elaborate conspiracy to get Americans to “ respond to government orders . ”
After the break , Rush attacked the UN for issuing a warning for a worldwide flu pandemic , claiming that it is “ by design ” to get people to respond to government orders .
The media fall right in line with this stuff , Rush said , amplifying the nature of the crisis .
Rush — in his capacity as public health expert — added that “ the flu ’s a common thing . ”
Exhibit 3 : Glenn Beck envisions an evil liberal plot to force the Senate to confirm demonic baby - killing abortionist Kathleen Sebelius as head of the Department of Health and Human Services .
Exhibit 4 : The president of the conservative group Concerned Women for America echoes Blubbering Beck :
“ Some people think that declaring a state of emergency about the flu was a political thing to push the Sebelius nomination through , ” said Wright .
She pointed to news stories that ask whether the slow - walking of the Sebelius choice will hurt the response to the flu .
“ If there ’s even a hint that [ Department of Homeland Security ] is manipulating the health situation to push a political appointee through , well , it almost defies imagination that they ’d be willing to that . ”
Wright said that she ’d heard the speculation “ on talk radio , ” and wanted to be skeptical , but “ there ’s too much of a basis in that argument to easily dismiss it . ”
I can’t imagine why no self - respecting person would consider calling themselves a Republican these days .
Comcast airs Girls Gone Wild commercial during Vatican ’s Good Friday service , sales skyrocket
So there you are in Philadelphia , wrapped up all nice and toasty in your Snuggies at 2 a.m .
You ’re watching the Vatican ’s Good Friday service and what does your local Comcast cable system accidentally show ?
A commercial for “ Girls Gone Wild ’s Search for the Wildest Bar in America . ”
It might have been Good Friday , but this was bad .
Real bad .
“ A spokesman for the cable company said the ad was aired inadvertently due to a test of the Emergency Alert System , during which the channel airs regular programming — which in this case included an advertisement for “ Girls Gone Wild ’s Search for the Wildest Bar in America ” DVD . ”
Now Girls Gone
Wild head honcho Joe Francis says sales skyrocketed in Philadelphia .
“ We may have tapped into a whole new market , ” he said .
“ It seems that many of the same people interested in the Pope ’s message are also interested in ours . ”
Based on that statement , it looks like Joe Francis found the Wildest Bar in America .
Now would someone do him a favor and get him a taxi .
He ’s in no shape to drive .
Source : TheLiveFeed
Now , if I could travel through time , I 'd head for the future , but for some reason , people just keep heading for the not - so - distant past where they run into their own mothers .
Advertisement
1 . Your mother falls for you .
When Marty McFly heads back to the Fifties in Back to the Future , I 'm fairly certain winning his mother 's affections was n't on his to - do list , especially since he needs her to fall in love with his father in order to be , you know , born in the first place .
Also because it's his own mother .
It 's bad enough as a teenager to have to contemplate your parent 's love life ; the last thing you really want is to become a participant .
And Marty McFly might be a lot of things , but he is n't the guy from Reason # 2 , who . . .
Advertisement
2 . You fall for your own mother .
Sure , Oedipus did it , but we all know how well that went .
So when Lazarus Long , the protagonist of Robert A. Heinlein 's Time Enough for Love , finds himself doing just that , he should have an inkling it 's a bad move .
Long accidentally jumps into 1916 when he'd been aiming for the Twenties , and he falls in love with his own mother .
In order to avoid the object of his affections , Long enlists in the army and ends up a combat soldier in World War One .
( Un ) fortunately , he survives and returns to consummate his love .
Awkward .
( Basically , he manages to end up fighting in war that he did n't really want to and still manages to do his own mother .
This makes a strong case against time travel right here . )
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
( 2B .
You are your own mother : Heinlein also wrote the short story titled " — All You Zombies — " in which the protagonist somehow manages to be both his own mother and his own father due to a lot of relatively convoluted circumstances , including emergency sex changes and baby - stealing .
Thus convincing me that sexual relations and time travel do not mix . )
Advertisement
3 . Your mother thinks you 're having an affair with your father .
Actually , " Father 's Day " ( Series 1 , Episode 8 of Doctor Who ) gives out a whole laundry list of reasons you should never voluntarily go back in time to meet your parents .
Rose wants to be there for her father , Pete , on the day he dies , but when she saves him , she seriously messes up time and Reapers ( flying creature who eat temporal paradoxes for lunch — literally ) descend .
When she and her father meet up with her mother , her mother , Jackie , assumes Rose to be her husband 's hot young mistress .
Rose 's father explains that , no , Rose is his daughter , and Jackie reads it as one of those " Surprise !
I have a secret lovechild from my dark secret past " things , à la an episode of As the World Turns .
Pete hands
Rose her baby self , but Rose having physical contact with another her causes further paradoxing .
( Perhaps an addendum to the rules of time travel should be , " Do n't touch yourself . " )
Actually , this whole situation is starting to sound like a soap opera .
But with paradox - eating monsters .
Advertisement
4 . You disappoint your mother and she does n't even know who you are .
In Episode 4 of Life on Mars ( UK ) , Sam Tyler , still stuck back in 1973 , runs into his own mother , Ruth , while trying to take down a gangster named Stephen Warren that has half the police force in his pocket .
Warren even tried to pay off Sam , who takes the money very , very reluctantly .
When he learns that his mother 's having money trouble , he tries to alleviate his guilt by offering her the money .
She is , of course , offended , additionally reading him as one of those dirty bribe - taking cops .
Lucky for Sam , she has no idea he's her son , so her opinion of Sam Tyler has n't been lowered any .
Just her opinion of a cop she thinks is named Bolan .
( Who knew that Sam was a glam rock fan ?
Additional note :
In the equivalent episode of the US remake , Sam 's mother is named Rose .
That 's right .
Rose Tyler . )
Advertisement
5. Dramatic Irony
In " In the Beginning " ( Supernatural , Season 4 , Episode 3 ) , the angel Castiel ( who I notice dresses exactly like Loomis from the original Halloween film ) sends Dean Winchester back in time to 1973 , telling him to " stop it . "
Stop what ?
He really does n't say .
And I 'm noticing that 1973 seems a popular year to meet your parents .
Anyway , Dean meets his father , John , and basically tells him which car to buy , before running in to his mother and learning that ( Surprise ! ) she comes from a family of hunters , and ( Surprise ! Irony ! ) it 's a lifestyle she would never wish on her own future children .
Which is , of course , part of the appeal of John : he 's not a hunter , just a nice , normal guy .
Again with the dramatic irony .
Anyway , by the end of the episode , she 's made a deal with the Yellow - Eyed Demon that seals Sam 's demon baby fate ( and her own doom ) in exchange for John 's ( nice , normal , non- hunter ) life .
After which , Castiel shows up and tells
Dean he could n't have stopped that from happening anyway .
He just told Dean to try in order to prove that you can't .
Methinks Castiel needs to find less jerktastic ways of proving his points .
But , hey , at least Dean got an experience that O .
Henry probably could n't have written better .
6 . Your mother - daughter meet - up becomes a bad after - school special .
Literally .
In 1977 , Francine Pascal of Sweet Valley fame wrote Hangin '
Out with Cici , a Young Adult novel that tells the tale of an adolescent girl named Victoria who thinks that her mother is too strict and does n't understand her .
Clearly , her mother has no idea what it 's like being thirteen .
One day , however , she finds herself suddenly in the past , where she meets a cool girl named Cici , who 's apparently the most awesome new friend Victoria could have asked for .
It 's no surprise , then , that Cici is Victoria 's mother , who does in fact know what being thirteen is like .
Touching , right ?
So touching , in fact , that in 1981 , it was made into an ABC Afterschool Special , entitled My Mother Was Never a Kid .
I figure the lesson was supposed to be something touching about parental relationships , but what it really teaches you is that time travel can happen anytime , anywhere , without warning or reason .
Taking a cue from Amazon.com , Sun Microsystems Inc. plans to launch its own " public cloud " service , which will let everyone from big - time corporations to dorm - room entrepreneurs run their businesses on Sun 's computers without buying hardware of their own .
Santa Clara , Calif . - based
Sun planned to announce the offering Wednesday , in a move that reflects the growing interest in so - called " cloud computing , " which is industry jargon for providing computing resources over the Internet .
Traditional data centers hog energy , and stocking them with cutting - edge servers and storage machines is expensive , which explains the appeal of cloud - based services .
Some examples range from Web - based e-mail to customer - management programs from Salesforce.com Inc .
Amazon says more than 490,000 people and corporations have signed up for its cloud computing service since it launched in 2006 , but some analysts have criticized it as a financial dud .
Amazon does n't break the division 's financials , and wo n't say whether it is profitable .
Sun says its public cloud is just one element of its strategy .
Lew Tucker , chief technology officer for Sun 's cloud computing group , said Sun believes there are bigger profits in selling the technology to companies that want to provide cloud services themselves , or to large corporations that want cloud services for its employees but refuse to surrender their most sensitive , proprietary data .
Sun needs a new revenue channel , having seen it become harder and harder to sell new server hardware to corporate customers .
Sales in Sun 's server division fell $ 191 million last year to $ 6.26 billion .
There is no Such Thing as Obscenity
Justice Potter Stewart , who did not mean to be funny , said he could not define obscenity but " I know it when I see it . "
The Supreme Court flip - flopped for decades , continually redefining obscenity , until , in 1973 , it settled on the so - called Miller standard , according to which obscenity is the subset of pornography which is prurient , patently offensive , and lacking in significant scientific , literary , artistic , or political ( " SLAP " ) value .
Therefore , obscenity is defined as a subset of something which cannot itself be defined .
This definition , constantly in use in the more than twenty years since Miller , betrays a weakness in the rulebook , or rather , in the Supreme Court 's implementation of the American version of the rulebook .
A good Supreme Court rule is internally consistent , logical , and fair .
The Miller rule is none of these .
It is a machine which gets its work done in a way that does n't make any sense .
Miller , like the case law before it , presupposes that obscenity is not speech and therefore not protected by the First Amendment .
Note that this was not a necessary step to ban or regulate pornography ; the courts could just as easily have determined that pornography was less - valued speech .
By holding it not to be speech at all , the courts laid the ground for Miller 's most obvious illogicality .
Miller defines expression as " not - speech " if it is prurient and patently offensive , then throws logic to the winds with the SLAP standard .
Since anything with SLAP value is , by definition , First Amendment protected speech , the Miller standard really states as follows :
" Anything which is prurient , patently offensive , and not speech is not speech . "
Or you might try to save the standard by phrasing it like this :
" Anything which is prurient and patently offensive is not speech , unless it has SLAP value , in which case it is speech . "
Even this definition would be somewhat like defining a bird as " any animal with wings except insects or mammals " .
It completely fails to define obscenity in terms of what it is , rather than what it is not .
Procedurally , the material being evaluated for obscenity becomes a sort of football .
The prosecutor , claiming it is prurient and patently offensive , throws it out of bounds .
The defense attorney , showing it has SLAP value , throws it back in .
Since under our system , everyone is innocent until proven guilty , placing the burden on the defendant to show SLAP value denies due process of law .
Proving the accused material to be " not speech " is a key element of the crime .
The onus should therefore be on the prosecutor to prove there is no SLAP value , not on the defendant to show that there is .
Another gross defect in the Miller standard is that obscenity , rather than being defined in terms of some objective , internal qualities , is defined entirely in terms of how we react to it .
We are otherwise left clueless as to what it is .
Prurience has been paraphrased as meaning that the material " turns us on " , while patent offensiveness means that it also " grosses us out " .
Of course , how I feel about something may tell you nothing about it .
A humorous example is the scene in Woody Allen 's Manhattan where he states that two men are anti-Semites because he overheard one saying to the other " Jew eat ? " and the other reply , " No , Jew ? "
The comment gives us insight into Allen 's personage , but none whatever into the intentions of the men he overheard .
Obscenity law means that someone -- the speaker of the illicit speech -- can go to prison for the listener 's reaction or even over - reaction , largely divorced from any actual intention of the speech itself .
In a recent case , a student was convicted of ordering a videotape which portrayed clothed adolescent girls dancing .
Since prurience and patent offensiveness are determined by the local standards of the community in which the prosecution takes place , nothing in Miller legally or logically prevents a prosecutor from charging , or a jury from finding , that the kissing scenes in Gone With the Wind are obscene .
Prosecutors have run into unusual difficulties in cases where the behavior being described is so kinky that jurors do not find it a turn - on and therefore cannot satisfy prong one of Miller .
For example , shoe fetishism is something to which the average juror cannot relate .
Therefore , the prosecutor calls an expert witness to explain to the jury that someone -- the intended listener -- finds the speech in question prurient .
This raises the insane paradox that speech can be held obscene if someone other than the jurors finds it prurient , but can never be found legal if someone other than the jurors finds it not to be prurient .
In other words , we will bring in the standards of others to persuade the jury to convict , but never to allow them to acquit ( though the defense is permitted , sometimes , to introduce experts to convince the jury that their own standards are other than what they think they are . )
The free speech rule - book , as embodied in our First Amendment , avoids any content - based regulation of speech .
If you are allowed to burn a flag or a cross , you are allowed to do so for all purposes .
We do n't have laws saying that you can burn a flag to express something else but not to criticise our country .
The basic tenet of the rule - book , " there is no such thing as an evil idea , " means that we will not inquire into the contents of speech .
Obscenity laws flagrantly contradict this rule , making our implementation of the rule - book flawed .
Why is sexual speech considered " not speech " , while violent speech is protected ?
The contemporary form of cinema I call the gun play is prurient in its own way , appealing to our violent impulses and even ( in a lightly disguised way ) to our sexuality .
It is also patently offensive by my standards .
Why is it presumed to have SLAP value , while sexual speech is presumed not to unless proven otherwise ?
Some inflammatory political speech also panders to base instincts and is patently offensive .
The Turner Diaries , in which people exactly like me are strung up from trees , might be termed political " obscenity " , but is universally considered to be First Amendment protected .
The American implementation of the free speech rule - book adapts the basic tenet to say " There is no such thing as an evil idea , unless it is sexual . "
In software terms , Miller was a kluge , a bad hack .
( Its application of community standards , which I have dealt with elsewhere , is also senseless in an era of global networks and mass media . )
An honest implementation of the free speech rulebook would lead us to the inescapable conclusion that obscenity , like pornography , cannot be defined .
Then we could turn our attention to the only issue that makes sense : how to make sure that our children do not see material which , in our personal opinion , is hurtful for them .
When the sole consequence of a community standard is that parents and communities can decide what speech to listen to , and no - one goes to prison as a result , the rulebook will be functioning in its full glory .
by Martin Robbins
Back in 2001 , the Portuguese government defied stiff opposition from right - wing groups to decriminalise drug use , making drug laws far more liberal than even the Netherlands .
The right predicted Bad Things : Drug use would explode , tourists would travel from far and wide to get high on the streets of Lisbon , law and order would collapse , and people would start riding around in modified cars and fighting in Thunderdomes .
The reality was quite different as two reports published in the last 18 months have demonstrated , the Libertarian Cato Institute have declared the policy an undisputed success on the basis of a report by Glenn Greenwald , and this has been a popular assessment among liberal people .
How correct is it though ?
Let ’s look at the evidence .
The changes were made in July 2001 , and it ’s important to be clear about what they mean .
The new law decriminalised the use , possession and acquisition of all illicit substances for persona use .
This is not the same as legalisation .
What it meant was that the legal response to drug use would be changed .
Instead of penal punishments – fines or prison – users would be referred to “ Commissions for the Dissuasion of Drug Addiction ” ( Comissões para a Dissuasão da Toxicodependência – CDTs ) .
These CDTs are panels made up of three people – a social worker , legal advisor and medical professional – supported by technical experts .
The police refer people caught in possession to the panel , and the panels work to institute sanctions designed to help the offender with their drug problem .
In short , the system is designed to redefine drug use as a public health issue rather than a criminal issue .
It ’s also important to realise that this was n’t a policy implemented in isolation .
At the same time , a wide range of public health initiative were brought in , for example increasing the size of drug - treatment programs , and improving drug awareness education in schools .
On the law and order front , the strategy of the police became more focused on the drug trafficking network – dealers and distributors .
It was partly because things were looking so bad that the government were able to push through such a radical agenda .
Anyway , let ’s take a look at Greenwald ’s assessment of the situation in 2009 for the Cato Institute .
As you would expect from a Libertarian organisation , the Cato report is eager to present the case that the decriminalisation of drugs in Portugal has been a complete success story , and I ’ll be honest , they have a good case .
Greenwald excitedly concludes from his analysis of the data that :
“ The data show that , judged by virtually every metric , the Portuguese decriminalization framework has been a resounding success .
Within this success lie self - evident lessons that should guide drug policy debates around the world . ”
The problem with Greenwald ’s Cato report is that his analysis of the facts starts to get rather muddled .
Consider this extract on adolescent and post - adolescent age - groups :
“ Prevalence rates for the 15 – 24 age group have increased only very slightly , whereas the rates for the critical 15 – 19 age group — critical because such a substantial number of young citizens begin drug usage during these years — have actually decreased in absolute terms since decriminalization .
“ Perhaps most strikingly , while prevalence rates for the period from 1999 to 2005 , for the 16 – 18 age group , increased somewhat for cannabis ( 9.4 to 15.1 percent ) and for drugs generally ( 12.3 to 17.7 percent ) , the prevalence rate decreased during that same period for heroin ( 2.5 to 1.8 percent ) , the substance that Portuguese drug officials believed was far and away the most socially destructive . ”
What the above basically demonstrates is that if you cherry - pick the right start years and end years for an age - group , you can get almost any result you want .
I ’ve also picked on this quote because it ’s a good example of some of the wordplay used in the report .
An increase of over 60 % in cannabis use and 40 % in general drug use is described as “ increased somewhat ” , and notice the slightly subjective selection of heroin as the most important variable .
In short , while the liberal side of me really wants to believe the Cato report , I ’m not convinced .
The more sober and scientific Beckley foundation report from 2007 .
They present the same data , and agree with the Cato report that while cannabis use has increased , heroin use has decreased , there has been an increase in people seeking drug treatment , and a decrease in drug - related deaths .
Additionally they make the observation that :
“ Decriminalization has enabled earlier intervention and more targeted and therapeutic responses to drug users , increased collaboration across a network of services and the increased attention to adopting policies that work .
This is perceived to be reducing the level of current and future drug use and harm . ”
Naturally , liberal , libertarian and left - leaning commentators have leapt on these results as evidence of two things : that Portugal ’s drug policies have worked ; and that they should be implemented elsewhere .
I really want to agree with this , but on the basis of the evidence presented this ca n’t be demonstrated .
Problem with Cato ’s conclusions
There are two basic problems which mean that the science cannot yet support the conclusions that the Cato institute have enthusiastically drawn from the Portuguese experiment .
The first point is that there have been genuine problems with this policy .
Yes , the situation with heroin has improved , but at the same time use of some other drugs has increased , and there is some suspicion that occasional drug use may have increased .
There ’s also the cost in terms of money , manpower and resources : even those in favour of the current policy have conceded that state infrastructure has not kept pace with things like the increase in the numbers of people seeking treatment .
The second and even bigger issue is the role of natural variation in drug use .
One of the mantras of science is that correlation does not imply causation – just because certain metrics of drug use changed after 2001 , it does not logically follow that drugs policies must have been the cause .
There is actually precious little evidence that drugs policies significantly affect the use of drugs , or if so to what extent .
Even measuring drug use accurately is difficult , and it ’s unlikely that any of the figures presented are particularly accurate .
This makes the conclusions of the Cato report unscientific and unfounded .
But there are a couple of other points that liberals can take hold of and pursue .
The first is that right - wing groups predicted disaster when the laws were liberalised , and this simply did not happen .
Drug use in many categories decreased , and while it increased in some areas ( notably cannabis ) , these increases were far too small to offset the overall trend , which has been downwards .
Heroin was a major problem , along with the transmission of HIV through dirty needles , but the rates of both heroin use and HIV infection in drug users have decreased .
Nor has it happened in other countries that have taken steps towards liberalising drugs laws .
It ’s time for this myth to die a death , and for the right - wing to find better arguments .
The second is that there has been a great surge of Portuguese people seeking treatment for drug - related problems .
This may have put a strain on social and health services , but with adequate funding clearly this is a positive effect that would be good to replicate elsewhere .
Unfortunately , with a Labour party that seems to thrive on authority , and a Conservative party waiting to come into power next year , it ’s an experiment that we ’re unlikely to see conducted in the UK any time soon .
Which is a shame , because more empirical evidence is one thing our drugs policy could really do with .
— — –
Got ideas for next week ’s column ?
Find me on Twitter : @mjrobbins
Update : LeftOutside has further reading following on from this article .
This is a list of films available under a Creative Commons license .
Qualification for inclusion : Having a wikipedia article is a good qualifier for inclusion on this page .
Though not having one probably should n't be a disqualifier .
And , almost obviously , they must have a CC licensed version .
For another resource see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_content_film
This is just a start and is woefully incomplete .
Please add missing titles and fill in missing information .
Add a new Film
{{#forminput : Film |35 | Film Name|}}
Documentary Films
{{#ask : filmtype :: Documentary |limit=200 |mainlabel=Name |?mainurl=URL |?length=Length |?license=License
}}
Feature Films
{{#ask : filmtype :: FeatureFilm |limit=200 |mainlabel=Title |?mainurl=Main URL |?length=Length ( mins ) |?license=License
}}
{{#ask : format :: MovingImage size ::+ |limit=100 |mainlabel=Title |?mainurl=Website |?size=Size }}
They will not be the only ones partaking : April 20 has long been an unofficial day of celebration for marijuana fans , an occasion for campus smoke - outs , concerts and cannabis festivals .
“ It is the biggest moment yet , ” said Ethan Nadelmann , the founder and executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance in Washington , who cited several national polls showing growing support for legalization .
“ There ’s a sense that the notion of legalizing marijuana is starting to cross the fringes into mainstream debate . ”
For Mr. Nadelmann and others like him , the signs of change are everywhere , from the nation ’s statehouses — where more than a dozen legislatures have taken up measures to allow some medical use of marijuana or some easing of penalties for recreational use — to its swimming pools , where an admission of marijuana use by the Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps was largely forgiven with a shrug .
Long stigmatized as political poison , the marijuana movement has found new allies in prominent politicians , including Representatives Barney Frank , Democrat of Massachusetts , and Ron Paul , Republican of Texas , who co-wrote a bill last year to decrease federal penalties for possession and to give medical users new protections .
The bill failed , but with the recession prompting bulging budget deficits , some legislators in California and Massachusetts have gone further , suggesting that the drug could be legalized and taxed , a concept that has intrigued even such ideologically opposed pundits as Glenn Beck of Fox News and Jack Cafferty of CNN .
“ Look , I ’m a libertarian , ” Mr. Beck said on his Feb. 26 program .
“ You want to legalize marijuana , you want to legalize drugs — that ’s fine . ”
All of which has longtime proponents of the drug feeling oddly optimistic and even overexposed .
“ We ’ve been on national cable news more in the first three months than we typically are in an entire year , ” said Bruce Mirken , the director of communications for the Marijuana Policy Project , a reform group based in Washington .
“ And any time you ’ve got Glenn Beck and Barney Frank agreeing on something , it ’s either a sign that change is impending or that the end times are here . ”
Beneficiaries of the moment include Norml , the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , which advocates legalization , and other groups like it .
Norml says that its Web traffic and donations ( sometimes in $ 4.20 increments ) have surged , and that it will begin a television advertising campaign on Monday , which concludes with a plea , and an homage , to President Obama .
“ Legalization , ” the advertisement says , “ yes we can ! ”
That seems unlikely anytime soon .
In a visit last week to Mexico , where drug violence has claimed thousands of lives and threatened to spill across the border , Mr. Obama said the United States must work to curb demand for drugs .
Still , pro-marijuana groups have applauded recent remarks by Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. , who suggested that federal law enforcement resources would not be used to pursue legitimate medical marijuana users and outlets in California and a dozen other states that allow medical use of the drug .
Court battles are also percolating .
The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit heard arguments last Tuesday in San Francisco in a 2007 lawsuit challenging the government ’s official skepticism about medical uses of the drug .
But Allen F. St. Pierre , the executive director of Norml , said he had cautioned supporters that any legal changes that might occur would probably be incremental .
“ The balancing act this year is trying to get our most active , most vocal supporters to be more realistic in their expectations in what the Obama administration is going to do , ” Mr. St. Pierre said .
For fans of the drug , perhaps the biggest indicator of changing attitudes is how widespread the observance of April 20 has become , including its use in marketing campaigns for stoner - movie openings ( like last year ’s “ Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantánamo Bay ” ) and as a peg for marijuana - related television programming ( like the G4 network ’s prime - time double bill Monday of “ Super High Me ” and “ Half Baked ” ) .
Events tied to April 20 have “ reached the tipping point in the last few years after being a completely underground phenomenon for a long time , ” said Steven Hager , the creative director and former editor of High Times .
“ And I think that ’s symptomatic of the fact that people ’s perception of marijuana is reaching a tipping point . ”
Mr. Hager said the significance of April 20 dates to a ritual begun in the early 1970s in which a group of Northern California teenagers smoked marijuana every day at 4:20 p.m .
Word of the ritual spread and expanded to a yearly event in various places .
Soon , marijuana aficionados were using “ 420 ” as a code for smoking and using it as a sign - off on fliers for concerts where the drug would be plentiful .
In recent years , the April 20 events have become so widespread that several colleges have urged students to just say no .
At the University of Colorado , Boulder , where thousands of students regularly use the day to light up in the quad , administrators sent an e-mail message this month pleading with students not to “ participate in unlawful activity that debases the reputation of your university and degree . ”
A similar warning was sent to students at the University of California , Santa Cruz — home of the Grateful Dead archives — which banned overnight guests at residence halls leading up to April 20 .
None of which , of course , is expected to discourage the dozens of parties — large and small — planned for Monday , including the top - secret crowning of Ms. High Times .
In San Francisco , meanwhile , where a city supervisor , Ross Mirkarimi , suggested last week that the city should consider getting into the medical marijuana business as a provider , big crowds are expected to turn out at places like Hippie Hill , a drum - happy glade in Golden Gate Park .
A cloud of pungent smoke is also expected to be thick at concerts like one planned at the Fillmore rock club , where the outspoken pro-marijuana hip - hop group Cypress Hill is expected to take the stage at 4:20 p.m .
“ You can see twice the amount of smoke as you do at a regular show , ” said B - Real , a rapper in the group .
“ And it ’s a great fragrance . ”
Complete Title : For Marijuana Advocates , Not -So -Secret Holiday Hints at Change
A version of this article appeared in print on April 20 , 2009 , on page A13 of the New York edition .
Source : New York Times ( NY )
Author : Jesse McKinley
Published : April 19 , 2009 - Page A13
Copyright : 2009 The New York Times Company
Contact : letters@nytimes.com
Website : http://www.nytimes.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/w3GDfLb9
CannabisNews -- Cannabis Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/cannabis.shtml
One fan has raced the course as Sy Snootles , Yoda , Boba Fett , and more .
Find out how she did it and what she learned along the way !
Live Review : Leonard Cohen at the Nokia Theatre , April 11
There are swinging dicks and there are swinging dicks , but when your star power is of such magnitude that it uproots the highest echelon of celebrities to come down from The Mount to see you perform , chances are you ’re the biggest swinging dick of them all .
Such a case can be made for Leonard Cohen , who entertained the likes of Sting and Dustin Hoffman , among others , during his sold - out , two - night stand at the Nokia Theatre last weekend .
Now 74 , Cohen , who has been touring regularly since last year , is clearly making the most of his remaining time on earth by reminding the masses that his passed urine possesses more talent than most mortals could hope to whiff in their lifetime ( see above , re : adoring celebrities ) .
To that end , more than a few patrons commented before , during and after the show that they were in attendance because “ he ’s not going to be around that much longer . ”
And after being swindled out of a fortune by his former manager ( who has n’t ? ) , it would be hard to fault Cohen if he were out to do a twilight - of - his - career money grab before retiring to a life of grappa and afternoon naps .
However , by the looks of him on this evening , not only is Cohen going to outlive most of the planet , he ’s likely to dance on graves and write excellent songs about the experience before his time comes .
Barely more than a wisp clad in a suit and bolo tie under his fedora , Cohen bounded on stage at show time , coming to rest on one knee to begin the night with a serenade in the form of “ Dance Me To The End Of Love . ”
Just in case anyone thought that might be just a tease of the good stuff , he followed up with “ The Future , ” “ No Cure For Love , ” “ Bird On A Wire ” and “ Everybody Knows ” in succession , ensuring that “ everybody knew ” he was n’t there to mess around .
In what would be the first portion of a career - spanning triptych of nearly 30 songs lasting almost three hours , he managed to squeeze in “ Chelsea Hotel No. 2 , ” “ Waiting For The Miracle ” and “ Anthem ” before taking a little break , no doubt to wrestle idle security guards in the alley behind the theatre before returning to the stage .
Like Bob Dylan or Lou Reed , Cohen is one of those guys you ’re supposed to like , though it might not be apparent why on the surface .
To be sure , some of Cohen ’s recorded works have n’t aged particularly well – in part due to the arrangements and tastes of the eras within which they were originally captured – with dated sounds sometimes making it difficult to get to the heart of his songs ( I ’m Your Man ’s synths , anyone ? ) .
But on this occasion , backed by a sextet of refined musicians and a trio of female vocalists , his catalogue benefited from a contemporary facelift .
The unified sound — simultaneously jazzy and subdued , sorta similar to Sting ’s last four albums , minus the ear - ass – was the perfect foundation for Cohen ’s trademark baritone voice and the words borne upon it .
An exception to that presentation would come at the start of the second set , which Cohen kicked off by firing up some Casio keyboard stylings to re-create “ Tower Of Song , ” solo but for his backup singers .
Somewhere in Dublin , Bono must have simultaneously shivered , having hoped that song – which U2 shamelessly mined in the form of Zooropa ’s “ The Wanderer ” — was long forgotten by Cohen and the rest of the world .
Cohen trotted out a few more champions , including “ Suzanne , ” before the night ’s inevitable re-re - re - re- revisitation of “ Hallelujah . ”
It ’s impossible to ignore this now - signature Cohen number was little - known by any other than the devoted before Jeff Buckley ’s affair with it in the 90s ( let ’s be honest , John Cale ’s widely heard cover on the 1991 Cohen tribute album I ’m Your Fan did n’t exactly set the world ablaze with re-discovery ) .
Now , several years and several crap - tacular versions later ( including aberrations by would - be American Idol Jason Castro , Kate Voegele and Bon Jovi , to name just a few ) , Cohen ’s made lengths to reclaim his baby .
In his most animated performance of the show , he rambled around the stage , over - enunciating the “ you ” ’s in each verse ( an obvious shot at all the pretenders ’ unimaginative “ ya ” ’s ) and howled a full octave above his normal range during the choruses , winning the hearts of the gathered and earning him an instant standing ovation at song ’s end .
And while “ Hallelujah ” was the obvious crowd favorite , it was Cohen ’s naked recitation of “ A Thousand Kisses Deep ” that was the show - stopper .
Cohen was first a poet before a musician , and that was no more apparent than during this piece , a confessional expression of appreciation to a lover from a man past his prime , appreciation from someone coming to terms with the fact that his physical self can no longer keep pace with his passions .
Slightly crouched with one hand holding the mic in front of his face and its partner clenching the cord slightly below and beside it , Cohen resembled a boxer most of the night , perhaps not uncoincidentally — given both his personal history and the pugilistic wordplay of his songs .
Sure enough , by the time Cohen closed out his second set , most of the audience must have felt as it they had gone 10 rounds with him , shifting their weight and getting ready to head for the door .
But Cohen was n’t done with them yet .
For those who had the strength , nine more songs awaited them in various encores which included “ So Long , Marianne , ” “ Let ’s Take Manhattan , ” “ Famous Blue Raincoat , ” and comically , “ Closing Time ” and “ I Tried To Leave You . ”
Even “ Democracy ” was included , which might have seemed too on - the - nose , except that Cohen released it in 1992 , long before anyone heard of George W. Bush or Barack Obama .
Were it not for American culture ’s consistent bad taste , Cohen could potentially achieve “ mainstream cult ” icon status in the same way posters of Johnny Cash flipping the bird grace dorm room walls and London Calling album art has found a home on t- shirts of those 10 and under .
But despite ownership of the lone wolf underdog qualities America embraces with regularity , Cohen is simply too austere , too educated , too… honest to reach through to those who inhabit a nation founded on violence .
In a place where the mainstream population makes great efforts to represent itself as capable and experienced , there ’s no time for someone who actually is .
In terms of popularity , Cohen ’s downfall is that he ’s too much like the older , wiser uncle with the mysterious scar – and not everyone wants to hear from someone who knows better .
Through the show , Cohen ’s infrequent addresses to the audience were sort of comical sorbets breaking up the procession of dark - hearted intelligence that ’s become his artistic calling card .
It was sincerity , however , that marked his final moments on stage .
“ Be lucky , ” he said .
“ Be surrounded by friends and family .
“ And if these blessings not be yours , may these blessings find you in your solitude . ”
Spoken like a true gentleman .
Public Service Announcement : A huge plus on this evening was the fact that the purportedly laudable sound at the Nokia Theatre , the much - ballyhooed gem in the ersatz crown that makes up AEG ’s L.A. Live facility in downtown Los Angeles , was actually excellent for a change .
On the minus side , at the set break , when about only half of the house got up for their respective piss / smoke / beer breaks , it literally took 10 minutes to make it out to the main lobby , a reflection on the venue ’s poor conception ( the crappy blue lighting throughout the premises – which not even Dade County would allow within its borders – notwithstanding ) .
Granted , the median age of the audience was probably 1,000 , and they moved at an appropriately corresponding speed , but god forbid there ’s ever a fire or earthquake while there ’s a show in that place — because everyone ’s gonna fucking die .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Introduction
Creating a DLL using Visual C# is piece of cake .
Believe me it 's much easier than VC ++.
I have divided this tutorial in two parts .
Building a Class Library , Building a client application to test the DLL .
Part 1 : Creating a Class Library ( DLL )
Create an Empty Class Library Project
Select File -> New -> Project ->Visual C# Projects ->Class Library .
Select your project name and appropriate directory using Browse button and click OK .
See Figure 1 .
Figure 1 .
Project and Its files
The Solution Explorer adds two C# classes to your project .
First is AssemblyInfo.cs and second is Class1.cs .
We do n't care about Assembly Info .
We will be concentrating on Class1.cs.
See Figure 2 .
Figure 2 .
The mcMath Namespace
When you double click on Class1.cs , you see a namespace mcMath .
We will be referencing this namespace in our clients to access this class library .
using System ; namespace mcMath { public class Class1 { public Class1 ( ) { } } }
Now build this project to make sure every thing is going OK .
After building this project , you will see mcMath.dll in your project 's bin /debug directory .
Adding Methods
Open ClassView from your View menu .
Right now it displays only Class1 with no methods and properties .
Let 's add one method and one property .
See Figure 3 .
Figure 3 .
Right - click on Class1-> Add-> Add Method ... See Figure 4 .
Figure 4 .
C# Method Wizard pops up .
Add your method name , access type , return type , parameters , and even comments .
Use Add and Remove buttons to add and remove parameters from the parameter list respectively .
I add one test method called mcTestMethod with no parameters .
See Figure 5 .
Figure 5 .
I am adding one more method long Add ( long val1 , long val2 ) .
This method adds two numbers and returns the sum .
Click Finish button when you 're done .
See Figure 6 .
Figure 6 .
The above action adds two method to the class and methods look like following listing :
public void mcTestMethod ( ) { } public long Add ( long val1 , long val2 ) { }
Adding Properties
Open C# Property
Wizard in the same manner as you did in the case of method and add a property to your class .
See Figure 7 .
Figure 7 .
This action launches C# Property Wizard .
Here you can type your property name , type , and access .
You also have options to choose from getting only , set only , or get and set both .
You can even select if a property is static or virtual .
I add a property Extra with public access and bool type and get / set option set .
See Figure 8 .
Figure 8 .
After adding a method and a property , our class looks like Figure 9 in Class View after expanding the class node .
Figure 9 .
If you look your Class1 class carefully , Wizards have added two functions to your class .
public bool Extra { get { return true ; } set { } }
Adding Code to the Class
Add this code ( bold ) to the methods and property now .
And now I want to change my Class1 to mcMathComp because Class1 is quite confusing and it will create a problem when you will use this class in a client application .
Make sure you change the class name and its constructor both .
Note : I 'm not adding any code to mcTestMethod , You can add any thing if you want .
using System ; namespace mcMath { public class mcMathComp { private bool bTest = false ; public mcMathComp ( ) { } public void mcTestMethod ( ) { } public long Add ( long val1 , long val2 ) { return val1 + val2 ; } public bool Extra { get { return bTest ; } set { bTest = Extra ; } } } }
Build the DLL
Now build the DLL and see bin\debug directory of your project .
You will see your DLL .
Piece of cake ?
Huh ? :) .
Part 2 : Building a Client Application
Calling methods and properties of a DLL from a C# client is also an easy task .
Just follow these few simple steps and see how easy is to create and use a DLL in C# .
Create a Console Application
Select File -> New -> Project ->Visual C# Projects ->Console Application .
I will test my DLL from this console application .
See Figure 10 .
Figure 10 .
Add Reference of the Namespace
Now next step is to add a reference to the library .
You can use the Add Reference menu option to add a reference .
Go to Project -> Add reference .
See Figure 11 .
Figure 11 .
Now on this page , click the Browse button to browse your library .
See Figure 12 .
Figure 12 .
Browse for your DLL , which we created in part 1 of this tutorial , and click Ok. See Figure 13 .
Figure 13 .
Add Reference Wizard will add reference to your library to the current project .
See Figure 14 .
Figure 14 .
After adding reference to mcMath library , you can see it as an available namespace reference .
See Figure 15 .
Figure 15 .
Call mcMath Namespace , Create Object of mcMathComp , and call its methods and properties .
You are only one step away to call the methods and properties of your component .
You follow these steps :
1. Use namespace
Add using mcMath in the beginning for your project .
using mcMath ;
2. Create an Object of mcMathComp
mcMathComp cls = new mcMathComp ( ) ;
3. Call Methods and Properties
Now you can call the mcMathComp class method and properties as you can see I call Add method and return result in lRes and print out result on the console .
mcMathComp cls = new mcMathComp ( ) ; long lRes = cls.
Add ( 23 , 40 ) ; cls.
Extra = false ; Console.WriteLine( lRes.ToString ( ) ) ;
Now you can print out the result .
The entire project is listed in the following Listing :
using System ; using mcMath ; namespace mcClient { class Class1 { [ STAThread ] static void Main ( string [ ] args ) { mcMathComp cls = new mcMathComp ( ) ; long lRes = cls.
Add ( 23 , 40 ) ; cls.
Extra = false ; Console.WriteLine( lRes.ToString ( ) ) ; } } }
Now build and run the project .
The output looks like Figure 16 .
Figure 16 .
CronicasBarbaras nació en Nueva York , se mudó a Londres y ya no tiene fronteras .
Grandes y pequeñas historias que ocurren en el mundo y alrededores .
Big and tiny stories about the world and surroundings .
In English and Spanish , depending on the mood .
Astronomy Picture of the Day
Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 May 11
' Lost ' Dueling Analysis : ' The Variable '
By Liz Kelly
In which Jen Chaney and I return to our favorite pastime life 's work , analyzing the best show ever .
Please visit our shrine to said show , here at " Lost " Central .
Then join us at 3 p.m. ET for a continuation of the discussion in the 3 p.m. ET " Lost " Hour chat .
Daniel Faraday ( Jeremy Davies ) prepares to meet his destiny .
( Getty Images )
Jen :
The question that has plagued us all season -- popped up repeatedly in these dueling analyses , frequently appeared in our discussions and prompted more " Back to the Future " references than any of us can count -- was resolved in tonight 's episode .
And it happened when our jittery but newly purpose - filled Daniel Faraday spoke to one young , chocolate - addled Charlotte Staples Lewis and said these words : " I did n’t think I could change things .
But maybe I can . "
When we surmised on numerous occasions that maybe this whole time travel thing was n't quite as simple as " what happened , happened , " it appears we were right .
Like Faraday , apparently we forgot about the variables .
Daniel not only thinks that he and the Losties can chart their own destinies but , more specifically , they can prevent the Hatch button - pushing , stop their own plane from crashing 27 years hence and -- I must assume -- prevent Nikki and Paolo from ever appearing on " Lost . "
And if that last thing is true , then dammit , they have to try !
Liz : Yep , Faraday got religion and his religion -- apparently reignited by Jack , Kate and Hurley 's return to the island -- was his revelation that things can change , despite what his mother and decades of studying relavistic physics led him to believe .
Daniel was buoyed by the hope that he could prevent Oceanic 815 from ever reaching the island and thereby saving Charlotte , his supposed raison d'etre .
But , riddle me this Jen Chaney : If , as I assume , Daniel was fated all along to be felled by a bullet loosed from his pre-pregnancy mother , well , he does n't seem to have been able to change his own destiny after all .
So how , pray tell , can we hope that his theory will hold true for others ?
I think that may be the underlying message in tonight 's episode -- that the variables can ping pong around within the strictures of whatever happened and , despite slight deviations from target , well , course correction and all that takes care of the rest .
Or am I wrong ?
Much more analysis after the jump ...
--------
---
Would it move your island to have us take your question first during today 's " Lost " Hour chat ?
All you have to do is send out a link to the chat to your Twitter network including @celebritology in your Twitter message ( Ex : Discuss last night 's Lost - http://tr.im/k35n @celebritology # lost ) .
Then Submit your question on The Post site , and include your Twitter username for verification .
Check back at 3 p.m. ET to see if your question was selected to start the session .
Jen : First , let 's pause for a moment and say a little prayer for our dear Daniel Faraday , who I have to believe really did bite it .
Why ?
Because we 've been hearing for weeks that a couple of characters are goners .
Plus , they tied up most of the loose Faraday ends in tonight 's episode , although I would like to see him somehow find his way back to an age - appropriate Charlotte .
So maybe there is still hope .
But if there is n't , we should still pause .
So ...
{ PAUSE}
Okay , moving forward ...
I may be incorrectly adding all of this up .
But I thought it was noteworthy that Ms. Hawking , who is irrefutably Faraday 's mother , told Penny that for the first time , she had no idea what would happen next .
That made me think that perhaps she really wanted the Oceanic people to go back to the island because she had some sense that maybe they would show up in 1977 and somehow change things enough to prevent her from shooting her own son .
Like her offspring , she seems to have a torn belief in destiny ( Faraday was meant to go back ) and the notion that it can be tweaked ( add those new Oceanic ingredients , and maybe her boy lives ) .
Liz : I do n't know .
This is a purely visceral reaction , but I 'm getting a " bad guy " vibe from Daniel 's mum .
She moved beyond the realm of " Bedknobs & Broomsticks " reject and into the ranks of truly interesting characters tonight .
And by " truly interesting " I of course mean " potentially diabolical . "
Could she actually be the opposing force against which Ben Linus continues to fight or , is she , as I think you mused a few weeks back , a third interested party in the coming war and perhaps the leader of the Ilana / Bram " Shadow of the statue " crew ?
Of course , I should know better than thinking anyone on this show is purely good or purely bad .
Jen : Right .
I see her as having complex motivations , too .
But her manipulation of Daniel , even from a young age , to stay focused on his work basically created a situation where he would be inclined to go to the island if he thought it would make her proud .
It almost seemed like she had been parenting with a purpose , and that purpose was to get Daniel back on the island .
By the way , I found it interesting that our cliffhanger line at the end of this episode was " I am your son , " in light of all that talk in the last episode about " Empire Strikes Back . "
" I am your son " is pretty much the flip side of " I am your father , " no ?
Liz : Absolutely .
And Daniel actually being felled by the hand of his own mother is pretty much the flip side of Darth Vader 's inability to kill his own son .
I do think we should pay close attention to that exchange between Ms. Hawking and the young brace - faced Daniel , though it did raise more questions for me .
Ms. Hawking said , " It is my job to keep you on your path , " and used that by way of explaining that he could no longer play the piano .
How , I wonder , did she happen to know Daniel 's path ?
And what did you make of Daniel 's " I can make time " statement ?
That 's a bit different from saying one can change time .
Jen : Yeah , I thought that " make " time statement was a bit loaded .
It is different , but I think one ( and by one , I mean me ) could argue that if Daniel somehow changes time , he is making time in some sense .
For example , if Oceanic 815 never crashes , that means the Losties never land on the island , which means there is no " Lost " the TV show ... ooh , what if that 's the ending of the series ?
They do n't land after all and the show just ends ?
Hmmm , food for thought .
Anyway , if there is no " Lost " TV show , that changes time .
But it makes time for , say , everyone who watches the show .
Think of how many hours we all get back if we did n't spend them not only watching and rewatching episodes , but trying to figure out how the island moves and what the numbers mean .
Of course , I would argue that all that time has enhanced my life in some way .
And that 's the rub for our characters , too .
You erase the plane crash , you erase the pain and suffering it caused , including the deaths of Libby , Ana Lucia , Charlie , Greg Grunberg as the pilot and ( yay ! )
Boone , among others .
But maybe they needed that plane crash to happen so they could evolve in some way , to redeem themselves .
Liz : Right -- and I think Jack and Kate were getting ready to act out that particular debate for us with Jack picking up where Daniel left off ( with the help of his journal ) and Kate not at all hip to the idea of erasing what 's happened to her since the plane crashed .
Makes sense -- if Oceanic 815 lands in L.A. she 's a shackled prisoner awaiting trial for murder .
And this time she wo n't be one of the beloved Oceanic 6 .
One thing that bothered me about tonight 's episode :
When Daniel walks into the Hostiles ' camp brandishing a gun ( so idiotic ) Richard Alpert is puzzled by Daniel 's double take and knowledge of the bomb .
He ( Alpert ) says " Am I supposed to know you ? " or something like that .
And I had the same question -- should n't Alpert have recognized Dan as the man who similarly arrived from nowhere in 1954 and helped to contain the leaky Jughead ?
Jen :
Well , I got the sense that he kind of recognized him but was n't sure if it was the same guy or not .
If we assume that Alpert is living out his years chronologically ( which may be a big assumption on my part ) then he last saw Daniel 23 years ago .
So it might be understandable if he does n't immediately say , " Hey , wassup , Bomb Guy ? "
Liz : Really -- you do n't think a guy arriving from nowhere , containing a leaky nuclear warhead and then vanishing would leave a large impression ?
Jen : Dude , I do n't know about you , but I often forget people I met last week .
So , twenty - three years ago ?
I think he might half - recognize him but not be totally sure .
That 's plausible to me .
Again , assuming Alpert is experiencing time in the traditional , chronological sense , which is the impression we 've been given so far .
Liz : I 'm not so convinced .
It is n't as if there are hundreds of people making trips to the island for an audience with Richard .
Anyhow , a quick reminder that according to the giant " Lost " rumor mill ( WARNING -- RUMOR TO FOLLOW ) , we 're due to lose another major character by the end of the season .
As Daniel said , " Anyone can die , Jack . "
And , immediately after this statement the scene cut to Kate .
I 'm just saying ...
Jen : I would also note that in light of the , ahem , allegations surrounding our Desmond , he could go , too .
The " Lost " curse in effect .
Plus , he was Daniel 's constant so there would be some logic behind both of them passing on .
( For the record , I really hope these harassment changes against Ian Cusick are false .
He seemed like such a sweet guy when we spoke last year .
And he was our " Lost " Madness winner ! )
Liz :
Was I the only one thinking " do n't lean too close over that bed , Penny ! "
It 's distracting .
Enough said .
Jen :
Well , I did n't think that .
Liz : But , take heart : not all brushes with the law spell doom for our " Lost " cast .
Daniel Dae Kim survived a DUI charge .
Jen : And Cusick is n't accused of drunk driving .
So that 's a positive sign , if one can call it that .
Liz : Moving right along , do you think Faraday successfully planted a seed of doubt in Pierre Chang 's mind ?
Jen : Yes , I do .
The whole Miles / Chang thing will come to a head before the season ends .
I feel pretty certain .
Speaking of sons and fathers , we have n't mentioned an important reveal ( or confirmation ) from tonight 's episode .
Widmore is Daniel 's daddy !
Liz :
That 's right -- more daddy issues .
Poor Dan did n't even know , it seems .
And it was obvious that Widmore and Ms. Hawking had a less than cordial off - island relationship .
And I guess that makes Dan and Penny half - siblings , at the very least .
Jen : Right , which makes even more sense that Daniel sees him as his constant since there is a link between Desmond and Daniel 's own lineage .
And speaking of constants ...
I noted something significant about the note that Eloise wrote in that journal she gave Daniel as a graduation gift .
She said , " No matter what , remember I will always love you . "
That reminded me of what Penny wrote in the letter she left for Des in his copy of " Our Mutual Friend , " a letter he read toward the end of season two just before ( irony alert ! ) he decided not to push the button in the Hatch , thereby causing the plane to crash .
Her words : " Please do n't give up , Des .
Because all we really need to survive is one person who truly loves us . "
Different word choice but a similar sentiment .
Liz : Ooh , nice parallel .
I wanted to take a sec to thank my pal Matt Dawson for pointing out the Wired magazine on Daniel 's couch that touted articles about " invisibility , " " time travel " and " the impossible gets real . "
The esteemed Mr. Dawson -- a canny " Lost " analyzer in his own right -- thinks this was nothing more than a shout out to show creator J. J. Abrams , who edited last month 's issue .
Jen :
Yes , I noted that craftily planted issue of " Wired " for the same reason .
It tied in nicely with the seamless transition from the " Lost " opener into an extended ad for " Star Trek . "
Geez , J.J. really wants us to see his movie , huh ?
I actually thought that opening was very clever from a marketing perspective .
By the way , here 's a link to an article about the Abrams issue of " Wired , " which may or may not have some clues about " Lost " in it .
Apparently , Damon Lindelof is playing dumb :
Liz : So Jack finally made his move , breaking out from under Sawyer 's rapidly backfiring leadership .
And we 're left , again , with two disparate bands of Losties .
Jen : Speaking of Sawyer , I felt kind of bad for Juliet .
She is clearly being a realist and knows that her idyllic time with Sawyer is over , but you could see ( courtesy of Elizabeth Mitchell 's fine performance ) that it 's breaking her heart .
Liz : Agreed .
If Sawyer is n't able to accept it , she is .
Though I did see her hackles go up when Sawyer called Kate " Freckles , " so I would n't attribute 100 percent of her motivation to being a realist .
At least a teensy bit of it was a desire to send Kate off on an errand and far away from her James .
Jen :
No , I actually did n't see it that way at all .
I thought she gave Kate the fence password because that signified the end of their ability to keep their situation under wraps .
Her hackles definitely went up , but I actually thought that moment showed that she was manning up and saying , " Okay , this is the situation .
Let 's just get the ball rolling . "
Liz : Hmmm .
I dunno .
Remember , Sawyer had used his best conman pitch to sweetly say , " Come on , come with us , Freckles . "
Maybe we should debate this , talk about the Jack vs. Sawyer gangs and the whereabouts of Sayid and the Ajira folks ( who we did n't see tonight ) at 3 p.m. ET .
In the meantime , carry on the conversation below and make sure to vote for this week 's best line ...
---
Next week on " Lost " : " Follow the Leader " - Jack and Kate find themselves at odds over the direction to take to save their fellow island survivors , Locke further solidifies his stance as leader of " The Others , " and Sawyer and Juliet come under scrutiny from the Dharma Initiative .
A whistleblower is going to prison this week because of retaliation from the Bush Administration 's Justice Department and the Department of Energy .
All citizens are asked to support Martin Salazar .
All Op Ed News Readers are asked to write and support the petition to free honest citizen Martin Salazar .
Martin Salazar , a Department of Energy , chief test nuclear engineer for nearly twenty years , was singled - out for prosecution because he had a history of exercising appeal rights including successful MPSB complaints against his agency , and because he elected to use the grievance policy to which he was entitled under the merit systems principles .
After challenging sexual and racial harassment , he was charged with similar offenses .
When he did not " back off " the agency took extraordinary steps to use a bad faith settlement process to initiate a successful criminal prosecution .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
This case has attracted unique attention and created a severe chilling effect among other federal workers and good government / taxpayer groups providing support for whistleblowers .
The government has created the appearance of an extraordinary effort to make an example out of an internal whistleblower , and criminalize an administrative matter by one who frustrated the conventional civil service attacks .
Immediate incarceration would maximize that goal .
In fact , he will be incarcerated on January 29 , 2009 .
Martin Salazar was a Chief Engineer for 18 of these years with the Department of Energy ( DOE ) , which included operation of several Nuclear Reactors and Chemical Separation facilities .
He has knowledge of how nuclear weapons can be produced .
Mr. Salazar also was a vocal critic of the Bush Administration 's finding weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
In fact , he was scheduled to go to Iraq to search for the weapons but his participation was cancelled after he questioned the possibility of ever finding the weapons or if they existed .
He still carries the paper work with orders to go to Fort Bliss in Texas for combat training .
The training was required before going to Iraq .
At every step of the way , Appellant Salazar has faced harsher - than - usual treatment , whether it was referral of his case to the Inspector General in violation of a settlement agreement signed by the Appellant and the agency or the increase at sentencing from 6 months probation to 366 days in prison after he filed a Bar complaint against the Department of Energy ’s counsel who broke the settlement .
If employees who successfully exercise the grievance or appeals processes run the risk of retaliatory criminal prosecution , merit systems principles cannot possibly be effective .
Unlike civil litigation , in which aggrieved employees have the opportunity to present their case first and then the agency must rebut and justify their actions by clear and convincing evidence , the agency holds all the cards when the retaliation comes in the form of a criminal trial .
The Government presents a laundry list of alleged crimes , while the agency ’s unlawful conduct does not enter the courtroom .
Agencies skirting merit systems principles by throwing so - called troublemakers in prison render the principles next to worthless .
The final action by the agency was an attack against Mr. Salazar because he came to the rescue of one Shirley Smith who was eventually convicted for filing an EEO complaint herself .
The Government has used these new tactics to suppress those who would dare to challenge management and to control those same persons through intimidation .
In fact , the EEOC found such to be the case in a published report following the Shirley Smith case .
The EEOC found that the Chief Counsel acted out of retaliation as is the case here with Mr. Salazar as both have crossed swords on numerous occasions .
The trial judge in his criminal case erred in refusing to give the jury an instruction on the affirmative defense of entrapment .
Appellant Salazar had been assured by Jean Stump , a federal government employee , that signing the application for immediate retirement , even when he was not sure if the birth date listed was accurate , was legal and permitted .
Because the agency was required to certify the retirement forms prior to the Appellant ’s signature , Salazar concluded that the matter of his unknown birth date had been resolved ; he signed the application .
Mr. Salazar 's exact birth date was unknown because after he was born in Arizona his mother lived between Mexico and Nogales , Arizona .
There is no dispute that he was born in the United States but the exact date is unknown , and is only testified by his natural sister more than 15 years older and who was present at his birth .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Kelly McGillis
Is the Latest Late - in - Life Lesbian Easing social mores have given women " permission " to come out in middle age .
April 30 , 2009  -- " Top Gun " star Kelly McGillis has confirmed rumors that she is a lesbian , saying she is " done with the man thing . "
" I did that .
I need to move on in life , " the actress told SheWired.com , saying that she was " definitely " looking for a woman .
McGillis , the star of " The Accused " and " Witness , " was long rumored to be a lesbian .
She even played a closeted Army colonel in " The L Word . "
At 51 , McGillis is hardly the only woman emerging from the closet at mid-life .
Carol Leifer , 52 , said a growing number of middle - aged women are listening to what she calls the " Sapphic siren call , " or as Elaine would say , " joining the other team . "
" If I do n't sleep with a woman soon , I think I 'll kill myself , " Leifer , a comedian , writes in her new book , " When You Lie About Your Age , the Terrorists Win . "
Leifer , the inspiration for the Elaine Benes character from TV's " Seinfeld , " was married and dated only men the first 39 years of her life -- one of them was Jerry Seinfeld himself .
But at 40 , she had a fling with a woman and fell in love .
" Life threw me a surprise party , " she told ABCNews.com .
" Not that there 's anything wrong with that .
I was looking for something fun and chic .
I did n't think it would redefine me as a person .
" My feelings for men were very real and powerful , but I fell in love with my partner , " she said .
" It 's been the best relationship of my life . "
Women who love other women have become more commercially visible in recent years , in television shows like Showtime 's " The L - Word " and in songs like Katy Parry 's " I Kissed a Girl . "
And experts say many women who may have felt stymied by homophobia in previous generations are finding permission for the first time to explore a new sexual identity -- later in life .
" I feel people are under the false impression : ' There are no men left , I 'll go to women now , ' " Leifer told ABCNews.com .
" After 40 , I felt emboldened to have an affair with a woman -- 40 sort of gave me permission to do that . "
" I adopted a son at 50 , " she said .
" Life gets more interesting as you get older . "
' Permission ' to Love a Woman
The late - in - life lesbian phenomenon is the theme of a new documentary , " Out Late , " created by filmmakers Beatrice Alda ( daughter of actor Alan Alda ) and her partner , Jennifer Brooke .
The idea for the documentary , which explores the lives of five women who found new sexual identities after 50 , came from a friend of the couple 's named Jason .
" Jason 's mother was in her 80s , unhappy and divorced 40 years ago , " said Alda .
" He said , ' I think she may be a lesbian and does n't know it . '
It 's not as uncommon as you think . "
One of the film 's subjects , Elaine , came out at 79 after a 50 - year marriage .
" It was something she felt she had to do , " Brooke told ABCNews.com .
" She bumped into two strangers at a market and said , basically , ' Are you two partners ?
I need to talk to you , ' and she used them in the most positive way as an avenue to free herself .
And she never turned back . "
Many women who came of age in the 1940s and 1950s -- like Elaine -- felt a " duty " to marry and have children .
In the 19th and 20th centuries , women celebrated " romantic friendships , " according to Leila Rupp , professor of feminist studies at University of California at Santa Barbara and author of " Sapphistries : A Global History of Love Between Women . "
One of the most famous was that of first lady Eleanor Roosevelt , who had an " intense , passionate " relationship with journalist Lorena Hickok in the 1930s .
But it was the emergence of the feminist movement of the 1970s , when women pushed for reproductive freedom , that gave women more control of their bodies , Rupp said .
" Now there are more options for women , and it 's more socially acceptable , " Rupp told ABCNews.com .
" But it 's not just about biology . "
Cynthia Nixon Finds Love
There are numerous examples of prominent women who came out publicly after years of living heterosexual lifestyles .
In 2004 , " Sex and the City " actress Cynthia Nixon left her boyfriend of 15 years and their two children and began seeing a female public school advocate , whom she 'd met while working on a campaign to reduce class sizes in New York City .
" I have been with men all my life and had never met a woman I had fallen in love with before , " Nixon told the London Daily Mirror .
" But when I did , it did n't seem so strange .
It did n't change who I am .
I 'm just a woman who fell in love with a woman . "
Novelist and social critic Susan Sontag remained in the closet until her longtime lover , photographer Annie Leibovitz , outed her posthumously .
Sontag , who had been married and had a son , died of cancer in 2004 at the age of 71 .
She had been in a romantic relationship with Leibovitz , now 59 , since 1989 .
Social Obstacles Remain
But even with the increased social acceptance , there are challenges .
One New York City therapist who came out at 43 , after she 'd been married and had three children , worried that publicity would hinder her work with patients .
" Also , my children -- now married with children -- and I have finally resolved issues and are enjoying a comfortable and quite wonderful relationship , and I do n't wish to interfere in any way with this , " the woman , who asked to remain anonymous , told ABCNews.com .
Another , a New Hampshire school principal , was concerned about her 27 - year - old daughter and 23 - year - old son .
" I do n't want my children to read what I 'd say in relation to their father , " said the 56 - year - old lesbian .
" I 've spent a lot of time trying to fix that relationship , and I do n't want to do any harm . "
" Phoebe , " a 60 - year - old Connecticut children 's librarian , said she , too , was concerned about talking openly about her civil union .
She left a happy , 23 - year marriage with three children , now 32 , 30 and 28 .
" I never had the faintest , tiniest inkling that I was gay , " said Phoebe , who asked that her real name not be used .
" It never entered my mind .
If it had , it was as likely as thinking I was an ax- murderer . "
Phoebe told ABCNews.com that from a young age she had been groomed by her mother for marriage and children .
" Everything was couched in who I would marry , not who I 'd be , " she said .
" If I was interested in medicine , she 'd say , ' One day you 'll marry a doctor . '
" I was a good girl , so it was important to me to be good , and also I did n't have a sense of who I was as a person , " said Phoebe .
In retrospect , she remembered being attracted to another girl at 9 .
" I had never had a crush like that on a male .
But I suppressed it . "
Lesbians Groomed to Marry
At 20 , Phoebe married and had a child , then divorced and remarried a minister .
She had a rich marriage and two more children .
By chance , as Phoebe approached 50 , she met her partner though the church , a woman 15 years her junior .
" There was a total attraction , and we were getting close spiritually .
I did n't know it would happen , but by the time it dawned on me , it was too late , " she said .
Like many women , Phoebe said she fell in love first .
" For some women , it 's a choice , but not for me .
I would not have chosen this . " she said .
" I had a place in the church , a place in the community .
I was respected person .
And I was terrified . "
Her husband was traumatized by the " public humiliation and embarrassment , " she said .
Her children , especially her older daughter , made " harsh judgments " against her .
" I found myself , " she said .
" And the hardest thing for me was that they did n't trust me to do what was right for me , " she said .
' Fluid ' Sexuality
New research suggests women 's sexuality may be more " fluid " than that of men , according to Lisa Diamond , an associate professor of psychology at University of Utah .
" Fluidity represents a capacity to respond erotically in unexpected ways due to particular situations or relationships , " said Diamond .
" It does n't appear to be something that a woman can control . "
There is little data on how many older women come out of the closet in middle - age , as most of the research on the lesbian - gay - bisexual - transgender population has been on the teen population .
" The U.S. Census asks how many bathrooms and TV sets you have , but they do n't ask your gender identity , " said Cathy Renna , who specializes in LGBT issues at her marketing company .
" I am 44 , and when I was growing up we were the first generation of teenagers that did hear or see or read about gay people , " said Renna .
" Anybody who is over 50 knows it was a time when it was not talked about , " she said .
" Now there is a greater comfort level . "
Support for Older Lesbians
For some women , the decision to come out is easier in middle age , when children are grown .
" It 's an interesting dynamic , " said Karen Taylor , director of advocacy and training for SAGE , an advocacy group for older LGBTs .
" That population of people has been closeted for survival purposes at a time when they could be fired or had their children taken from them or legalized institutionalized . "
Many of these women say the late - in - life realization that they were gay came as " a moment of utter surprise , " Taylor told ABCNews.com .
Mom Came Out Over 50
Such with the case with Meredith Fenton 's mother , who had been married to her father for 28 years and had three grown children .
When Meredith was 20 , her mother confided that she had fallen in love with another woman .
" I was 20 when my mom came out , " said Fenton , who is now 33 and the national program director for Colage , an organization that supports the children of LGBT parents .
Her mother was in her 50s .
" I came home after my junior year in college , and she told me she was getting a divorce , " Fenton told ABCNews.com .
" I was shocked , but it was n't a surprise .
" When I looked at other parental couples , I either saw a ton of love or affection , or fighting , " she said .
" My parents were neither . "
The divorce split the family , and Fenton 's siblings were angry .
But today , her father has remarried and her mother has been with the same woman for 13 years .
" Both my parents now have relationships that are more fulfilling , " said Fenton .
" I can see in the long run that they are healthier and happier , and it has allowed them to be better parents . "
And her siblings have now accepted their mother 's choice and are closer .
" It gave them something to bond over -- going through something like that and making it out the other side . "
Unfortunately , most participants begun their scenes without providing pre-scene samples , and SM community norms prohibited us from interfering with scenes once they begun .
Thus , pre-scene samples were collected from relatively few participants .
One of the 12 women who performed the bottom role had indicated on her pre-scene questionnaire that she would be performing the top role .
On her post - scene questionnaire , she explained that she had , " planned on topping &wrote that on [ the ] 1st form .
[ But ] ended up meeting two friends and bottoming to them . "
The observer was familiar with academic taxonomies of SM behaviors and SM - community taxonomies and had observed SM scenes on other occasions prior to data collection .
The goals of the present studies were to examine the physiological and psychological effects of consensual SM activities and to document SM behaviors that fall outside of the current taxonomies in the academic literature .
... the top noticed that the bottom , who was bent over a table , was moving one foot around , unable to rest it evenly on the floor .
The top paused the scene activities and placed a pillow under the bottom 's foot to relieve the discomfort .
Participants also engaged in flagellation using floggers and whips , although it appears from observation and casual conversation that the tops used flagellation as a method of administering pain rather than as a way to inflict humiliation ...
Spanking , flagellation and cockbinding ; researchers at the University of Northern Illinois have been very naughty in their attempt to quantify physiological responses to sadomasochistic activities .
In their Archives of Sexual Behavior publication , the stress hormone cortisol along with the dominance associated testosterone hormone was measured in 58 sadomasochistic practicing couples before and after kinky sex fun time .
Their results , along with a review of S&M literature suggests couples that practice S&M experience reduced levels of stress and feel an increase in relationship closeness .
In order to measure hormone levels , the Illinois researchers collected saliva samples from S&M party goers .
Although most of us are a bit shy in regards to sharing our personal sex life , the S&M community was apparently quite eager to help .
In fact , participants were so eager to take part , that the researchers ended up with an incomplete data set :
In general , incomplete data sets for statistical analysis are n't good for discovering real correlations .
However in this instance , we must sympathize with the researchers since no information , even if it's for the greater good of scientific knowledge , is worth interrupting a leather daddy with a horse whip .
With such a dynamic group of subjects , obviously over - eagerness was n't the only occurrence of breaching the S&M sampling protocol :
This woman was later flogged as a punishment for being un-cooperative with researchers .
Arguably , laboratory mice would have been easier to control , but miniature gags and paddles are a tough find .
Speaking of the quest for greater and necessary knowledge , just collecting saliva samples before and after each S&M scene was n't enough for these deviant scientists ; in order to gather psychological data , researchers observed the actual S&M scenes themselves and even took notes : 11:00 pm : Hand restraints placed 11:02 pm : Bottom disrobes , faces north11:05 pm : Bottom KneelsYou get the idea .
Just in case you 're questioning the validity of the study and therefore the qualifications of the researchers themselves , rest assured , at least one researcher who took notes during the S&M scenes has stellar qualifications :
Now that we 've determined that experts were present during sample collection , the only other question left to be asked is what exactly is the purpose of this study anyway ?
Surely with this level of relevance , the usage of force was n't necessary in order to obtain grant money to fund this project .
As for the physiological results of this study , researchers predicted that cortisol levels in individuals playing the bottom role ( one that follows orders , receives stimulation , is bound , etc ... ) would have an increase in cortisol levels followed by a drop in cortisol after the scene was over .
In other words , people that are knowingly about to place themselves in a situation that includes physical pain and other stressful activities , such as sensory deprivation , were predicted to have an increase in stress hormones and once the activity ends , are likely to have a decrease in stress hormones .
To sum up this highly climatic portion of the study , their hypothesis did indeed turn out to be true .
In regards to testosterone which is often an indicator of status in dominance hierarchies , it was hypothesized that perhaps individuals that assume top roles ( gives orders , provides stimulation , etc ... ) would have a higher baseline testosterone level .
This however was not the case , bottoms had higher levels of testosterone ( both males and females ) than tops .
The authors suggest that one explanation for this occurrence is that testosterone levels could have been increased due to the anticipation of an endurance - like challenge .
This explanation for heightened testosterone in bottoms makes sense considering in S&M , you 've got to be prepared to take it like man .
Relationship closeness was also assessed immediately after the S&M scene took place .
Subjects who reported that their scene went well , indicated that they felt closer to their partner afterward .
This is n't surprising because even though S&M often includes hot wax , skin branding and enemas , intimacy is actually a big part of S&M ; tops really do care about their bottoms as illustrated in this touching observation of human kindness :
If placing a pillow under your slave 's restless foot during rimming is n't a true sign of affection , then I do n't know what is and I 'll remain gagged on the subject .
Although the researchers of the study surprisingly state that , " ... sadomasochism has received limited attention from researchers , " there is however , enough literature published to cause major controversies within the field .
For example , Alison et al. ( 2001 ) empirically derived that flagellation should be categorized under humiliation .
However , this new research contradicts that claim : Traditionally , sadomasochistic sexual practices are considered to be a psychosexual disorder .
However nowadays , only closed - minded prudes think that .
Although caning , nipple clamps and nut stomping might be a bit out of your personal comfort zone , surveys suggest that a " substantial minority of people engage in or fantasize about such practices today . "
In fact , people have been incorporating pain and bondage into sexual practices for thousands of years .
Chances are if you have n't fantasized about it , your partner has .
So the next time you and the Misses are feeling a lack of intimacy bust out the rabbit fur blanket , agree on some safe words , lower that sex swing , and let the spankings begin !
Further Study : Walk All Over
Me because it has Tricia Helfer as a dominatrix and Battlestar Galactica is over .
References : Alison , L. , Santtila , P. , Sandnabba , N. K. , Nordling , N. ( 2001 ) .
Sadomasochistically oriented behavior : Diversity in practice and meaning .
Archives of sexual behavior 30 ( 1):1-12 .
Sagarin , B. J. , Cutler , B. , Cutler , N. , Lawler - Sagarin , K. A. , Matuszewich , L. ( 2009 ) .
Hormonal changes and couple bonding in consensual sadomasochistic activity .
Archives of sexual behavior 38:186-200 .
* Michael Ancram , who is the Marquess of Lothian , claimed more than £ 14,000 a year in expenses while owning three properties , none of which have a mortgage and are worth an estimated £ 8 million .
The Devizes MP claimed almost £ 100 for the repair of a swimming pool boiler but has said he would repay the money .
It ’s a bummer to get sick on a vacation .
Anyone who has been holed up in a hotel with the chills or worse instead of out enjoying the trip that you paid for can vouch for that .
Illness is n’t great for tourism either .
Mexico tourism has hit the skids because of H1N1 virus , aka , swine flu .
Folks in the Mexico tourism industry have begun to cook up ideas to entice tourists to head south .
Here ’s one .
In an effort to make amends , and woo tourists into thinking that a little swine flu is worth the risk , three hotel chains : Real Resorts , Dreams and Secrets are offering a screaming deal to anyone who has swine flu like symptoms within eight days after they get home from their Caribbean coast vacation .
According to this Daily Mail article , if you arrive home and get sick , you get three years of free vacation fun in Mexico .
The eight day limit , I suppose , is to keep people from blaming any old ailment they acquire days , weeks or months later on their beach holiday .
There ’s a couple of hitches with this plan .
The U.S. is still recommending that people not travel to Mexico unless they really have to and several companies have canceled trips .
But , still , it ’s a creative odd reverse of what is usually the case of what people want from a vacation .
Most people head to Mexico , or anywhere else for that matter , hoping to NOT get sick .
In this case , getting sick is like hitting the lottery .
I wonder how many people will be disappointed on the ninth day after they have returned home and wake up without one ache and pain–not even a twinge .
Not only do you NOT win three years of free vacation , but you have to go to work .
Most people will end up heading to work .
Probably all of them .
Mexico ’s Health Minister has reported that out of the 2,000 registered swine flu cases , only two have been from Cancun .
We expected broken promises .
But the gap between the soaring expectations that accompanied Barack Obama 's inauguration and his wretched performance is the broadest such chasm in recent historical memory .
This guy makes Bill Clinton look like a paragon of integrity and follow - through .
From healthcare to torture to the economy to war , Obama has reneged on pledges real and implied .
So timid and so owned is he that he trembles in fear of offending , of all things , the government of Turkey .
Obama has officially reneged on his campaign promise to acknowledge the Armenian genocide .
When a president does n't have the 'nads to annoy the Turks , why does he bother to show up for work in the morning ?
Obama is useless .
Worse than that , he 's dangerous .
Which is why , if he has any patriotism left after the thousands of meetings he has sat through with corporate contributors , blood - sucking lobbyists and corrupt politicians , he ought to step down now -- before he drags us further into the abyss .
I refer here to Obama 's plan for " preventive detentions . "
If a cop or other government official thinks you might want to commit a crime someday , you could be held in " prolonged detention . "
Reports in U.S. state - controlled media imply that Obama 's shocking new policy would only apply to Islamic terrorists ( or , in this case , wannabe Islamic terrorists , and also kinda - sorta - maybe - thinking - about - terrorism dudes ) .
As if that made it OK .
In practice , Obama wants to let government goons snatch you , me and anyone else they deem annoying off the street .
Preventive detention is the classic defining characteristic of a military dictatorship .
Because dictatorial regimes rely on fear rather than consensus , their priority is self - preservation rather than improving their people 's lives .
They worry obsessively over the one thing they can't control , what Orwell called " thoughtcrime " -- contempt for rulers that might someday translate to direct action .
Locking up people who have n't done anything wrong is worse than un-American and a violent attack on the most basic principles of Western jurisprudence .
It is contrary to the most essential notion of human decency .
That anyone has ever been subjected to " preventive detention " is an outrage .
That the President of the United States , a man who won an election because he promised to elevate our moral and political discourse , would even entertain such a revolting idea offends the idea of civilization itself .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Obama is cute .
He is charming .
But there is something rotten inside him .
Unlike the Republicans who backed Bush , I wo n't follow a terrible leader just because I voted for him .
Obama has revealed himself .
He is a monster , and he should remove himself from power .
" Prolonged detention , " reported The New York Times , would be inflicted upon " terrorism suspects who can not be tried . "
" Cannot be tried . "
Interesting choice of words .
Any " terrorism suspect " ( can you be a suspect if you have n't been charged with a crime ? ) can be tried .
Anyone can be tried for anything .
At this writing , a Somali child is sitting in a prison in New York , charged with piracy in the Indian Ocean , where the U.S. has no jurisdiction .
Anyone can be tried .
Why is it , exactly , that some prisoners " cannot be tried " ?
The Old Grey Lady explains why Obama wants this " entirely new chapter in American law " in a boring little sentence buried a couple past the jump and a couple of hundred words down page A16 : " Yet another question is what to do with the most problematic group of Guantánamo detainees : those who pose a national security threat but cannot be prosecuted , either for lack of evidence or because evidence is tainted . "
In democracies with functioning legal systems , it is assumed that people against whom there is a " lack of evidence " are innocent .
They walk free .
In countries where the rule of law prevails , in places blessedly free of fearful leaders whose only concern is staying in power , " tainted evidence " is no evidence at all .
If you can't prove that a defendant committed a crime -- an actual crime , not a thoughtcrime -- in a fair trial , you release him and apologize to the judge and jury for wasting their time .
It is amazing and incredible , after eight years of Bush 's lawless behavior , to have to still have to explain these things .
For that reason alone , Obama should resign .
There is no supernatural origin of free will .
All human action is the product of the interaction of a finite number of variables .
These variables are determined by combining genetic potential ( nature ) with the environment that interacts with that potential ( nurture ) .
Humans do not control their own genetics .
Humans do not control their environment .
1
So , if a criminal stands before you with poor intelligence and a poor upbringing ( limited educational opportunities , negative role models , etc. ) which one of these variables is his fault ?
Neither .
And if neither of those variables are under his control , and no supernatural interference is present to provide free will , then how can anyone possibly be held responsible for their actions –good or bad ?
The answer is that they cannot .
In truth , neither heroes or villains deserve credit for their actions .
It is a deterministic2 combination of variables that creates the world we live in , and the mature thing to do as a society is to realize this and take action accordingly .
What action you ask ?
Intelligently , and humanely , control the variables .
A Possible Implementation Model
Given this information and a society advanced enough to embrace it and act upon it , I believe a separation of missions is necessary within the effort .
First off , I do n’t expect anything this advanced in approach to exist for many decades and / or centuries , and at that point I hope government will be a lose collection of individuals that is organized in such a way that they have little to no incentive to be selfish in any way .
Kind of like weekly overseers elected by the masses who have nothing in mind but altruism .
Yes , it ’s fantasy , but bear with me ; I do n’t want to get caught up debate over government corruption .
The first arm of government would be dedicated to enhancing the quality of humanity .
This would include the elimination of disease , the promotion of peace and prosperity , the improvement of education programs , and possibly the engineering of our genetics to eliminate negatives and / or accentuate positives 3 .
The second arm of government would be in charge of keeping negative , violent , and dangerous elements of humanity out of the general society .
So murderers and rapists and other criminals would be isolated and kept from impacting society further .
This will be controversial , as it may include strategies such as forced environment change ( not necessarily prison , however ) and even extreme measures such as sterilization to prevent the propagation of uncontrollable causes of negativity .
The key is that these two arms of government would supplement each other .
The first group would operate as if humans were completely benign and in need of help , and the second group would operate as if the main society was to be protected from unfortunate genetic or environmental variables .
And the first ’s mission would be to rescue those being isolated by the second .
Finally , there would be a third , overseer group , made up of the noblest and smartest among the society , that oversees both arms .
This would keep the first group from getting too powerful and prohibiting the second group from doing what ’s best for the whole .
And it would prevent the second group from getting too powerful and going on some sort of “ genetic purity ” bend that tries to take us to a Brave New World , or worse .
The most important thing in all of this is that both efforts are required to maintain a healthy society , and that it ’s difficult to find people who understand and accept the need for both .
Most people are on one side or the other and see the other side as either weak or evil .
Again , the three pieces :
Accept that physics ultimately guides our lives .
Take steps to keep negative elements out of society .
Simultaneously work to elevate those we are isolating .
Thoughts ?
Notes
1 One does have the appearance of free will all throughout life , and hence appears to have control over their environment as well .
But the ability to change anything in one ’s life depends on the current variables present in the brain at any given decision point , and these are still bound by genetics + environment up to that point in time .
Thus , all decisions are still deterministic .
The ability to change one ’s environment is an illusion .
2 I use deterministic in the weak form here , as I am not addressing the realm of randomness at the quantum level .
In other words , the outcome might not be knowable , even with all the variables , due to randomness , but since no part of the decision is actually coming from the human separate from the combination of variables within them , the outcome is deterministic relative to the human actor .
3 No , not like Brave New World–more like we are trying to do now .
Isolating and eliminating genetic defects that cause disease and such .
The moral discussion that surrounds both elimination of flaws and enhancement is extensive , but suffice it to say that it should be handled very carefully , with a supreme respect for the dangers that can come from going too far .
[ 2009 - 05 - 21 : Edited my language on government to avoid major tangents seen in the comments ]
So Jacqui Smith has played the terror card in a wild bid to save her job .
It is extraordinary she can warn us of grave danger and at the same time look so smug about it .
She spoke in the House of Commons of a “ Suspected bomb plot ” despite the absence of certain key elements normally associated with the phrase “ bomb plot ” .
Like a bomb .
Or a plot .
This was not pointed out to her , because she was faced by a Tory idiot , Chris Grayling , who believes that the Tories can win votes by being even more resolute looking in the face of danger than Jacqui Smith .
And watching less porn .
You might expect a real opposition to ask questions like :
“ You told us that a serious bomb attack was planned for Easter , ten days ago .
Where then is the bomb ?
Where are the explosives , the detonators ?
Are they in the same metaphysical space as the Iraqi WMD ?
Instead Grayling taunted her that she had not devised a system which will stop terrorists entering the UK , if we do not know they are terrorists yet .
You do n’t say .
The obvious answer to this is to stop anyone at all from entering the UK , and make everybody here already leave .
I suggest we start with Chris Grayling .
When we have the Tories and New Labour in this downward spiral of competitive xenophobic populism , I really despair .
Chris Grayling had me thinking for a minute he could be worse at the job than Jacqui Smith .
That ought not to be possible .
Meantime we have this from the police :
Manchester ’s counter - terrorism unit said most of the searches relating to the terror arrests had been completed and material collected was now being assessed .
“ As this complex and detailed investigation continues , officers are sifting through the extensive amount of information so far received to assess its relevance to the investigation , ” a spokesman said .
That is police speak for “ We ’ve found bugger all , but under New Labour legislation we can still hold them another fortnight to pressurise confessions or turn one against the others to make stuff up in terurn for getting out , or we can always bring in a paid supergrass from Pakistan again . ”
Please note there are definitively no bombs , no explosives , no detonators , no firearms or weapons of any kind .
There was no Easter bomb plot .
Whether the men were really dangerous extremists is open to grave doubt at present .
After 12 days of detention the police still do not have evidence to charge anybody with anything .
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8008784.stm
Forced to slash their budgets , some California counties are eliminating nonemergency health services for illegal immigrants -- a move that officials acknowledge could backfire by shifting the financial burden to emergency rooms .
Sacramento County voted in February to bar illegal immigrants from county clinics at an estimated savings of $ 2.4 million .
Contra Costa
County followed last month by cutting off undocumented adults , to save approximately $ 6 million .
And Yolo County is voting on a similar change next month , which would reduce costs by $ 1.2 million .
“ This is a way for us to get through what I think is a horrible year for healthcare in California , ” said William Walker , director of Contra Costa Health Services .
Walker said the national ambivalence on immigration policy means that illegal immigrants are living here but without federal or state funding to provide essential medical services to them .
Walker , who began his medical career treating undocumented farmworkers , said that deciding to cut their services was difficult .
Advertisement
“ This is the community of people we have all relied upon for decades , providing work not only in construction but in service and child care , ” he said .
“ We all live and work here together . ”
--
Trend could spread
As the recession continues , property tax revenue decreases and the number of newly uninsured patients increases , other county health departments in California and the nation may make similar changes , said Robert Pestronk , executive director of the National Assn. of County and City Health Officials .
Advertisement
“ Communities are having to make excruciating decisions about the services they fund , ” he said .
But Pestronk said that shifting costs is n’t the answer .
“ This is a balloon that just expands , ” he said .
“ If you squeeze it in one place , it ’s just going to expand somewhere else . ”
John Schunhoff , Los Angeles County ’s interim health services department director , said there is no plan to eliminate health services to the county ’s illegal residents , despite significant projected deficits and concern about further cuts in state funding .
Advertisement
Eliminating illegal immigrants from health services may enable counties to balance their budgets this year but wo n’t solve the problem in the long term , said David Hayes - Bautista , professor of medicine and director of UCLA ’s Center for the Study of Latino Health and Culture .
“ We are mortgaging the future to scrape through the present , ” he said .
And study after study shows that illegal immigrants are less likely than U.S. - born residents to go to the doctor or seek regular medical care , he said .
Anti-illegal immigration activist Barbara
Coe said she was thrilled that counties are beginning to restrict services .
Coe ’s group , California Coalition for Immigration Reform , sponsored Proposition 187 , the initiative that tried to bar the state from providing public services to illegal immigrants before it died in federal court .
Advertisement
Illegal immigrants “ have absolutely no right , No. 1 , to be here and , No. 2 , to take the tax dollars of law - abiding American taxpayers for anything , ” she said .
But the policy changes have angered immigrant rights advocates , who argue that restrictions could also cause a chilling effect on legal residents and U.S. citizens in mixed - status families .
“ Even those people who qualify to get care won’t , ” said Reshma Shamasunder , director of the California Immigrant Policy Center .
Shamasunder also said that denying healthcare to one segment of the population puts everyone else at risk as communicable diseases go untreated and emergency rooms become even more crowded .
Advertisement
Jose Suarez , who has asthma , said he now plans to go to the hospital if he gets sick .
Suarez , 25 , was born in Mexico but has been living in Contra Costa County for 10 years .
“ It ’s unfair , ” he said .
“ We are real people .
I understand they have to cut a few things here and there , but I believe they can do better . ”
--
Few options
Advertisement
Marina Espinoza , also an illegal immigrant in Contra Costa County , said she visits a county clinic a few times a month to monitor her diabetes and high blood pressure so that she does n’t end up in the hospital .
Espinoza is considering returning to Mexico , where a relative has a lead on a job with health insurance .
“ None of us choose to get sick , ” said Espinoza , 39 .
“ I ca n’t afford the medications .
How can I pay for that ?
It ’s that or rent . ”
Before changing its policy on illegal immigrants , Sacramento County took several other steps to reduce healthcare costs , including closing three of its six clinics .
But that was n’t enough , said Keith Andrews , chief of primary health services in the Department of Health and Human Services .
Andrews said he was left with a choice between firing staff or reducing the number of patients .
The county is continuing to treat everyone for communicable diseases .
Andrews said about 4,000 people without legal residency or citizenship were receiving healthcare in the county .
Although some are immigrants who have lived and worked in the area for years , he said , others are foreign natives who came to the county to receive free medical treatment .
Advertisement
“ This decision is going to impact all of our community , ” he said .
“ It ’s going to create other social problems because of the impact on emergency rooms . ”
--
Seeking solutions
In Contra Costa County , which will continue treating undocumented children and pregnant women , community groups mobilized against the proposal .
They helped persuade county officials to allocate additional funds to the nonprofit community clinics to help treat the 5,500 undocumented patients who will no longer be eligible for county services .
Advertisement
Those patients will receive primary care at the clinics , but they wo n’t have a place to go if they need to see a specialist , such as for cancer or heart problems .
“ It ’s a major gap , ” said Soren Tjernell of the Community Clinic Consortium , which represents clinics in Contra Costa and Solano counties .
Yolo County ’s proposal , which goes before its Board of Supervisors on May 5 , would affect about 1,200 undocumented patients .
Joseph Iser , who heads the county health department , said he wished that he had another source of revenue to continue services for illegal immigrants .
“ Except by helping us balance the budget , it does n’t help us , it does n’t help our citizens , it does n’t help our undocumented , ” he said .
“ But if we do n’t have the money , we just ca n’t afford it . ”
Advertisement
--
anna.gorman@latimes.com
2.7.1 , the first 2.7 maintenance release , is now available .
2.7.1 fixes 68 tickets .
You can automatically upgrade from 2.7 to 2.7.1 via the Tools → Upgrade menu , or you can download the package and upgrade manually .
You may have noticed that we went much longer than usual to release this .1 update .
We ’re very proud of this fact because it ’s a testament to the testing all of you contributed prior to the release of 2.7 which helped make it the most bug - free release we ’ve had .
Consult the list of fixed tickets and the full set of changes between 2.7 and 2.7.1 for details .
Finally partly due to the stability of the 2.7 we ’ve decided to push back 2.8 a few more weeks so we can bring in a few more speed optimizations , taxonomy enhancements , and new theme features .
We also need to figure out which jazz musician to name the release after .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
Man starved of oxygen dies in manhole Worker killed at Houston manhole
Another hurt in same accident ; third worker injured elsewhere
Rescuers respond to a worker that plunged headfirst into a 12 - foot deep manhole on the corner of Ella and Rankin this morning , where he was trapped for about an hour before firefighters hoisted him to the surface .
The worker was airlifted to Memorial Hermann - Texas Medical Center for treatment .
less Rescuers respond to a worker that plunged headfirst into a 12 - foot deep manhole on the corner of Ella and Rankin this morning , where he was trapped for about an hour before firefighters hoisted him to the ... more Photo : Johnny Hanson , Chronicle Photo : Johnny Hanson , Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Man starved of oxygen dies in manhole 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
One worker was killed and two others injured in separate manhole accidents Friday as they prepared to test a new 54 - inch waterline adjacent to Rankin Road in north Houston .
The accidents occurred just hours and blocks apart .
The victims were identified as contract workers for the North Harris County Regional Water Authority .
District Fire Chief Richard Pattison said rescue crews were called to a Rankin Road location just east of Northborough Drive at 1:30 p.m. for a medical emergency involving two men in an “ oxygen deficient atmosphere ” at the bottom of a manhole .
One man was declared dead at the scene ; the second was transported by helicopter to Memorial Hermann - Texas Medical Center .
The Harris County Medical Examiner ’s office has identified the worker killed in the manhole incident as 51 - year - old Gary Lee Brown .
CenterPoint spokeswoman Alicia Dixon said the company was not involved in the underground work , but was called to test the site Friday and found no natural gas leaks .
" We were not involved in the initial project , but we responded to the fire department request to do some testing , " she said .
" We tested Friday and determined there was no natural gas . "
Pattison said the atmosphere in the manhole contained 13 percent oxygen , which is 3 percentage points less than the amount needed to sustain human life .
“ They were down there quite a while , ” Pattison said .
“ Maybe 15 minutes .
You lose consciousness with your first breath of that air .
After four or five minutes , you run the risk of brain damage . ”
The first accident occurred at 9 a.m. when a worker fell into an open manhole at Rankin and Ella .
Pattison said details of that accident were uncertain , but it is believed that the worker tumbled into the 12 - foot pit while he was peering into it .
The injured man , who was wearing a hard hat at the time of the accident , was trapped for an hour before rescuers succeeded in rendering him immobile with straps and hoisting him to the surface in a sling .
Pattison said the man lapsed in and out of consciousness .
The rescue operation was complicated by the man ’s inability to speak English and , when conscious , his combativeness .
Pattison said the worker may have been spooked by his rescuers ’ uniforms .
Oxygen levels in the first manhole — a 4 - foot - wide water valve chamber — were normal and no poisonous gases were detected , Pattison said .
The victim was taken by helicopter to Memorial Hermann .
Water authority spokeswoman Barbara Payne said the workers were employees of E.P. Brady Ltd.
Phone calls to the contractor office late Friday were not answered .
Richard Jessup , a Houston training specialist who teaches workers Occupational Safety and Health Administration - mandated procedures , said workers are required to test the atmosphere before entering vertical confined spaces such as manholes .
If the oxygen content is too low , they must be equipped with supplemental breathing devices .
A second worker must be stationed at the opening to constantly monitor air quality in the hole , Jessup said .
Additionally , he said , workers in such instances must wear harnesses attached to cables so that they can be pulled from manholes should an emergency occur .
allan.turner@chron.com
( video from Heather 's post at Video Cafe )
A gay National Guard platoon leader - an Arab linguist who has already served one tour in Iraq - was canned after coming out on the Rachel Maddow show this week .
I think it 's worth mentioning that the military has already adjusted its rules enough to allow felons convicted of violent crimes to join the military , but for some reason , gay people are just too icky to serve and you know how President Obama hates to upset anyone :
MADDOW : You knew there was a very good possibility that by coming out publicly on this show , you would get kicked out of the military .
But I have to ask what your reaction was when you actually got the letter this week .
CHOI : Well , when I got the letter , I was extremely angry .
I was angry -- I mean , the letter is basically saying bottom line , Lieutenant Dan Choi , you 're fired .
You 're a West Point graduate , you 're fired .
You 're an Arabic linguist , you 're fired .
You deployed to Iraq , you 're willing to deploy again , does n't matter .
Because you 're gay , that 's enough grounds to kick you out .
But the biggest thing that I 'm angry about is what it says about my unit .
It says that my unit suffered negative good order -- negative actions -- good order and discipline suffered .
That 's a big insult to my unit .
I mean , all the insult that the letter can do , to say that I 'm worthy of being fired , you know , that 's nothing comparing to saying that my unit is not professional enough , that my unit does not deserve to have a leader that is willing to deploy , that has skills to contribute .
MADDOW : In terms of the good order and discipline allegation , what has been the reaction that you got from your fellow troops , from your unit after you told them that you are gay ?
Was there upset , was there discord ?
Were there any negative consequences to your ability to function as a group ?
CHOI : Two weeks after I appeared on the show , we had National Guard training .
Basically , we went to marksmanship qualification .
We shot our rifles .
And I was leading some of the training as officer in charge , telling them to cease fire or fire , and I thought , for four days , nobody was saying anything , so maybe they do n't watch TV or maybe they do n't read the " Army Times . "
But at the end of the training , so many people came up to me , my peers , my subordinates , people that outranked me , folks that have been in the Army -- and this is an infantry unit , infantry men that -- coming up to me and saying , hey , sir , hey , Lieutenant Choi , we know , and we do n't care .
What we care about is that you can contribute to the team .
And what leaders do , they look to see how can they make the best team before they go to war .
That 's what they care about .
MADDOW : Dan , what recourse do you have ?
Do you plan to challenge this ?
CHOI : Well , the letter says that I can basically do a couple of things .
I can resign right now and get an honorable discharge , or I can fight it .
I intend fully to fight it tooth and nail .
I believe that " do n't ask , do n't tell " is wrong , and what we really need to be encouraging soldiers to do is to do n't lie , do n't hide , do n't discriminate , and do n't weaken the military .
That 's what we need to be promoting .
MADDOW : Lieutenant Dan Choi , stay with us just for a moment .
I want to bring into the conversation Congressman Joe Sestak .
He 's a Democrat from Pennsylvania .
He 's a retired U.S. Navy rear admiral .
He 's the highest - ranking former military officer to serve in Congress .
Congressman Sestak , thank you so much for joining us tonight .
SESTAK : It 's good to be here , Rachel .
MADDOW : What is your reaction to Lieutenant Choi 's impending dismissal from the Army as a result of " do n't ask , do n't tell ? "
SESTAK : First , Lieutenant , thanks for your service to our nation .
And I think this is indicative of the kind of quality of man and woman that we have lost .
Look , I went to war , and we knew by survey that when I went to war that we had a certain percentage in that carrier battle group , and when I was on the ground briefly in Afghanistan , that were gay .
And now we come back to America and say they do n't have equal rights .
I 've never understood it .
This is something where we have to correct this .
It 's just not right .
I can remember being out there in command , and someone would come up to you and start to tell you -- and you just want to say , no , I do n't want to lose you , you 're too good .
Congress , with this president , needs to act upon this .
I have appreciated that the president is rightly focused on economic security and now with this budget , but I believe this summer or early this fall that we need to correct this .
MADDOW : When the president says , Admiral Sestak , when he says that it could be slow going in part because it has to move through Congress -- and again , we know this because he wrote it in a handwritten letter to somebody who is currently being kicked out of the military , as Lieutenant Choi is -- he 's essentially saying that Congress will be part of the reason that this needs to go slow .
But you 're saying that this could actually happen quite quickly .
SESTAK : I think it could , yes .
I think the president as commander in chief needs to be the one that says to the military -- and I understand what Secretary Gates said recently about the plate is kind of full -- that 's not the Defense Department 's decision .
This is the commander in chief 's decision to say we need to change it , which he has .
I 'd like to see us move it by this summer , and I think we can .
We had hearings a year ago , and I 'm a co-sponsor of the bill , and I testified at it .
But we never got it out of committee .
But I honestly believe with this particular president -- let 's just re-emphasize that everyone , everyone is created equal .
MADDOW : Do you think , Congressman Sestak , do you think that as an interim step , if it can't be done by the summer , if it can't be done some time soon for some reason , do you think that the president could order the military to stop investigating whether people are gay ?
Just stop implementing the policy for now until it can be reviewed , until Congress has a chance to decide if they 're going to act on the matter ?
Would that be wise ?
SESTAK : I 'm not sure .
The reason I say this is we are a nation of laws .
And in this last administration , we saw executive actions that seemed to bend , if not break , those laws .
And even though it's for the right reason right now , I 'd like to see us take this on right now , begin the process .
The surgeon ’s knife followed the path of the cancer , and by the time the end drew near , Stephanie Whiting - Stradinger ’s face was pretty much gone .
She had been diagnosed with malignant skin cancer in her early 20s , and as the disease propelled the young mother of three toward an early death , her mother , Joni Whiting , grew weary of the screams of agony .
Dozens of Oxycontin pills every day , sometimes as many as 60 , could not take away her daughter ’s pain .
That ’s when the resident of rural Jordan , Minn. , a self - described law - and - order mom who served in the Vietnam War , turned to medical marijuana .
“ What would you have done if you were in my shoes ? ” a tearful Whiting asked a Minnesota Senate committee Wednesday , testifying on behalf of the latest attempt to legalize the use of medical marijuana for patients suffering from chronic and debilitating illnesses .
The drug helped her daughter eat , Whiting said .
She lived another three months before dying in 2003 at age 26 .
The bill passed the Committee on Health , Housing and Family Security , one of the lowest of many hurdles it must clear before becoming law .
Past efforts at a bill have been met with opposition by law enforcement groups , as well as Gov. Tim Pawlenty .
Spokesman Brian McClung said Pawlenty ’s opposition remains unchanged .
More than a dozen states have medical marijuana laws on the books , and there is widespread anecdotal evidence that doctors recommend it for everything from easing the effects of chemotherapy to pain management .
The Minnesota Medical Association has not taken a position on the issue .
And despite a futile , decade - long effort to pass a medical marijuana bill at the state Capitol , a SurveyUSA poll released last May found that Minnesotans favor legalizing medical marijuana by more than a 2 - to - 1 margin .
Medical marijuana supporters have again drummed up a bipartisan list of supporters .
One of those is Sen. Paul Koering , R - Fort Ripley , who said medical marijuana is an issue on which both sides can work together .
“ If medical marijuana will ease somebody ’s pain in their dying days , who in the hell are we to say no to that ? ” Koering said .
Also testifying in support of the bill was Dr. George Wagoner , a retired fellow of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists who lives in Michigan .
He said his wife , who died of ovarian cancer , found that only marijuana eased the nausea associated with chemotherapy .
“ Lunch is n’t a big deal until you ca n’t eat .
This bill is n’t about the street use and abuse of marijuana .
That ’s an entirely different deal .
This is about medicine , ” Wagoner said at a news conference before the hearing , adding that he is dedicating the rest of his life to making marijuana accessible to those who need it .
Opponents include Harlan Johnson , executive director of the Minnesota Chiefs of Police Association .
He said he is concerned that marijuana has not been approved for use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and that it would wind up in the hands of people who have no medical need for the drug .
“ Once the toothpaste is out of the tube , it ’s hard to get it back in , ” Johnson said .
The bill would allow people with cancer , glaucoma , HIV or a host of other illnesses to use a doctor ’s recommendation to obtain a registry card , which allows them to possess up to 2.5 ounces of marijuana or grow as many as 12 marijuana plants .
Falsifying records to obtain such a card would be a felony punishable by up to five years in prison .
The bill contains several provisions addressing questions that have been raised during past attempts at a bill .
They include prohibitions on children obtaining a registry card and bans on using medical marijuana on school grounds , in a corrections facility or while operating a motor vehicle , including a school bus .
Despite states passing similar laws , state laws do not supersede the federal ban on possessing marijuana .
That has led to conflicts in states such as California — which in 1996 enacted the first medical marijuana law by popular vote — where federal agents have raided dispensaries across the state .
A spokesman for President Barack Obama has said federal law enforcement officers should not circumvent state wishes when it comes to medical marijuana .
Research could soon show that cannabis could be a helpful long - term treatment for multiple sclerosis sufferers .
Patients who took part in a 15 - week study - published in the Lancet last year - went on to try the effectiveness of the banned drug for a 52 - week course , John Zajicek of the Peninsula medical school told the British Association science festival which ended in Exeter yesterday .
" Initial results of the longer - term study are positive and will be published in the near future .
In the short - term study , there was some evidence of cannabinoids alleviating symptoms of multiple sclerosis ; in the longer term there is a suggestion of a more useful beneficial effect , which was not clear at the initial stage , " he said in a statement .
" I hope these results will encourage support of further studies of cannabinoids in multiple sclerosis and , potentially , other diseases . "
Cannabis has been used as a medical treatment for at least as long as it has been a recreational drug .
Queen Victoria is supposed to have used it for period pains .
It was sometimes used in childbirth and a poignant archaeological discovery in the Middle East revealed cannabis remnants near the body of a young woman who probably died in childbirth 5,000 years ago .
Cancer patients have claimed that cannabis could help suppress nausea after chemotherapy .
Glaucoma sufferers have claimed it relieves pressure on the eyeball and delays the onset of blindness .
Animal experiments have suggested the drug slows nerve cell death .
And many multiple sclerosis sufferers have been using it , illegally , to relieve the pain and stiffness of their slow progression towards helplessness .
Once it became clear that cannabis - like chemicals were produced naturally in the human nervous system to control appetite and facilitate nerve cell communication , researchers began to understand why a folk remedy could be medically effective .
But clinical evidence in randomised double - blind trials has been rare .
" We set out to establish whether there was any scientific truth behind that , " Dr Zajicek said .
A total of 667 patients took part in a short - term study .
More than 500 agreed to go on to longer trials .
The patients were given either capsules containing cannabis extract , an active component of the drug called THC , or sugar pills .
The chief aim had been relief of muscle stiffness .
" But we also wanted to look at the other symptoms , including pain , bladder disturbance and measures of disability , " he said .
" From the patient 's symptomatic point of view there was beneficial effect but we could n't prove that from an independent assessment by a physiotherapist of muscle stiffness . "
So they continued the trials : the results could be published in a few weeks ' time .
Researchers are notoriously unwilling to discuss results before they have been reviewed by their peers and published formally in a scientific journal .
" What I can say at the moment is that there does seem to be evidence of some beneficial effect in the longer term that we did n't anticipate in the short term study . "
After nearly a decade of harsh " antiterrorist " operations that frequently targeted civilians in Chechnya , the Kremlin has declared the mission accomplished and pledged to withdraw at least half its troops from the now pacified , mainly Muslim republic .
According to the Kremlin , years of relentless – if often controversial – security measures combined with generous reconstruction aid provided by Moscow have proven to be a winning formula that isolated Chechnya 's separatist and extreme Islamist rebels , cornered them in the republic 's remote mountains , and ultimately defeated them .
It is also seen as a victory for former President Vladimir Putin 's strategy of " Chechenizing " the conflict by turning power over to Moscow 's local allies , led by Chechnya 's current strongman Ramzan Kadyrov .
Announcing the decision to lift the emergency regime Thursday , the official National Antiterrorism Committee painted a picture of civilian life returning to normal in the formerly embattled territory and stated that Chechnya is now ready to conduct free trade , travel , and investment with other parts of Russia and even to receive international flights at Grozny 's airport .
" The situation is stable and this change of status will help us in continuing efforts to restore our economy , build more housing , and attract outside investment , " says Ziyat Sabsibi , who is Mr. Kadyrov 's official representative in Russia 's Federation Council , the upper house of parliament .
" We have particularly high hopes of getting investment from the Persian Gulf and Middle East , " where there are large communities of expatriate Chechens , he says .
Kadyrov told journalists this week that most former rebels have been either killed or come over to the pro-Moscow local government , leaving " no more than 70 " of them still holed up in mountain hideouts .
Lifting the state of emergency will enable Moscow to pull out some 20,000 Interior Ministry forces – though an equal number will remain indefinitely – and also allow the cancellation of curfews , Chechnya 's formerly ubiquitous security check points , and summary house searches by police , he said .
Critic : Russian withdrawal ' purely symbolic '
Critics say it 's true that Chechnya today is mostly peaceful and that the horrific human rights abuses committed by Russian forces in early stages of the war have largely abated .
But they argue that life in the little republic of 1.1 million people is anything but normal .
They say that the Kremlin has bought the appearance of stability at the cost of consigning Chechnya into a legal black hole , where Mr. Kadyrov 's forces run the republic without regard for the Russian Constitution or even the Kremlin 's authority .
" Chechnya exists today as a kind of enclave , completely outside the framework of Russian or international law , " says Tatiana Lokshina , deputy director of Human Rights Watch in Russia , who was reached by phone in Grozny .
" This decision to lift the state of emergency has purely symbolic significance for the population of Chechnya .
Today , the human rights abuses are committed by [ pro- Moscow ]
Chechens rather than Russian security forces , but the atmosphere of impunity is the same , " she says .
A tiny republic 's dark history
The northern Caucasus region , of which Chechnya is part , was conquered by Imperial Russia in the 19th century and later forcibly incorporated into the Soviet Union .
The Chechens , a warlike mountain nation , rose up repeatedly and declared independence as the USSR was collapsing in 1991 .
An invasion launched by then - Russian President Boris Yeltsin in 1994 killed an estimated 100,000 people , mainly civilians , and ended in Russian defeat two years later .
But a de facto independent Chechnya became a nexus for crime and subversion throughout the region .
After a wave of apartment bombings , blamed on Chechen terrorists , that killed 300 Russians in 1999 , the Kremlin again ordered Russian troops to invade the tiny republic .
That war , now almost a decade old , created a flood of refugees and left terror - stricken survivors living a tenuous existence amid the shattered ruins of Grozny and other Chechen cities .
In 2004 , the Russian human rights group Memorial estimated that the two wars had killed more than 200,000 civilians and up to 40,000 Russian troops .
In addition to thousands of civilians killed as " collateral damage " in antiterrorist military operations , human rights groups allege that Russian security forces also ran special squads that targeted potential opponents for abduction , torture , and summary execution .
" Over 5,000 people have disappeared without a trace , the vast majority at the hands of the security forces , " says Ms. Lokshina .
" Only one Russian officer has ever been convicted for such violations .
There is no accountability for the past ; thousands of loved ones have no hope to find justice , and this remains an ongoing source of deep instability . "
Tough leader for a tough land
The current Chechen leader is the son of Akhmad Kadyrov , a former rebel and Muslim cleric , who was tapped by the Kremlin for leadership but later murdered by Chechen Islamists in a spectacular 2004 stadium bombing .
The younger Kadyrov , a bull - necked flamboyant figure , who wears a track suit even on visits to the Kremlin and keeps a pet tiger in his mansion , became the republic 's de facto ruler and was later elected Chechnya 's president in a Moscow - orchestrated political process .
Moscow has spent billions of dollars on reconstruction projects in Chechnya , all of it channelled through Mr. Kadyrov , and last summer Prime Minister Putin announced a further $ 4.7 billion allocation for the next four years .
But some experts fear that Kadyrov is increasingly going his own way .
For example , he recently defied Russian law by backing " honor killings " of Chechen women by male relatives , and openly calling for legalized polygamy .
" I am saying to everyone , whoever has the desire or the opportunity , you need to take a second wife , " Kadyrov said recently .
Malik Saydullayev , a Moscow - based Chechen businessman who unsuccessfully ran for president against Kadyrov , says the Kremlin has capitulated to Kadyrov 's demands for a " normalization " of the republic 's status , but that nothing has been solved for the Chechen people .
" There is no real leader , elected by the Chechen people , and in this situation opposition will go on , " Mr. Saydullayev says .
" I think that the situation will grow even worse . "
Several high - profile critics of Kadyrov have met tragic ends in recent years , including Anna Politkovskaya , a correspondent for the crusading Moscow weekly newspaper Novaya Gazeta , who was gunned down in the lobby of her Moscow apartment in 2006 .
More recently , a former bodyguard who accused Kadyrov of human rights abuses , Umar Israilov , was murdered in Austria by a Chechen assassin , and former Chechen general and Kadyrov foe Sulim Yamadayev was murdered in Dubai in March .
Will Russia 's withdrawal bring more power to Kadyrov ?
But even some Kremlin critics argue that Ramzan Kadyrov 's harsh one - man rule in Chechnya may be a necessary evil .
" It seems that Kadyrov is the worst option , except for all the others , " says Yulia Latynina , a journalist with Novaya Gazeta .
She says the extremist Islamic rebels , who 've spread their struggle around the volatile north Caucasus , are a deadly and growing threat .
( See here for more details . )
" Chechnya under Kadyrov is controlled much more effectively than [ the neighboring republics of ] Ingushetia and Dagestan , where things are falling apart , " says Ms. Latynina .
" Kadyrov today is the only working institution in Chechnya .
There is no society , nothing but him . "
On the other hand , some who usually back the Kremlin 's tough handling of Chechnya say they have reservations about removing federal forces , because it leaves Kadyrov in sole control of the republic .
" Yes , we had to lift the emergency regime in Chechnya , but there are too many ' buts ' about it , " says Viktor Ilyukhin , a Communist deputy who chairs the State Duma 's security commission .
" All this is meant to help Kadyrov to keep Chechnya within Russia , but if financing from Moscow decreases , Kadyrov might change his position toward Russia .
I do n't trust Kadyrov . "
Ferris Bueller wannabes — like me — with enough money — unlike me — have a reason to be happy :
The stunning Ben Rose Home , which was Cameron 's house in the movie , is now available for sale .
Advertisement
The property includes two buildings .
One of them was used as a garage / car museum in real life and in the movie .
The home has four bedrooms and four full baths , with beautiful forest views .
Total size : 5300 square feet .
But beyond the Ferris Bueller lore , the Ben Rose Home — designed by A. James Speyer and David Haid — this is my dream home : Simple , elegant , built with glass , aluminum , cedar wood , and steel over a wild ravine in the middle of the Highland Park 's woods , in Illinois .
In other words , Grade A architecture / property porn .
Advertisement
Click to viewIf I had the $ 2,300,000 I would buy it in a heartbeat .
Sadly , I do n't .
Who wants to buy this for me ?
Anyone ?
Anyone ?
[ Realtor via Retro Thing ]
During last year ’s presidential election campaign in the United States , Barack Obama spoke often of boosting his country ’s military presence in Afghanistan .
Since taking office on 20 January , his Administration has already approved the deployment of a further 17,000 American troops to the troubled Central Asian nation .
The US has very publicly called for other foreign armies in Afghanistan to increase their military presence too .
Although the global financial crisis dominated discussions between Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and President Obama in Washington this week , the future direction of the US - led foreign presence in Afghanistan was also high on the agenda .
Publicly at least , Obama has avoided pressing Rudd for a surge in Australia ’s military presence in Afghanistan .
And while Kevin Rudd has said consistently that Australia should remain in the country to help enhance its security , he has been equally hesitant to increase Australian boots on the ground .
There is good reason for this trepidation .
A recent Newspoll found that less than one third of Australian voters surveyed supported an increase in Australia ’s troop contribution to Afghanistan , even if the United States requests it .
Bizarrely , the poll did not ask whether Australians supported our presence in Afghanistan in the first place .
Had such a poll been conducted , it may well have exposed an even deeper problem for the Government — namely , that patience is wearing thin for the long - running conflict .
Two Australian soldiers were killed on active duty in Afghanistan last week .
Another three soldiers and their interpreter were injured by an improvised explosive device in the southern Uruzgan province , where the Taliban and local Pashtun militia allies have a strong presence .
The total Australian death toll now stands at 10 .
( Afghanistan National Army casualties , in contrast , are likely to be more than a thousand .
Unlike foreign troop casualties , for which detailed statistics are widely available , little information on Afghan soldiers is made public .
A report to the UN Security Council last year found that there were 8000 deaths in the conflict during 2008 .
At least 1500 of these were civilian . )
If Australians continue to die in this conflict , particularly in large numbers , the Government may face a severe backlash from the electorate and be compelled to pull our troops completely or , at the very least , from frontline positions .
After the Taliban captured 21 Koreans in Afghanistan in July 2007 , for instance , South Korea withdrew its 210 soldiers from the country .
In truth , Australian personnel make up only a fraction of the 62,000 - strong International Assistance Force for Afghanistan — although they do constitute the largest foreign non-NATO representation in the country .
A further 9-10,000 United States soldiers operate independent of ISAF in Afghanistan .
That will likely be boosted by the 17,000 extra US troops over the coming Northern summer and spring — the period when the Taliban recommence their annual offensives in Afghanistan from the south and east of the country .
The Obama Administration is currently completing what it describes as a major review of its military and political strategy in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The new policy is expected to be formally announced at a NATO summit in France on 5 April .
But just how different will the Obama Administration policy be ?
One expected feature will be a plan to divide the Taliban between " moderate " elements – who are more motivated by local considerations like stability or nationalism and demand the removal of all foreign troops currently occupying Afghanistan – and more " hardcore " or ideologically driven members who , as well as the removal of troops , want to create what they perceive to be a proper Islamic state .
The latter group is considered too attached to the al Qaeda network to be negotiated with .
That proposal , however , was considered — and mooted — on several occasions by senior Bush administration and other Western officials as recently as last year .
Moreover , the Obama Administration ’s decision to escalate attacks on suspected militant hideouts in Pakistan , including the prospect of bombing the already politically unstable Balochistan province to the south of the tribal areas where key Taliban and al Qaeda leaders are believed to be based , constitutes an acceleration of Bush administration policy , rather than a major shift .
One consistent feature of the Western presence in Afghanistan is the absence of discussion on its geostrategic interests in the region .
It is said that the primary reason for being in Afghanistan is to prevent it from becoming a failed state and , thereby , a haven for terrorism .
But another aim , rarely mentioned in the mainstream media , is to create a stable regime through which Central Asia ’s resource wealth may be siphoned in favour of Western businesses rather than those of rival powers China , Iran and Russia .
Another motivation is to maintain a military presence in a region in the stomping ground of the aforementioned emerging non-Western powers : China , Iran and Russia .
Of course , all these issues reveal a glaring contradiction — that is , to secure Afghanistan , foreign troops will have to defeat the Taliban in some shape or form , even if that means making peace with elements of it .
Yet , without an improvement in the dire living conditions that most Afghans experience , or a reduction in the rampant corruption , despotism and heroine trade engulfing the country , it is difficult to see how it will ever be truly safe and secure .
The judge assigned to review whether the trial judge in the Pirate Bay trial was biased has now been removed — for bias , of course .
The convoluted web of potential scandal further complicates the April 17 copyright infringement convictions of the four founders of The Pirate Bay , the world 's most notorious BitTorrent tracker .
Judge Ulrika Ihrfelt was assigned to investigate whether the four should be granted a retrial based on revelations that the original trial judge is a member of industry copyright - protection groups .
But Ihrfelt was removed from the case Wednesday amid allegations that she was a member of the same organizations , a Swedish newspaper reports .
The defendants charged that the Stockholm trial court secretly steered the case to Tomas Norstrom .
The defendants claim Norstrom was hostile to the defense because of his affiliations with the Swedish Copyright Association and the Swedish Association for the Protection of Industrial Property .
Pirate Bay administrators Fredrik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg and Peter Sunde were found guilty in the case , along with Carl Lundström , who was convicted of funding the five - year - old operation .
Fredrik Wersall , the appellate court 's president , said the claims of trial bias would be resolved " in a few weeks at the maximum . "
See Also :
While airliners risk ingesting birds once they have taken off - sometimes with fatal results for those on board - it is rare for any object to become lodged in an engine while the plane is still on the ground .
Do ghosts really exist ?
Oasis singer Liam Gallagher has supposedly met one , as has Robbie Williams .
But yesterday scientists announced the launch of a study to solve of the great eternal mysteries :
Do ghosts exist ?
Researchers led by psychologist , Professor Richard Wiseman of Hertfordshire University asked for members of the public to send in their sightings and photographs of ghosts , ghouls and gremlins .
And next month , at The Edinburgh International Science Festival , the experts will reveal whether they believe any genuine ghosts have been uncovered - or whether there is a perfectly logical explanation .
Professor Wiseman said : " Around 10 per cent of the population reports experiencing a ghost .
" They are in good company - famous ghost encounters include the Queen who has allegedly seen the ghost of John Brown , Queen Victoria ’s servant .
Liam Gallagher , Sting , Robbie Williams , Mick Jagger ’s daughter Elizabeth , Hugh Grant and Daniel Day Lewis all claim to have seen ghosts .
" We know very little about what they have seen and felt , and what lies behind these strange phenomena .
“ We need as many people to participate as possible , and even want those who have not had a ghostly experience to take part ” .
He added : " Are ghosts translucent wailing things with chains or , as I suspect , seen as solid figures which suddenly do something impossible , like walking through a wall ? "
He added : “ About once a month I get sent a fairly good ghost photo where it ’s not immediately obvious what ’s going on .
“ Often you might see what looks like a face in semi - darkness but its just a trick of the light .
The human brain is hard - wired to see faces , for instance in clouds .
That ’s because faces are the most important thing we ßcan see around us .
“ I ’m pretty sceptical , and usually there ’s a rational explanation , but it could be that someone out there is sitting on something really interesting . ”
A number of ghost pictures can already be seen on the site .
One shows what appears to be the face of a little girl poking between the legs of a group of friends .
It was taken at a house where there have been sightings of a ghostly child aged three or four .
But Professor Wiseman said : “ It ’s just a very odd configuration of the light .
These are always the hardest ones to explain . ”
Another taken at a castle 22 years ago appears to show the transparent figure of a headless ghost in an army coat standing in front of two children playing on a cannon .
Prof Wiseman said : “ The person who took it is absolutely convinced that it ’s a photo of the headless ghost who walks around the castle walls .
Maybe he ’s angry with the kids playing around .
This one might be a double exposure . ”
Celebrities said to have met ghosts include Sir Winston Churchill who " met " Abraham Lincoln at the White House , Liam Gallagher who was " visited " by the ghost of John Lennon and Robbie Williams who saw the ghost of an old woman while staying at Ringo Starr 's Los Angeles home .
Oscar - winning actor Daniel Day Lewis supposedly saw the ghost of his father while playing Hamlet on stage and the poet Lord Byron saw the ghost of a Black Friar at his family home .
Despite 15 years of studying the paranormal Professor Wiseman needs more convincing .
World champion ski jumper Lindsey Van wants to compete in the Olympics
A group of international female ski jumpers has gone to a Canadian court to try to force the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics to include their events .
The British Columbia Supreme Court has begun hearing the discrimination case .
The 15 women accuse Vancouver 's Olympic organisers of violating Canadian human rights law by excluding them , while men compete in three ski jumping events .
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) says women 's ski jumping is not developed enough to merit inclusion .
The Vancouver Olympic organising committee ( Vanoc ) argues that the decision not to include women 's ski jumping was made by the IOC , which as an international organisation is outside the jurisdiction of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
Legal experts say the women must convince BC Supreme Court Justice Lauri Ann Fenlon that Vanoc is controlled by the government and should therefore be subject to the Charter .
Ski jumping is one of the few events at the Winter or Summer Olympics that does n't have both a men's and women 's competition .
" We 're asking for a declaration that if Vanoc is going to hold these events in ski jumping for men , it 's obligated to hold them for women , " the lawyer for the women , Ross Clark , told CBC News before the hearing began .
" It just hurts not to have that opportunity , " said women 's world champion Lindsey Van of the US outside the courthouse in Vancouver .
" We train so hard , but the men are allowed in and we are not .
It 's very disappointing . "
Earlier this year , the U.S. Supreme Court decided the case of Herring v. United States in which the issue presented was whether evidence found during a search incident to arrest must be excluded in a later prosecution when that evidence was seized by the police in violation of the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
The pertinent facts in Herring are that in July of 2004 a police officer in Coffee County Alabama learned that an individual named Bennie Dean Herring had driven to the Coffee County Sheriff ’s Department in order to retrieve an item located in his truck which had been previously impounded by that same department .
Because the officer knew that Herring had a criminal past , he asked the county ’s warrants clerk to check on whether Herring had any outstanding warrants for his arrest in Coffee County .
When the clerk found none , the officer asked her to check on whether Herring had any outstanding warrants in neighboring Dale County .
Upon being told that Herring did indeed have an open warrant in that county , the officer arrested and searched Herring .
When he did so , the officer found drugs and a gun on Herring ’s person .
However , within ten to fifteen minutes of Herring ’s arrest , the officer was told that the warrant he had arrested Herring for had actually been recalled five months earlier .
In spite of that , Herring was indicted in a United States District Court in Alabama for illegally possessing the gun and drugs .
Herring ’s lawyer filed a motion to suppress the gun and drugs on the ground that Herring ’s arrest was illegal because the warrant he had been arrested for had been recalled five months prior to his arrest .
Although the prosecutor agreed that Herring ’s arrest violated the Fourth Amendment , he still maintained that he should be allowed to present the seized evidence to the jury at Herring ’s trial because the arresting officer reasonably believed that there was an outstanding arrest warrant in effect when he arrested Herring .
The case ultimately made its way to the U.S. Supreme Court where the Court was asked to decide whether the prosecution could present the gun and drugs as evidence at Herring ’s trial .
By a vote of 5 to 4 , the United States Supreme Court ruled that the gun and drugs could be presented as evidence at Herring ’s trial because the error regarding the recalled warrant was " the result of isolated negligence attenuated from the arrest . "
In other words , because the officer who arrested Herring made an honest mistake regarding the recalled warrant , the Fourth Amendment does not require that the gun and drugs be excluded at Herring ’s trial .
In dissent , Justice Ginsburg , joined by three other justices , stated that " the most serious impact of the [ majority opinion ] will be on innocent persons wrongfully arrested based on erroneous information carelessly maintained in a computer database . "
She continued on by saying that " [ n] egligent recordkeeping errors by law enforcement threaten individual liberty , are susceptible to deterrence by the exclusionary rule , and cannot be remedied effectively through other means . "
Finally , Justice Ginsburg perceptively observed that " by restricting suppression to bookkeeping errors that are deliberate or reckless , the majority [ opinion ] leaves Herring , and others like him , with no remedy for violations of their constitutional rights . "
In other words , when the police violate the law but the violation is not deliberate or reckless , there is nothing that a person can do who suffers as a result of that violation .
Father who asked prostitute to take 14 - year - old son 's virginity as a present is spared jail
The father asked the undercover officer to have sex with his son for £ 20 .
( Picture posed by model )
A man who tried to hire a prostitute to take his 14 - year - old son 's virginity as a present was spared jail today .
The Polish national drove the boy to a red - light district in Nottingham , suggesting he pick a woman they saw standing at the roadside .
But the 42 - year - old father was arrested because the teenager had chosen an undercover police officer , Nottingham Crown Court heard .
Today , the man , who can not be named for legal reasons , was handed a ten - month prison sentence , suspended for a year .
The full - time carer , from Bulwell , Nottingham , earlier admitted a charge of trying to solicit a woman to have sex with a child .
The court heard that the father was arrested in the Mapperley area of the city at 11.30 pm on July 26 last year during an undercover vice squad operation .
Adrian Harris , prosecuting , told the court how the officer kept up the pretence until a deal had been struck .
' An undercover police officer whose codename was Sarah said a car drove up to her , ' he said .
' It was driven by the defendant who beckoned her over .
' He was not alone in the car and in the passenger seat was a boy .
The defendant said : " Hello baby , how much ? "
' She said , " It depends what you want . "
He replied , " Come on baby , what is it that you do ?
How much for a proper sh*g for him ? "
And then he pointed to his son . '
Mr Harris said the undercover officer gave a price of £ 25 which was negotiated down to £ 20 .
' The defendant said he would pull over and at this point he was arrested by plainclothes police officers and both he and the boy were interviewed separately . '
Mr Harris added : ' The boy said that they had driven past the girl and his dad pointed to her and said " Will she do ? "
' He said yes and they had turned round .
He said his dad did this because he was still a virgin and he was taking care of that for him . '
Judge Jonathan
Teare said he was sparing the man from jail because of his otherwise excellent character .
The judge told him : ' You have a duty of care to your son and that is to look after his moral welfare , not as you might think to break him in to the ways of sex through a prostitute . '
The father listened with the help of an interpreter as his barrister Matthew Smith said : ' There is a thorough sense of shame the defendant feels - it 's completely at odds with every other part of his character . '
The court heard the two arrived from Poland eight years ago following the death of the boy 's mother .
The father had remarried but his new wife suffered from schizophrenia .
The boy will be allowed to stay with his father , who must sign the sex offenders register for five years .
Last updated 2009-07-25
TextMate Basics Tutorial
Welcome to the TextMate Basics Tutorial .
After having setup your TextMate , this Tutorial will show you around the basic features of TextMate .
This is a must for everyone who wants to use TextMate seriously .
This Tutorial starts rather unusually with an insight of TextMates Extensibility and Bundle System and also will show off the built - in editing features .
I find this “ Understanding TextMate ” Section is essential for every user .
— Soryu
Notice : Part of this Tutorial is available in Japanese at fraction .
jp. 有難う Yuanying !
Content
Understanding TextMate
When you edit a file , TextMate recognizes the file type ( in most cases ) and provides several specific commands to work with that file .
Let ’s assume you are editing an HTML file .
TextMate will recognize the following extensions as HTML : html , htm , shtml , xhtml , phtml , php , inc , tmpl , tpl .
Furthermore , if your file starts with an HTML DOCTYPE declaration it will be recognized as well .
Based on that the file is syntax - highlighted according to the ‘ HTML Language Grammar ’ that is defined in the ‘ HTML Bundle ’ .
Let ’s take a look what those Bundles are about , shall we ?
Bundles
Bundles are Containers for certain functionality , mostly Language - centered .
Feel free to open the ‘ Bundle Editor ’ from within TextMate with ⌃⌥ ⌘B ( Window → Show Bundle Editor ) .
I have selected the first Command in the ‘ HTML Bundle ’ .
Do n’t be scared right off by the funny program source in the text - field to the right .
All the items that are grouped under the “ HTML ” headline on the left are specific things to HTML .
There are Commands that will transform characters or open a window with Documentation for an HTML Tag , Drag Commands that will let you Drag ’n ’ Drop Files ( will be inserted as Links ) or Images into the HTML Source , Macros and Snippets ( expandable , intelligent Text Blocks ) .
Further down there is the ‘ HTML Language Grammar ’ ( that defines how the Syntax is highlighted and provides Semantic info for Commands ) , several Preferences you can adapt to your needs and different kinds of Templates for various HTML / XHTML versions .
If you select the name of the Bundle you can rearrange how TextMate structures the menu of the Bundle .
This menu can be called by selecting the Bundle from Bundles → [ Bundle name ] or by pressing ⌃⎋ [ Control - Escape ] ( Gear menu in status bar ) which opens the right bundle according to the context your caret ( Text cursor ) is in .
The gear menu gives you a lot of power and control right at your fingertips .
I hope , you are still with me .
Let ’s take a shallow look at the different things so you get a feeling of the power you have on your hands with these Bundles .
Commands
Commands are shell scripts ; little computer programs that invoke other programs to do specific tasks .
They are used to transform portions of your document , invoke Documentation , Run files ( for programming languages ) , etc .
And because they are usual shell scripts , they have all the power that Mac OSX gives us – Bash , Perl , Python , Ruby , PHP , AppleScript and all those little utilities that make up a UNIX - derivate – grep , wc , etc —
You name it !
I ca n’t got much into detail w/o repeating everything in the manual : Learn more about commands in the official TextMate manual .
Snippets
Snippets are powerful and intelligent Text Blocks .
It can include code to run at the insertion time , variables ( like selected text ) , tab stops / placeholders for missing information ( which you can tab through after insertion ) , and perform transformations on the data which you enter in the placeholders .
— The Manual
Let ’s see some quick examples .
Pure Text “ Non-Breaking Space ” .
This is basically the simplest Snippet you can get .
It is bound to ⌥⎵ [ Option - Space ] in HTML Documents .
Try it !
It just inserts those characters .
Text with Placeholders ( and default values ) < meta name= " $ { 1:name} " content= " $ { 2:content} " /> “ Meta ” , Type meta and press ⇥ ( Tabulator ) .
This is a very basic Snippet .
It will get inserted into your file almost as - is .
Notice the $ {1 : name} and $ {2 : content} special sequences .
Those are placeholders .
When you invoke the snippet it will insert < meta name = " name " content= " content " /> into your file , with the name bit inside placeholder 1 selected .
Now you can change that selection by overtyping it ( you do n’t need to ) and press ⇥ ( Tabulator ) to get to the next Placeholder , which is the value of the content attribute .
Type your text , press ⇥ again and you get out of the snippet and can go on editing your file .
Does this sound complicated ?
Try it , it ’s easy and you will love it instantly !
I think , this will get you started .
Explore the other snippets in the Bundle to find some more examples .
For more details like running shell code and using regular expression replacement within Snippets check out the Manual .
Macros
Macros are recorded Keystrokes or Command / Snippet invocations .
They can be recorded and saved from the Bundles → Macros menu .
In the ‘ HTML Bundle ’ there is one Macro : “ Forward Delete All Whitespace ” .
It executes a search with a regular expression from the current caret ( Text cursor ) position which selects all whitespace ( Spaces , Tab - characters & New - Line - Characters ) until the next non-whitespace character and deletes them .
You can invoke it via ⌃⌥⌦ ( Control - Option - Delete [ Delete = fn-Backspace for Laptop users ] ) .
The Manual has this section about Macros .
Languages
Languages ( Language Grammars ) are complicated nested rules of Regular Expressions .
We ca n’t even scratch the surface in this Tutorial but you should know about the existence of Scopes .
Scopes are defined by Language Grammars and are considered “ Markup for your Language Syntax ” – or the context .
There is a strong analogy to CSS selectors .
Let ’s say we have an HTML file .
Everywhere in this file we have a scope of text .
html .
An HTML Tag like < p > will have the scope of meta.tag .
ny .html and for the name “ p ” it has entity.name.tag.html .
Those scopes nest and override each other .
Why am I bothering you about such details you might say ?
Those scopes are everywhere .
They are the base of the Theming / Syntax Highlighting system .
And they define where certain Commands , Snippets and Macros are available ( you probably saw the ‘ Scope Selector ’ text - field way at the bottom of the ‘ Bundle Editor ’ ) .
E.g. you can set a command to only work within an HTML file by setting its scope to text .
html .
The Manual says this about Language Grammars and there is the explanation about Scopes as a Blog Entry and the Manual Chapter about Scopes .
Preference Items
Preference Items store several , well , Preferences .
Most notable are :
“ smartTypingPairs ” –
They define pairs of characters so that the second character gets automatically inserted when you type the first character .
Try it with " ( double quote ) for example .
And try it again while you have some text selected .
This saves you time and lets you not forget to insert the closing character of ( e.g. ) a string .
( double quote ) for example .
And try it again while you have some text selected .
This saves you time and lets you not forget to insert the closing character of ( e.g. ) a string .
“ shellVariables ” – This lets you define Shell Variables to be available for Commands in certain contexts .
This is e.g. used for the “ Comment Line / Selection ” Command .
( More on that later . )
As always , the Manual provides a chapter on Preference Items for further reading .
Templates
Explaining how Templates work and how they are created would be too much for this little Tutorial .
To give you the basic idea :
A template consists of a ( shell ) command which generates the actual new file and generally the template file from which the new file will be generated .
— The Manual
The most important points about templates :
You can create a new file from a template .
Choose e.g. File → New From Template → HTML → HTML — 4.01 Strict and you will be greeted by a new document with a basic HTML skeleton .
You can edit that part via the Bundle Editor when you expand the respective template and edit the index.html entry .
Special Bundles
CAUTION : The “ Text ” and “ Source ” Bundles define the basis for most other Bundles .
You should not deactivate them !
Conclusion so far
I know this must have been a rough ride until now – but you will thank me at some point for the insight you have gained about the Bundles I think .
TextMate is 1000 % adaptable and extensible – yes , this number is right .
Without those bundles that are mostly written by Users like you and me TextMate would not have 1/10th of its power .
And now for the fun part where we will use all this power .
Harnessing the power
The most vital shortcut in TextMate is ⌃ ⌘T ( Bundles → Select Bundle Item … ) .
It will show any Command / Snippet / Macro available in the current scope and lets you filter the list .
If you ever wonder where a Command or Snippet was or if one exists for a given purpose , invoke the Select Bundle Item action .
Click on the magnifier glass symbol and choose Key equivalent and you can even search for shortcuts !
Some examples ( Input → Output ) :
“ remove space ” → “ Converting / Stripping → Remove Trailing Spaces in Document / Selection — Text ”
“ space tab ” → “ Convert Spaces to Tabs ( Estimating Indent ) — Source ⌃⇧⌘T ”
” “ html doc ” → “ Create HTL from Document / Selection — TextMate ”
Insider - Tip : Write in ALL CAPS to have the limitation to the current scope switched off .
You can search for any item in any bundle that way .
— Soryu
Editing Text
( Please see the TextMate manual about the conventions used for keyboard shortcuts . )
Beside the standard navigation keys there are some handy shortcuts ( most of which are working throughout Cocoa / OSX applications and are common to people coming from e.g. emacs ) .
Caret movement
⌃ F , ⌃B Character forward / back
⌃ A , ⌃E Line beginning / end
⌃ P , ⌃N Line up / down
?? , ⌃V Page up / down
⌘ J ( Edit → Find → Jump to Selection ) Center selection on screen
⌃L Center line with caret on screen
⇧ ⌘J ( Navigation → Go to Middle Visible Line ) Go to Middle Visible Line , moves caret
You can also move the window w/o moving the caret .
This can be achieved with ⌃⌥⌘←→↑↓ and is a handy way to just move the visible editing area .
Selections
⌃ W ( Edit → Select → Word ) Select current Word
⇧ ⌘L ( Edit → Select → Line ) Select current Line
⇧ ⌘B ( Edit → Select → Enclosing Brackets ) Select enclosing Smart Typing Pair ( see Preference Items ) .
This can be Braces , Brackets , Curly Braces , “ < ” , “ > ” , Quotation Marks , etc .
⌃⌘←→ ( Text → Move Selection → Column Left / Right )
Moves the current Selection character - wise
⌃⌘↑↓ ( Text → Move Selection → Line Up / Down )
Moves the current Selection line - wise .
⌥ ⌘A ( Text → Edit Each Line in Selection ) lets you insert text at the end of each line in the current selection .
⌥ F2 will bring up the Context Menu ( like right - clicking ) so you can easily correct the spelling of the current word or use conversion commands on a selection .
Column Selection
Pressing the ⌥
Key with a selection spanning multiple lines will switch to Column Selection mode .
This let ’s you edit the text in columns instead of lines which will come in handy in several places .
There is a nice Screencast which demonstrates this feature in conjunction with the Math Bundle and how you can work with it .
The Manual has a small section about Column Selections , but please take a look at the Screencast to see what you can really do .
Indents
When using the tab key at the beginning of a line , TextMate will insert as many tabs as estimated correct for that line .
If the line already has text , the caret will move to the front of this text .
If the line already has the correct indent ( or above ) a single tab will be inserted .
— The Manual
If in ‘ Soft Tabs Mode ’ this will of course insert the specified number of Spaces .
To manually change the indent of a line you can use ⌘[ ( Text → Shift Left ) and ⌘]
( Text → Shift Right ) ; also ⌥⇥ and ⌥⇤ ( where ⇤ is achieved using ⇧⇥ ) .
⇧ ⌘[ ( Text → Shift Indent Line / Selection ) will automatically indent the current line / selection .
Pasting will also automatically indent the pasted text / code .
To disable this either use ⌃⌘V ( Edit → Paste Without Reindent ) temporarily switch it off globally in the Preferences .
Copy / Paste
In addition to the standard Copy / Cut / Paste shortcuts .
⇧ ⌘V ( Edit → Paste Previous ) pastes the previously copied item Using this more than once will subsequently insert older items form the Paste History and make them available for the standard ‘ Paste ’ command as well .
An example : Copy “ 1 ” Copy “ 2 ” Copy “ 3 ” Paste → “ 3 ” Paste Previous → “ 2 ” Paste Previous → “ 1 ” Paste → “ 1 ” .
⌥ ⌘V ( Edit → Paste Next ) works the other way and pastes the next item in the paste history
⌃⌥⌘V ( Edit → Paste from History ) brings up a popup menu containing all things copied or cut in this editing session .
Once you select an item from this list , the normal “ Paste ” operation will keep inserting this item until you Copy or Cut something again .
⌃ D Forward delete character / selection
⌃ K , ⌃Y Kill & Yank Similar to “ Cut ” and “ Paste ” , things killed can be yanked .
This uses a different buffer than standard Copy / Paste but “ Cut ” will overwrite this buffer , too .
( This is strange OSX default behavior . )
⌃⇧K ( Text Bundle → Delete Line ) deletes the current line
⌃ ⇧D ( Text Bundle → Duplicate Line ) duplicates the current selection or line With a selection , TextMate will duplicate it and insert it after the selected area leaving the duplicated text selected , so you can go on duplicating it again .
Without a selection TextMate will duplicate the current line and insert in below , placing the caret on the new line .
Word Completion
⎋ ( Edit → Completion → Next Completion )
TextMate has a simple yet effective completion function on ⎋ ( escape ) .
It will complete the current word based on matches in the current document .
If there are multiple matches , you can cycle through these by pressing ⎋ continuously .
It is also possible to cycle backwards using ⇧⎋ .
— The Manual
Find & Replace
There are a lot of keyboard shortcuts for Find and Replace functionality .
The Edit → Find Menu tells you about them :
The most notable two are : ⌘ E which replaces the search string with the current selection and ⇧⌘E which replaces the replacement string with the current selection ( or with nothing if nothing is selected ) .
Using these two shortcuts and a subsequent Replace or Find shortcut you do n’t even have to invoke the Find dialog at all .
Incremental Search
Another rather hidden feature is the incremental search .
⌃ S or ⌃⇧S incrementally searches forward / backward as you type ( the status bar will turn into an input field in that case ) .
Transposing and Conversions
⌃T ( Text → Convert → Transpose ) lets you transpose things .
Without a selection both characters around the caret will be swapped .
With a selection on one line , all characters within the selection will be reversed .
Invoking the command on a selection spanning multiple lines will reverse the order of all the lines .
⌃ G ( Text → Convert → To Opposite Case ) with no selection will toggle the case of the character next to the caret and advance the caret .
with a selection it will toggle the case of all the characters in the selection ( and leave the selection in place ) .
⌃ U ( Text → Convert → To Uppercase ) will toggle the case of the current word or the current selection to upper case , ⌃⇧U ( Text → Convert → To Lowercase ) will do the same things for lower case .
⌃ ⌥U ( Text → Convert → To Titlecase ) will switch the case of the line or selection to title case .
This is intelligent to exclude common short words and is intended to be used on a line containing a title .
Tabs and Spaces
From the Text → Convert Menu ( or with a selection from the Context Menu ) you can choose to convert Tabulator characters to Spaces and vice versa .
The ⌥ ⌘I ( View → Show Invisibles )
Menu item can help you figure out what convention the current file uses and the Tab Menu in the Status line will let you define how TextMate will insert new Tabulator characters you type .
Formatting
TextMate can help you format your text or source in several ways .
The ⌥ ⌘W ( View → Soft Wrap ) and View → Wrap Column items were discussed in the Setup Tutorial already .
⌃Q ( Text → Reformat Paragraph ) will reflow the current paragraph according to the Wrap settings .
⌃ ⌥Q ( Text → Unwrap Paragraph ) will do the opposite and reflow the paragraph on a single line .
⌃ J ( Text → Reformat and Justify ) will do the same as Reformat Paragraph and distribute whitespace between words so that the text is justified .
This can be used for quotations , etc .
While this is mainly used for text , there are some bundles that override this shortcut to provide formatting for different things .
See this Screencast about how to format comments for C - like languages .
Special Edit Modes
Freehand Editing ⌥⌘E ( Edit → Mode → Freehanded Editing )
Allows the caret to move past end of line and inside tab characters .
It is also possible to place the caret unrestricted by line endings ( and tabs ) by holding down ⌥ while placing the caret with the mouse .
— The Manual
Overwrite Mode ⌥⌘O ( Edit → Mode → Overwrite Mode )
This lets you type over existing text .
Running Shell Commands
⌃ R ( Execute Line / Selection Inserting Result ) will run the the current selection / line as a shell command .
Use the ⌥ Modifier to replace the command .
Say you want to insert the a calendar : Type cal , press ⌃ W to select it and press ⌃R to run the selection : April 2006 S M Tu W Th F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
Of course , you still need to know about the shell commands , but this is a very handy way to do certain things without bringing you out of your workflow .
⌥ ⌘R ( Text → Filter through Command … ) pops up a dialog where you can enter a shell command .
That shell command will ba able to read the Text ( Selection or the whole Document ) as input from stdin and you have several options to show the output of the shell command .
Use this to run shell commands on your selected text .
Suppose you have some lines like : Miller , Paul Ashcroft , Rick Clint , Susi Wells , Zac Select them , press ⌥⌘R , type sort and choose “ Selection ” for ‘ Input ’ and “ Replace Selection ” for ‘ Output ’ .
The result will be : Ashcroft , Rick Clint , Susi Miller , Paul Wells , Zac Basically the same as using F5 ( Text Bundle → “ Sort Lines in Document / Selection ” ) does .
Or use cat -n as command in the Dialog and it will produce this : 1 Miller , Paul 2 Ashcroft , Rick 3 Clint , Susi 4 Wells , Zac … which is similar to using Text Bundle → “ Add Line Numbers to Document / Selection ” .
Basically this is what Commands do , as discussed earlier , just ad hoc .
Common Bundles
Triggering Commands / Snippets /etc. form
Bundles can be achieved with the following methods :
“ Bundles ” Menu Groups by Macros , Snippets and Commands and Bundles
Gear Menu in the status bar ( ⌃⎋ ) Groups by Bundles , Pre-selects the Bundle with the current Language Grammar ( defined by the current scope )
) Learning Tab Triggers / Keyboard Shortcuts
The Scope system will restrict the available shortcuts to relevant ones
As you might already have seen , when there are multiple Items with the same Keyboard Shortcut / Tab Trigger , you will get a menu with those Items .
You can then execute them by pressing the respective number to their right or typing their first letter ( if this is unambiguous ) .
Common Bundle Shortcuts
⌘B Build used in programming / markup languages to build / compile / convert the current Project / File Java ( “ Build with Ant ” ) , LaTeX ( “ Typeset and View ” ) , …
⌘ R used in programming languages to Run the current Project / File AppleScript ( Run ) , HTML / CSS ( “ Refresh Running Browser (s ) ” ) , Perl ( “ Run ” ) , Python ( “ Run with PyMate ” ) , Ruby ( “ Run ” ) , Unix Shell ( “ Run Script ” ) , …
⌃ H Look up current Work / Selection in the Documentation CSS ( “ Documentation for Property ” ) , HTML ( “ Documentation for Tag ” ) , …
⌃ ⇧H Conversions ( for Markup languages ) , Tidy Code HTML ( “ HTML Tidy ” ) , LaTeX ( “ Tidy ” ) , Markdown ( “ Convert Document to HTML ” ) , …
⌃ ⇧V Validation / Syntax Check CSS , HTML , Perl , PHP , Python , Ruby , XML , …
⌃ ⇧W Wrap Selection HTML ( Wrap on Tag ) , Java ( Wrap in try / catch ) , LaTeX ( Wrap in Command ) , etc …
⇧↩ Create a function / method body with previous word as name Obj - C , Ruby , …
⌃↩ Insert a “ descriptive ” return HTML ( < br / > ) , Markdown ( hard line break ) , Source ( Escaped newline
) , …
⌘↩ Move to end of line and insert a newline
⌘⌥↩ Move to end of line and insert potential end - of - line symbol ( ; in many sources , . in prose )
⇧⌘↩ As above , but also insert a newline
⌥⌘↩ Insert a new line above the current line
⌅ Insert a newline and start a new “ item ” ( e.g. line comment , bullet point , etc . )
Text Bundle
The Text Bundle contains common functionality for all kinds of Text documents .
This includes e.g. Markdown and HTML .
Those Bundles wo n’t work as expected with out the Text Bundle , so do n’t disable this one .
Interesting Bundle items here are :
“ Add Line Numbers to Document / Selection ”
“ Current Date — YYYY - MM - DD ( isoD ) ” A snippet with Tab Trigger isoD , will insert e.g. “ 2006 - 04 - 22 ”
“ Join Line With Next ” Pressing ⌃⇧J will remove all whitespace after the last character of the current line
“ Lorem ipsum ( lorem ) ” Inserts a paragraph of placeholder text
“ Open Current URL ” When the caret is inside a URL , TextMate will open it when pressing ⌅
“ Remove Trailing Spaces in Document / Selection ”
“ Sort Lines ” bound to F5
Source Bundle
The Source Bundle defines the base of all programming language bundles , so do n’t disable it .
It contains several very useful command like :
“ Comment Line / Selection ” This Command is very powerful .
It is adaptable via Preference Items for every language .
You can define comment start / end characters , make comments single or multi-line , whether they should indent the source code , etc .
“ Toggle Single / Double String quotes ”
As the name implies you can switch the quotes of a string , e.g. in Ruby : " code " , ' code ' , Q{code} .
Activated via ⌃⇧ ' .
, , .
Activated via .
“ Align assignments ” Activated via ⌘⌥ ] this Command will beautify your code from this : x = 1 abc = 2 long_var = " foo " to that : x = 1 abc = 2 long_var = " foo " ( It also works for arrays and hashes ) .
Diff Bundle
The Diff Bundle contains several commands to compare files and make diffs / patches .
All those functions have a common shortcut ⌃⇧⌘D and work without restriction in all kinds of files .
Math bundle
The Math Bundle provides some functionality to calculate numbers inline .
Just type an equation like 3+4/ 5 on a new line ( or select it ) and press ⌃⇧C to bring up the menu containing the available Commands .
Select “ Evaluate Line ” and it will insert the result of your expression .
Also see this Screencast that shows how to use the Math Bundle and Column selections .
Subversion Bundle
Subversion Support is provided via this Bundle .
Just checkout a directory or file from a Subversion repository , open it in TextMate and you can use this Bundle .
All Subversion Commands use the same shortcut ⌃ ⇧A .
TextMate Bundle
The TextMate Bundle provides some function to help you with TextMate in general .
“ Show Keyboard Shortcuts ”
This will output a list of all Commands , Snippets and Macros for the Bundles in use ( not for built - in functionality ) .
There is even a helper on the net that will compile your own TextMate reference card .
“ Show Scope ” You learned about the ‘ Scope System ’ ( remember the Languages section ? ) .
This command shows the current Scope of the caret as a tooltip .
You can use this to specify a scope for your Commands or to adapt the “ Fonts & Colors ” ( in the Preferences ) and make you own theme .
“ Search the TextMate Mailing List ” Pretty Self - explaining :
This will popup a window where you can enter a search term and show the results in an HTML window .
“ Install ‘ Edit in TextMate ’ … ” See the Setup Tutorial .
This is an extremely useful helper to edit text in any Cocoa Applications using TextMate ( or FireFox ) .
TODO Bundle
The “ Show TODO List ” command will scan your current document or documents in your project for lines containing certain tags .
You will be presented with a row of “ Tabs ” that are counting matches while the search is going on .
Once the search finishes a list for each of the tags and their context is shown .
Each entry can be clicked to jump to that line in that file .
— ‘ Help ’ Command from the TODO Bundle
Navigation
Bookmarks
Use Bookmarks to mark places in your document .
⌥ ⌘B ( View → Gutter → Bookmarks ) will show them in the gutter ( the gray panel to the left of the editable area , containing line numbers etc . )
You can create a bookmark with ⌘ F2 ( Navigation → Add Bookmark ) .
This will put a star ( ★ ) in the bookmark column of the gutter for that line .
You can then cycle through your bookmarks in that file with F2 ( Navigation → Next Bookmark ) and ⇧ F2 ( Navigation → Previous Bookmark ) .
Text / Code Folding
When working in a language which has start / end markers for blocks , like { … } , do … end , … , and similar , TextMate can spot these blocks and will show up / down arrows in the gutter for the start / end marker .
When these arrows are present , it is possible to fold the block into a single line either by using the mouse and clicking on the up / down arrow , or pressing the F1 key .
This will make the arrow in the gutter point to the right , and indicate that the entire block got folded by placing an ellipsis marker at the end of the line .
An example where the two sub-blocks of the constructor has been folded can be seen below .
— The Manual
So , F1 View → Fold Current Block and View → Toggle Foldings at Level will fold / unfold your code at the current block or a certain level .
Imagine an HTML file that consists of a number of divs in the body .
Just press ⌥ ⌘2 to fold them all and you can concentrate on other things or edit them one after the other .
Structure
For languages for which it is supported , the rightmost pop-up in the status bar shows the current “ symbol ” ( often the function prototype or heading above the caret ) .
— The Manual
It took me until I was actually walking through the people gathered for a tea party event to realize that I 've seen all this before .
Walking around the knots of people and reading the mismatched signs , the groups I saw -- disaffected teens who were too timid to be actual skinheads but who had been working on their defiant scowl , elderly couples waving American flags who had a vague sense that the country had run off and left them , flat out weirdos with braided beards and muttonchops who looked as if they were dressed in the discards from an Army thrift store -- it all seemed eerily familiar .
And it was .
It was 1992 .
All that was missing was a big eared guy and some flip charts .
This was n't a tax protest or a conservative movement , it was the semi-regular Gathering of the Disaffected .
Were they following a script first proposed by Rick Santelli with edits by Glenn Beck ?
Mostly .
Were they shouting slogans from the Constitution Party ?
Yes .
With a sprinkling of talking points for the Chamber of Commerce .
They read any script put in front of them , cheered every speaker to take the stage .
They swallowed up Campaign for Liberty and the John Birch Society with equal relish .
Anyone who told them that The World is Not Right , Damn It and You 're Not Getting A Fair Shake was welcome .
They were willing to believe that Obama had just passed the largest tax increase in history .
That the president had put the nation at risk of attack .
That he had managed to put the economy in a tailspin months ahead of taking office .
On the other hand , if you tried to tell them that they 'd just been the recipients of the biggest tax cut in history , or reminded them of the successful conclusion to the drama off the African coast , you 'd have been hustled off the stage .
After all , Obama is the real pirate -- there were a number of signs that said so .
Inform them that they were simply on the losing side of an election won by the most lop - sided margin in a decade , and you might have gotten a very close look at some of those hand - lettered signs .
That was n't why they were there .
They did n't want to believe that the country is sound and that democracy works .
They 're upset , and they want nothing more than to believe everyone else is upset , too .
The GOP sees that as a win .
They should n't .
Yes , the idea that this was a bipartisan affair is about as funny as an evening at the Improv with Neil Cavuto .
For every Republican name that made it onto a hate sign , there were a hundred insults for Harry Reid , two hundred for Nancy Pelosi , and five hundred for President Obama .
Make no mistake about it : the folks who milled about aimlessly at their various locations across America hates them some liberals .
That does n't mean they 'll do one lick of good for the GOP .
If Republicans are thinking these are the guys who are going to be manning their phone banks in 2010 , the ones who are going to be knocking on doors , or coughing up checks for the RNC -- they better think again .
These folks are gone .
They 've left the reservation -- a lot of them left it back in 1992 -- and they 're not going to come back .
This was a Ron Paul crowd .
This was a Constitution Party crowd .
This was a third party all the way crowd .
Campaign for Liberty was n't just helping out with the show -- this was their show , and any GOP candidate who thought guys waving " Pelosi Sux " signs were an automatic win , missed the zeitgeist of this group by a Bob Barr Country mile .
In the crowd I mingled with , there were a lot of guys either wearing or carrying signs saying " look out , I 'm one of those dangerous extremists ! "
It was meant as a joke -- but it hits very close to the bone .
These folks are certainly extremist , you only have to look at the polls to see that , and they are dangerous , though only the tiniest fraction of one percent are dangerous in the sense of being the kind of fruit loop who uses a bomb or gun to get their way .
No , these folks are potentially dangerous in the same way as those folks back in 1992 .
In the 1992 race , Rose Perot took 18 % of the vote , but that was after Perot had withdrawn from the race , then reentered , revealing himself as more than a little flaky .
Just prior to that early exit , Perot had actually been been ahead in national polls at 39 % , while Bush followed at 31 % and Clinton trailed the pack at 25 % .
The mantra of the Clinton campaign , " it 's the economy , stupid , " was already the theme of the Perot campaign .
Had Ross
Perot not publicly indulged in fantasies about his daughter 's wedding and picked a vice - presidential nominee who was the most unthinkable candidate imaginable pre-Sarah Palin , he might well have won .
Like the folks who backed Perot , the baggies are not Republicans .
The signs there were a mixture of libertarian and populist , corporatist and anarchist , simply unhappy and deeply disturbed .
Taxes were far from the only concern -- they were n't even the primary concern .
They were simply upset , and momentarily excited to share that unhappiness with others , even if those others did n't care one whit about the cause of their unhappiness .
What started on April 15th might actually be the beginning of a movement .
And just because third parties have n't be successful in the last 150 years is no guarantee that they 'll continue to be unsuccessful for the next 150 , or even the next five .
One of these days , candidates with letters other then ( D ) and ( R ) after their names will take their seats in Congress .
One of these days we 'll have a president from some party you 've never heard of .
That said , there 's little reason to think what we saw last week was the start of such a movement .
One thing that people rarely remember now that Perot has been reduced to a quick imitation that includes " opening up the hood " and a few pie charts is -- he was good .
He was a natural on stage who , according to the polls , bested both Bush and Clinton in the first debate .
His spiel was n't just a populist mix of budget numbers and term limits .
Though his solutions tended to generalities , he was willing to grab all the " third rails " all at once , including talking about revising the Constitution .
Keep in mind our Constitution predates the Industrial Revolution .
Our founders did not know about electricity , the train , telephones , radio , television , automobiles , airplanes , rockets , nuclear weapons , satellites , or space exploration .
There 's a lot they did n't know about .
It would be interesting to see what kind of document they 'd draft today .
Just keeping it frozen in time wo n't hack it .
There are two big problems for the baggies ( and the lobbyists who put together the tax day events ) if they hope to match what Perot did in 1992 .
If they want to turn a one time outing into a political movement , they need acceptable , inspiring leadership .
Ron Paul is not that guy .
Neither is Bob Barr or Rick Perry .
They also need a coherent message .
One that 's not a mix of " I 'm paying too much tax , " " cap and trade is evil , " " secession is legal , " and " Obama is a fascist / socialist / communist wussy . "
With no strong leader and no consistent message , the baggies wo n't have to worry about their numbers in 2012 .
They 'll still be sitting at home , and still be convinced something is wrong -- even if they can't quite put their finger on what it is .
Then sooner or later someone will draw the same crowd to gather for some new cause .
Sure as frak , this will all happen again .
2005 -11-05
Posted November 5 , 2005 at 12:00 am
Rolling Damage is sadly coming to a close .
However , i DID get to do the final guest comic .
This further cements the validity of my claim to awesomeness .
Also , go read Simulated Comic Product .
It 's reminiscent of the story - based episodes of PLIF .
The economic news is so frighteningly bad here , it has all but squeezed out reports of the turmoil wrecking the developing world .
The news there , if possible , is even more frightening .
And in a globalized economy there is no insulation for anyone .
The emergency spreading through Eastern Europe has sent currencies plunging in financially stretched nations like Hungary and solid economies like Poland .
The crisis threatens political stability along the European Union ’s eastern border .
The government in Latvia fell last week following protests .
Ukraine is on the brink .
Over the weekend , the European Union ’s wealthy members rejected calls for a bailout of its poorer members .
Collapsing economies in Eastern Europe  including inside the European Union  could bring down the banks in the West that lent to the East .
Such turmoil should serve as a warning about the perils of ignoring the disasters unfolding across the developing world  and the need for a global response .
She was rumoured to have instructed lawyers this week .
Her blog confirms it this afternoon “ Just For The Record “ :
“ I have instructed and proceeded with legal action .
Obviously , I am not going to say anything at all at this stage , other than that . ”
Guido knows for a fact that the untrue story about her was given to some journalists , and it was alluded to in stories , it was then refined for a second more vicious smear attempt by Damian McBride in the infamous Smeargate emails .
Guido understands that legally even if the intended second round of smears were not published widely in print , she has at least two courses of action for slander and defamation because McBride telling journalists the story on his mobile would be slanderous and presumably emailing the smear to Charlie Whelan , Derek Draper and the Unite press officer Andrew Dodgshon would constitute publication ( those are the known recipients of the smear at this time ) .
There are likely to be more people who were briefed by McBride …
Knowingly and deliberately libeling someone was until not so long ago a jailable criminal offence , that has if Guido recalls correctly , been taken off the statute books .
Guido has said it before ; do not mess with Nadine Dorries , she is a Tory tigress …
Saddest Turtle is really into tourism and tentacles .
—
Continuing the theme of 3D Buttersafe characters , reader Micah submits his take on Big Glasses !
Check them out : one two three four five six seven !
Look at how his eyes are rife with emotion .
It is pretty awesome .
Awesome enough for me to fall on my face because my glasses are so big .
And , if you have n’t already , check out Spore Punch Monster , Pie Man , Demonic Mole , Destructive Neighbor , Skeleton Harvester , and Big Glasses !
Thanks everybody !
- Ray
In the contemporary marketplace , most bigger , new businesses start as a result of years of market research , planning and strategic investment .
Venture capitalists and big - money consultants get together with ideas that are based on years of experience and expertise , and they work in order to maximize profits .
While , there are still millions of entrepreneurs and people that start their own successful companies , they are typically small to medium - sized at best , or they reach their growth capacity within several years .
There are , however , some marked examples of businesses that started out organically , as an idea of one or several individuals with little or no experience , and / or little or no money .
The following examples are businesses which have grown so large to be included in the Fortune 500 , or the world ’s largest 500 companies – but which have started from the humblest beginnings .
They are “ Rags to Riches ” stories of unique brands , started by unique individuals that only have accumulated wealth and vast market share , but have created their own niche and never looked back :
Whole Foods Market
( source )
In 1978 , twenty - five year old college dropout John Mackey and twenty - one year old Rene Lawson Hardy , saved and borrowed money from family and friends to open the doors of a small natural foods store in Austin , Texas .
Within a year of opening the store , the couple was evicted from their home for using their apartment storage for the store .
Homeless and with no place to go they decided to save costs by moving and living at their store full time .
Since their store “ Saferway ” was zoned for commercial use only , there was no shower stall .
According to the company ’s website , the two instead bathed in the Hobart dishwasher , which had an attached water hose .
Eventually Mackey and Hardy moved out of the store and into their own place , and within two years managed a merger with another natural foods store to open up the first Whole Foods Market in Austin , Tx on September 20 , 1980 .
With the markets floor space at 10,500 square feet and with 19 employees , Whole Foods Market became the largest of its kind .
In 1984 , Whole Foods began expanding to other cities by building stores from the ground up and by acquiring other natural foods stores around the country .
In 1992 the company went public , and in 2008 posted $ 6.5 billion in revenues and $ 3.2 billion in assets .
From the humble begginings in Austin , Tx in 1978 , to being ranked 369 on the Fortune 500 , Whole Foods Market is continually rising to the challenge of the market and providing a unique service to America .
Molson Coors
( source )
In 2005 , Coors Brewing Company merged with Molson to become the fifth largest brewing company in the world .
Though Coors has maintained success throughout the 20th and 21st centuries , the road was long and began with the humble story of a German born immigrant by the name of Adolf Coors .
Coors became an orphan at the age of 15 and had to support his younger siblings by working at a local brewery in a small Prussian town , in what is now the modern day city of Wuppertal , Germany .
Adolph continued to work in the brewing industry until he was 21 , when war and unrest in his country caused him to seek opportunity in America .
He then stowed away on a ship , and arrived in the United States in 1868 with no money and no job .
From there Coors headed west to look for employment ; he found one odd job after another , and supported himself until he would cross paths with another German immigrant in Golden , Co .
Based on Adolf Coors initial investment of $ 2000 in 1872 , his company has grown to be one of the largest brewing companies in the world .
Coors ’ claim to their success in the brewing business is based on what they refer to as the perfect ingredient : water from the Rocky Mountains .
Since day one , Coors Brewing Company has marketed the beer in this way .
Today , Coors now has $ 6.2 billion in revenue and $ 13.5 billion in assets .
Coors Brewing Company is another example of an immigrant success story , where persistence , timing , and smart investments can pay off in the long run .
Apple
( source )
Most remember the scene in Forest Gump when he explains that he never has to worry about money again because of his investment in the fruit company called “ Apple . ”
Well the truth is that for many investors this was the case .
Like many tech companies , Apple started in the garage of a young man by the name of Steve Wozniack .
Wozniack was an electronics hacker , and he and his long time friend Steve Jobs had this idea to create a personal computer .
In 1976 , the two approached a local electronics store to see if they would be interested in buying a personal computer that Wozniack had built .
The owner of the store became interested and said he wanted 50 units .
Wozniack and Jobs , both penniless at the time , went to a local computer parts supplier and ordered the parts on credit , based on their first purchase order .
This was the start of Apple .
Though the company has had its ups and downs in its 30 - year history , Apple has proven to be the company that produces the industry standard time and time again .
From the garage of Steve Wozniack to being ranked 103 on the Fortune 500 , Apple continues to grow and prove to be a wise investment for those looking to expand their portfolios to include “ fruit companies . ”
Nordstrom
( source )
In 1887 , a 16 - year - old boy form Sweden left his home for the promise of America .
He arrived in New York City with only five dollars to his name , and unable to speak a word of English .
This boy ’s name was John W. Nordstrom .
His first years in America were surprisingly tough for the young immigrant ; he labored in mines and logging camps just to make survive .
Nordstrom however persisted , and took manual labor jobs that allowed him to continually move west towards the Pacific Ocean .
After struggling for ten years , the 26 - year - old Nordstrom picked up the daily newspaper to find that gold had been discovered in Alaska .
As the legend goes , he made plans the very next morning to head north to discover his fortune .
After two years of hard labor , difficult terrain , and relentless competition , Nordstrom experienced moderate success , and was able to save nearly $ 13,000 .
He then moved to Seattle , Wa to invest his small fortune .
In 1901 , Nordstrom opened his first shoe store , just 14 years after coming to America .
Throughout the 20th Century Nordstrom grew from the one shoe store in downtown Seattle to what is now a multi-billion dollar retail empire .
Dell
( source )
Dell was at one time the largest seller of personal computers and servers in the world .
Presently Dell is ranked 34 on the Fortune 500 , and in 2008 boasted revenues of $ 61 Billion with assets toping $ 27.5 billion .
The path to the success that Dell now enjoys began with an idea and a $ 1,000 investment .
While attending the University of Texas in 1984 , Michael Dell founded the company as PCs Limited .
Initial operations of Dell ’s company ran from Dell ’s dorm room , until he decided to drop out of college to run his company full time .
In 1985 , the company produced the first computer of its own design , and by 1988 had an initial public offering that valued the company at nearly $ 80 million .
Electronic Data Systems
( souce )
In 1962 , former presidential candidate Ross Perot founded EDS with $ 1000 .
Perot chose the name Electronic Data Systems from potential names he scribed on the back of a pledge envelope during a church service .
Perot had been a salesman for IBM before starting EDS , and he was rejected 77 times before EDS acquired its first client .
From processing computer tapes and data from their first client to running the IT arm of hundreds of companies a year after its creation , EDS quickly became the country ’s leader in providing IT services to American companies .
By the time EDS went public in October 1968 , the market value of EDS would be listed at $ 378 million .
Soon thereafter , EDS expanded its operations globally .
Today , EDS is ranked 115 on the Fortune 500 , and boast revenues of $ 22.1 billion and has assets topping $ 19.2 billion .
Perot ’s experience was perhaps one of the quickest ascensions to wealth on this list .
Mattel
( source )
Shortly after World War II , newly - married Ruth and Elliot Handler decided to start a business out of the garage of their Southern California home .
Though Mattel is best known as a toy maker , the brand initially produced and sold picture frames .
Shortly after opening for business , Handler began making dollhouse furniture with the scraps left over from the picture frames .
The couple would soon find out that the toy business was much more lucrative than picture framing .
The Handlers had little business experience and even less capital , but the demographics of a baby boom , plus a virtual toy less marketplace afforded the couple a unique opportunity to carve out a niche .
Mattel would have their first hit toy in 1947 with the “ Uke - A - Doodle , ” a miniature plastic ukulele , that proved to be an immediate success that drew large orders .
By 1955 Mattel had grown enough to become a sponsor of the new television program , “ The Micky Mouse Club . ”
Soon after , Mattel released their iconic toy : Barbie .
In 1963 the company went public .
From the humble beginnings in the garage to the New York Stock Exchange , Mattel is now ranked 413 on the list of Fortune 500 companies .
In 2008 , Mattel reached $ 6 Billion in revenues and reported 4.8 billion in assets .
Wrigley
( source )
In the spring of 1891 , the 29 - year - old William Wrigley Jr. moved from Philadelphia to Chicago with only $ 32 to his name .
Soon after arriving in Chicago , Wrigley began selling soap .
As an incentive to the customers , if they purchased his soap , he would give them a free can of baking powder .
Soon baking powder proved to be more popular than the soap he was selling , so he switched his business .
A year later , in 1892 , Wrigley used chewing gum as an incentive for buying his baking powder .
Again , chewing gum proved to be more popular than baking powder , and so he switched business again .
The first brand of chewing gum Wrigley produced was Juicy Fruit in 1893 .
Through his personal hard work as a salesman and his ability to advertise , Juicy Fruit would soon become the number 1 selling chewing gum in the country .
Wrigley went public in 1919 , and since then has seen ups and downs in the market .
Wrigley has remained a staple , and perhaps the most visible brand , in the chewing gum business throughout now into the 21st century .
A globally distributed brand , Wrigley is one of the the largest gum company in the world , and one of the most successful businesses – in any industry - in the world .
In 2008 , Wrigley posted revenues of $ 5.4 billion with a recorded over $ 5.2 billion in assets .
Starbucks
( source )
In 1971 , three academics each invested $ 1350 of their own money into the first Starbucks located in downtown Seattle .
English teacher Jerry Baldwin , history teacher Zev Siegel , and writer Gordon Bowker opened the store called Starbucks Coffee , Tea , and Spice .
Shortly after opening , and to continue their operations , the three borrowed another $ 5000 from the local bank .
The three partners wanted to pattern their business after Peet ’s Coffee and Tea , in Berkley , Ca , which sold dark roast coffee beans and taught customers how to grind the beans and make freshly brewed coffee at home .
It was n’t until the early 1980 ’s when Howard Shultz entered the picture that Starbucks began focusing not on selling coffee beans , but on making coffee , tea , and espresso drinks for customers inside the store .
Though there was much hesitation from the founding partners , this proved to be the business model Starbucks would follow .
Starbucks went public in 1992 , and proved to be one of the most successful IPOs that year .
With the infusion of public capitol , Starbucks began to strategically expand all over the US , at one point , at the rate of opening one new store per day .
Though Starbucks has seen experienced a decline in popularity in the last several years , the brand ’s exponential growth is impressive .
In 2008 , Starbucks was ranked 277 on the Fortune 500 .
In the same year Starbucks posted revenues of $ 9.4 billion and recorded assets of $ 5.3 billion .
eBay Media
( source )
Contrary to popular belief , eBay was not created to find Pez Dispensers for the founder ’s wife .
This was revealed in Adam Cohen ’s 2002 book , The Perfect Store , and confirmed later by eBay .
The story was fabricated by a public relations manager in 1997 to interest the media and create a public buzz .
Regardless of the legitimacy of the story , media interest and public buzz was created , helping to propel the brand into the minds of consumers ( and in this case , would - be merchants and barterers as well ) .
In reality , the first item to ever sell on eBay ( then AuctionWeb ) was a broken laser pointer , by the French born Iranian immigrant and eBay founder , Pierre Omidyar .
The transaction closed in September of 1995 , not long after Omidyar finished the code for the website in the living room of his Silicon Valley home .
By June 1996 , Omidyar ’s website had generated around $ 10,000 in revenue and Omidyar hired his first employee .
Soon after this Omidyar left his day job as a computer programmer .
By the end of 1996 the total value of items sold on ebay reached $ 7.2 million and had over 41,000 registered users .
With over 250,000 individual transactions reached in 1996 , by 1997 eBay began facilitating over 200,000 transactions a month .
This caught the attention of a venture capital group who then invested $ 5 million in the company .
From an idea in an average computer programmers living room in 1995 to being ranked 326 on the list of the Fortune 500 in 2008 , eBay is the quintessential American success story .
The age - group that watches cricket and takes recourse to online education is a perfect area for EdTech companies to exploit
Within a year ’s time , Shah Faesal -- once touted as a role model for the youth of Kashmir -- has taken a complete U - turn on his stance on Kashmir politics .
It takes years , sometimes decades , to realise the dreams in Kashmir politics .
Though a historian of the Raj and its product , Charles Allen was no apologist for its failings , most of all its frequent racism that he was quick to expose .
Most Indian dishes are ‘ made for fingers ' .
Our star multi-cuisine restaurants could have coaxed us into eating our pulav and dal makhni with silver spoons but catch any self - respecting Indian not tearing apart his Tandoori Roti and dunking it into that dhal with his fingers .
England , West Indies and Pakistan must be credited for making one believe in Test cricket once more
A money - minded BCCI used all its connections at the right places in the government to secure permission to host IPL 2020 in the United Arab Emirates ...
It ’s time to integrate Rabindranath Tagore ’s 100 - year - old vision of holistic development into the fabric of the Nation ’s Education Policy
Traditional rivals England and Australia resume their centuries - old rivalry sans the Ashes as cricket tries to find a foothold in the post -COVID world
The Sushant Singh Rajput death case and the accusations against Rhea Chakraborty have divided the media industry , with TV journalists arguing it's their duty to ask ' tough questions ' and dig out the ' truth ' .
English , Australian and West Indian players should be able to hit IPL 2020 running but that will be an exception to the rule
Australian cricketers will be living in a bio - bubble for five months at a stretch ; IPL 2020 will be a test of a player ’s mental toughness
Indian youngsters have stolen the show in the opening week of IPL 2020 in UAE .
It augurs well for Indian cricket
Blog OPINION Sep 19 , 2020 IPL 2020 : Emergence Of The Team Psychologist
And T20 Spinner Australian cricketers will be living in a bio- bubble for five months at a stretch ; IPL 2020 will be a test of a player ’s mental toughness
Blog Where ’s The Line ? Sep 09 , 2020 Woman Scribes ' Rift Over Rhea Chakraborty Exposes TV - Print Divide
The Sushant Singh Rajput death case and the accusations against Rhea Chakraborty have divided the media industry , with TV journalists arguing it's their duty to ask ' tough questions ' and dig out the ' truth ' .
Blog OPINION Aug 31 , 2020 Sports And National Education Policy : A Flawed Understanding
It ’s time to integrate Rabindranath Tagore ’s 100 - year - old vision of holistic development into the fabric of the Nation ’s Education Policy
Blog Blog Aug 25 , 2020 Why Finger Lickin’ Will Never Go Out Of Fashion For Indians Most Indian dishes are ‘ made for fingers ' .
Our star multi-cuisine restaurants could have coaxed us into eating our pulav and dal makhni with silver spoons but catch any self - respecting Indian not tearing apart his Tandoori Roti and dunking it into that dhal with his fingers .
Blog Blog Aug 19 , 2020 Charles Allen : A Friend , Historian And Tireless Scholar
Though a historian of the Raj and its product , Charles Allen was no apologist for its failings , most of all its frequent racism that he was quick to expose .
Fistral Beach in Newquay is where surfing in the UK got going .
Fistral Beach is actually in Newquay , and is divided into South Fistral , NorthFistral and Little Fistral , also known as Fistral Bay .
The origin of the name Fistral is completely unknown .
It has absolutely no known links with any European language .
As a result of its reputation , and being the place where most of the surfing competitions take place , Fistral can be pretty crowded .
Nevertheless , it ’s still a really good surfing beach with extremely consistent waves .
As it faces mostly north , it ’s sheltered enough that even in a strong south - westerly wind surfing is still possible .
There are lots of surfing schools here , so it ’s an easy place to learn if you have n’t surfed much before .
South Fistral
South Fistral Beach often has great waves and they usually break left .
The Beach is best at mid to high tide , but you do have to watch rocks which are underwater at high tide on the right - hand side of the beach .
There are decent facilities at South Fistral , including a toilet block , a place to hire wet suits and boards , and a café kiosk selling drinks and snacks .
This beach has a lifeguard .
North Fistral
North Fistral works at all tides if there is a good swell , but the best waves are at low tide .
This is one of the most crowded places in the summer and is mostly to the right .
You need to be a bit careful on the left of this beach at high tide as there can be a rip current .
There is a car park here , a huge café , places to buy and hire wet suits and surfing gear , surf shops , toilets , baby changing facilities , cold water showers and lifeguard facilities .
Little Fistral
Little Fistral is a small bay which can only be surfed at low tide as it is buried at high tide .
There are sand bars which move slightly and the break therefore varies .
This is quite a tricky surfing area , and you need to be very careful when the tide is coming in or you can get stuck there .
The facilities are the same as with North Fistral .
I recently finished Dean Allemang and Jim Hendler 's book Semantic Web for the Working Ontologist , and I strongly recommend it to anyone interested in OWL , RDF , or the Semantic Web .
I 'm surprised that their publishers even agreed to the title ; there may be some people who look at the book 's title and say " Hey , I 'm a working ontologist , so I need that book ! " , but I think that it would benefit a much wider audience : not just people who consider themselves working ontologists , but anyone who needs to work with standards - based ontologies or with people who do .
The book describes many modeling issues and then shows how to work through them using concrete examples that are explained well enough to generalize them to other domains .
Anyone who reads this book and then works with ontologies will come back to it saying to themselves " I know I saw something in here about how to handle this particular information relationship ... "
Examples are not presented as working code per se , but there are many examples showing a set of triples , a few RDFS and / or OWL statements , and the resulting new triples implied by the combination .
Many of these examples made me want to type them into a text editor , run them through Pellet , and then start modifying the examples to see what happened , because to me , those implied triples are the coolest part of OWL : the new facts that you get out of an existing set of facts by adding metadata .
I 've wondered before about what good RDFS was without OWL .
I started to get a better appreciation for the possibilities when I played a bit with Sesame , and Dean and Jim 's book gave me a much better idea of what you can do with RDFS when you do n't have OWL support , so there 's a reason for Sesame developers to get the book .
In addition to showing people who are dabbling with Semantic Web technologies how to get deeper into the technology , the book does an especially good job of showing experienced software developers which aspects of Semantic Web development are different from what they 're used to and why these differences open up new possibilities instead of limiting them .
For example :
The ability in OWL to infer class relationships is a severe departure from Object Oriented modeling .
In OO modeling the class structure forms the backbone of the model 's organization .
All instances are created as members of some class , and their behavior is specified by the class structure .
Changes to the class structure have far - reaching impact on the behavior of the system .
In OWL , it is possible for the class structure to change as more information is learned about classes or individuals .
And this is a Good Thing !
Got that , OO folks ?
If not , there 's plenty more in the book to demonstrate this to you .
For example , an early chapter in the book asks " How can we accommodate variation of sources if we can't structure the entities they are describing into a class model ?
The Semantic Web provides an elegant solution to this problem ... any model can be built up from contributions from multiple sources " .
Or this : " it is never accurate in the Semantic Web to say that a property is ' defined for a class . '
A property is defined independently of any class , and the RDFS relations specify which inferences can be correctly made about it in particular contexts . "
Some great advice for all software developers :
... you might think that modeling for reuse is best done by anticipating everything that someone might want to use your model for , and thus the more you include the better .
This is a mistake because the more you put in , the more you restrict someone else 's ability to extend your model instead of just use it as is .
Reuse is best done , as in other systems , by designing to maximize future combination with other things , not to restrict it .
Closing the book with chapters such as " Using OWL in the Wild " , " Good and Bad Modeling Practices " , and a " Frequently Asked Questions " appendix help even more to connect the theory to the practice , and the final chapter 's " Beyond OWL 1.0 " section shows what deficiencies the experts currently see in OWL and what kind of new features a future release might offer us .
All in all , for people who are strongly interested in OWL and the Semantic Web , or even just a little curious , this book will give you a solid grounding in both the theory and practice of what the technology can bring to new applications that you might be working with .
Two school districts representing thousands of Tennessee students were sued Tuesday for blocking access to web sites discussing lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender issues , but are not filtering sites advocating " reparative " therapy to change their lifestyle away from being gay .
Last month , the American Civil Liberties Union asked the Knox County Schools and Metropolitan Nashville Public Schools to stop the practice .
Evidently , they did n't .
So the ACLU made good on its promise , and sued the districts in federal court on Tuesday .
" Not only does defendants ' blocking policy discriminate on the basis of content in violation of the First Amendment , the policy further constitutes unlawful viewpoint discrimination , " the suit said .
" Under the defendants ' policy , students may access websites that promote anti-gay views and that advocate that persons should change their sexual orientation through so - called " reparative therapy , " but not the web sites of organizations such as the Human Rights Campaign , which is one of the largest civil rights organizations in the United States working to achieve equality under the law for LGBT persons . "
The blocked sites include the Human Rights Campaign , Marriage Equality USA , the Gay Lesbian Straight Education Network , the Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation and Dignity USA .
Unblocked sites include National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality , People Can Change , The Americans For Truth Against Homosexuality and the Traditional Values Coalition .
In our previous story , Metropolitan Nashville Schools maintained that Education Networks of America , the two districts ' filtering company , picks what sites to block .
For its part , ENA said it was up to the schools to choose what is filtered and abide by the Children 's Internet Protection Act .
Metropolitan Nashville Schools did not immediately respond for comment .
Nashville Public Schools could not be immediately reached , but declined comment last month when the ACLU asked the district to stop the practice in question .
Students and a librarian challenging the filtering are the plaintiffs in the lawsuit .
Click here to see a video of one of the students .
See Also :
The move Thursday by Standard & Poor 's to cut Britain 's credit outlook has raised fears that the US may be next .
Should that happen , the news likely would n't be good for stocks , while the dollar and Treasury prices would dip and gold probably would benefit as an investment of last resort .
While a number of experts , including Moody's , largely dismissed such concerns at least for the short term , market experts were leery of what could happen down the road should the country continue to pursue its current debt policies .
" We are heading down a virtually irreversible road where the overall financial picture of the US is going to look very bad , " said Peter Tanous , president and director of Lynx Investment Advisory in Washington , D.C .
" Is this something to worry about or dismiss ?
Clearly , it 's something to worry about , " says Tanous .
" In normal times nobody cares , because we 're good for it .
This time is different because the numbers are getting scary . "
The sheer magnitude of the numbers being bandied about is causing some investor fear .
" All of this translates into hell of a big financial mess that will indeed affect US credit , " Tanous said .
" I 've been in the business for 40 years and I 've never used the world trillion before until recently .
Unfortunately , it 's trillions of dollars we do n't have . "
Boatloads of US debt in the hands of foreign governments and the myriad problems that can cause , primarily in the form of higher interest rates down the road , are causing the most concerns .
As the US continues to issue Treasury notes , there is concern that China and other large debt holders will demand higher yield , sending interest rates up for borrowers and further hampering a real estate recovery .
" At some point the market is going to extract a penalty because you 're essentially putting the US government credit on the line in so many areas at such a great cost , " said Mike Larson , analyst at Weiss Research in Jupiter , Fla .
" You 're seeing the ramifications of such short - sighted thinking . "
Larson has been warning of a Treasury bubble popping since late 2008 and said the most recent conditions are further signal that US government debt prices are on a precipitous track lower , and yields will move higher .
Prices and yields move in opposite directions .
China has been relied on to buy debt , but a New York Times report Thursday indicated the nation is becoming more selective in buying Treasurys and is moving towards the lower end of the yield curve , a possibly ominous sign for the long - term state of US financial health .
Continuing prospects for government bailouts also are raising concern .
" You have to really start asking yourself whether the cure is worse than the disease , " Larson said .
" The real danger is this trend accelerates and gets out of control .
It 's a risk that everybody 's sort of keeping in the back of their minds , that we start to see more manifestations of the flat - out repudiation of US assets . "
Beyond that , there is concern about what the debt will mean to the government 's budget and how those bills will be paid by future generations .
For investors , the end result is caution that springs from an uncertain world where economic weakness pervades and government budgets crumple under their own weight .
Die offizielle Webseite von MOGiS e.V. ist http://mogis-verein.de/
Oder : Wie war noch mal die Frage ?
( Die Umfrage - Ergebnisse gab es zuerst exklusiv bei zeit.de , die Umfrage ist , nach Aussage der Geschäftsführung von Infratest dimap , ‚objektiv ‘ ;
Sie befand sich kurzzeitig hier und ist jetzt hier im Infratest dimap Webauftritt verfügbar ; Hier im Wiki kann sie auch unkommentiert gelesen werden )
Um es kurz zu machen : nur 5 % der Befragten wünschen sich „ Sperren “ , wenn auch „ Löschen “ als Wahlmöglichkeit zur Auswahl gestellt wird .
Die Möglichkeit „ Löschen “ wird dann von 92 % der Befragten gewählt .
Auch sind bei der MOGIS Umfrage , im Gegensatz zur DKH Studie , nur 2 % der Befragten für das Belassen dokumentierten Kindesmissbrauchs im Internet .
Da die Umfrage größtenteils falsch zitiert wird , befindet sich hier nun die Fragestellung zusammen mit den Antwortmöglichkeiten in voller Länge :
Die Bundesregierung plant ein Gesetz zur Sperrung von Internetseiten mit kinderpornographischen Inhalten .
In der Öffentlichkeit gibt es hierzu verschiedene Meinungen .
Welcher der folgenden Meinungen stimmen Sie zu ? ( Randomvorlage ) A ) Der Zugang zu Internetseiten mit Kinderpornographie sollte durch eine Sperre erschwert werden , das reicht aus , auch wenn die Seiten selbst dann noch vorhanden und für jederman erreichbar sind .
-> 5 % B ) Internetseiten mit Kinderpornographie sollten konsequent gelöscht und die Betreiber strafrechtlich verfolgt werden .
-> 92 % C ) Internetseiten mit Kinderpornographie sollten im Internet frei zugänglich sein , es muss jeder selbst wissen , was er sich anschaut .
-> 2 % ** Weiß nicht
** Keine Angabe
Damit unterstützt also ein großer Teil der Befragten inhaltlich die Petition und die Kritik der Sperrgegner .
Denn genau diese ist , unseres Erachtens , mit dem Wortlaut der Frage inhaltlich wiedergegeben .
Denn : das Sperren strafrechtlicher relevanter Inhalte und die effiziente Verfolgung derselben schließen einander im wesentlichen aus .
Die Sperren nehmen , vor allem in der intenationalen Zusammenarbeit , den Ermittlungsdruck von den Behörden und können den ( ausländischen ) Tätern als Warnschilder dienen .
Wir können uns der Infratest - Einschätzung , Löschen wäre die härtere Methode nicht anschließen .
Dagegen ist Sperren unseres Erachtens die härtere ( wenn auch wenig zielführende ) Methode , da viele Unbeteiligte in Ihren Grundrechten beeinträchtigen würden .
Das konsequente Löschen dieser Inhalte ist viel zielführender !
Die komplette Dokumentation unserer eigenen repräsentativen Umfrage bei Infratest dimap ist hier im Wiki verfügbar :
Christian Bahls
Vorstand MOGIS
Diesmal mit der Bitte , die Klarstellung weiterzuverbreiten .
PS : Bitte Leute kommt am 23 .
Mai mit auf die Straße ..
Die Instrumentalisierung menschlichen Leids in der Sperrdiskussion muss ein Ende haben !
Original - Artikel :
( sachbezogene Spenden , ala „ Finanzierung Umfrage Infratest dimap “ sind uns herzlich willkommen .. bei Spendenwunsch bitte eine verbindliche E - Mail an eine_entfernte@emailadresse.de senden .. wir müssen jetzt erst mal sehen , wieviel Geld hereinkommt .. jaja .. das nächste mal machen wir einen paypal - Spenden - Button :) .. obwohl ich die persönliche Note einer E - Mail viel lieber mag .. :)
Die Deutsche Kinderhilfe hat doch jetzt so schön Propaganda für die Internetsperre generiert : 92 % der Deutschen sind für die Internetsperren .
Ist ja auch klar , wenn Ich am Telefon gefragt werden würde : Sind Sie für eine Sperrung kinderpornographischer Inhalte im Internet , dann würde ich mir auch dreimal überlegen , ob ich da mit „ Nein ! “ antworte .
Schliesslich möchte ich ja , dass die Inhalte aus dem Internet entfernt werden .
Doch aber : Halt !
Sperren bedeutet eben nicht Entfernen !
Da steht jetzt eben nur ein Stopp - Schild davor .
Da kann man d’rüber fahren .
Es ist ja auch nach den Worten der Bundesregierung nur eine Zugangserschwerung .
Also ist die Frage zu plakativ .
Ich würde wahrscheinlich darauf hinweisen , dass die folgende Fragestellung eine bessere wäre :
An unserer Umfrage teilnehmen
( Wenn bitte eine seriöse Zeitung eine solche Umfrage repräsentativ durchführen ( lassen ) könnte ( das kostet nur ca 2000 Euro wurde mir gesagt ) und das Ergebnis dann auch drucken würde , wäre ich dieser mein Leben lang wirklich sehr verbunden . )
Update : Die Umfrage war übrigens überaus günstig , sie kostet ca 1100 € incl MwSt :)
viele liebe Grüße
Christian Bahls
Auch hier wieder mit der Bitte , es weiterzusagen : )
PS : Bitte Leute kommt am 23 .
Mai mit auf die Straße ..
Diese Volksverdummung muss ein Ende haben ..
Diese Instrumentalisierung menschlichen Leids muss ein Ende haben !
Is there a risk that we ’ll have inflation after the economy recovers ?
That ’s the claim of those who look at projections that federal debt may rise to more than 100 percent of G.D.P. and say that America will eventually have to inflate away that debt  that is , drive up prices so that the real value of the debt is reduced .
Such things have happened in the past .
For example , France ultimately inflated away much of the debt it incurred while fighting World War I .
But more modern examples are lacking .
Over the past two decades , Belgium , Canada and , of course , Japan have all gone through episodes when debt exceeded 100 percent of G.D.P .
And the United States itself emerged from World War II with debt exceeding 120 percent of G.D.P .
In none of these cases did governments resort to inflation to resolve their problems .
So is there any reason to think that inflation is coming ?
Some economists have argued for moderate inflation as a deliberate policy , as a way to encourage lending and reduce private debt burdens .
I ’m sympathetic to these arguments and made a similar case for Japan in the 1990s .
But the case for inflation never made headway with Japanese policy makers then , and there ’s no sign it ’s getting traction with U.S. policy makers now .
All of this raises the question :
If inflation is n’t a real risk , why all the claims that it is ?
Well , as you may have noticed , economists sometimes disagree .
And big disagreements are especially likely in weird times like the present , when many of the normal rules no longer apply .
But it ’s hard to escape the sense that the current inflation fear - mongering is partly political , coming largely from economists who had no problem with deficits caused by tax cuts but suddenly became fiscal scolds when the government started spending money to rescue the economy .
And their goal seems to be to bully the Obama administration into abandoning those rescue efforts .
Needless to say , the president should not let himself be bullied .
The economy is still in deep trouble and needs continuing help .
Yes , we have a long - run budget problem , and we need to start laying the groundwork for a long - run solution .
But when it comes to inflation , the only thing we have to fear is inflation fear itself .
During the prior administration , most of the action in the area of competition among online services was happening at the FCC , which brought the hammer down on Comcast 's user throttling and waded into the deep end of the net neutrality debate .
In an interview Conducted with C - SPAN over the weekend , the Chair of the Federal Trade Commission , Jon Leibowitz , suggested that the new administration has given his organization free rein to aggressively pursue a variety of online malfeasance , and that he planned on taking advantage of it .
Leibowitz has actually been with the FTC since 2004 , but was promoted to Chair in early March of this year .
He has prior experience working on antitrust issues for Congress , but his most recent position prior to the FTC was as the MPAA 's liaison with Congress .
In general , Leibowitz staked out a line that would n't have seemed out of place during the Bush years , saying , " we believe in self - regulation , so long as it's vigorous . "
But he also made clear that a deregulated market needed a set of rules to restrain the major players from harming consumers , and he views the FTC as playing a critical role in enforcing those rules .
As such , he said several times that he was looking for any regulatory frameworks passed by Congress to include giving the FTC the ability to levy fines in order to provide a strong disincentive .
But he also sounded far from convinced that the market for Internet service was competitive enough to ensure the sort of competition that ensures self - regulation .
When asked whether there was enough competition in the broadband market , Leibowitz recognized that the cable / telco duopoly meant that we effectively had two competing forms of access , and having more — " three is better than two " — would go a long way towards improving matters .
Without that competition , in his view , FTC might need to come off the sidelines in order to protect consumers .
" In a perfect marketplace where you had more competitors , you would n't need the government to necessarily be terribly involved , " he said , implying that it might need to get involved in a market with fewer .
In the absence of competition , Leibowitz will be watching for anticompetitive measures that could harm the consumer , such as a ISPs favoring specific content or applications , which sounds like net neutrality from here .
As Liebowitz put it , " we have n't seen discrimination yet , but it could raise antitrust issues if we do see it . "
That does n't mean that he 's necessarily against any measures by ISPs to manage network traffic .
He suggested that things like usage caps and tiered service pricing were perfectly acceptable , provided consumers knew exactly what they were signing up for — extra fees for heavy use are fine , provided that the consumer is aware of them before they show up on the bill for the first time ..
Leibowitz 's suggestion that the lack of competition among ISPs may cause issues on antitrust grounds was especially notable .
The FTC is already active in the antitrust arena , having started an investigation into the interlocking directorates that may see Apple and Google disentangling their boards .
But itmay be a sign of a more general change in the approach towards this corner of the legal system .
The New York Times is reporting that the Department of Justice is among the federal agencies that are completely revamping their approach to antitrust enforcement , in line with a general unwillingness to wait for market forces to sort out economic issues .
From the sound of it , many of the companies that have faced skepticism in the European Union , like Microsoft and Intel , could be subject to the same sort of scrutiny at home .
And , if Leibowitz 's interview is any indications , the US - based ISPs may also wind up in the crosshairs should they attempt to implement any sort of traffic manipulation that the FTC deems anti-consumer .
With the current economic situation and job competition , it ’s easier to consider the ever - growing significance of higher education — especially a Masters Degree .
There has been consistent growth in online college enrollment since 2002 and , according to the 2012 Survey of Online Learning , “ the number of students who have taken at least one online college course has now surpassed 6.7 million ” . [ ii ]
But is a Masters degree and other higher education degrees becoming so significant today ?
Here are some ideas :
Bachelor Degrees on the Rise
The number of people who have bachelor degrees are increasing .
According to the National Center for Educational Statistics ( NCES ) , the percentage of people who earned a bachelor ’s or higher rose from 22 to 32 % between 1980 and 2011.[ iii ]
With such growth in educational attainment , how can you set yourself apart from other people when it comes to employment ?
In the past , it was earning a Bachelor ’s degree .
Now , it seems to be a Master ’s degree or even PhD. Debra W. Stewart , president of the Council of Graduate Schools , says that the number of Masters that have been awarded has doubled since the 1980s and the “ rate of increase has quickened substantially in the last couple of years ” . [ iv ]
This data reveals a new higher ed trend .
Increasing Specialization
With this degree trend , arrives a distinction between degrees of the past and a Masters degree today .
The popularity of a professional science masters or PSM is gaining momentum .
It is a new type of graduate degree that encourages advanced training in STEM related fields like science and math , along with honing workplace skills . [ v ]
A degree of this type could be attractive to employers who are seeking graduates with employable skills .
Even humanities departments seem to want in on the professional degree action — for example , a Masters degree in public history that is geared for work in a museum[ iv ] — is now available at certain colleges and universities .
Networking & Connections
With a tough economy , there typically is more of a need for increased networking .
Through social media sites like LinkedIn , Facebook , and Twitter , along with connections made in graduate school , students might garner contacts that could lead to future career leads .
Grad school may be a great way for students to interact with professors who are considered leaders in their fields and who may grant glowing recommendations when the time comes to apply for post - grad school jobs .
What should you know about earning a Master ’s degree if you are thinking about either continuing your education immediately after earning your Bachelor ’s degree or if you will be returning to college after a long hiatus ?
How long will it take to finish my Master ’s degree ?
Usually a Master ’s degree takes around 2 years to complete ; however , you may finish up sooner or later depending on your course load .
What types of Master ’s degrees are available ?
The two most common types are a Master of Art ( MA ) or a Master of Science ( MS ) .[ vii ]
There are also focused degrees like a Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) , a Master in Social Work ( MSW ) , or a professional science Master ’s degree ( PSM ) .
Will I have to write a lot ?
Most Master ’s degrees involve writing a thesis which should include some type of research either through analysis or experiments .
Some Master ’s degrees even require internships where you are able to apply learned skills like in the field of psychology .[ vii ]
Is it really worth it ?
Only you can really answer this question .
However , given the information above with a seeming surplus of Bachelor ’s degrees and employers seeking employees with advanced education and skills , earning your Master ’s degree may be the best decision you ever made .
Even more exciting is the option to earn your Master ’s degree online .
You can even get into graduate schools to earn a Master 's with an undergrad GPA of 2.7 or 2.8 - so do n't let your undergrad grades stop you !
Here is a video of a guy who clearly likes beer more than you do .
It only takes him 5 seconds to down an entire pitcher .
The same pitcher that you and your friends struggled to get through over the weekend .
This video is clearly an example of what a grown up Harry Potter does after hours .
Still very impressive , nonetheless .
Quotation Details
Quotation # 40105 from Classic Quotes :
Ask a deeply religious Christian if he'd rather live next to a bearded Muslim that may or may not be plotting a terror attack , or an atheist that may or may not show him how to set up a wireless network in his house .
On the scale of prejudice , atheists do n't seem so bad lately .
Scott Adams , The Dilbert Blog : Atheists : The New Gays , 11-19-06
US cartoonist ( 1957 - )
Your Quotations Page
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
Information
Filename : abp-nazi.png
Size : 958x1179
Uploaded : 2009-04-01
Tags
adp nazi screenshot
Popular tags on the site
yuko cat paintball smashing dilbert forza donnamodelo.com krystal emma fxc rippenspreizer invasion sprites ebooks magic bonton shevington dubai 1999 hr_giger rwpeuro2006 ryushin_14 manga cheerleader family ryushin_15 death_note ka_series_l ranma ryushin_09 rx7 falco bier spain cia chubby comic megaten glastonbury renee avril soepkip stephy jessica giger himos mariage 1nsane wallpaper
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
The Deproliferator
President Obama ’s speech in Prague “ represents a fundamental and important transformation in U.S. thinking about nuclear weapons , ” said Arms Control Association executive director Darryl Kimball in a press release .
“ Obama is not just pledging to ‘ pursue ’ nuclear disarmament — as past U.S. presidents have done — but to make it the strategic goal of U.S. policy to eliminate all the world ’s nuclear weapons . ”
Taking advantage of the occasion to go on the offensive , Kimball added :
“ The cynics and supporters of the nuclear status quo believe action toward a nuclear weapons - free world is an exercise in wishful thinking . …
The real fantasy is to expect nuclear restraint and greater commitment to nonproliferation from other states in the absence of bold U.S. action on disarmament . ”
The last sentence was , of course , directed at the previous administration and those hawks who place the burden of nonproliferation on states thought to aspire to nuclear weapons , like Iran .
Not to mention those which have developed them independent of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons , such as North Korea and Pakistan .
( Not Israel and India , though .
They may be rogue states , but they ’re our rogues . )
The Wall Street Journal ’s response to the Prague speech is typical :
Rarely has a Presidential speech been so immediately and transparently divorced from reality .
…
The President delivered a stirring call to banish nuclear weapons at the very moment that North Korea and Iran are bidding to trigger the greatest proliferation breakout in the nuclear age .
[ When , in fact ] any serious effort at nonproliferation has to begin with North Korea and Iran .
Then , rubbing it in :
Meanwhile , the world ’s most conspicuous antiproliferation victories in recent decades were the Israeli strike against Saddam Hussein ’s nuclear plant at Osirak , and the U.S. toppling of Saddam and the way it impressed Libya ’s Moammar Ghadafi .
Left to their own devices , hawks are likely to opt for the immediate gratification of bombing bombs over the protracted process of attempting to talk states out of crossing the nuclear threshold .
At Slate magazine , neocon sympathizer Anne Applebaum makes it more personal .
The title of her piece drips with condescension : No Nukes ?
No Thanks .
Obama ’s odd obsession with universal nuclear disarmament .
Ms. Applebaum writes :
Clearly , the “ no nukes ” policy is one close to the president ’s heart .
…
Look at his record :
One of the few foreign - policy initiatives to which Obama stuck his name during his brief Senate term was an increase in funding for nuclear nonproliferation .
One of the few senatorial trips he managed was a nuclear inspection tour of Russia , Ukraine , and Azerbaijan .
After the obligatory barbs at Obama , she writes about his nuclear pledge [ emphasis added ] :
This is all very nice — but as the central plank in an American president ’s foreign policy , a call for universal nuclear disarmament seems rather beside the point .
… there is no evidence that U.S. nuclear arms reductions have ever inspired others to do the same .
…
More to the point , nuclear weapons , while terrifying in the abstract , are not an immediate strategic threat to Europe or the United States — even from Iran .
[ Surprising concession . — Ed. ] …
Ridding the world of nuclear weapons would be very nice , in other words , but on its own , it wo n’t alter the international balance of power , stop al - Qaida , or prevent large authoritarian states from invading their smaller neighbors .
Ms. Applebaum may patronize those who work toward ridding the world of nuclear weapons with the phrase “ very nice . ”
But her tone only dilutes her argument by invoking suspicions that , in fact , she favors their possession by the United States .
Apparently , in the current political climate , she ’s reluctant to admit it .
In a Boston Globe oped , defense analyst Adam Lowther is more direct :
. . . if the United States moves toward disarmament , it will be the only nuclear power to do so .
Every other nuclear power is modernizing its nuclear arsenal .
Thus , the United States may soon reach a point where it can be held hostage by other states .
( Independent nuclear scholar Ward Wilson , who alerted us to Lowther ’s piece , debunks his fear - based argument in a letter to the editor of the Boston Globe . )
At the Christian Science Monitor , Richard Harknett is even more up - front about his advocacy of nuclear weapons :
It may seem counter - intuitive , but [ only ] by stabilizing nuclear capabilities , not by eliminating them , will the world be safe from the threat of nuclear weapon use . …
A world with no nuclear weapons creates an unstable environment in which the first country to redeploy even one gains an extraordinary advantage .
Like Ms. Applebaum , Harknett has no qualms about stooping to the supercilious :
We need not idealize global politics to make the world more secure .
Though hawks are trying to remain on the offensive , they ’re obviously back on their heels .
How much credit does the American arms control community deserve for this ?
In other words , how much did it influence Obama to make nonproliferation and disarmament a priority ?
Neither Kimball nor , according to a couple of friends who attended the recent Carnegie International Nonproliferation Conference , any of the attendees attempt to take credit on behalf of the disarmament community .
On the other hand , there was much apparent gratification over another indication of how seriously the administration takes arms control — the nomination of Rose Gottemoeller , former director of the Carnegie Moscow Center , to be assistant secretary of state for verification and compliance .
She ’ll be assigned the task of negotiating the follow - up treaty to START I .
It ’s likely , though , that to some extent , Obama ’s pledge reflects the influence of the American arms control movement .
After all , during the presidential campaign , arms controllers were consulted by Obama ’s people when formulating nuclear weapons policy .
Thus , it would seem that not only is American arms control community ’s existence validated , but its methodology .
The co-chair of the International Nuclear Non-Proliferation and Disarmament Commission , Gareth Evans , provides his perspective in the current Arms Control Today .
Australia ’s colorful former foreign minister was interviewed by Miles Pomper and Peter Crails .
First he lauds the Global Zero initiative , “ which is basically getting the long - term objective up there in the lights , very clearly articulated , and reasonably noisily articulated .
. . a highly useful contribution to energizing .
. . a global constituency . ”
Then Evans remarks :
At the other end of the spectrum , you have a much more cautious step - by - step approach : “ let ’s identify the first few foothills as we work our way up the mountain but we will not be too ambitious about giant strides because it is all a complex universe out there . ”
That is a useful combination of the idealism and the pragmatism , and has an important constituency in the United States in particular .
While the American arms control movement is by no means homogenous , Evans described one of its more significant components .
But , at Foreign Policy in Focus , Kevin Martin warns about the dangers of slow - and - steady - wins - the - race :
[ The upcoming ] NPT Review Conference presents an opportunity to go beyond incremental arms control and nonproliferation steps .
… Obama should announce .
. . the initiation of multi-lateral negotiations for a treaty or convention to abolish nuclear weapons .
…
According to the incrementalists [ other ] more incremental arms control measures should come first — the test - ban treaty ratification , the arms reduction treaty with Russia , a treaty to ban the production of fissionable materials . …
But there is a danger that such an incremental path will [ allow ] innumerable hurdles [ to arise such as ] funding for nuclear research by U.S. weapons laboratories , the question of extending the lifetime of our existing nuclear stockpile [ and ] developing new nuclear warhead . …
We should n’t make the same mistake that Kennedy did by going down the incremental path .
The American arms control community aside , leave us not forget the latter - day Gang of Four ( Henry Kissinger , William Perry , George Schultz , and Sam Nunn ) .
Though they only count one true arms controller ( Nunn ) among them , has any entity been more influential in leading the recent charge toward nonproliferation and disarmament ?
Also writing for Arms Control Today , Steve Andreasen seconds that sentiment :
The response in the United States and abroad to the Shultz - Perry - Kissinger - Nunn articles has been remarkable .
Mikhail Gorbachev. . . felt it was his duty to support the call for urgent action . …
As of today , the initiative by the four has received the support of more than two - thirds of the living former secretaries of state and defense and national security advisers .
As important a factor as Kissinger , et al have been , it ’s likely that , to some extent , they too were influenced by the American arms control community .
Trying to decide who should take credit for Obama ’s arm control initiatives might seem picayune .
But it might prove helpful in determining which approach is most effective .
Ideally it corresponds to the will of the people .
The Deproliferator ( the column ’s title , not the author ’s nom de plume ) covers nuclear nonproliferation and disarmament , with an emphasis on treaties , negotiation , and diplomacy .
The author is not employed in the arms control field .
A term coined by sociologist and professor of international relations Amitai Etzioni , “ deproliferation , ” he writes , “ calls for removing the access to nuclear arms and the materials from which they can readily be made — first and foremost in unstable and noncompliant states , and only then in all others . ”
Whatever the merits of this approach , it lends itself to reinforcing the distinction between the nuclear haves and have - nots .
Fond of his phrase , though , we ’re appropriating it to our own ends .
For the purposes of this column , deproliferation means , simply , disarmament .
9:15 pm at the Victoria Theater in San Francisco .
This is not an official EFF event , but is so cool we 're putting it on the website anyway .
%3Cobject%20width%3D%22560%22%20height%3D%22340%22%20allow%3D%22autoplay%22%3E%3Cparam%20name%3D%22movie%22%20value%3D%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fv%2F9oar9glUCL0%26amp%3Bhl%3Den%26amp%3Bfs%3D1%26amp%3Brel%3D0%3Fautoplay%3D1%26mute%3D1%22%20%2F%3E%3Cparam%20name%3D%22allowFullScreen%22%20value%3D%22true%22%20%2F%3E%3Cparam%20name%3D%22allowscriptaccess%22%20value%3D%22always%22%20%2F%3E%3Cembed%20src%3D%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fv%2F9oar9glUCL0%26amp%3Bhl%3Den%26amp%3Bfs%3D1%26amp%3Brel%3D0%3Fautoplay%3D1%26mute%3D1%22%20type%3D%22application%2Fx-shockwave-flash%22%20allowscriptaccess%3D%22always%22%20allowfullscreen%3D%22true%22%20width%3D%22560%22%20height%3D%22340%22%20allow%3D%22autoplay%22%3E%3C%2Fembed%3E%3C%2Fobject%3E
Privacy info .
This embed will serve content from youtube.com
As part of The Anti-Corporate Film Festival , watch the West Coast Premier of " RIP : A Remix Manifesto , " a copyleft call - to - arms featuring Girl Talk , Cory Doctorow , Gilberto Gil , Larry Lessig and others .
You can get details at CounterCorp.org and buy tickets at BrownPaperTickets.com .
From the film 's press release :
In the West Coast premiere of this high - energy film , web activist and filmmaker Brett Gaylor explores issues of copyright in the Information Age , mashing up the media landscape of the 20th Century and shattering the wall between users and producers .
The film ’s central protagonist is Girl Talk , a mash - up musician who creates new music by chopping up and re-assembling other people 's songs -- and is topping the charts with his sample - based works .
But is Girl Talk a paragon of people power or the Pied Piper of piracy ?
Creative Commons founder Lawrence Lessig , Brazil ’s Minister of Culture ( and legendary musician ) Gilberto Gil , and pop culture critic Cory Doctorow are also along for the ride .
The film itself is a mash - up , as Gaynor shares his raw footage for anyone to remix .
This participatory media experiment allows those remixes to become an integral part of the film .
With " RiP : A Remix Manifesto " , Gaylor and Girl Talk sound an urgent alarm about corporate control over art , culture , creativity , and freedom of expression .
The battle lines have been drawn -- which side of the ideas war are you on ?
if you 're not in San Francisco , look for other screenings at RipRemix.com .
NEW YORK / SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Amazon.com
Inc introduced a larger , souped - up Kindle electronic reader on Wednesday designed for students and newspaper readers , but a $ 489 price tag could make it too expensive for many consumers .
Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos holds the new Kindle DX electronic reader at a news conference where the device was introduced in New York May 6 , 2009 .
The latest version of the device is larger , aimed at newspapers and textbooks and carries a price tag of $ 489 .
REUTERS / Eric
Thayer
The Kindle DX , which has a 9.7 inch black - and - white display , is designed to be a more friendly vehicle for textbooks and newspapers , which often need a larger space to display their content effectively .
The DX has about 2.5 times the surface area of the normal Kindle and costs $ 130 more .
Despite the popularity and buzz surrounding the Kindle brand , the DX faces challenges , analysts say .
It debuts at a time when consumer spending is ebbing due to the recession .
And while it has a less - cluttered layout than the average computer screen and is easier on the eyes than a monitor , the DX provides little of the interactivity that people get on other hand - held devices .
It does not offer color or touch - screen .
Super - sizing the Kindle also appears to ignore consumers ’ fascination with pocket - size gadgets such as Apple Inc ’s iPod and iPhone .
“ It seems like you ’re fighting the impulse among consumers to go to smaller , more portable ways of acquiring media , such as an iPhone or a netbook , ” said Alan Mutter , a technology venture capitalist and former newspaper editor who runs the newspaper business blog Reflections of a Newsosaur .
PILOT PROGRAMS
The new Kindle comes as other companies including Sony Corp experiment with digital readers as ways to get people to use -- and pay for -- traditional media , even as they spend more time online and less time on the printed page .
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos said The New York Times , The Washington Post and The Boston Globe will start pilot programs with the DX this summer .
He said five universities will do pilot programs with the reader acting as an all - in - one textbook .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
The DX also allows people to read personal documents , and is touted as a way for businesspeople and others to avoid having to carry around an assortment of loose papers .
Besides making highly formatted pages easier to read , the DX has more memory , 3.3 gigabytes , which can hold up to 3,500 books versus the normal Kindle ’s 1,500 .
But at $ 489 , analysts questioned how many economy - conscious consumers would open their wallets for the new gadget , which weighs nearly 19 ounces .
“ It is somewhat ironic in that the device is getting more expensive as the source content that is well - suited to it is becoming more mass - market such as newspapers and textbooks , ” said Ross Rubin , consumer technology analyst at the NPD Group .
Amazon is quick to tout its Kindle as the future of reading -- and a sales driver for the Seattle - based giant -- but does not disclose its sales and profit breakdown , leading some analysts to view the Kindle as an interesting niche device with minor mainstream appeal .
NO GAME - CHANGER
Amazon is hoping that newspaper publishers find the Kindle DX a better way to show off their daily editions .
The New York Times and The Washington Post will offer the DX at a reduced price to readers where home delivery of those newspapers is not available .
The announcement comes hours after The New York Times concluded a series of marathon talks with The Boston Globe ’s biggest union to win millions of dollars in cost concessions that the Times says it needs to keep the paper alive .
Newspapers are already available on the regular Kindle .
A subscription to The New York Times costs $ 13.99 per month , and the Washington Post and Los Angeles Times cost $ 9.99 .
“ It ’s certainly not a game - changing move for the newspaper business at this point in time , ” NPD ’s Rubin said .
“ E - readers are just a piece of the puzzle , ” he said .
Textbook publishers Cengage Learning Inc , Pearson Plc and Wiley will offer books through the Kindle store starting this summer , with others to follow .
Trials using the DX beginning this fall will be conducted at Arizona State University , Case Western Reserve University , Princeton University , Reed College and the University of Virginia ’s Darden School of Business , the company said .
Amazon did not disclose the price of e-textbooks , but they are likely to be at a discount to physical books .
The hand - held Kindle , updated earlier this year and only available in the United States , allows users to read books , newspapers , magazines and blogs .
Like the regular Kindle , DX users will be able to get access to books that can be downloaded through the Kindle store for $ 9.99 in most cases .
Amazon shares ended 9 cents higher at $ 81.99 on the Nasdaq .
A link has been found between eating too much red meat and vision loss .
Researchers from the Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital have found people who eat red meat more than 10 times a week experience increased macular degeneration , leading to vision loss .
The link was stronger for people who ate high levels of salami and continental sausage , but weaker for people who ate more chicken .
Report author Dr Elaine Chong it shows people should be aware of how much red meat they eat .
" Everything in moderation is the answer , " she said .
" I guess when looking at the study we actually found that a quarter of the study population ate more than 10 serves of red meat a week which is quite substantial ... it's also like two serves of red meat a day , " she said .
" What we found was that excessive meat intake - more than 10 serves of red meat per week - was associated with about a 47 per cent increased association of early and late macular degeneration . "
Mayans : “ We ’re not leaving , even if we have to die ”
In a coordinated effort with “ civilian aggressors ” , as many as 260 police officers tried to evict 500 Mayan families from a 6 - acre lot of land they occupied last month , near the town of San Cristobal de las Casas , in Chiapas , Mexico .
The eviction ultimately failed , but not before twelve Mayans and fifteen police were injured and about 100 homes were destroyed .
The attempted eviction took place on the morning of March 26 , following an order from the Mayor of San Cristobal de las Casas .
At the prompting of civilians from the town , the Mayor said the Mayans have to be evicted because the land is owned by “ the National Commission for the Development of Indigenous Peoples ” ( CDI ) , a Federal Agency that is supposed to “ protect and promote the interest and well - being of [ Indigenous Peoples ] with due regard to their beliefs , customs , traditions and institutions . ”
According to eye witnesses , the police , who were armed with pepper spray and riot shields , cordoned off the area while the civilians began to raid and set fire to the Mayans ’ homes .
The civilians were themselves armed with gasoline , sticks and Machetes .
“ They said nothing .
They began to hit us and destroy things , ” said one Woman .
“ They treated us like animals . ”
Needless to say , the community defended itself , picking up stones , sticks , and whatever else was on hand .
The police “ tried to respond the same way ” says the EFE News Service , but they finally decided to withdraw without managing to expel the [ Mayans ] . ”
The community has since warned that they have no intention of leaving the land .
“ We ’re not leaving , because we have nowhere to live and even if we have to die , we ’re staying here . ”
A Flip Through the Karen Annals
The Karens , as well as other ethnic groups , actually arrived in Burma before the majority group known as the Burmans ( as opposed to the Burmese , all the citizens of Burma ) .
But , in the sixteenth century , the Burmans conquered most of Burma and proceeded to impose their will on the ethnics .
But the modern “ origins of the ethnic hatred .
. . can be traced back to the Anglo - Burmese wars , ” writes Benedict Rogers in his 2004 book World Without Evil : Stopping the genocide of Burma ’s Karen people .
The Karens assisted the British in their efforts to conquer the Burmans .
The British , in turn , allowed them a measure of autonomy ( in part , also , because they were too far - flung to rule ) .
The ethnics ’ first taste of freedom was an ironic byproduct of British colonialism .
During World War II , Burmese forces joined the invading Japanese in mercilessly attacking the Karens , who feared they were destined for genocide .
But the Allies turned the tide on the Japanese and the Karens helped drive them out .
The Karens hoped that they would be rewarded with statehood , but during the war Mountbatten of Burma had authorized a secret deal with the Burmans that left the Karens out in the cold .
Once Burma was granted its independence , the Karens sought to co-exist with the government .
But , in 1949 , General Ne Win , later the leader of the coup that installed junta rule , led militias on a rampage of Karen territory .
In response , the Karen National Union ( KNU ) emerged to fight for the rights of the Karens and the establishment of Kawthoolei , the state around which their dreams revolve .
The recently appointed vice - chairman of the KNU , David Thakabaw , furnished us with the Karens ’ version of that period when we contacted him .
“ The Burman regime led by U Nu started war against the Karen people with the help of fascist Ne Win [ the general who led the coup in 1962 ] .
The United States probably encouraged Ne Win to [ later seize power in the coup ] as U Nu was too neutral for its liking .
Later , the United States gave aid to Ne Win to fight the communists , after the 1967 Burmese - Chinese riot . ”
Meanwhile , Thakapaw continues , the “ British labor government gave military aid to the Burmans , in the belief that [ it was the Karens who ] started the war and committed atrocities .
[ But the atrocities ] were committed by Ne Win ’s pocket army troops wearing Karen uniforms . ”
In recent years the disintegration of ceasefire talks has been a pretext for junta offensives against the Karens .
Others include a perceived need on the part of the junta to engage in wholesale destruction of Karen villages to make room for large dam - building projects , as well as relocation of the capital from Yangon ( Rangoon ) .
Or , as an SPDC official quoted by Benedict Rogers said in 1992 , “ In 10 years all Karens will be dead .
If you want to see a Karen , you will have to go to a museum in Rangoon . ”
As of today , hundreds of thousands of ethnic minorities have been forcibly relocated by the Burmese army , their villages burned to the ground .
Tens of thousands have fled across the border to Thailand .
Meanwhile , the army not only tortures and executes those villagers suspected of working with the insurgent groups , but forces others to labor as porters .
Adding insult to injury , the army uses children as soldiers , seeds the Karen territory with land mines , and then forces Karen people to act as mine - sweepers by traversing the terrain ahead of the army .
As in Cambodia , citizens missing a leg , or parts of one , are common in the Karen regions .
But neither is the KNLA ( the Karen National Liberation Army , the armed wing of the KNU ) blameless .
It too has been known to lay mines and use child soldiers .
Also , according to Phil Thornton in his 2006 book , Restless Souls : Rebels , Refugees , Medics and Misfits on the Thai - Burma Border , one of its officers told him that because it ca n’t afford to feed them , the KNLA often kills prisoners on the spot .
Cross-posted from Huffington Post .
Part 1
The city has coughed up $ 540 million in payouts related to improper police actions since 1998 — and taxpayer cost for such cases hit a record high last year .
In 1998 , the city paid lawsuit settlements or judgments to 571 claimants who accused the NYPD of bad behavior .
That figure more than doubled to 1,265 in 2008 , according to Law Department data .
The amount of money shelled out each year also doubled in the past decade .
The city paid $ 31.8 million in 1998 , and $ 66.4 million in 2008 .
“ What it reveals is a steadily increasing problem of police wrongdoing over the course of the Bloomberg administration , ” said Donna Lieberman , executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union .
“ Both in terms of the number of incidents and the cost of wrongdoing , the trend is in the wrong direction . ”
She said the rise in payouts paralleled a rise in the number of police - abuse complaints made to the Civilian Complaint Review Board .
But NYPD spokesman Paul Browne said payouts are n’t always a reflection of police misconduct .
“ Actions in which the police are innocent of wrongdoing , and in which the city admits none , nonetheless frequently result in settlements which enrich plaintiffs and their lawyers at monetary expense to the public and at the expense of the NYPD ’s good name , ” Browne said .
The 10,625 payouts made over the last 10 years stemmed from lawsuits accusing the NYPD of false arrest , malicious prosecutions , excessive force or other misconduct .
Some of these payouts came in cases filed more than a decade ago .
“ It is important to note that most of the payouts are for incidents that arose in the past and are not reflective of current trends , ” city Law Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Thomas said .
* The biggest settlement in 2008 was $ 3.4 million to Hector Gonzalez , who sued the city in 2004 after spending more than six years in prison on a wrongful murder conviction .
He was sent to the slammer in 1996 at age 17 for the slaying of a Brooklyn bar patron a year before .
The conviction was thrown out in April 2002 after evidence emerged in an FBI investigation into the Latin Kings gang , and a DNA test exonerated Gonzalez .
According to his lawyer , Nick Brustin , an NYPD detective and lieutenant investigating the murder used unreliable witnesses and withheld results of a lineup that would have helped clear Gonzalez , now 32 .
Brustin , who specializes in civil - rights matters involving police , said cases like Gonzalez ’s rarely lead to departmental changes or investigations of cops .
“ We see no suggestion that the Police Department is looking at what is happening in some very serious civil - rights cases in terms of addressing problem officers , policing procedures and police training , ” Brustin said .
jfanelli@nypost.com
By Darren Waters
Technology editor , BBC News website
ISPs could soon be asked to monitor the online activities of their users Internet service providers ( ISPs ) have rejected calls for them to police the net and cut off users who repeatedly file - share material unlawfully .
The umbrella group that represents ISPs said disconnecting users would be a " disproportionate response " .
A coalition of UK creative industries wants the online connections of repeat offenders to be slowed or stopped .
The government has said it is looking at " penalties " for illegal file - sharers in its Digital Britain report .
In a statement , the Internet Service Providers Association ( Ispa ) said it disputed " calls from some elements of the creative industries for the disconnection of users or technological measures as a method of dealing with potential infringers of copyright online " .
A graduated response which leads to pain for persistent piracy is the only viable option
John Woodward , UK Film Council
It added : " Ispa members have consistently explained that significant technological advances would be required if these measures are to reach a standard where they would be admissible as evidence in court .
" ISPs and consumer groups consider disconnection of users to be a disproportionate response , a view that was recently supported by the European Parliament . "
Force ISPs
The coalition of music , film and TV and publishers , as well as entertainment trade unions , have issued a joint statement , in which it calls on the government to force ISPs into taking action against file - sharers .
Without question , piracy threatens jobs , but have the creative industries been a bit loose with their maths and language in order to strike an emotive point ?
Darren Waters ' blog Q&A : Disconnecting file - sharers John Woodward , chief executive of the UK Film Council , said ISPs had to " put on a deputy 's badge " .
" You can send out all the cease and desist e-mails in the world , but ultimately if there is n't any sanction with some sort of threat of disrupted broadband , then the threats are empty and will be ignored . "
He added : " A graduated response which leads to pain for persistent piracy is the only viable option . "
However , Barbara Follett MP , minister for the creative industries , told a conference of industry executives in London that the government was favouring a system of warning letters to offenders with the threat of legal action , rather than disconnection .
She said the government was a " little nervous " of taking steps that would see users ' connections slowed or stopped altogether .
Rights holders
While not ruling out any particular sanction , she said : " We are going to build on the memorandum of understanding set up last year between government , ISPs and rights holders .
A letter threatening another letter is simply not good enough
Simon Juden , Publishers Association
Read a selection of your comments " We propose a requirement for ISPs to notify their customers that are engaging in unlawful file - sharing and notify them in such a way that any further action would have consequences .
" The consequences we propose are legal action ; I know some people feel that is not sufficient . "
She said the detail of the types of legal action to be taken would be included in next month 's Digital Britain report .
She said that ministers were looking closely at events in France where the government is trying to introduce a " three strikes and out " policy for unlawful file - sharing .
Legal action
However , many in the creative industry are concerned that the onus to take legal action against " pirates " will fall on them , and not on the ISPs .
Simon Juden , chief executive of the Publishers ' Association , said : " A letter threatening another letter is simply not good enough . "
Ispa has also called on the creative industries to simplify and improve the licensing that is needed for firms to offer legal alternatives to file - sharing unlawfully .
" Ispa is disappointed that the creative industries continue to advocate legislation on enforcement without considering how the complicated licensing processes that many stakeholders believe are at the root of the problem can be reformed , " the umbrella group said .
Mr Woodward agreed the film industry had to introduce radical new business models if it were to succeed in the digital age and needed to work with ISPs to become partners in distributing content .
" There needs to be a better relationship between content providers , ISPS and consumers . "
He said that ISPs might be willing to consider a graduated response to tackling piracy if content providers were willing to pay distribution fees to ISPs .
" ISPs would be incentivised to tackle piracy , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( Adds Pakistani reaction )
WASHINGTON , March 17 ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama and his national security advisers are considering expanding the covert U.S. war in Pakistan far beyond the tribal areas near the border with Afghanistan , the New York Times reported on Tuesday .
Two high - level reports on Pakistan and Afghanistan that have been forwarded to the White House in recent weeks have called for broadening the target area to reach the Taliban and other insurgent groups to a major sanctuary in and around the city of Quetta , the newspaper said on its website , citing senior administration officials .
Missile strikes by Central Intelligence Agency - operated drones have until now been limited to the tribal areas , and never been extended into Baluchistan , a sprawling province under the authority of Pakistan 's central government , and which is next to parts of Afghanistan where recent fighting has been fiercest , the newspaper website said .
Some American officials say the missile strikes in the tribal areas have forced some leaders of the Taliban and al Qaeda to flee toward Quetta , making them more vulnerable , the Times said .
Pakistan objects to the missile strikes , saying they are not only a violation of its sovereignty but complicate its efforts to tackle militants .
Pakistan Foreign Office spokesman Abdul Basit said on Wednesday he was aware of the New York Times report .
" As we have been saying all along , we believe such attacks are counter - productive , " he said .
" They involve collateral damage and they are not helpful in our efforts to win hearts and minds . "
Many of Obama 's advisers are also urging him to sustain orders issued last summer by former President George W. Bush to continue Predator drone attacks against a wider range of targets in the tribal areas , and to conduct cross - border ground actions , using CIA and Special Operations commandos .
The Times said a spokesman for the National Security Council had declined to provide details , saying only : " We 're still working hard to finalise the review on Afghanistan and Pakistan that the president requested . "
No other official would talk on the record on the issue , citing the administration 's deliberations and the politically volatile nature of strikes into Pakistan 's territory , the report said .
( Additional reporting by Robert Birsel in Islamabad ; Writing by Patricia Zengerle ; Editing by Sandra Maler and Jerry Norton )
WASHINGTON  So powerful was Representative John P. Murtha at one time that he used to put up billboards in his Western Pennsylvania district declaring that “ the P is for Power . ”
Few in Congress dared disagree : he doled out or withheld billions in federal money each year for lawmakers ’ pet projects , better known as earmarks .
Now , however , a string of federal criminal investigations of contractors or lobbyists close to Mr. Murtha , the top Democrat on the defense appropriations subcommittee , are threatening to undermine his backroom clout .
In the weeks since the news that prosecutors had raided the offices of the PMA Group  a lobbying firm founded by a former Murtha associate that became a gateway to his office and his biggest source of campaign money  about two dozen rank - and - file Democrats have risked his wrath by calling for a House ethics investigation of the matter .
One Democrat has even foresworn seeking earmarks for the military contractors in his district because of ethical concerns about the process .
In a private meeting with the chairman of the House appropriations committee , Mr. Murtha , the unofficial leader of the “ old bulls ” who oversee the subcommittees , was forced to accept a series of new restrictions on his authority to grant earmarks , Democratic aides briefed on the meeting said .
In previous weeks he had already acquiesced to another steep cut in the volume of earmarks he dispenses , down by half this year from a few years ago .
He had also submitted to new disclosure requirements , including public hearings , that cramp his ability to cut last - minute deals .
British scientists may have developed the solution to the growing ocean pollution dilemma .
Engineering company BMT Group has created a lifelike robotic fish that will be tested in the sea off the coast of northern Spain near Gijon .
Its purpose is to detect pollution in the ocean through its chemical sensors and navigation controls .
The coolest thing about this invention is that , unlike its former sibling experiments that required remote controls , the fish will be guided using Wi -Fi handlers .
Its design mimics the body of a carp , but on a larger scale .
Scientists compare its size to a seal , about 5 - feet long .
Each fish will have a price tag of about $ 29,000 .
( Check out the video below to see it in action )
In the past , scientists have worked with different robotic designs to detect pollution , such as a conventional submarine .
Rory Doyle , senior research scientist at BMT Group , tells Reuters that the fish - shaped design was the best choice because nature has already proven it to be efficient .
“ In using robotic fish we are building on a design created by hundreds of millions of years ’ worth of evolution which is incredibly energy efficient , ” Doyle says .
“ This efficiency is something we need to ensure that our pollution detection sensors can navigate in the underwater environment for hours on end . ”
According to National Geographic , of the 200 billion pounds of plastic produced each years , an estimated 10 percent ends up in the ocean .
In the U.S. alone , we generate 250 million tons of trash annually , and only 32.5 percent of that waste is recycled .
So where does a portion of our un-recycled waste end up ?
A 2006 United Nations report calculated that each square mile of ocean contains 46,000 pieces of plastic , having a severe effect on its ecological system .
If the testing of the robotic fish is successful , scientists hope to use the technology in oceans , lakes and rivers around the world .
However , you can still do your part in keeping trash out of the ocean by recycling and reducing your waste .
A couple of weeks ago I wrote about Matteo Spinelli ’s cool rotating wheel interface for the iPhone .
It ’s a very cool proof of concept , and Matteo left it up to us to figure out some real world applications for it .
I thought this would be perfect for a social bookmarking tool .
So with my limited coding abilities I sat down and pieced together the “ Social Spinner ” .
Since the original rotating wheel had just 12 spaces , I simply picked the top 12 social bookmarking apps and used those .
If you want to change these , just edit index.html and socialspinner .js to use any other social bookmarking submit code .
It ’s admittedly far from perfect .
I ’d like to see it called it from within a div , and would love to see it work as part of WP - Touch .
Unfortunately I have neither the time nor the knowledge at this point , so I ’m putting it out there for anyone to use and modify as they like .
Since Social Spinner uses the onTouch function , it will only work on iPhone and iPod Touch .
To see it in action you ’ll need to open your iPhone / iTouch to this link
Download source files here
Cartoons and text by Greg Uchrin ( aka Gregorius alexandrinus ) , with the able assistance of Fred and Bert Squirrel , with special appearances by George Dymme .
Published once a week on Mondays .
And check out my DeviantArt gallery : GregoriusU @ Deviant Art
NOTE ON COMMENTS
98 % of the comments I received were from spammers -- you know , " Great post -- it has really changed my life -- see this ad for penile enlargement . "
So I 've decided to abandon comments .
In the meantime , if you want to send me any missives , pro or con , write to me at gregoriusu01 ( at ) gmail.com .
You know what to do with the ( at ) .
THERE -- see if you can declare THAT domain SPAM , Google !
This page is found at http://www.cdc.gov/h1n1flu/masks.htm.
[ book review of ' Publicani ' by Zak Maymin ]
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1438221231
" ... in this world nothing is certain but death and taxes " – Benjamin Franklin
' Publicani ' is an action thriller about a Jewish family fighting against a government agency .
It asks questions like , " How far would the government go to invade individual privacy in pursuit of its own interests ? "
Premise of the book is that sometime in near future the government invents a procedure that allows to take part of one 's intellect and share it with other people .
Intellect redistribution , much like income redistribution , would used to make people in key positions smarter , benefiting society as a whole .
Is this an ethical thing to do ?
The story is told very visually , as if it were a movie .
( In fact , its futuristic and supernatural elements reminded me of the ' Minority Report ' . )
It is entertaining and full of unexpected twists .
I like the well developed characters and the conflict surrounding this new technology ...
So , yes , the book is interesting .
But what is n't obvious , even after you read it , is that the actual purpose of this book is to FIGHT THE INCOME TAX !
The procedure of sucking out one 's intellect is an exaggerated account of how intrusive the government can be , and it is not meant to be taken literally .
Instead , if you get the allegory , you would see that motivation for this book was to advance author 's libertarian principles and to explain why direct taxation of income is immoral and unnecessary .
( In an interview he said , " If you give me time , I 'll prove it to you like a mathematical theorem . " -
This I would like to see ! )
Incidentally , it is curious to know that Zak Maymin is not a fiction writer .
( Well , I guess he is now ! )
He is a hedge fund manager with an advanced degree in mathematics – a Russian immigrant who believes in freedom .
So , what he did was combine his knowledge of economics with his libertarian principles and wrote a book ( or should we say , a movie script ? ) in the most infectious and thought - provoking way , to get his message across .
_____________________
The opening chapter is rather intriguing : no narrative .
My first impression was that it had a flavor of corporate espionage novels .
For someone whose first language is n't English he writes very well .
I like his economy of words : if he were a painter , he would know how to turn the brush to get a desired effect with just a few strokes .
In the ' Prologue ' , from letters exchanged between government agencies , we get to learn the meaning of the word ' Publicani ' .
Basically , in the ancient times there were tax farmers ( Publicani ) who used to collect taxes from the provincials ; they were despised by the common folk .
In the next chapter , ' Josh gets an assignment ' , we meet the main hero , Josh , a young government agent , and one of the villains , Moschetti , his boss .
There is a funny paragraph about Josh that I enjoyed very much :
" This was not as easy as it sounded because he tended to think independently .
The principle had worked well for him in all the concentration - camps - like institutions that he had attended : school , colleges , and now the ICA .
In all of these places , people of average abilities did what they hated under the supervision of corrupt losers .
The rules protected the losers , who ferociously protected the rules .
The system was especially hard on those with higher intellects , who would question the reasons behind the rules . "
What a brilliant observation !
Reminds me of every school I went to . :)
In this and subsequent chapters we learn more about the Intellect Collection Agency ( a.k.a. Publicani ) that Josh is working for and the infamous " Gerbatz Procedure " they use to transfer some of the brain power from people with high IQ to various politicians and generals that need to be smarter in order to run the country better .
The procedure causes excruciating pain and actually makes people dumber for a few months .
So , naturally , there are many cases on " non-compliance " that are handled by the agency with unbelievable cruelty .
In later chapters we meet Sam and Ariela , Josh 's parents , and his sister Sarah ...
_____________________
Throughout the book , the author uses characters to express his opinion directly .
For example , Mr. Olafson , a scientist who resisted the procedure , basically choosing between death and taxes , says :
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 ( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
2 2 2
Rate
It | View Ratings
Khanan Asherov Social Media Pages :
Currently , a systems support specialist in a financial company ; a student ; positive psychology enthusiast .
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Am I the only one who has noticed that some of the safe areas of Left 4 Dead are actually pretty good , possibly better than wherever you 're supposedly going ?
Some of the safehouses have food and water in addition to weapons , ammunition , and medical supplies .
The finale of Death Toll is particularly noteworthy .
As the boat arrives to carry you across the water to the ruined , burning city on the other side , it gives you time to reflect that where you 've been seems a lot nicer than where you 're going .
The only explanation is that Zoey does n't want to be shacked up with three lonely nutjobs .
Shamus
Young is a programmer and writer by trade , videogame nitpicker by inclination .
If you have the patience for more of his ramblings , they can be found at ShamusYoung.com .
A simple prank against former GOP VP nominee and current Alaska Governor Sarah Palin has finally come to the attention of Alaskan authorities , resulting in a cease - and - desist order as well as somewhat misdirected copyright claims .
The owner of the site in question has caved to legal pressure , although one has to admit that the whole series of events was worth a chuckle .
Houston - based DJ Shoe Latif registered Crackho.com ages ago ( according to a Whois search , 1998 ) , but decided to give the site a fresh face in 2008 after Governor Palin was chosen as the Republican Vice President nominee .
She changed the redirect settings so that all traffic to Crackho.com would go directly to Sarah Palin 's official website .
The change apparently flew under the radar until earlier this month , when Alaska 's Attorney General Michael Barnhill sent a letter ( PDF ) to Latif demanding that she knock it off .
Clearly , Barnhill and gang have no real understanding of URL redirects in general , because the letter asserts that Crackho.com made illegal use of the official seal of the State of Alaska without permission , and that Latif was in violation of the federal Copyright Act .
Nevermind that the seal was on Palin 's own site .
Latif must have been feeling especially kind , because she has since changed crackho.com so that it does not redirect to the governor 's website .
Instead , she merely uses an illustration of Palin and a link to the site instead .
However , we can't help but wonder what would happen if she chose to push back — she was n't misusing any copyrighted images or even hosting anything herself , though it 's possible that Palin 's lawyers might argue that she somehow " misrepresented " the site and its trademarks by directing traffic through Crackho.com . �
via BoingBoing
Editor 's Note :
The original version of this story , which you can find here , erroneously linked the Wolverine movie leak with an FBI datacenter raid in Dallas .
Ars Technica regrets the error .
On April Fools Day this week , BitTorrent users were having fun at the expense of anything but a joke : copies of an unfinished version of X - Men Origins : Wolverine leaked to the Internet .
Wolverine first leaked to BitTorrent on April Fools , allegedly in DVD quality .
This version is said to be incomplete , however , with a number of missing scenes , unfinished special effects , and scores from other films spliced in for portions of the soundtrack .
Nevertheless , the leaked Wolverine was promptly downloaded over 75,000 times within the first few hours of its premature Internet debut .
20th Century
Fox issued a statement later that day about the leak , acknowledging that an " early version " of Wolverine has been " posted illegally on websites . "
The studio also fired a warning shot across the bow of whoever leaked it , stating that " we forensically mark our content so we can identify sources that make it available or download it . "
Fox also mentions that the MPAA and FBI are investigating the crime , and that it will " prosecute the source and any subsequent postings to the fullest extent of the law . "
Naturally , 20th Century
Fox is none too happy about the leak , which contains watermarks from Rising Sun Pictures ( RSP ) , an Australian special effects studio working on parts of the film .
However , Chairman and co-founder Tony Clark released a statement on RSP 's website that his company had nothing to do with leaking Wolverine .
" As we worked on individual sequences within the film , neither RSP or its staff members have ever been in possession of a full - length version , so it would have been impossible for the movie to have been leaked from here . "
More than likely , 20th Century Fox is most worried about a film leaking out before much of its fit and polish ( and even some of its core components ) were added .
But as we have seen in recent years , movie piracy has not seemed to cause the industry much harm .
The MPAA touted record box office sales of $ 9.63 billion and $ 9.78 billion in 2007 and 2008 , respectively , suggesting that this leak may not have much of an effect on X - Men Origins : Wolverine this summer .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - American International Group
Inc is expected to post a first - quarter net loss of about $ 5 billion , smaller than its year - ago loss and much lower than the record hit it took last quarter , a source familiar with the matter said on Wednesday .
The insurer ’s net loss is expected to be about $ 1.80 per share , the source said .
AIG results are expected after the stock market close on Thursday .
In the first quarter of 2008 , the insurer posted a net loss of $ 7.81 billion , or $ 3.09 a share .
On an adjusted basis , AIG is expected to post a first - quarter loss of about $ 2.4 billion , which comes to a little less than 90 cents per share , the source said .
The adjusted figure excludes capital and FAS 133 losses , the source added .
FAS 133 relates to accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities .
AIG could not immediately be reached for comment .
The source did not want to be identified because AIG has not announced its results yet .
Earlier this week , the source said results would not trigger a new capital injection from the U.S. government , making it the first quarterly results announcement since AIG ’s September rescue that would not be accompanied by the government stepping in to aid the insurer .
It would also be AIG ’s sixth consecutive quarterly loss , with the last five already adding up to more than $ 100 billion .
AIG ’s fourth - quarter net loss of $ 61.7 billion was the largest quarterly loss in U.S. corporate history and was announced in March along with a revised bailout package , which included a new $ 30 billion lifeline for the troubled insurer among other terms .
Overall , the government has committed some $ 180 billion in its efforts to rescue AIG , including some $ 85 billion in loans that the insurer is trying to repay through divestitures .
So far , AIG has reached deals for a dozen businesses , raising more than $ 4 billion .
AIG Chief Executive Edward Liddy told Reuters in late April that the company was also reviewing second - round bids for an asset management business and an aircraft lessor .
Together , sales of those businesses are expected to bring in more than $ 5 billion .
AIG is also near a deal to sell its Japanese headquarters for about $ 1 billion , another source told Reuters earlier this week .
AIG ’s shares were up 9 cents to $ 1.82 in early afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
You miss 100 % of the shots you do n’t take .
- Wayne Gretzky - Michael Scott
Thanks to this NBC still that ’s invaded my broadband , I was given the opportunity to read the quote from last week ’s episode of The Office at my own speed and on my own time .
After some reflection , it ’s not so much the quote that I like , but the way it ’s framed .
The Michael Scott brackets around the Wayne Gretzky parentheses reminds me of what most people , including myself , pass off for blogging , i.e. recycling content .
Even this post proves my point perfectly .
I ’ve simply taken an image , transcribed the words included in that image , and I ’ve posted it on TOE .
So , the new quote would look something like this :
You miss 100 % of the shots you do n’t take .
- Wayne Gretzky - Michael Scott - TOE
Is there any good in what I ’ve done ?
Sure , I ’ve brought an image to TOE readers that they may never have seen otherwise by adding an additional bracket , but is there any good in that ?
* By good I mean a combination of useful , novel , and entertaining .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
Officer thought to be shown in video striking Ian Tomlinson shortly before his death during G20 protests comes forward
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The police officer thought to be shown in video footage striking Ian Tomlinson shortly before the newsagent died during last week 's G20 protests has come forward to the Independent Police Complaints Commission .
The video footage obtained by the Guardian shows Tomlinson , 47 , walking past police with his hands in his pockets , then being knocked to the ground by an officer in riot gear who strikes him from behind with a baton as officers from the City of London force look on .
Minutes later Tomlinson suffered a fatal heart attack .
The City of London police initially was investigating the attack , supervised by the IPCC , but today after the video came to light the IPCC reversed its decision and announced its own investigators would conduct a full criminal inquiry .
Also tonight , new footage emerged from ITN / Channel Four News of the moment Tomlinson was struck , showing the riot officer swinging his arm back fully before striking Tomlinson .
The IPCC has ordered a second postmortem examination , which aims to provide medical evidence as to what caused the death of the newspaper seller .
The first attributed his death to natural causes .
Tonight , Tomlinson 's family released a statement through their lawyer which said they wanted " to thank the media for bringing crucial evidence about Ian 's death to light " .
The family said they were " grateful to all the witnesses who have come forward and asked for anyone else who has information to contact Tuckers Solicitors and the IPCC " .
Tomlinson was on his way home and was not part of the protest last Wednesday in the City .
“ These people should die in hell , all three of them .
It ’s so disrespectful .
And it ’s a good thing I ’m not there ( referring to his delayed arrival in Cannes )
If I see them I ’ll strangle every one of them ” “ Nick Cage , Werner Herzog … I hope they ’re in the same streetcar when it blows up . ”
[ Source : LA Times ]
more - than - two - minute promo trailer directed byhas hit the web . directed and co-wrote the 1992 original , which earnedan Independent Spirit Award for his performance as a drug - addled , gambling sex addict who investigates the rape of a nun .
Actually , “ Bad Lieutenant : Port of Call New Orleans ” is n’t real remake !
Herzog himself calls it “ a completely independent autonomous story . ”
He even claims he ’s never seen the original .
At the 2008 Cannes Film Festival , director Werner Herzog announced a remake of the film with Nicolas Cage starring and the original film ’s producer , Edward R. Pressman returning .
When asked about the remake , Ferrara said , The new version is based on a screenplay from William M Finkelstein , a seasoned television writer whose credits include LA Law and NYPD Blue , and gives the conflicted officer a name – Terence McDonough – as he investigates the killing of five Senegalese immigrants .
is set to play the lead character , a cop who lives on the edge .
will play Cage ’s police partner , whilewill play a criminal dubbed Big Fade .
Herzog ’s version of “ Bad Lieutenant ” also starsand .
[ Video Source : WP
Ye hello I got the same virus .
" omg i found your contact list " and then a link .
I have a pretty good antivirus program with spyware and adware protection .
It has n't found any virus recently connected to this msn message .
I found a couple of times a virus called downloader and deleted it straight away .
But the msn is still like this .
It would be appreciated to get some professional help on this .
What is this .
And is someone in my computer .
And how do I get rid of this .
My Antivirus ( Norton ) is updated to the latest virus protection and it can't find anything .
What is going on .
The giant moray eel is normally a lone hunter in the dark .
Now scientists find these eels may at times hunt in the daytime in the Red Sea , and surprisingly cooperate with another predatory fish , the grouper , which is also normally a solitary predator .
This is the first example of coordinated hunting seen in fish , and the first known instance of cooperative hunting between species seen outside humans , researchers said .
The giant moray eel is as thick as a man 's thigh and can grow up to nearly 10 feet long .
It normally lurks through crevices in coral reefs at night to corner victims in their holes , meaning the best way to avoid these hunters is to swim into open water .
On the other hand , groupers normally hunt in the open water during the day , meaning the best way to avoid them is to hide in coral reefs .
Behavioral ecologist Redouan Bshary from the University of Neuchâtel in Switzerland was following groupers to collect information on so - called " cleaner fish " that enter the mouth of predators to eat parasites .
" When I first saw a grouper shaking its head in the face of a moray , I thought two top predators were about to fight each other , " Bshary said .
" So I was very surprised when they swam off together side by side . "
Bshary and his colleagues followed fish around by snorkeling .
They found groupers often visited giant morays resting in their crevices and rapidly shook their heads an inch or so from the eels to recruit them in a joint hunt .
At times this call took place after a grouper failed in its hunt because prey escaped into a crevice the grouper could not get into but a giant moray might .
If the moray emerged , the grouper guided the eel to a crevice where prey was hiding .
Groupers sometimes even performed a headstand and shook its head over a prey hiding place to attract moray eels to the site .
At times the moray ate the fish it rooted out , while at other times the grouper did .
[ Video ]
Before this , coordinated hunting was only seen in mammals and birds .
In addition , until now the only other examples of cooperative hunting between species were seen with humans and dogs or humans and dolphins , Bshary said .
The researchers are uncertain whether this cooperation is an innate or learned behavior , although currently Bshary suspects it is learned because there is considerable variation in levels of it between individuals , especially in morays , " which may reflect personal experience . "
They plan to study whether this cooperation is local to the area they studied or whether it is widespread in the Red Sea .
" The most important implication is that there are still so many surprises to be discovered in coral reefs , " Bshary said .
Bshary and his colleagues reported their findings in the December issue of the journal Public Library of Science Biology .
Monday , 06 Apr , 2009 Offbeat
According to a report , the popular Brazilian soap operas led to a reduction of birthrate by 3 million .
They also caused an increase in the number divorces .
Today the soap operas filmed in Brazil are the main feature of the TV Globo network , which extended telenovelas throughout the country .
The report was developed for the Inter - American Development Bank .
It states that Brazilian soap operas increased the number of marriage break - ups .
Besides the rate of childbirth registered a significant fall , especially in areas where people for the first time are receiving the signal coming from TV Globo .
Researchers carried out their study of the population data stretching back to 1971 to find that the number of babies born in Brazil decreased by about 3 million and 800,000 couples decided to get divorced .
" We find that exposure to modern lifestyles as portrayed on television , to emancipated women 's roles , and to a critique of traditional values , was associated with increases in the share of separated and divorced woman across Brazil 's municipal areas , " outlined that author of the report .
The report also says that women living in the areas that receive the Globo signal have a considerably lower level of fertility .
It is worth mentioning that TV Globo has a serious influence on the Brazilian population .
The network decides when certain soccer matches should take place and its costumes have a powerful influence of design and fashion in the country .
In addition , soap operas ' plot lines were the main weapon that influenced the result of elections .
However , recent results of the study that proves the influence of telenovelas on the intimate way of life will shock Brazilians .
According to Maria Immacolata Lopes , who works as the coordinator of the Telenovela Centre at USP , which is one of the country 's leading universities , the study is the first to have been carried out on such a wide scale .
One of its led researchers , Alberto Chong , mentioned that the reason why soap operas had such an effect on the population was the " aspirational ethos " of the telenovelas , which mainly represent Brasilia 's upper levels .
In Brazilian soap operas actors are whiter , richer and have a better education than the biggest part of the country 's 190 million population .
In case one of the female characters in a soap opera got divorced , the rate of divorces in Brazil increased by about 0,1 percent .
Areas that receive the signal from Globo registered a reduction of childbirths by 0,6 percent , which means millions of babies in two decades .
It is no doubt that the reaction of TV Globo to the study was rather aggressive .
The network said that it undervalued the intelligence of its viewers .
Globo's spokesman stated that the soaps ' portrayal of divorce and smaller families was not the cause of a decrease in divorces and the number of childbirth ; it represents the trends of the time .
" Our dramas are attuned to the questions being asked in society .
While we do n't doubt the novelas make people think , we do n't believe they influence their opinions or choices , " said Luis Erlanger , who holds the position of the network 's communications director .
In response to Mr. Erlanger 's statement , Mr. Chong focused on the fact that the chances of a family naming their new - born baby after one of the characters in a soap opera were much higher in regions where the telenovelas were broadcast .
" Novelas in Brazil take on a greater importance than a simple drama because they move people .
But the novela is above all a reflection of society .
It feeds off what is exposed in day to day life and recreates a fictional version , " outlined Mauro Alencar , who wrote several books about the genre .
Television also had its negative impact on a number of other countries like India .
According to international studies , the pregnancy rates in the country registered a significant fall after people got acknowledged with cable television .
In addition , television led a fall in enrollment in education .
Less social activities were recorded in Indonesia , after viewers got a clearer television signal .
We ’re all pretty stoked , as usual , for the welcome return of Doctor Who this year , but the shorter season is really throwing the spotlight on the individual episodes , kicking off with this Saturday ’s season opener , ‘ Planet Of The Dead ’ – our last Doctor Who fix until Christmas !
We ’ve been writing a lot about this episode – where David Tennant ’s Doctor teams up with Michelle Ryan to confront two new alien species on a dangerous desert planet – and rumours about it have been rife .
A couple of weeks ago , we were lucky enough to chat with James Strong , the director of Planet Of The Dead , and he was kind enough to set us straight about one or two matters …
Just to clear up one matter that made the news – there ’s still a London bus in ‘ Planet Of The Dead ’ , is n’t there ?
There ’s very much a bus !
It ’s alive and kicking in our episode .
‘ Bad news ’ stories obviously make much better coverage than good news stories .
The truth of the matter is that there was damage done to the bus , which was a major prop in the episode , on its journey to Dubai .
The original intention was actually to damage the bus , but when it was looked into , it was too difficult .
Logistically we were going to need a bus in Dubai and a bus in Wales , to film .
To damage one bus absolutely identically to another one is a rather complicated thing to do .
So we decided that while it would have been nice to have a completely damaged bus both ends , we decided that we could n’t do that .
The damage that was done to it was a lot less than what was reported , and it only took about ten minutes of re-jigging the script to sort it out .
I know , the name of this article might sound like a course you took in college .
And it a way , its meant to be .
This article serves as an introduction to the geoscience field .
More commonly known as Earth Science , this field is an all - encompassing catch - all for sciences relating to the study of the Earth .
At the very root of it , is the desire to explain how the various systems on the planet operate .
Pulling from other sciences like physics , chemistry and mathematics , geoscience seeks to explain how everything from how the atmosphere works , how our planetary weather system works , to what makes volcanoes explode .
There are several fields that fall under the geoscience , or Earth Science , umbrella .
They are :
Geology
Physical Geography
Geophysics
Soil Science
Oceanography
Glaciology
Atmospheric Science
Students and practitioners of geoscience apply the scientific method to their study of the earth .
By observing natural earth events and taking measurements of data , they formulate hypotheses on the functions of the various earth systems .
Continue reading →
Tom Woods ’ new book Meltdown is currently # 4 on the Amazon Nonfiction Bestseller list and will enter the NY Times Bestseller list this weekend at # 15 .
Tom provides a readable account of Hayekian macro and uses that framework to explain the current economic boom and bust .
I ’ve gone back and looked , and I found I was blogging about the Fed created artificial boom in 2004 and 2005 , noting the artificially low Fed interest rate and the massive misdirection of capital into the housing and mortgage industries .
I began flagging the Hayekian bust already in 2007 , which was clearly evident by that date in Orange County , CA in the mortgage , housing , and construction industries .
All of this was perhaps easier to see here in the OC , the birthplace of the subprime industry , ground zero of the housing bubble and the foreclosure bust , and the home of the OC Register which did an excellent job covered it all .
And the boom and bust did n’t just happen in the paper , it happened on my street , it happened to friends and co-workers , and it happened to family members , sucked up and spit out by the mortgage industry , the real estate industry , the financial industry , and housing bubble itself .
All of it brought to you by Alan Greenspan and the Federal Reserve , and some very bad regulatory regimes pushed by the Congress and the President .
If you ’re looking for a book explaining what just happened , let me recommend Tom Woods ’ Meltdown .
UPDATE :
Two more homes just went into foreclosure on my very short cul de sac .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A controversial auction of mime artist Marcel Marceau 's belongings has raised almost 500,000 euros ( £ 439,500 ) .
The proceeds of the two - day Paris sale are being used to clear the debts Marceau accrued funding his show in the years before he died in 2007 .
Among more than 900 lots auctioned were Marceau 's trademark white sailor - suit and battered silk opera hat .
Some items were bought by a group of fans who wanted his belongings put in a museum to preserve his legacy .
Marceau rose to prominence after World War II A petition in support of their project gathered more than 3,000 signatures , including those of many entertainment personalities .
But art expert Morgane Communal told the BBC that Marceau fans had nothing to worry about .
" It 's not really a shame about the sale because the French state has bought some of the works , and people who can't afford to buy anything will be able to see his stuff in museums , " he said .
" He wo n't be forgotten - quite the contrary . "
A top hat and its single red flower worn by Marceau sold for 3,201 euros , while his white sailor - suit with striped shirt and jacket fetched 5,700 euros .
' Surreal ' mind Marceau , who was 84 when he died , is credited with reviving the art of mime with a cast of characters including Bip the Clown .
His career began after World War II , when he toured his mime act all over Europe and the US .
His paintings reflect for me the madness of his mind
Yvan Boascher
Friend of Marceau
But towards the end of his life he racked up steep debts to finance his show .
His family say that auctioning off all his possessions was the only way they could pay back the money he owed .
Auctioneer Rodolphe Tessier said nothing was done about his debts during his lifetime so the sale was brought about by a court order .
" It 's not the usual auction here that would have been requested by his heirs , " he said .
" That 's why , exceptionally , we have the entire collection of Mr Marceau 's belongings .
So at the same time it is unfortunate and exceptionally rare . "
As well as his costumes , Marceau 's paintings are also up for auction .
Yvan Boascher , a friend of Marceau , says his drawings reveal how his off - stage personality was very similar how he appeared on stage .
" His paintings reflect for me the madness of his mind , whatever was going on in his head was not classical .
He was surreal , " he said .
The two - day sale is due to end on Wednesday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
2009 NBA Mock Draft Version 1.0
With the NBA Draft Lottery behind us , we now know the exact order of the first 14 picks .
The Los Angeles Clippers hit paydirt when they won the right to draft Oklahoma forward Blake Griffin with the first overall pick .
The Grizzlies moved up from # 6 to # 2 , and the Thunder moved up one spot to pick # 3 .
The big losers Tuesday night were Sacramento and Washington , who had the best and second - best shot at the top pick , but instead fell to # 4 and # 5 , respectively .
Mock drafts are tough for me because I ’m usually thinking about what teams should do instead of trying to predict what they will do .
This mock will be more predictive , but if I disagree with a selection , I ’ll say so .
Over the next few weeks , I ’ll update this mock to jive with the latest news from around the league .
It ’s still very early in the process so things are very fluid .
One mock has a player going # 11 while another may have him going # 29 .
I ’m just going to make picks for the first fourteen slots on the first go - round and then provide the picks of a few different mocks that I respect for # 15 -#30 , along with a short writeup for each team .
# 1 LOS ANGELES CLIPPERS
Even Mike Dunleavy can’t screw this one up .
Barring something obscenely out of the blue , Oklahoma ’s Blake Griffin will be the first overall pick .
The Clippers could use a power forward to replace Elton Brand , and Griffin is the only “ sure thing ” in this draft .
He ’s strong , skilled and athletic , and he has an improving offensive game .
He has star written all over him .
Pick : Griffin , PF
# 2 MEMPHIS GRIZZLIES
The Grizzlies were reportedly one of the few teams more interested in UConn ’s 7 ’ 3 ” center Hasheem Thabeet than they were in Blake Griffin .
The Grizzlies already have 7 ’ 1 ” Marc Gasol , so Thabeet would n’t fill a need like Jordan Hill , Ricky Rubio or Brandon Jennings would ( assuming the team is n’t sold on Hakim Warrick or Mike Conley ) , but Thabeet has the potential to become a dominant defensive center along the lines of Dikembe Mutombo .
But will he be willing to put the work in to become an effective post player ?
Pick : Thabeet , C
# 3 OKLAHOMA CITY THUNDER
If the Grizzlies pass on Thabeet , the Thunder might very well snatch him up .
They need a center and he fits the bill .
But if he ’s off the board ( or even if he ’s available ) , the Thunder might look for a point guard .
Russell Westbbrook is better off the ball and OKC is set at small forward with Kevin Durant and in pretty good shape at power forward with Jeff Green .
Here ’s where I have trouble taking the general manager cap off – I ’m not sold on Ricky Rubio as a star in the NBA .
He ’s a terrific passer and has a great feel for the game , but his jumper needs a lot of work .
He ’s drawing comparisons to Steve Nash and Pete Maravich , but he ca n’t put the ball in the hole like those guys could .
Still , at just 17 , he went toe to toe with Chris Paul and Deron Williams at the 2008 Olympics , and CP3 gave him a thumbs up , so the Thunder might very well pick him here .
Pick : Rubio , PG
# 4 SACRAMENTO KINGS
The Kings have a lot of holes to fill .
They really could use an upgrade at every position other than shooting guard , where Kevin Martin holds down the proverbial fort .
Beno Udrih turned out to be a mistake , so the Kings could very well go with a point guard like Brandon Jennings ( or Rubio , if available ) .
Thabeet is also an option if he slips .
Arizona ’s Jordan
Hill is a nice prospect , but the Kings already have Jason Thompson at PF and he played pretty well in his rookie season .
More and more , it ’s becoming a guard ’s league , so if Jennings or Rubio ( or even UCLA ’s Jrue Holliday , who they are reportedly high on ) are available , the Kings will probably pull the trigger .
Pick : Jennings , PG
#5 WASHINGTON WIZARDS
Ah , the Wizards .
If management is set on moving forward with the trio of Gilbert Arenas , Caron Butler and Antawn Jamison , they could use an upgrade at off guard and center .
It ’s hard to tell if Nick Young is going to be a starter or is better suited to come off the bench , so Arizona State ’s James Harden is a possibility .
He ’s polished and NBA - ready , but he disappeared at times in the NCAA tournament and that ’s worrisome .
Still , defenses wo n’t be able to focus on him with Arenas , Butler and Jamison spreading the court , and he has shown great ability to score in space and finish at the rim .
Jordan
Hill is another option , but I think the Wizards can get by with Brendan Haywood , Andray Blatche and JaVale McGee up front .
Pick : Harden , SG
#6 MINNESOTA TIMBERWOLVES
The T - Wolves are set up front with Kevin Love at power forward and Al Jefferson at center , and have serious needs elsewhere , so Jordan Hill may continue to slip .
All of the point guards – Brandon Jennings , Jrue Holliday , Ty Lawson , Jonny Flynn – are possibilities , as are James Harden , DeMar DeRozan and Tyreke Evans .
The key is what the T - Wolves think they have in Randy Foye .
He ’s a tweener but seems better suited to be an off guard .
Even so , he ’s been a little disappointing in his young career .
I think Lawson is the most polished point guard in the draft , but the T - Wolves might go with the versatility of DeRozan , who has great athleticism and upside ( and can play both off guard and small forward ) .
Pick : DeRozan , GF
# 7 GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS
The Warriors do n’t really know if Monta Ellis can run the point , so one of the point guards is a possibility here .
The Warriors seem to be in pretty good shape up front with Andris Biedrins , Brandan Wright and Anthony Randolph , so Jordan Hill does n’t seem like a great fit .
The Warriors are going to have to replace Stephen Jackson eventually , so how about Memphis ’ Tyreke Evans ?
Pick : Evans , SG
#8 NEW YORK KNICKS
The word is that the Knicks love Curry , either for what he brings to the table in Mike D’Antoni ’s up - tempo system , or because he increases ( however slightly ) the chances that LeBron James signs with the Knicks next summer .
( LeBron and Curry are good friends . )
Some scouts say he ’s not even a first round talent , but he can shoot the lights out and is a decent playmaker .
He ’s especially effective in the pick and roll , but his roles in college and the NBA will be very different , so it will take him some time to adjust .
Let ’s go with Curry until we hear otherwise .
Pick : Curry , G
#9 TORONTO RAPTORS
Right now , I ’m projecting Jordan
Hill to be available at # 9 and if so , there ’s a good chance that Toronto will draft him .
He ’s raw , but he ’s a good rebounder and defender , and has a lot of upside .
The Raptors might see the departure of Chris Bosh on the horizon and draft Hill as his replacement .
They also need a shooting guard , but it would be tough to pass on Hill here .
Pick : Hill , PF
# 10 MILWAUKEE BUCKS
I grew up watching Sidney Moncrief and Bob Lanier , so I ’m a Bucks fan through and through .
I really hope they plan on keeping Ramon Sessions this offseason , because I think he has all the tools to become a top 10 point guard in the NBA .
That said , the Bucks should be looking at the wing or frontcourt with this pick , because Charlie Villanueva may not be back .
DeJuan Blair is reportedly looking slimmer and more explosive , but the Bucks had a very bad experience with Robert Traylor , who lost a ton of weight before the draft then proceeded to pack it back on .
Traylor averaged 16.2 points and 10.1 rebounds in his sophomore year at Michigan , while Blair averaged 15.7 points and 12.3 rebounds in five fewer minutes per game .
The Bucks could use his toughness , but I ’m really worried about Blair turning into Traylor , Jr. Ty Lawson would be a great pick if the Bucks plan to let Sessions walk .
Pick : Blair , PF
# 11 NEW JERSEY NETS
The Nets are set at point guard ( Devin Harris ) and center ( Brook Lopez ) .
Everything else is fair game .
Earl Clark is a versatile forward , Gerald Henderson is a super athletic off guard with an improving jumper and James Johnson is a good all - around forward .
Johnson seems like the best fit for New Jersey , who has needs at both forward positions .
DeJuan Blair is a possibility as well .
Pick : Johnson , F
# 12 CHARLOTTE BOBCATS
Charlotte ’s biggest need is at off guard and the super - athletic Gerald Henderson seems like a nice fit .
He ’s a streaky scorer , but when he ’s on , he ’s on .
Larry Brown will like his on - the - ball defense and he should be able to play right away .
Pick : Henderson , SG
# 13 INDIANA PACERS
The Pacers need athleticism up front , but there are n’t too many guys that fit the bill .
Indiana is building around Danny Granger ( and Danny Granger only ) , so any other position is fair game .
The Pacers have two solid point guards in Jarrett Jack and T.J. Ford , but they should grab Ty Lawson here .
He ’s a proven winner , lightning quick , and should make a very good pro .
I just think he ’s the best player available .
Pick : Lawson , PG
# 14 PHOENIX SUNS
With Steve Nash ’s career winding down , the Suns should start thinking about his replacement .
There are a ton of point guards that could be available here : Ty Lawson , Jonny Flynn , Eric Maynor , Jrue Holliday and Jeff Teague .
The Suns could also go with a sharpshooting wing to help space the court for Nash , Shaq and Amare Stoudemire in the short term , so Wayne Ellington and Chase Budinger are possibilities .
I find it doubtful that the Suns will find someone here who can start right away , so Flynn seems like the best available choice .
He showed great toughness and vision in the Big East Championship .
Pick : Flynn , PG
# 15 DETROIT PISTONS
This pick has more to do with the Pistons ’ plans for free agency than with trying to find a star to build around .
They seem set at guard and small forward with Rodney Stuckey , Rip Hamilton and Tayshaun Prince , but none of those players are untouchable .
NBADraft.net : Tyreke Evans , G
DraftExpress : Terrence Williams , GF
ESPN : Austin Daye , F
# 16 CHICAGO BULLS
The Bulls are in pretty good shape personnel - wise , so they can afford to take the best available player and not draft for need .
They could use a low - post scorer or potentially an off guard to replace Ben Gordon , who is likely to sign elsewhere .
NBADraft.net : James Johnson , F
DraftExpress : James Johnson , F
ESPN : DeJuan Blair , PF
# 17 PHILADELPHIA 76ERS
With free agent Andre Miller getting long in the tooth , the Sixers are very likely to take the best point guard available here .
I think Lawson would be a coup .
Given the uncertainty around Ricky Rubio and Brandon Jennings , Lawson could very well turn out to be the best point guard to come out of this draft .
Eric Maynor , Jrue Holliday , Patty Mills and Jeff Teague are other possibilities .
NBADraft.net : Ty Lawson , PG
DraftExpress : Eric Maynor , PG
ESPN : Eric Maynor , PG
# 18 MINNESOTA TIMBERWOLVES
( FROM HEAT )
Again , even though Al Jefferson is n’t really a center , I think the T - Wolves are set up front with Jefferson and Kevin Love , so they ’ll probably be looking for more help in the backcourt and on the wing .
NBADraft.net : Patrick Mills , PG
DraftExpress : Jrue Holliday , G
ESPN : B.J. Mullins , C
# 19 ATLANTA HAWKS
With free agent Mike Bibby getting older and Acie Law not panning out , the Hawks biggest need is at point guard .
Even if they re-sign Bibby for another year or two , it would be wise to find his eventual replacement , assuming the franchise does n’t think Law is the heir apparent .
NBADraft.net : B.J. Mullins , C
DraftExpress : Jeff Teague , PG
ESPN : Jeff Teague , PG
# 20 UTAH JAZZ
There is a lot of uncertainty surrounding the Jazz these days .
Carlos Boozer , Mehmet Okur and Kyle Korver could all leave via free agency this summer , but one thing ’s for sure – the Jazz seem determined to retain Paul Millsap .
They could use a center if Okur bolts or maybe a small forward to eventually replace Andrei Kirilenko .
They figure to lose either Boozer or Millsap , so a backup PF is also an option .
NBADraft.net : DeJuan Blair , PF
DraftExpress : Austin Daye , F
ESPN : Tyler Hansbrough , PF
# 21 NEW ORLEANS HORNETS
The Hornets need wings and a replacement for Tyson Chandler if they trade him in a salary dump this summer .
Shooting guard seems to be the top priority , so Wayne Ellington , Chase Budinger or Sam Young ( who may be the Josh Howard of this draft ) are possibilities .
NBADraft.net : Gani Lawal , PF
DraftExpress : B.J. Mullins C
ESPN : Terrence Williams , GF
# 22 DALLAS MAVERICKS
The Mavs probably need to think point guard to ( eventually ? ) replace Jason Kidd .
Jeff
Teague is a lot like Jason
Terry in that he ’s more of a scorer and not a natural playmaker .
If the Mavs are still building around Dirk Nowitzki and Josh Howard , then they could use help in the backcourt and at center .
NBADraft.net : Jeff Teague , PG
DraftExpress : Chase Budinger , GF
ESPN : Ty Lawson , PG
# 23 SACRAMENTO KINGS ( FROM ROCKETS )
Again , the Kings have all sorts of holes , so the direction they go here will likely depend on who they draft at # 4 .
NBADraft.net : Omri Casspi , SF
DraftExpress : Nick Calathes , PG
ESPN : Nick Calathes , PG
# 24 PORTLAND TRAILBLAZERS
Jerryd Bayless does n’t seem like a true point guard , so Kevin Pritchard might elect to go with the pass - first Collison to set up the Blazers ’ shooters .
He can also play good on - the - ball defense .
NBADraft.net : Jrue Holliday , G
DraftExpress : Gani Lawal , PF
ESPN : Darren Collison , PG
# 25 OKLAHOMA CITY THUNDER ( FROM SPURS )
If the Thunder end up with a point guard at # 3 , then they will likely look to the front court with this pick .
Jeff Green is improving , but he ’s not a sure - thing to be a starter - caliber PF on a playoff team , so the Thunder may look for some insurance .
There is n’t much in the way of talent at the center position this late in the draft .
NBADraft.net : Tyler Hansbrough , PF
DraftExpress : Sam Young , SF
ESPN : Gani Lawal , PF
# 26 CHICAGO BULLS ( FROM NUGGETS )
Do n’t be surprised if the Bulls package this pick with # 16 to try to move up into the lottery and grab more of an impact player .
The Bulls need quality players , not bodies .
NBADraft.net : Taj Gibson , PF
DraftExpress : Marcus Thornton , SG
ESPN : Toney Douglass , SG
# 27 MEMPHIS GRIZZLIES ( FROM MAGIC )
If the Grizzlies do take Thabeet at # 2 , do n’t be surprised if they go power forward or point guard here .
Do they feel better about Mike Conley or Hakim Warrick ?
That question might be answered by the position they draft here .
NBADraft.net : Derrick Brown , SF
DraftExpress : Tyler Hansbrough , PF
ESPN : Chase Budinger , GF
# 28 MINNESOTA TIMBERWOLVES
( FROM CELTICS )
With three first round picks , do n’t be surprised if the T - Wolves do some wheeling and dealing on draft day .
If Minnesota goes with a good wing like DeRozan at # 6 , they could package this pick with # 18 to move up and try to land Ty Lawson or Jonny Flynn in the early teens .
Patty Mills seems like a good fit here if he ’s available and the T - Wolves have n’t already drafted a point guard .
He ’s a great shooter who could space the court for Al Jefferson down low .
NBADraft.net : Terrence Williams , GF
DraftExpress : Darren Collison , PG
ESPN : Patty Mills , PG
# 29 LOS ANGELES LAKERS
Lamar Odom and Trevor Ariza are both going to be free agents this summer , so the Lakers biggest need is probably at SF , unless Jordan Farmar is n’t the future at the point .
If the Lakers can get Sam Young here , it would be a coup .
He ’s NBA ready .
NBADraft.net : Sam Young , SF
DraftExpress : Wayne Ellington , GF
ESPN : DaJuan Summers , SF
#30 CLEVELAND CAVALIERS
The Cavs ’ frontcourt is a little more unsettled than the backcourt .
Ben Wallace , Anderson Varejao and Zydrunas Ilgauskas could all be in the final year of their contracts next season .
That said , there is n’t much in the way of size this late in the draft .
The Cavs could go international and let the player develop overseas for a year or two before bringing him over .
NBADraft.net : DaJuan Summers , SF
DraftExpress : Patrick Mills , PG
ESPN : Sam Young , SF
PrairieMod is opening soon
New website is in the works .
Share the news
Tweet
Advertisements
Something interesting is happening in the Republican Party right now .
When it comes to the Supreme Court nomination of Sonia Sotomayor , GOP senators are n’t following Rush Limbaugh .
Instead of trashing Sotomayor , they have shown signs that there wo n’t be a war over this nomination .
It looks like even Rush ’s power has its limits .
For two days now Limbaugh has been calling the nominee a racist and a bigot .
Here is the audio of today ’s attack :
Advertisements
However , the conservative Senate Republican response to Sotomayor has been very different .
The threshold for getting their support is her need to demonstrate that she will render her opinions objectively .
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said of Sotomayor , “ Senate Republicans will treat Judge Sotomayor fairly .
But we will thoroughly examine her record to ensure she understands that the role of a jurist in our democracy is to apply the law even - handedly , despite their own feelings or personal or political preferences .
Our Democratic colleagues have often remarked that the Senate is not a ‘ rubber stamp . ’
Accordingly , we trust they will ensure there is adequate time to prepare for this nomination , and a full and fair opportunity to question the nominee and debate her qualifications . ”
Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R - UT ) said , “ I will focus on determining whether Judge Sotomayor is committed to deciding cases based only on the law as made by the people and their elected representatives , not on personal feelings or politics .
I look forward to a fair and thorough process . ”
Sen. James Inhofe ( R - OK ) said , “ Without doubt , Judge Sotomayor ’s personal life story is truly inspiring .
I congratulate her on being nominated .
As the U.S. Senate begins the confirmation process , I look forward to looking closer at her recent rulings and her judicial philosophy .
Of primary concern to me is whether or not Judge Sotomayor follows the proper role of judges and refrains from legislating from the bench . ”
What we are seeing are the limits of Limbaugh ’s power in the GOP .
He is trying his best to derail that Sotomayor nomination , but Senate Republicans are treating him like background noise .
The reason is that they understand the political implications of trying to block this nomination .
The GOP as a whole needs to get Hispanic voters back into their column .
Opposing Sotomayor for any reason other than judicial philosophy would be a disaster .
Since Rush Limbaugh operates in his own little bubble , he faces no consequences for his positions .
The result of his insulation is that he does n’t get the big picture .
The political reality at work here is that the Republicans do n’t have the votes to block Sotomayor , so saying no just for the sake of it carries the possible heavy electoral consequence of further alienation of Hispanic voters .
What we are learning is that Limbaugh does have power within the GOP , but even his power has limits .
A majority of Senate Republicans will probably end up voting against her , but they are n’t going to do it because Rush Limbaugh said so .
JG Ballard is Dead
" JG Ballard Autoeroticizes Liz Taylor " by David Russell Talbott
JG Ballard just died of cancer .
He was 78 , which is old as fuck for a writer , so cheers .
Once , over one summer , I read five JG Ballard novels back to back .
The summer was hot as an infection -- a sweltering nightmare of road exhaust , girls in clinging cotton dresses traveling in packs to salsa bars to dance all night long alone and with each other , reptiles in dreadlocks striving to end the war in Iraq by selling weed in coffee shops , and me still refusing to drive a car or ride a bicycle , walking everywhere , walking all around Austin for hours on end , thinking about food and sex and shelter , thinking about beauty and time , but mostly thinking about you people .
Readers .
Trying not to hate you .
I found a copy of Ballard 's " The Unlimited Dream Company " in a bin at a used bookstore .
It was a strange copy of the book : it had a cellophane cover , as if some librarian got ahold of it first and taped it up to preserve it from grubby , children 's fingers .
Or so you could wipe the semen off with a wet rag if you needed to .
I bought it for the title , along with a copy of Malcolm Lowry 's " Under the Volcano . "
After I finished " The Unlimited Dream Company , " I went on a Ballard hunt all over town , searching for more , finding only a few titles in all of Austin 's anemic little bookshops .
I went on a Ballard binge because his books clipped me like a train 's cowcatcher , and I felt myself swept to the side , useless to art , extraneous to his project , " a hated reader , " and I did n't want to feel that way .
His books made me want to grow into something else other than a consumer of literature .
Reading Ballard was like reading a book written by a horde of insects .
His conceits carried the same view of humanity : as food , as mechanism , as fear , need , and blood .
His books put me into a fever - state .
While reading Ballard , I found myself frequently sporting a massive and uncomfortable erection , even though you could n't really call his books porn , and I could not pinpoint a single sexually exciting paragraph or section , nor could I get behind any of his clear perversions .
But here was a pervert who opened up possibilities for thought and fantasy .
If he could , you could .
He was a granter of evil permissions .
He stripped sex into mechanical components , into fuel , grotesquerie , and pain .
Nothing about his work was appealing , except for the careful precision of the prose , the strength of the rage behind the catalog of horrors , and the bold power of his apocalyptic allegory .
He was talking about modern life , using direct sentences to convey oblique and dangerous metaphors in a way that simultaneously captured the vagaries of existence as a demented hot - blooded sex - fiend and as a cold - hearted , hate - filled iconoclast .
If you were well - adjusted , his books made you feel like an alien .
If you were an alien , his books made you feel like an alien from hell .
If you were an alien from hell , you probably had souls to torture , and did n't have time to read .
Success !
You were where you were supposed to be in Ballard 's universe .
He was putting words down on a page with the economy and thrift of a war surgeon , and he wrote entire novels to carve new space in your mind , new holes for new worms .
It would be neat to call Ballard a science fiction writer so that we could raise up science fiction somehow , or place him somewhere in the " speculative canon . "
But Ballard was not playing the genre game , nor the literature game .
In fact , was he even writing fiction ?
More like , he was using fiction as a tool to write something else ; some kind of extended parable about how dead matter is animated by corruption and mutant seed .
He was experimenting , but not to be liked or to impress people with how intelligent or peculiar he was .
He was experimenting with the inseminating power of the printed word , injecting concrete , pistons , and dead landscapes with the seed of human evil .
In order to understand the modern world , he made the modern world into a tragic tyrant -- an ultimately pathetic sadist that claimed lives and sanity as tribute , a sadist who could be mocked , feared , and loved at the same time .*** Anyway , now Ballard is dead .
You should read " High - Rise " and " Concrete Island " because they are tough nuggets of fiction - gristle that will wake you up to the possibilities of story - as - object .
He establishes a concept and he carries through with it , deliberately ignoring every narrative choice that a humanist would make .
I especially like " Concrete Island " : a man lives like a castaway on a highway median after a car - wreck strands him there and no one notices .
Here is a perfect concept .
Yet , Ballard 's execution is all fucking wrong : it is brutal , efficient , and numbing where it should be deadpan and pithy .
You should read " Crash , " too .
You wo n't like it .
How can you actually like a work of fiction that is trying to hurt you ?
You wo n't find any happy , sensible people clutching " Crash " to their hearts with their favorite pages lovingly dog-eared .
Instead , " Crash " -- a story about a man who becomes sexually obsessed with another man who is sexually obsessed with killing Elizabeth Taylor in a head - on collision -- will jolt you and make you pause and consider : do I want to write stories so that people will like me ?
Or do I want to express myself no matter what the cost ?
If you read " Crash , " you will see what the cost can be .
You will either become a braver writer or an angrier one .
If you locked Brett Easton Ellis , William Burroughs , and James Ballard in a single stone prison cell with nothing but a blanket and a bucket for waste , you would come back in a year to find Burroughs has hung himself with the blanket , Ellis has gone mad , and Ballard is standing there calmly , smiling at you , drawing still - life portraits on the wall with Ellis ' feces and Burroughs ' snapped - off femur .
Ballard , for all his faults as a storyteller , had motherfucking eggs .
If he 's in hell now , he 'll be fine .
Ballard 's got lots of other books , too , besides his controversial ones .
I 've never read " Empire of the Sun " and I 've never seen the movie , but supposedly it is autobiographical , and it must be in some way heartwarming because Spielberg made a movie out of it in the eighties .
Ballard also published many , many short stories , some of which I guess must have been " science fiction , " since that 's how everybody seems to know him : as a transgressive speculative fiction writer .
Instead , he seems more like a brain - stem - accident victim who taught himself to think again using " science fiction " books who then proceeded to write romance novels .
Somebody with a cut corpus collosum who has a contract to write Sweet Valley High books .
I 'm going to end with one of Ballard 's most famous short stories , one that is not " science fiction " at all .
He wrote this one in 1967 , when a young actor from California named Ronald Reagan was trying to get the Republican nomination for President .
Some " situationists " got ahold of it and distributed the story ( in pamphlet form ) at the Republican National Convention .
The myth is that many of the people who ended up with a copy decided that it was an actual scientific study , and so maybe it helped a certain political candidate out when he ran again in 1980 .
What I am suggesting is that Ballard is accidentally responsible for the election of Ronald Reagan , the subsequent rise of the Christian right in America , the end of the Cold War , and the rise of the telegenic fascist .
It probably took him an afternoon .*** WHY I WANT TO FUCK RONALD REAGAN [ 1967 ] by JG BallardRONALD REAGAN AND THE CONCEPTUAL AUTO DISASTER .
Numerous studies have been conducted upon patients in terminal paresis ( GPI ) , placing Reagan in a series of simulated auto crashes , e.g. multiple pileups , head - on collisions , motorcade attacks ( fantasies of Presidential assassinations remained a continuing preoccupation , subject showing a marked polymorphic fixation on windshields and rear trunk assemblies ) .
Powerful erotic fantasies of an anal - sadistic surrounded the image of the Presidential contender .
Subjects were required to construct the optimum auto disaster victim by placing a replica of Reagan 's head on the unretouched photographs of crash fatalities .
In 82 % of cases massive rear - end collisions were selected with a preference for expressed fecal matter and rectal hemorrhages .
Further tests were conducted to define the optimum model - year .
These indicate that a three year model lapse with child victims provide the maximum audience excitation ( confirmed by manufacturers ' studies of the optimum auto disaster ) .
It is hoped to construct a rectal modulous of Reagan and the auto disaster of maximized audience arousal .
Motion picture studies of Ronald Reagan reveal characteristic patterns of facial tones and musculature associated with homoerotic behavior .
The continuing tension of buccal sphincters and the recessive tongue role tally with earlier studies of facial rigidity ( cf. , Adolf Hitler , Nixon ) .
Slow - motion cine films of campaign speeches exercised a marked erotic effect upon an audience of spastic children .
Even with mature adults the verbal material was found to have a minimal effect , as demonstrated by substitution of an edited tape giving diametrically opposed opinions ... INCIDENCE OF ORGASMS IN FANTASIES OF SEXUAL INTERCOURSE WITH RONALD REAGAN .
Patients were provided with assembly kit photographs of sexual partners during intercourse .
In each case Reagan 's face was super imposed upon the original partner .
Vaginal intercourse with " Reagan " proved uniformly disappointing , producing orgasm in 2 % of subjects .
Axillary , buccal , navel , aural , and orbital modes produced proximal erections .
The preferred mode of entry overwhelmingly proved to be the rectal .
After a preliminary course in anatomy it was found that the caecum and transverse colon also provided excellent sites for excitation .
In an extreme 12 % of cases , the simulated anus of post - costolomy surgery generated spontaneous orgasm in 98 % of penetrations .
Multiple - track cine - films were constructed of " Reagan " in intercourse during ( a ) campaign speeches , ( b ) rear - end auto collisions with one and three year model changes , ( c ) with rear exhaust assemblies ... SEXUAL FANTASIES IN CONNECTION WITH RONALD REAGAN .
The genitalia of the Presidential contender exercised a continuing fascination .
A series of imaginary genitalia were constructed using ( a ) the mouth parts of Jacqueline Kennedy , ( b ) a Cadillac , ( c ) the assembly kit prepuce of President Johnson ... In 89 % of cases , the constructed genitalia generated a high incidence of self - induced orgasm .
Tests indicate the masturbatory nature of the Presidential contender 's posture .
Dolls consisting of plastic models of Reagan 's alternate genitalia were found to have a disturbing effect on deprived children .
REAGAN'S HAIRSTYLE .
Studies were conducted on the marked fascination exercised by the Presidential contender 's hairstyle .
65 % of male subjects made positive connections between the hairstyle and their own pubic hair .
A series of optimum hairstyles were constructed .
THE CONCEPTUAL ROLE OF REAGAN .
Fragments of Reagan 's cinetized postures were used in the construction of model psychodramas in which the Reagan - figure played the role of husband , doctor , insurance salesman , marriage counselor , etc .
The failure of these roles to express any meaning reveals the nonfunctional character of Reagan .
Reagan 's success therefore indicates society 's periodic need to re-conceptualize its political leaders .
Reagan thus appears as a series of posture concepts , basic equations which reformulate the roles of aggression and anality .
Reagan 's personality .
The profound anality of the Presidential contender may be expected to dominate the United States in the coming years .
By contrast the late JFK remained the prototype of the oral subject , usually conceived in pre-pubertal terms .
In further studies sadistic psychopaths were given the task of devising sex fantasies involving Reagan .
Results confirm the probability of Presidential figures being perceived primarily in genital terms ; the face of LB Johnson is clearly genital in significant appearance -- the nasal prepuce , scrotal jaw , etc .
Faces were seen as either circumcised ( JFK , Khrushchev ) or uncircumcised ( LBJ , Adenauer ) .
In assembly - kit tests Reagan 's face was uniformly perceived as a penile erection .
Patients were encouraged to devise the optimum sex - death of Ronald Reagan .*** See how the man worked ?
Ballard was the problem and the cure .
He 's a bad , ugly drug with hooks , and you should take him .
The Stanley Cup Playoffs are now entering the second round of action , which means there are now 8 teams left in the running , instead of 16 .
This makes the arduous task of highlighting the sexy girls of each team a bit more palatable .
Thus , we now present the Stanley Cup of Girls .
We ’ll let the real hockey sites cover the teams and players , while we cover the ladies .
The rules are pretty simple , we will use the 20 hottest photos we can find for each team , regardless of whether they are Ice Girls , fans , models , or WAGs .
Each banner below links to a post which contains the photos from that match - up , along with a poll to vote for your winner .
This is going to work a bit like American Idol , in that your votes will mean absolutely nothing .
The teams that advance will be the teams that are victorious in the actual games .
A load of crap , I know , but that is the way the NHL does it .
Blame Gary Bettman .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
March 31 , 2009
In the video here , the former Clintonite Dick Morris , who is now a darling of Fox News , tells Sean Hannity the globalists will put the “ American economy under international regulation ” and “ those people who have been yelling , oh , the UN is going to take over … they ’ve been crazy , but now they ’re right . ”
Former Clintonite Dick Morris declares “ those people who have been yelling , oh , the UN is going to take over … they ’ve been crazy , but now they ’re right . ”
“ Those conspiracy people , ” Sean Hannity interjects , “ had suggested that for years … you ’re not wrong . ”
It ’s the “ international regulation of the financial institutions ” we have to worry about , warns Dick Morris .
It will happen under “ IMF control … Remember , the IMF is run by the Europeans and backed by Americans . ”
It ’s too bad Mr. Morris did n’t give us the rest of the story .
The IMF is a loan sharking operation created by the bankers under the Bretton Woods scheme and its primary purpose to date has been to get third world nations into hock so they can be more effectively looted .
It is now poised , as Morris eludes , to embark on a far more ambitious bankster scam — to initiate something called “ global quantitative easing ” by printing billions of dollars worth of a global “ super - currency , ” deceptively billed as a way to address the economic crisis manufactured by the global elite .
“ Alistair Darling and senior figures in the US Treasury have been encouraging the Fund to issue hundreds of billions of dollars worth of so - called Special Drawing Rights ( SDRs ) in the coming months as part of its campaign to prevent the recession from turning into a global depression , ” the Telegraph reported on March 16 .
SDRs are now based on four currencies — the US dollar , the Japanese yen , the euro and the British pound .
They are used largely as a unit of account by the IMF and other international organizations .
Read between the lines and you get to the bottom of the real reason for the issuance of SDRs — to push for a world currency .
Recall a few days ago Zhou Xiaochuan , China ’s central bank ’s governor , calling for the IMF to forge a new world reserve currency .
[ efoods ]
China demands a settlement system between the SDRs and other currencies so that they can be used in international trade and financial transactions .
The IMF would manage these SDRs and they would gradually replace existing reserve currencies .
As envisioned by our rulers , a world “ super - currency ” will ultimately require a world government .
Morris blames the Europeans for this and he is only partially right — it is a scam long ago devised by international bankers primarily based in Europe and Britain and backed , as Morris admits , by the American financial elite .
The issuance of paper SDRs “ would please the plutocratic international bankers ” to no end , writes Robert Bradshaw , and this “ move would allow them a golden opportunity to print fiat paper money in huge quantities to flood the world .
We can be sure that the fat cats [ the bankers ] would love to have a new paper world currency in their greedy little hands .
Since they already control the IMF and most world central banks , such a new global currency would definitely fit into their plans for world rule . ”
It is hardly surprising that SDRs and world currency will be on the agenda at the G20 this week .
The globalist George Soros has urged Obama to push the SDR agenda and has warned that if a world currency is not established and the global economy collapses ( as planned ) the United States “ shall cease to be the dominant financial power ” and “ China is liable to come up ahead . ”
Soros is merely running a time - tested shell game in an effort to get the U.S. to pony up for what will ultimately be its demise , again as planned .
China is the model to be used for our totalitarian future .
Dick Morris and the disinfo operative Sean Hannity may indeed be alarmed by this obvious push for world government .
It is interesting to note that Hannity has only lately come around to the existence of the New World Order — formerly in the realm of crazy conspiracy theories — now that Obama is in the White House and the Democrats in control of Congress .
Hannity and Morris are simply reading from a provided script .
Point is , the New World Order wants you to know what they have in mind for you .
It tickles them to give you a preview of things to come now that the New Savior is in office and enjoying high popularity — a one world government with a high - tech control grid overlay designed to usher in a brave new world of hellish serfdom and eventually the dream of our eugenicist rulers : a mass culling of the herd who are considered little more than useless eaters .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Modern software is built on top of piles of third - party components .
The holy grail of reusable code has manifested in the form of an open source ecosystem .
That said , in a startup , you rarely have time to audit the third - party components you use .
These third - party components might be ridiculous enough to call abort ( ) on error .
It may sound scary , but with a fixed amount of work , you can turn these calls into reported structured exceptions .
Unfortunately , the Visual C++ Runtime provides several functions that abnormally terminate the process without running our crash handlers .
As a bonus , they usually include user - incomprehensible dialog boxes .
Let 's see :
abort ( )
" pure virtual " method calls
throwing an exception from a destructor during unwind
stack buffer overflow ( with / GS enabled )
standard C++ library index / iterator error with checked iterators enabled
Since you can never prove that you 've implemented crash reporting for every way a third - party component can bypass your crash reporting , I 'm just going to cover the ones we 've implemented :
abort ( )
Result of calling abort ( )
Turning abort ( ) into a structured exception is pretty straightforward .
A quick read of the CRT source shows that abort ( ) runs SIGABRT 's installed signal handler .
It 's easy enough to install a custom handler that raises a structured exception :
void __cdecl onSignalAbort ( int code ) { //
It 's possible that this signal handler will get called twice // in a single execution of the application .
( On multiple threads , // for example . )
Since raise ( ) resets the signal handler , put it back .
signal ( SIGABRT , onSignalAbort ) ; RaiseException ( EXC_SIGNAL_ABORT , 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; } ... // at program start : signal ( SIGABRT , onSignalAbort ) ;
" Pure Virtual " Method Calls
Pure virtual function call
Ever see a program fail with that useless " pure virtual function call " error message ?
This happens when a base class 's constructor tries to call a pure virtual method implemented by a derived class .
Since base class constructors run before derived class constructors , the compiler fills the vtable for the derived class with references to _purecall , a function normally defined by the CRT.
_purecall ( ) aborts the process , sidestepping our crash reporting .
Code might better elucidate this situation :
struct Base ; void foo( Base* b ) ; struct Base { Base ( ) { foo( this ) ; } virtual void pure ( ) = 0 ; } ; struct Derived : public Base { void pure ( ) { } } ; void foo( Base* b) { b-> pure ( ) ; } Derived d ; // boom
The fix is simple : just define a _purecall that shadows the CRT implementation :
int __cdecl _purecall ( ) { RaiseException ( EXC_PURE_CALL , 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; return 0 ; }
Throwing an Exception from a Destructor During Unwind
C++ is aggressive about making sure you do n't throw an exception while another exception is in the air .
If you do , its default behavior is to terminate your process .
From MSDN : If a matching handler is still not found , or if an exception occurs while unwinding , but before the handler gets control , the predefined run-time function terminate is called .
If an exception occurs after throwing the exception , but before the unwind begins , terminate is called .
To convert calls to terminate ( ) ( and unexpected ( ) , for completeness ) into structured exceptions , override the terminate handler with set_terminate ( and set_unexpected ) :
void onTerminate ( ) { RaiseException ( EXC_TERMINATE , 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; } void onUnexpected ( ) { RaiseException( EXC_UNEXPECTED , 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; } // at program start : set_terminate ( onTerminate ) ; set_unexpected ( onUnexpected ) ;
Standard C++ Library Index / Iterator Error with Checked Iterators Enabled
The IMVU client is compiled with _SECURE_SCL enabled .
Increased reliability from knowing exactly where failures occur is more important than the very minor performance hit of validating all iterator accesses .
There are two ways to convert invalid iterator uses into reported exceptions .
The easiest is compiling with _SECURE_SCL_THROWS=1 .
Otherwise , just install your own invalid_parameter handler with _set_invalid_parameter_handler .
Stack Buffer Overflow ( with / GS enabled )
By default , Visual C++ generates code that detects and reports stack buffer overruns .
This prevents a common class of application security holes .
Unfortunately , the stock implementation of this feature does not allow you to install your own handler , which means you can't report any buffer overruns .
Again , we can shadow a CRT function to handle these failures .
From C : \Program Files \Microsoft Visual Studio 8\VC\crt\src\gs_report.c , copy the __report_gsfailure function into your application .
( You did install the CRT source , did n't you ? )
Instead of calling UnhandledExceptionFilter at the bottom of __report_gsfailure , call your own last - chance handler or write a minidump .
Testing Crash Reporting
Writing tests for the above reporting mechanisms is super fun .
Take everything you 're told not to do and implement it .
I recommend adding these crashes to your UI somewhere so you can directly observe what happens when they occur in your application .
Here is our crash menu :
Crash Menu
These types of failures are rare , but when we hit them , I 'm glad we implemented this reporting .
Summary : Amazon 's new e-book reader offers print - level readability and shines for reading fiction , but it has awkward interaction design and poor support for non-linear content .
The new version of Kindle , Amazon.com 's dedicated e-book device , recently shipped with an improved display and various other upgrades .
It now provides good usability for reading linear fiction ( mainly novels ) , though it 's less usable for other reading tasks .
As an experiment , I bought two copies of the same book : a trade paperback and a Kindle download .
Alternating for each chapter , I read half the book in print and half on the Kindle screen .
My reading speed was exactly the same ( less than 0.5 % difference ) , measured in words per minute .
Of course , one person reading one book is not a proper measurement study .
So I can't say for sure that Kindle has finally reached the nirvana of equal readability for screens and paper .
( Update : a bigger study found that the Kindle 2's reading speed was still slightly slower than printed books , though much better than old studies used to find for computer - based reading . )
When I was carrying Kindle through the house , I felt like a Star Trek character with a datapad .
But when I actually sat down to read the novel , I became so engrossed in the story that I forgot I was reading from an electronic device .
This fact alone is high praise for the device designers .
( See sidebar for analysis of Kindle 's Out - of - Box Experience : unwrapping and " installing " the device . )
Awkward Interaction Design
Kindle shines in one area of interaction design : turning the page is extremely easy and convenient .
This one command has two buttons ( on either side of the device ) .
Paging backwards is a less common action , but it's also nicely supported with a separate , smaller button .
The device thus offers good support for the task of linear reading — appropriately so , as Kindle 's design is centered on this one use case .
While reading , your only interaction is to repeatedly press the next - page button .
Anything else is awkward .
Most Kindle interactions are mediated by a small joystick called the 5 - way , which lets you move the cursor in 4 directions ; pressing down enables the fifth action .
Repeatedly flicking the 5 - way to move the cursor around the screen is extremely tedious .
It does n't feel like direct manipulation at all .
The 5 - way owns the cursor , not you , and getting the cursor where you want it requires a lot of work .
Interacting through the Kindle 5 - way feels much like many mid-level smartphone user interfaces , though the 5 - way is worse than a BlackBerry mini-trackball .
Furthermore , Kindle is slow .
Every time you enter a command , it ponders the situation before acting .
Even turning the page takes slightly longer than it should , and all other actions are definitely sluggish .
In short : Awkward pointing + slow reaction = a bad user experience that discourages people from exploring and attempting different tasks .
Poor Design for Non-Linear Content
Let 's say you want to see The Wall St. Journal 's articles on technology .
Where would you click in this screenshot ?
Everybody I 've asked said they 'd click " Technology " to see that section 's articles .
False .
That click takes you only to the section 's first article .
To see the section 's list of articles , you have to click the number in parentheses that indicates the number of stories .
In this case , " ( 16 ) . "
Intuitive ?
No way .
In fact , after two weeks , I still make the mistake of doing the only natural thing : I click a section 's name to see a list of articles .
( If Kindle were a touchscreen device or a mouse - driven UI , I 'd further complain about the Fitts ' Law implications of using the smallest click target for the most important choice .
However , the 5 - way controller makes it equally easy to pick a small or a big target ; indeed , this is its only redeeming quality .
Even so , it 's still bad GUI design to make the most important commands tiny and thus reduce their visual emphasis . )
The usability problem with non-linear content is crucial because it indicates a deeper issue : Kindle 's user experience is dominated by the book metaphor .
The idea that you 'd want to start on a section 's first page makes sense for a book because most are based on linear exposition .
Unfortunately , this is untrue for many other content collections , including newspapers , magazines , and even some non-fiction books such as travel guides , encyclopedias , and cookbooks .
So , the design decisions that make Kindle good for reading novels ( and linear non-fiction ) make it a bad device for reading non-linear content .
Sure , Amazon designers could fix simple UI stupidities , such as the interaction design for a newspaper ToC .
But doing so would simply apply a band - aid .
To truly optimize the non-linear user experience , they'd have to completely reconceptualize the Kindle design .
Kindle Reader on iPhone
Amazon also provides an iPhone application that can display Kindle - format e-books .
In my testing , the iPhone had 6 % slower reading speed than Kindle 2 .
( As with the comparison of Kindle and print , this measurement is based on too little data to be conclusive .
It 's a first estimate , pending a bigger study which would be a great topic for a Master 's thesis .
Hint , hint . )
One reason it takes more time to read a book with the iPhone than with Kindle 2 is the time spent turning pages .
When using my preferred font sizes , reading on the iPhone requires 21 % more page turns than reading on Kindle 2 .
With the iPhone application 's default font size — which I find a bit too big — iPhone requires 100 % more page turns than Kindle 2 .
The iPhone 's page turns are also more awkward because it has no dedicated button for this purpose .
To turn the page , you swipe a finger across the touch screen ; this takes more time than simply pressing the button that your thumb is likely resting on .
Rather than requiring an entire gesture to turn the page , it would have been preferable to have users simply tap the screen .
( In fact , the competing Stanza book - reader application uses a tap to forward one screenfull . )
Just because you can use gestures on iPhone , does n't mean you should .
The swiping gesture is the iPhone 's generic command for scrolling and forwarding , and supporting it lets users transfer learning from other apps .
Still , it 's reasonable for a dedicated book - reader application to also support an accelerator shortcut ; after all , when reading a book , next page , please is the command that users enter more than 90 % of the time .
( Accelerators are one of the top - 10 software heuristics . )
The Kindle iPhone app is clearly a rush job that violates many application usability guidelines .
For example , a slider moves users through a book rapidly , in multiple - page chunks .
Very well , but without dynamic feedback , users can't tell where they are in the book while they 're moving the slider .
Page numbers are probably meaningless , but dynamic feedback could come in the form of chapter and section headings , or at least by showing the first line of text on pages corresponding to the slider 's current position .
Help is nothing more than a link to an Amazon.com
Web page that 's optimized for PC display , thus violating a key guideline for designing good mobile user interfaces .
Would it have been too much to hire a writer for a week to create a dedicated set of user assistance docs that display within the application itself ?
The Kindle iPhone app displays pages with fully justified text ( that is , flush left and right ) .
This reduces legibility slightly , particularly for the small telephone screen 's narrow columns .
Stanza uses left - justified text only , which is a better choice .
Cross -Device Integration
Even though version 1.0 of the Kindle iPhone app has poor usability , it shines in its integration with Kindle and with the Amazon.com website .
This is one of the first good examples of supporting multiple computers , and using wireless connectivity to do so .
You can buy a book on the website using your desktop computer and its superior browsing usability .
You can then read the book on Kindle 2 at home or on your iPhone in the dentist 's waiting room .
In fact , you can alternate between reading the same book on the two devices ; they 'll automatically coordinate so that you pick up the book on one screen in the same position where you left it on the other screen .
Much has been made of a user 's ability to buy books directly on the Kindle .
However , buying books on a full - featured PC with the full Amazon.com site is much easier ; I think they should simply eliminate Kindle 's keyboard and use that space to make the screen bigger .
Still , Amazon deserves praise for the smooth integration between buying on the PC and reading your purchase on Kindle .
Assuming you 're in the U.S. and have wireless coverage all it takes is one click on the PC , and the book shows up on your Kindle without any special installation .
Electronic Books : Good or Bad Idea ?
11 years ago , I wrote that electronic books were a bad idea .
Has Kindle 2 changed my mind ?
Yes .
The two factors that convinced me were ( a ) equal - to - print readability and ( b ) multi - device integration .
I now think there 's some benefit to having an information appliance that 's specialized for reading fiction and linear non-fiction books that do n't depend on illustrations and do n't require readers to refer back and forth between sections .
For people who travel or commute using public transportation , e-books can be useful for a few reasons :
There 's less weight to schlep around ( carrying 10 books on one device would have been particularly nice during my recent trip around the Serengeti , where we were allowed only 22 pounds of luggage for a two - week safari ) .
No dirty fingers from newsprint .
It 's easier to turn pages while riding a crowded train or bus .
Being able to synch with an iPhone extends the usefulness scenarios .
If you 're waiting in the doctor 's office , for example , and do n't have your dedicated device , you can pull out your phone and make use of otherwise wasted time .
Multi - device reading is one area where Kindle is better than reality :
It does something a printed book can't do .
In addition to travelers and commuters , a second big user group will be old people and others with reduced vision .
Big fonts are Kindle 's other better - than - reality feature .
( For more on this , see the sidebar , " Accessibility and Speech Synthesis . " )
For people who are just reading a book at home , however , print will do just fine .
For linear reading , Kindle offers no advantages and , for nonlinear content , has many disadvantages — so why pay $ 189 more ?
Next Week : Kindle Content
Stay tuned for next week 's column about how to write non-book content — such as newspapers and magazines — for Kindle .
Other updates :
The history of PC gaming can be neatly split into two eras .
Everything from 1993 onwards we can class as the Modern Age , in which the PC is established as a games platform in its own right .
( We can pinpoint 1993 based on the fact that before that year the number of PC games that have survived into posterity drops off precipitously . )
Everything before 1993 could be termed the Dark Age , a period shrouded in mystery , when there was no internet nor any dedicated PC gaming magazines , and when the " IBM compatible " was seen as just another home computer format among many ( and as far as the UK was concerned , one that was both technically inferior to and several times more expensive than the riotously popular Commodore Amiga and Atari ST ) .
Thanks to this combination of factors most modern gamers are unfamiliar with the PC 's formative years , having only joined the party in the mid-1990s after sound cards and CD - ROM drives had become standard features and the likes of LucasArts , Origin , Bullfrog and Westwood had started churning out big - budget blockbusters .
While these big - name studios played a role in the PC 's reinvention , most of the credit for realising the PC 's true potential as a games platform came from a very different scene .
The OLC “ torture memos ” : thoughts from a dissenter
By Philip Zelikow
I first gained access to the OLC memos and learned details about CIA ’s program for high - value detainees shortly after the set of opinions were issued in May 2005 .
I did so as Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ’s policy representative to the NSC Deputies Committee on these and other intelligence / terrorism issues .
In the State Department , Secretary Rice and her Legal Adviser , John Bellinger , were then the only other individuals briefed on these details .
In compliance with the security agreements I have signed , I have never discussed or disclosed any substantive details about the program until the classified information has been released .
Having been the executive director of the 9/11 Commission , I ’m aware of what some of these captives did .
The Commission wondered how captives were questioned ( for details on that , see this previously disclosed report ) , and the matter is now the subject of a federal criminal investigation by special prosecutor John Durham .
Nonetheless , the evidence against most — if not all — of the high - value detainees remains damning .
But the issue is not about who or what they are .
It is about who or what we are .
Based on what had earlier been released , I have offered some general views on " Legal Policy for a Twilight War . "
With the release of these OLC memos , I can add three more sets of comments , each of which could be developed at much greater length .
1 . The focus on water - boarding misses the main point of the program .
Which is that it was a program .
Unlike the image of using intense physical coercion as a quick , desperate expedient , the program developed " interrogation plans " to disorient , abuse , dehumanize , and torment individuals over time .
The plan employed the combined , cumulative use of many techniques of medically - monitored physical coercion .
Before getting to water - boarding , the captive had already been stripped naked , shackled to ceiling chains keeping him standing so he cannot fall asleep for extended periods , hosed periodically with cold water , slapped around , jammed into boxes , etc. etc .
Sleep deprivation is most important .
2 . Measuring the value of such methods should be done professionally and morally before turning to lawyers .
A professional analysis would not simply ask : Did they tell us important information ?
Congress is apparently now preparing to parse the various claims on this score — and that would be quite valuable .
But the argument that they gave us vital information , which readers can see deployed in the memos just as they were deployed to reassure an uneasy president , is based on a fallacy .
The real question is :
What is the unique value of these methods ?
For this analysis , the administration had the benefit of past U.S. government treatment of high - value detainees in its own history ( especially World War II and Vietnam ) and substantial , painful lessons from sympathetic foreign governments .
By 2005 , the Bush administration also had the benefit of what amounted to a double - blind study it had inadvertently conducted , comparing methods that had evolved in Iraq ( different Geneva - based rules , different kinds of teams ) and the methods the CIA had developed , with both sets being used to against hardened killers .
Opponents should not overstate their side either .
Had a serious analysis been conducted beforehand ( it apparently was not ) , my rough guess is that it might have found that physical coercion can break people faster , with some tradeoff in degraded and less reliable results .
Which underscores the importance of moral analysis .
There is an elementary distinction , too often lost , between the moral ( and policy ) question — " What should we do ? " — and the legal question : " What can we do ? "
We live in a policy world too inclined to turn lawyers into surrogate priests granting a form of absolution .
" The lawyers say it ’s OK . "
Well , not really .
They say it might be legal .
They do n’t know about OK .
3 . The legal opinions have grave weaknesses .
Weakest of all is the May 30 opinion , just because it had to get over the lowest standard — " cruel , inhuman , or degrading " in Article 16 of the Convention Against Torture .
That standard was also being codified in the bill Senator John McCain was fighting to pass .
It is also found in Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions , a standard that the Supreme Court ruled in 2006 does apply to these prisoners .
Violation of Common Article 3 is a war crime under federal law ( 18 U.S.C. section 2441 ) , a felony punishable by up to life imprisonment .
( The OLC opinions do not discuss this law because in 2005 the administration also denied the applicability of Common Article 3 . )
The OLC holds , rightly , that the United States complies with the international standard if it complies with the comparable body of constitutional prohibitions in U.S. law ( the 5th , 8th , and 14th Amendments ) .
Many years earlier , I had worked in that area of the law .
I believed that the OLC opinions ( especially the May 30 one ) presented the U.S. government with a distorted rendering of relevant U.S. law .
At the time , in 2005 , I circulated an opposing view of the legal reasoning .
My bureaucratic position , as counselor to the secretary of state , did n’t entitle me to offer a legal opinion .
But I felt obliged to put an alternative view in front of my colleagues at other agencies , warning them that other lawyers ( and judges ) might find the OLC views unsustainable .
My colleagues were entitled to ignore my views .
They did more than that : The White House attempted to collect and destroy all copies of my memo .
I expect that one or two are still at least in the State Department ’s archives .
Stated in a shorthand way , mainly for the benefit of other specialists who work these issues , my main concerns were :
the case law on the " shocks the conscience " standard for interrogations would proscribe the CIA ’s methods ;
the OLC memo basically ignored standard 8th Amendment " conditions of confinement " analysis ( long incorporated into the 5th amendment as a matter of substantive due process and thus applicable to detentions like these ) .
That case law would regard the conditions of confinement in the CIA facilities as unlawful .
the use of a balancing test to measure constitutional validity ( national security gain vs. harm to individuals ) is lawful for some techniques , but other kinds of cruel treatment should be barred categorically under U.S. law — whatever the alleged gain .
The underlying absurdity of the administration ’s position can be summarized this way .
Once you get to a substantive compliance analysis for " cruel , inhuman , and degrading " you get the position that the substantive standard is the same as it is in analogous U.S. constitutional law .
So the OLC must argue , in effect , that the methods and the conditions of confinement in the CIA program could constitutionally be inflicted on American citizens in a county jail .
In other words , Americans in any town of this country could constitutionally be hung from the ceiling naked , sleep deprived , water - boarded , and all the rest — if the alleged national security justification was compelling .
I did not believe our federal courts could reasonably be expected to agree with such a reading of the Constitution .
Nick Clegg has a hinterland .
After Sir Menzies Campbell ’s abrupt departure as leader of the Liberal Democrats in October 2007 , the sudden front - runner left his buzzing Westminster office for his family home , where he found his young son had rather different priorities .
“ My head was spinning and I thought , ‘ What am I going to do next ? ’ , ” Clegg tells me .
“ And my four - year - old , the only thing he cared about was he wanted me to find his leopard – he had this little spotted leopard – and I spent half an hour looking under the sofa , in every box , drawer , under the bed , to find this leopard . ”
Clegg ’s aides say that the 42 - year - old party leader regards time spent with his children – three boys aged seven , five and four months – as “ sacrosanct ” .
It includes taking them to school every morning and tending to the latest arrival in the middle of the night .
As if to prove his 24 - hour schedule , when the New Statesman arrived to join him in standard class on a train to Durham this past week , Clegg was sleeping lightly .
If he is tired , his unusually high profile in recent weeks would also help to explain why .
He has emerged from a damaged Westminster as the reforming politician of the moment , having delivered the fatal blow to the Speaker , Michael Martin .
His party ’s long - held agenda for constitutional change , from electoral reform to an elected upper house , is now being debated in cabinet .
At what point did he decide to become the only party leader to risk a call for the Speaker to stand down ?
“ Quite late , actually , on the Saturday night , before I said what I said on the Sunday morning [ 17 May ] . ”
But that , it seems , was only the start .
Clegg , who repeatedly jabs the train window in frustration , is scathing about our famous legislature .
“ It ’s not the mother of all parliaments ; it ’s a ­eunuch parliament .
It ’s completely bereft of any ability to decide anything for itself .
“ I do n’t think people quite realise that people who are supposed to represent them in parliament are totally usurped by unaccountable , secretive power . . . it is unimaginably unfair , undemocratic and unhealthy . ”
Members of parliament , and not just the Speaker , will have to pay the price .
In the case of the worst offenders , “ They are going to have their day of reckoning in the next few months and , you know , some of them may end up in court . . . for outright fraud , ” he says .
But his attack on the great Westminster scandal does not stop there .
Next on the agenda will be party funding .
“ If we do n’t sort out party funding there is just a scandal waiting to happen . . .
You look at the Conservatives : they blocked the most recent attempts to get a cross-party agreement on party funding reform , yet we do n’t even know how they funded their last election campaign .
We do n’t even know whether [ the Tory deputy chairman ] Michael Ashcroft pays taxes here . ”
Clegg ’s own views on funding are influenced by the proposal made in 2006 by Helena Kennedy , the Labour peer , as part of her wide - ranging report on parliamentary reform for the Power Commission .
This recommended that voters should be allowed to make small contributions to the party of their choice while voting at the polling booth .
Refreshingly optimistic , Clegg draws a crucial distinction between voter “ apathy ” and the reality of alienation .
He thinks the former is just a “ lazy , self - serving myth ” , and offers as evidence the well - attended public meetings he has regularly held since becoming party leader .
“ Four hundred people on a dreary Thursday morning really worked up about stuff , ” he says , is hardly a sign of voter apathy .
Nevertheless , it is true that “ people do n’t believe that mainstream politics is delivering the answers .
And , of course , they believe it even less now that they ’ve seen that the whole political class seems to have its finger in the till . ”
All of which means that “ it really is a sort of change - or - die moment .
You either change and you change very profoundly , or you have , in my view , a series of hammer blows to what little is left of public confidence . ”
Does he believe there may now be a chance for electoral reform , as advocated by the Health Secretary , Alan Johnson ?
“ I ’m not going to hold my breath .
I ’m certainly not going to hold my breath , by the way , with a Labour Party , Labour government , that is clearly on its knees , and losing moral authority by the day .
The problem , of course , is that they ’ve left it so late – they ’ve had 12 years !
– to do the progressive thing . ”
There is a revealing difference in the way Clegg talks about Labour and the Conservatives .
On the former , he exhibits genuine despair at lost opportunities .
“ A lot of people I think , quite understandably – close friends of mine , members of my family feel the same – were so excited in 1997 about the possibility of change . . .
And they kind of stuck with it through thick and thin , and they seem now to be really up for doing something different . ”
Which is why , although he has been criticised by some on the left for targeting Tory votes , he says : “ Our growth is almost all at the cost of Labour , particularly in the urban heartland . . .
The big change at the next general election will be a very significant advance of the Liberal Democrats at the cost of Labour . ”
With David Cameron ’s Tories , meanwhile , the gap is ideological .
“ My frustration with Labour , that they have n’t made this simple progressive case , is matched , I have to say , by my utter , utter dismay at the Tories . ”
The Conservatives ’ stance on Europe leads his list of complaints .
In particular , their decision to leave the main centre - right grouping in the European Parliament and their opposition to EU laws on extradition .
“ I mean , what planet are they on ?
They want to go now into bed with a bunch of serious , serial nutters for a start . . .
And they are now lying to people , saying that they can help them make Britain safer , when they are not going to deal with international criminals . ”
He brushes off comparisons with Cameron – “ people always make characterisations ” – but also goes further than ever in distancing himself from the Tory leader .
“ I am someone who clearly has completely different values to Cameron .
I just maybe see it as so obvious that I do n’t spell it out . . .
You know , I did n’t spend my life hovering around the Westminster village – I ’m a complete newcomer , I only arrived here in 2005 .
He [ Cameron ] was a party apparatchik , I think did some basic PR stuff for a telly company , then was back in politics again .
You know , I worked as a journalist for a while , for two years I managed development aid projects in the former Soviet Union , I was a trade negotiator , and the first time I did my time [ in ] politics was n’t even here , it was as an MEP .
So I think I got a completely different outlook .
We are completely different in where we come from in our constituencies .
And also he clearly has absolutely no feel for the enormity of the task of changing politics – absolutely none at all .
He has n’t even changed the Conservatives . ”
Despite all of this , Clegg repeatedly refuses to rule out a coalition with the Tories in the event of a hung parliament .
“ You ’re asking me to choose between my despair at Labour and my disdain for the Conservatives , ” he says .
Clegg certainly believes Labour ’s time is up .
This is because of an “ identity crisis ” , a void at the heart of the Labour Party , created by the departure of the domineering Tony Blair .
Clegg cites the recent row over Gurkha repatriation , and the government ’s slow response to the problem , in order to make a wider point .
“ I actually think , personally , it ’s indicative of this loss of identity . . .
You know , I think a party secure in its own identity would have reflexes which would kick in much more quickly . ”
“ I think Labour has to go into opposition before it reinvents itself , ” Clegg tells me .
So is he saying Labour will lose ?
“ Yes . ”
But presumably he is n’t saying the Tories will win .
“ No !
Quite the reverse ; I think it is a really exciting time in politics . ”
Then , for the first time on record , he explicitly sets out the extent of his ambitions : “ I mean , look , you ’re probably going to chuckle , but – I mean , I want to be prime minister .
Not out of some weird sort of vanity , but because there is no point in me being leader of my party unless I want to actually get in a position to change stuff .
But I want to change stuff not on the basis of the old rules . ”
Looking back at his time as leader , Clegg admits he had a “ bumpy ” first year , though he has grown into a job widely regarded as one of the hardest in British politics .
Asked about low points , he says “ you get into some cuts and scrapes along the way – probably some interviews which I probably would rather have not done . ”
He is referring to the infamous exchange in GQ magazine , in which Piers Morgan pressed him on how many women he had slept with .
Clegg eventually told him : “ No more than 30 . . . it ’s a lot less than that . ”
He says now : “ It was n’t the greatest time , and also , of course , I realised immediately that everyone could have a good snigger and giggle at my expense . . .
So you learn those things and I ’ve learned it the hard way ! ”
At a market in Durham , Clegg risks the wrath of voters who are furious at politicians over the expenses scandal .
Charlotte Bell , behind the till in a sweet shop , sums up the feeling on the ground : “ It ’s fair to say everybody is pretty fed up with it .
Everybody has to tighten in a recession , to scrimp and save , and now they ’re taking our money . ”
Nobody seems unaware of the scandal .
Carol Whitfield , who runs a sausage stall , says she is “ absolutely appalled .
It ’s thieving , it ’s robbery , it ’s embezzlement .
If I ’d done that , I ’d end up in the county court . ”
Clegg himself , however , goes down well .
And , perhaps surprisingly , people seem to know who he is .
“ That ’s Nick Clegg .
I recognise him , ” says Barbara Hammond .
“ I hope you lot are keeping tabs on his expenses , ” her husband William adds drolly .
Earnest but not humourless , Clegg answers questions with a directness and honesty unusual in a Westminster politician .
And he evidently enjoys escaping London .
Asked to sum up why he is in politics , he pauses .
“ The really simple answer is : to do things differently , ” he says .
“ I really believe that we can be a fairer , a greener , a better country , if we snapped out of the old way of doing things – red , blue , red , blue , blue , red – and that ’s what I believe in and that ’s why I ’m in politics . ”
Additional reporting by Rhiannon Hughes
To see the full transcript of the interview , click here
Government debt swells as choices get harder Economic Analysis Budget choices get harder as federal funds dwindle
President Barack Obama gestures before signing the Credit Card Accountability , Responsibility and Disclosure Act , Friday , May 22 , 2009 , in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington .
( AP Photo / Haraz N. Ghanbari ) less President Barack Obama gestures before signing the Credit Card Accountability , Responsibility and Disclosure Act , Friday , May 22 , 2009 , in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington .
( AP Photo / Haraz N. ... more Photo : Haraz N. Ghanbari , AP Photo : Haraz N. Ghanbari , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Government debt swells as choices get harder 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
This year , the government is borrowing 50 cents of every dollar it spends .
If that were just a blip caused by a historic financial crisis that necessitated a $ 787 billion fiscal stimulus and a $ 700 billion bank rescue in the space of about three months , there would be little cause for concern .
But it is not a blip .
It is a relentless curve of red ink that will , within the decade , take U.S. debt levels to the record reached at the end of World War II , from 40 percent of the nation 's output now to 80 percent , and then rapidly thereafter into the realm of banana republics .
" We are accumulating a massive debt .
We owe about half of that debt to foreigners , including the Chinese and others whose foreign policy is not always well aligned with ours , " said Isabel Sawhill , a former Clinton administration budget official who now co-directs the Center on Children and Families at the Brookings Institution .
" So we are really losing control of our economic destiny and possibly losing control of our foreign policy as well . "
Japan has lost its AAA credit rating , the United Kingdom may soon follow , and there is talk that the United States is headed fast down the same path .
The markets fired a warning shot last week when the Treasury Department announced a huge sale of new debt - $ 162 billion - as part of its financing of the government 's $ 1.8 trillion deficit this year .
That 's as much as the entire government spent just eight years ago .
Within hours , interest rates on U.S. Treasuries shot up .
In recent weeks , the prices of credit default swaps on U.S. government debt - a measure of the risk that the government could do the unthinkable and default - have risen to record levels .
Ambitious plans
The market reactions highlight a growing disconnect between the Obama administration 's ambitious spending plans , including a $ 1.5 trillion overhaul of the nation 's health care system , and the money available to do it .
As if to underline the point , the Social Security and Medicare trustees , who include three Obama Cabinet officials , issued their report saying the finances of the two bedrock social programs are dire .
" We are heading toward very high debt - to - GDP ratios very soon , " said UC Berkeley economist Alan Auerbach .
He said the rise in perceived risk of the federal government going bankrupt is sobering .
As it is , the United States does not even meet the standards for admission to the European Union , because its deficit and debt levels are too high , said Sen.
Judd Gregg , the top Republican on the Senate Budget Committee .
The federal government faces either enormous tax increases or inflation ( regressive taxation in another form ) , to remedy the problem , he said .
" That means people , instead of having money to buy a home , have to send it to the government to pay the interest on the debt , " Gregg , R - N.H. , said in an interview .
" There are no ways around this .
This is not academic .
It 's not theoretical .
It 's real .
The numbers are there . "
The appetite for U.S. debt has remained robust , and Treasurys were viewed as a safe haven amid the financial turmoil last fall .
Budget analysts have been warning about the sorry condition of the county 's finances for years , and nothing happened .
But the United Kingdom credit warning has turned many eyes suddenly to the United States .
" Nothing happens until it does , " said Auerbach .
" People were warning about the housing market and the bubble and nobody seemed to worry about that , and now a lot of us are sorry .
The United States can go on for several more years doing absolutely nothing responsible to get the debt under control and things may be fine , but at some point , and it 's impossible to predict when , people can lose confidence in the U.S. government 's ability to deal with its problem , and things can unravel .
Whether that happens in five years or 10 or even longer , it 's impossible to say . "
The idea that something very bad will happen is now a consensus view among budget experts .
Country at risk
" Our creditors are beginning to ask questions , and it 's only a matter of time before something bad happens , " said Saw - hill .
" None of us can predict exactly when or exactly what , but we know that we 're putting ourselves in very high - risk situation as a country . "
Even House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , the top lieutenant to Speaker Nancy Pelosi , said this month , " If a fiscal meltdown comes , there will be no one to bail out America . "
So far , there is little indication that Washington is taking the issue seriously , other than talking about it .
President Obama said several days ago in announcing $ 17 billion in proposed budget savings that " we can no longer afford to leave the hard choices for the next budget , the next administration or the next generation . "
But $ 17 billion is a grain of sand in the roughly $ 60 trillion in unfunded liabilities the federal government carries .
Obama calls his budget a " new era of responsibility , " but it would add $ 9 trillion to an already unsustainable debt burden over the next decade .
Obama inherited a mess , including the financial crisis .
The Bush administration put everything - wars , tax cuts , Medicare prescription drug benefits - on the national credit card instead of paying for them .
While Obama talks about changing direction , he has not yet done so .
In fact , his plans not only do not fix the problem , they make it worse .
The Congressional Budget Office said the Obama budget will cut taxes by $ 2.1 trillion , most of that by extending most of the Bush tax cuts , and increase spending $ 1.7 trillion over 10 years , resulting in a net increase in interest costs alone of $ 1 trillion .
Obama made some hard choices , but most of these have been shunned or are being watered down by Congress , from trimming tax write - offs for charity to raising revenue by limiting greenhouse gas emissions .
Congress has already raised the price of the administration 's latest supplemental spending bill , adding $ 6.2 billion for military hardware , including C - 17 aircraft that Defense Secretary Robert Gates recommended terminating .
But the larger problem , as in California , is that the public also recoils from spending cuts and tax increases
" It goes back to my days as mayor , " said Sen .
Dianne Feinstein , a California Democrat and former mayor of San Francisco , who noted during an interview in her office Thursday that she is very worried about the situation .
" I would go before a group .
Do you want more police officers ? "
" Yes , " was the firm reply .
" Do you want more firefighters ? "
Yes , again , very firmly .
" Do you want to pay for them ? "
An emphatic no .
" That 's the situation out there , " Feinstein said .
She said she has been saying no to more requests than at any time in her 16 years in the Senate .
Just that morning , she said , the chief justice of the California courts came in asking for money to finish a computerized system to consolidate records so that the criminal justice system would know if an individual had a record of illegal firearms possession , domestic violence , or the like - a program she strongly favors but the state can't afford .
Yet she said no to trying to get federal aid .
Money is n't there
" The requests do n't stop coming , " Feinstein said .
" We 've had over 2,000 earmark requests from counties , from cities , up and down the state .
Local governments are in trouble , they 're looking for money , and everybody comes here , and says , ' Ca n't you do it ? '
And there just is n't the money . "
The story is a microcosm of what will happen with increasing frequency as Medicare starts squeezing out more and more other spending as the Baby Boom retirement gets seriously under way .
Hoyer , D - Md. , has suggested fixing the finances of Social Security before taking on health care reform to send a signal to markets that Washington is serious about its budget problems .
Social Security is a much smaller problem than Medicare , and the proposed fixes are a combination of higher payroll taxes and lower benefits .
Feinstein said she would favor means testing .
But Pelosi and Obama have said no to taking on Social Security and want to proceed instead with health care reform .
They argue - correctly - that it is Medicare and health care costs generally that are driving U.S. finances over a cliff .
The United States spends $ 2.5 trillion a year on health care , more than any other rich nation , and yet has poorer outcomes .
About $ 700 billion is wasted each year .
Health insurance premiums have been rising five times faster than wages for eight years and are bankrupting businesses too .
But there is also widespread skepticism about Obama 's claim that spending more on health care now will somehow fix the budget .
Savings from such things as computerized health records and preventive care will not begin to cover the cost of expanding care to the uninsured .
Nor will higher taxes on the wealthy .
" The administration has been hard - pressed to even find ways to pay for the expansion of health coverage , much less a way to bring down the deficit at the same time , " Sawhill said .
" If you could slow the trajectory on health care spending it would help , but not much in the next decade .
And I 'm not sure we have a decade to fix this problem . "
Day 25
Orchid making a pass at male bees .
Image by Carsten Niehaus .
A warbler getting suckered by a cuckoo chick .
Image by Per H. Olsen .
Brownish , round fungus termite balls , surrounded by termite eggs .
Photo by Kenji Matsuura .
Michelle Marsh is preparing to sleep .
She wears her lingerie and read a book .
Because the wheater is so hot , so she strip her lingerie until t0 pless ..... enjoy it !!
An F - 16C Fighting Falcon performs a very low , Supersonic flyby .
This Viper is going so fastit is insane , flies by in the blink of an eye .
Danish boffins have uncovered an unforeseen , extra downside of the melting of the Arctic ice cap , according to reports .
Not only will there be sea level rises and massive flooding * ; there will also be a plague of enormous , invulnerable , heavily armoured meat - eating cannibal spiders .
The worrying yet exciting news comes courtesy of National Geographic , which has been speaking to top arachno - boffin Toke Høye of Aarhus University .
Høye has spent ten years studying the flesh - eating " wolf " spider Pardosa glacialis which lives in Greenland , north of the Arctic circle .
Disturbingly , the Scandinavian spider specialist reports that over that period the polar arachnids have increased significantly in size - and correspondingly increased the thickness of their exoskeletal armour plates .
In just one warm year , it seems , you can see a 10 per cent increase : and over the decade that Høye has been visiting the Greenland spider colonies there has been a 2 per cent upward trend , which he puts down to global warming .
On its own this is quite bad enough .
We here on the Reg big - game and military tech desk calculate that if the spider - wolves of the Arctic grow by 10 per cent annually ** , in just fifty years they will be the size of Humvees .
But it gets worse : oh yes .
We are n't just looking at a swarming , ravenous horde of hairy meat - eating arachnids the size of offroad vehicles .
That would be easy to deal with , as a well - placed slug from a big - bore rifle would put such a creature down .
Big - game hunters worldwide would rush to Greenland to join in the sport ; every sportsman 's entrance hall would be adorned with enormous spider - head trophies ; wealthy socialite ladies would wear fur coats made of Arctic wolfspider - hair .
By the year 2070 or so , mournful Eskimo trackers would point dolefully across the empty prairies of Greenland , where once the mighty herds of flesh - eating buffalo - sized spiders had roamed - after the glaciers left , but before the hunters came .
So , basically no problem .
But in fact , these spiders are n't going to be nearly as easy to kill as a buffalo or a charging elephant .
A measly .50 - calibre express bullet is n't going to knock one of these puppies down , no sir .
Why ?
Because spiders , as everyone knows , can actually extrude bulletproof - vest material out of their arses :
True fact .
And all their hard body structure is worn on the outside , as an exoskeleton , thus forming a natural coat of armour plate .
Thus when the mighty hordes of four - metre- long spiders appear in 2060 or so , they will - by our calculations - be plated with 26cm arachnocomposite protection , in the same league as or better than modern ceramic body armour but immensely thicker .
They 'll be as hard to take out as a tank .
This wo n't be a jolly day 's sport blasting away with a heavy rifle : nothing short of a hypervelocity depleted - uranium penetrator , a volley of antitank missiles or a huge roadside bomb is going to stop one of these .
Dealing with a spider infestation is going to be like stopping a Nazi panzer blitzkrieg .
It 's always possible that humanity will be saved by radical big - game hunters mounted in battle tanks or attack helicopters - or possibly ones gutsier still , who insist on taking their arachnid trophies on foot using man-portable antitank weapons for ultimate kudos .
But it sounds like an expensive and dangerous hobby .
As the National Geographic points out , we might do better to hope that the spiders ' natural cannibalistic propensities come into play .
Pardosa glacialis are apparently well known for snacking on their young , and ( among the females ) on insufficiently alert sexual partners .
Enormous and correspondingly peckish lady spiders might control most of the rest of their species for us , leaving only relatively small numbers to be occasionally culled by game wardens armed with cruise missiles . ®
* Before you all start going on about floating ice , do please remember that much of the arctic ice cap sits on Greenland .
** Naturally we have n't chosen to use the more realistic 2 per cent per decade figure , as it is boring .
For a young Frenchman , 1939 was a good time to think about alternative realities .
So it was that , on the eve of World War II , 17 - year - old Bernard d'Espagnat first considered the idea that physical reality as it had been studied since the time of Sir Isaac Newton – consisting of measurable objects , light , gravity , and the like – may not be what it seems .
He would spend the next seven decades plumbing the philosophical implications of each new development in physics :
What insights can science reveal about reality ?
About space ?
About time ?
He wrote 20 books , countless papers and articles , and is best known for positing that matter everywhere is entangled in a " veiled reality " that exists beneath time , space , and energy .
The University of Paris - Orsay theoretical physicist and philosopher of science is the 2009 winner of the Templeton Prize , an annual award of $ 1.4 million that " honors a living person who has made an exceptional contribution affirming life 's spiritual dimension , whether through insight , discovery , or practical works . "
The Templeton Foundation announced the award Monday in Paris .
Including Dr. d'Espagnat , five of the past 10 Templeton winners have been physicists or have had strong connections to the discipline .
Other recent winners include a Cambridge University mathematician and an applied math professor at the University of Cape Town in South Africa .
The field of quantum physics was just emerging when d'Espagnat first encountered it before the war .
D'Espagnat 's guide was Louis de Broglie 's " Research on Quantum Theory . "
This winner of the 1929 Nobel Prize suggested that all matter has wavelike qualities , in addition to its more recognizable features , that have little or nothing to do with the human concepts of space and time .
D'Espagnat split the war years between study in Vichy France 's " youth workshops " and forced labor at the hands of Nazis in Vienna .
By war 's end , he was studying at Paris 's Ecole Polytechnique en route to a PhD from the Sorbonne .
During an illustrious career in theoretical physics , he helped advance the theory that a new reality lurks behind matter and other observable phenomena .
Quantum physics is the study of systems at or below the atomic level : atoms , electrons , protons , and subatomic particles .
With its subdiscipline , quantum mechanics , it exploded the basic tenets of classical physics .
For d'Espagnat , quantum physics offered a subtler and perhaps humbler understanding of mankind 's place in the universe than did conventional physics .
He is best known for probing what he calls " veiled reality " : the realm beyond the ken of the visible and detectable , as it appears in glimpses through quantum mechanics .
D'Espagnat 's contribution is most easily explained with reference to a series of famous experiments conducted in France and Switzerland in 1981 - 82 on the polarization of photons .
A photon is a massless elementary particle with no electric charge .
" Polarization " refers to the oscillation of the waves of the photon .
A team of physicists under the French physicist Alain Aspect found that a change in polarization of a photon miles from a separate photon could be detected in both – and it would all happen faster than the speed of light .
This violated a series of principles on the behavior of particles .
For instance , it challenged a basic premise of classical physics :
Nothing can travel faster than the speed of light .
That , at least , would be true if " travel " is the operative word .
" Quantum mechanics introduced another point of view , which consists essentially that the aim of science is not to describe ultimate reality as it really is , " d'Espagnat recounted by phone Friday from Paris .
" Rather , it is to make account of reality as it appears to us , accounting for the limitations of our own mind and our own sensibilities .
" It 's not that science will explain the ultimate reality of certain objects or events , " d'Espagnat said .
" Rather , it is that the concepts we use , such as space , time , causality , and so on , ... are not applicable to ultimate reality . "
In recent decades , d'Espagnat took to popularizing his theories .
In 1979 , he published a widely circulated essay in Scientific American magazine challenging the doctrine of philosophical atomism , which held that objects in the world interact locally .
This was two years before the Aspect experiments .
Last year , he published " Candide and the Physicist , " a book for the lay reader answering 50 essential questions posed by the physician and philosopher Claude Saliceti on time , space , objects , and objectivity .
D'Espagnat , today a professor emeritus at the University of Paris - Orsay , has been a visiting professor in Germany , at the University of Texas at Austin , and at the University of California at Santa Barbara .
He plans to split the money three ways after taxes : one - third for a research foundation , one - third for charitable causes , and the rest for his and his wife 's health needs .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - House Republicans on Wednesday urged President Barack Obama not to close areas off the U.S. Atlantic and Pacific coastlines to oil and natural gas drilling .
Sea ice floats within the 1002 Area of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in this undated handout photo provided by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Alaska Image Library .
REUTERS /HANDOUT/U.S.
Fish and Wildlife Service Alaska Image Library
The Republican lawmakers asked Obama to allow a 5 - year plan proposed at the very end of the Bush administration that would expand offshore drilling to go forward .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar has said he would review the drilling proposal , along with other “ midnight ” Bush regulations .
“ We respectfully urge that you allow the five - year offshore drilling plan to continue because it is vital to our economy , ” the lawmakers , led by House Republican Leader John Boehner , said in a letter to Obama .
“ Our country needs to remain on the path to American energy independence , and we believe this is a critical and achievable goal , ” they said .
The preliminary plan drawn up by the Bush administration would authorize 31 energy exploration lease sales between 2010 and 2015 for tracts along the East Coast and off the coasts of Alaska and California .
Both presidential and congressional bans on drilling in most U.S. waters ended last year .
The lawmakers cited a study that concluded the untapped offshore oil and gas reserves would create more than 160,000 jobs by 2030 and provide the government with $ 1.7 trillion in royalties on the oil and gas drilled .
Obama has said he would be open to expanding offshore drilling areas as part of a comprehensive legislation to address America ’s energy problems .
But he has not provided details on what offshore tracts would be appropriate for energy exploration .
The Interior Department estimates that U.S. coastal waters hold 86 billion barrels of oil and 420 trillion cubic feet of natural gas that have yet to be discovered .
It is possible U.S. offshore areas , which have not been explored in 25 years , could contain more oil and gas .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Police closed Westminster Bridge in London and attempted to contain thousands of Tamil protesters who surrounded parliament last night demanding an immediate ceasefire in Sri Lanka .
One man was rescued after jumping into the Thames .
Four RNLI lifeboats were on standby in the river after reports that demonstrators had threatened to throw themselves off the bridge
Scotland Yard estimated that up to 3,000 people occupied streets around the Houses of Parliament .
Westminster tube station was closed by police .
The demonstration was against the killings in northern Sri Lanka where government forces have encircled the remnants of the separatist Tamil Tigers and thousands of civilians .
The demonstrators went ahead without permission .
Under the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005 , it is an offence to stage an unauthorised demonstration within the vicinity of parliament .
The government has said it is reviewing the law .
The protesters accused the Sri Lankan army of using cluster bombs and killing 5,000 civilians in the past four months .
Large numbers kept up the protest into the early hours .
Witnesses said families , including children , set up tents and refused to be moved .
" The police are not letting anyone through , " one witness , Emma Gritt , said .
" People are setting up tents .
Police have blocked the bridge off . "
A Scotland Yard spokeswoman said there had been no arrests .
She confirmed Westminster Bridge had been closed .
" There 's loose containment , " she said .
" People can leave and join .
Officers are negotiating to find out when it 's going to end . "
Experts believe that the mystery update will record users ' keystrokes
The Conficker worm has started to update infected machines with a mystery package of data .
Computer security firms watching the malicious program noticed that it sprang into life late on 8 April .
The activity on its update system delivered encrypted software to compromised machines .
It is not yet clear what the payload contains .
The Conficker virus variants are thought to be present on millions of PCs around the world .
Spam connection
The updating activity has begun about a week later than expected .
Analysis of the " C " variant of Conficker ( aka Downadup ) revealed that its updating mechanism was due to go live on 1 April .
The belated updates were spotted by researchers for Trend Micro following the arrival of a new file in one of the directories in so - called " honeypot " machines deliberately seeded with Conficker C. Analysis showed that the file had arrived via the peer - to - peer file transfer system that infected machines use to communicate .
In a bid to avoid alerting people to its activity , the update is slowly being trickled across the population of machines harbouring the C variant .
Exact figures for the number of Conficker - infected machines are hard to determine , but the minimum is widely believed to be three million .
COMBATING CONFICKER
Microsoft offers bounty for worm creator Q&A : How do I protect myself ?
Timeline : Conficker virus " The Conficker / Downad P2P communications is now running in full swing , " wrote Ivan Macalintal from Trend Research on the company 's security blog .
Once it arrives on a machine , the package of data randomly checks one of five different websites - MySpace , MSN , eBay , CNN and AOL - to ensure its host still has net access and to confirm the current time and date .
Following this check the data package removes all traces of its installation .
The strong encryption on the payload has , so far , prevented detailed analysis of what it actually does .
However , security experts speculate that it is a " rootkit " that will bury itself deep in Windows in order to steal saleable data such as bank website login details .
Security researchers are continuing to analyse the payload to get a better idea of what it is intended to do .
Symantec said it too had noticed the increased activity of Conficker and its analysis suggested a link with another well - known virus called Waledac .
This malicious program steals sensitive data , turns PCs into spam relays and opens up a backdoor so the machine can be controlled remotely .
The security firm noticed that the update also included an instruction to the worm to remove itself on 3 May , 2009 .
However , the Waledac imposed backdoor on the machine will remain open , so its creators can still control compromised PCs .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What I learned about being rich Saturday , April 18 , 2009 by Dave Winer .
Interesting piece in the NY Times magazine about Twitter and how connectivity is for poor people .
I learned about this when I made enough money in the late 80s to realize what wealth buys -- distance .
Then it took a few years to learn that distance is not what I wanted , in fact I do n't think it 's human to crave distance .
People are built to want to be among others , at least I was .
I bought a house with a 750 foot driveway in the middle of the woods .
My neighbors built houses the size of high schools .
You could n't walk anywhere .
Now I live among humanity , much more modestly and I 'm happier .
So it may be true that connectivity is for the poor , if so , the rich are n't happy .
Hefernan is right to bring this question to Twitter , because it is the struggle it 's going through , as classes emerge .
It wo n't be like other class struggles though , as the rich and powerful strive to make sense of Twitter , they will encounter the contradictions of 21st century decentral communications .
Oprah has n't really come to Twitter yet , it 'll be interesting to see if she ever really does .
An interesting experiment for her , if she ever has alone - time , create an account that is n't attached to her media persona and mingle with the common folk , be one .
It 's got to be the rarest experience for someone so instantly recognizable .
A way to collapse all the distance , to communicate with people who are n't employees , who do n't want anything from you .
Then when she sells the Twitter experience , if that 's what she 's doing , she 'll have some idea what she 's selling .
I have a feeling Oprah could be a good rep for Twitter , but not if she does it from inside her bubble .
Then she 'll miss the whole point .
Its value is not only as a promotion machine , I think -- there 's value elsewhere .
BTW , Paul Boutin reports that the media backlash against Twitter is beginning .
He says it 's fake , but everything about the media is fake , so it 's as real as it gets .
I do n't think too many early adopters will come to their defense when the media turns on them .
I never wanted to help build a network that would be turned over to the mainstream guys .
I heard second - hand that Ev " is n't building a network for Scoble . "
Too bad .
I think someone should .
And someone will .
Scoble is one of the most real and honest and effective evangelists anywhere .
I think Ev will come to regret his snobbery .
At least I hope so .
At breakfast this morning I found a way to explain my feelings about this to my mother who is a regular watcher of the Oprah TV show .
She reads many of the books and uses products Oprah recommends .
My mother was also a strong supporter of Hillary Clinton for President during the primary , and Oprah campaigned for Obama .
I said that 's how I feel about Twitter .
I did n't sign on to help build a network for the big media , just as she had n't supported Oprah so she could use the power to help Obama against Clinton .
That 's why Oprah probably came to regret being so vocal during the campaign , and why Twitter the corporation will probably regret that they took sides here .
A new kind of media is booting up , and Twiitter should have been a leading proponent of it .
Okay if the big media types want to use it , no problem -- but do n't go on their shows and support them over the individual users .
You 're just inviting backlash .
View the forum thread .
Recent stories :
Dave Winer , 53 , pioneered the development of weblogs , syndication ( RSS ) , podcasting , outlining , and web content management software ; former contributing editor at Wired Magazine , research fellow at Harvard Law School , entrepreneur , and investor in web media companies .
A native New Yorker , he received a Master 's in Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin , a Bachelor 's in Mathematics from Tulane University and currently lives in Berkeley , California .
" The protoblogger . " - NY Times .
" The father of modern - day content distribution . " - PC World .
One of BusinessWeek 's 25 Most Influential People on the Web .
" Helped popularize blogging , podcasting and RSS . " - Time .
" The father of blogging and RSS . " - BBC .
" RSS was born in 1997 out of the confluence of Dave Winer 's ' Really Simple Syndication ' technology , used to push out blog updates , and Netscape 's ' Rich Site Summary ' , which allowed users to create custom Netscape home pages with regularly updated data flows . "
- Tim O'Reilly .
http://twitter.com/davewiner
Dave Winer
My most recent trivia on Twitter .
Beautiful Paper Trees by Yuken Teruya
Yuken Teruya made a Creative Paper Trees from Japan constructs intricate paper cuttings from waste materials : toilet paper rolls , shopping bags , newspapers .
His artworks are caught in transitional moments , when a paper bag begins to evolve into a tree or an old copy of the New York Times has sprung roots as a newspaper garden .
SERIES I # 1 vs. #6 NETWORK Friday , May 1 at Boston , 7:30 p.m. VERSUS ( JIP ) , TSN Sunday , May 3 at Boston , 7:30 p.m. VERSUS , TSN Wednesday , May 6 at Carolina , 7:30 p.m. VERSUS ( JIP ) , TSN Friday , May 8 at Carolina , 7:30 p.m. VERSUS ( JIP ) , TSN * Sunday , May 10 at Boston , 7:30 p.m. VERSUS , TSN * Tuesday , May 12 at Carolina , 7:00 p.m. VERSUS , TSN * Thursday , May 14 at Boston , TBD TSN SERIES J # 2 vs. # 4 NETWORK Saturday , May 2 at Washington , 1:00 p.m. NBC , CBC , RDS Monday , May 4 at Washington , 7:00 p.m. VERSUS , CBC , RDS Wednesday , May 6 at Pittsburgh , 7:00 p.m. VERSUS , CBC , RDS Friday , May 8 at Pittsburgh , 7:00 p.m. VERSUS , CBC , RDS * Saturday , May 9 at Washington , 7:00 p.m. VERSUS , CBC , RDS * Monday , May 11 at Pittsburgh , TBD VERSUS , TSN , RDS * Wednesday , May 13 at Washington , 7:00 p.m. VERSUS , CBC , RDS SERIES K # 2 vs. # 8 NETWORK Friday , May 1 at Detroit , 7:00 p.m. VERSUS , CBC Sunday , May 3 at Detroit , 2:00 p.m. NBC , TSN Tuesday , May 5 at Anaheim , 10:30 p.m. VERSUS , TSN Thursday , May 7 at Anaheim , 10:30 p.m. VERSUS , TSN * Sunday , May 10 at Detroit , 5:00 p.m. TSN * Tuesday , May 12 at Anaheim , TBD VERSUS , TSN * Thursday , May 14 at Detroit , TBD VERSUS , TSN SERIES L # 3 vs. # 4 NETWORK Thursday , April 30 at Vancouver , 9:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS Saturday , May 2 at Vancouver , 9:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS Tuesday , May 5 at Chicago , 8:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS Thursday , May 7 at Chicago , 8:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS * Saturday , May 9 at Vancouver , 10:30 p.m CBC , VERSUS * Monday , May 11 at Chicago , 9:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS ( JIP ) * Thursday , May 14 at Vancouver , TBD CBC , VERSUS
Whew .
On to the second round .
After the dismissal of the President 's Trophy winner and two razor - close Game 7 showdowns in the Eastern Conference , the Boston Bruins are the new owners of home ice advantage throughout the playoffs -- as long they are in contention for hockey 's coveted Stanley Cup .
Boston will open up at home against Carolina Friday ( 7:30 p.m. ET ) after the Hurricanes scored two goals in the last 80 seconds of Game 7 in New Jersey Tuesday night .
The other Eastern matchup will feature Sidney Crosby and the Pittsburgh Penguins traveling to visit Alex Ovechkin and the Washington Capitals , who pulled out their own 2 - 1 Game 7 heart - stopper Tuesday .
That series begins Saturday afternoon in D.C. ( 1 p.m. ET ) The matchups in the Western Conference were set Monday night after the No. 8 Anaheim Ducks closed out intrastate rival and top seed San Jose in six , and Chicago 's young Blackhawks did the same six - and - out number on the Flames at the Saddledome .
Anaheim travels to Detroit to open its second - round series Friday ( 7:30 p.m. ET ) in a battle of the last two Stanley Cup championship teams , while Chicago travels to Vancouver to open its conference semifinal series in the second round 's opening game Thursday night at 9 p.m. ET .
Here is the complete schedule for the Eastern and Western conference semifinals :* - if necessary
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 May 30
A Beautiful Trifid
Credit & Copyright : Ed Henry
Explanation :
The beautiful Trifid Nebula is a colorful study in cosmic contrasts .
Also known as M20 , it lies about 5,000 light - years away toward the nebula rich constellation Sagittarius .
A star forming region in the plane of our galaxy , the Trifid illustrates three different types of astronomical nebulae ; red emission nebulae dominated by light emitted by hydrogen atoms , blue reflection nebulae produced by dust reflecting starlight , and dark nebulae where dense dust clouds appear in silhouette .
The bright red emission region , roughly separated into three parts by obscuring , dark dust lanes , lends the Trifid its popular name .
In this gorgeous wide view , the red emission is also juxtaposed with the telltale blue haze of reflection nebulae .
Pillars and jets sculpted by newborn stars , left of the emission nebula 's center , appear in Hubble Space Telescope close - up images of the region .
The Trifid Nebula is about 40 light - years across .
IF you are wondering what the green light is , its a voice recorder for the presentation that was recording , it flashes green when recording and is a solid blue when its on standby .
As for tethering , $ 5 for it , will give you Unlimited .
For the $ 10 for Unlimited MMS , it will be a standalone option for $ 7 / mo and Walkie Talkie for $ 7/mo
Each GlobalWireless device will have a PTT over HSPA ( PTToH as we call it ) which gives walkie talkie that is faster than Bell / MTS / SaskTel 10 - 4 , but not quite as fast as iDEN or QChat PTT .
You can get them together for $ 4 less , aka the $ 10 Package .
There will be a All you can eat package for around $ 99.99 / mo - $ 129.99 / mo , its not decided yet , it will be based on what the other operators drop their prices to .
All handsets will be locked via Subsidy Code , AND software locked .
The great thing about it is that only GlobalWireless will have the second code , that will not be randomly generated .
It will be given out after 12 months into a contract / 12 months of service , or for $ 49.99 one time charge .
There will be no " System Access Fee " or " 911 Fee " with GlobalWireless .
A new look at Smart Cards , they will actually only work on the phone that you activate it on , if you want to switch it to another phone , you would need to do a " Hardware Change " on the upcoming website , or for free over the phone , or at one of our retail locations .
As for our retail locations , there will be no dealers , mainly for the reason Rogers and TELUS pay dealers too much and could save money by cutting them .
The Activation Number is paired with the Smart Card for one time use , once its linked to an account , it cannot be " Re- Activated " again if you end service .
One of the main reasons for not letting people use their own hardware , is that we intergrated many services into the hardware including PTT for easy use .
If a SIM card were to be put into another device , without a Hardware Change , the device would not get service until the change was done .
There is no generic serial number to allow for other hardware , as the IMEI is streamed into a databse of every IMEI that will be sold .
The GSM bands are software locked to Roaming unless you wait the 12 months or pay the $ 49.99 .
Also , what we consider " Unlimited " is 30 GB
Per month .
After that you would only get a call explaining why you should slow down .
*** There was also a lot of handsets not shown here , and another 11 for the 12 months after launch , with a lot of 1 - year exclusives for Canada ***
Advertisements
Rep .
Joe Barton defended his anti-global warming position on C - SPAN today by arguing CO2 , carbon dioxide should not be regulated because it is not a pollutant .
He said that since CO2 is in Coca - Cola it is safe for people and should not be regulated .
Here is the video from Think Progress :
Advertisements
“ I would also point out that CO2 , carbon dioxide , is not a pollutant in any normal definition of the term . …
I am creating it as I talk to you .
It ’s in your Coca - Cola , you ’re Dr. Pepper , your Perrier water .
It is necessary for human life .
It is odorless , colorless , tasteless , does not cause cancer , does not cause asthma .
There is nobody who has ever been admitted to the hospital for CO2 poisoning , so it is not a pollutant . ”
Barton also went on to discuss the theory of climate change , – “ If you think greenhouse gases are bad , life could n’t exist without greenhouse gases . …
So , there is a , there is a climate theory — and it ’s a theory , it ’s not a fact , it ’s never been proven — that increasing concentrations of CO2 in the upper atmosphere somehow interact to trap more heat than the atmosphere would otherwise . ”
Of course Barton ’s argument ignores that nobody is disputing that CO2 is n’t a pollutant .
It is not the CO2 itself that causes the problem .
The climate change occurs based on high concentrations of carbon dioxide , which is something , that the deniers like Barton conveniently ignore .
The high concentrations of CO2 do lead to more pollution , which leads to more people developing conditions like asthma .
The Republicans who deny that climate change is occurring must think that we are all stupid .
Barton earned the nickname “ Smokey Joe ” in 2003 from the Dallas Morning News because he has long been in the back pocket of the nation ’s biggest polluters , and the argument that he is using here is one that might fool a toddler , but most people are smarter than this .
In essence , Barton is trying to change the debate to make it about CO2 instead of CO2 levels .
We — whatever that means now — are more like our enemies than we had imagined .
This weekend , GQ magazine posted a series of cover sheets used on classified Department of Defense daily intelligence updates , which were delivered by Donald Rumsfeld to President Bush in March and April of 2003 .
Collected by journalist Robert Draper , the documents bear an eerie resemblance to the most troubling propaganda of militant Islamists .
They mobilize — in fact , manifestly misuse — passages from the Bible alongside images from the invasion of Iraq at a time when “ shock and awe ” was still a recent enough memory to seem glorious .
In his accompanying article , Draper focuses on the irresponsibility of a defense secretary willing to risk a backlash , which a Pentagon staffer thought “ would be as bad as Abu Ghraib , ” in order to tickle his president ’s piety bone .
But there is another story here as well .
The images , and the Biblical passages chosen to emblazon them , are especially indicative of a long and concerted campaign by that administration to use the language of Christian scripture to sacralize a modern war of aggression .
Some might be tempted to think that such arrogance with the favor of God has faded since 2003 .
As Jeff Sharlet ’s recent expose in Harper ’s ( excerpted at Killing the Buddha ) reveals , it has n’t .
The military plays host to a powerful minority of especially strident Christians , who thrust their beliefs on subordinates entrusted to them and with the help of an ever more conservative chaplaincy corps .
General David Petraeus , the architect of the “ surge ” strategy , faced a scandal just last year when he endorsed an evangelical “ spiritual handbook for military personnel ” by saying it should be “ in every rucksack . ”
The Department of Defense , which still makes discrimination against gays official policy and war against modern - day Saracens its almost - stated mission , has yet to abandon the theocratic culture from which these documents come .
A former Air Force intelligence officer told me that the use of Biblical verses on cover sheets , in his experience , is “ not at all surprising . ”
Many of those privy to such briefings probably would have been Christian , he suspects , and the rest “ knew better than to object . ”
Scriptural Errancy
Those who want to recover their traditions from conflation with errant militarism can begin by correcting some simple misunderstandings that appear in the leaked documents .
It is n’t hard to outdo the Defense Department ’s pitiful exegesis .
Just look at the verses above and below the ones they quote .
If you have to , deploy the Beatitudes .
Give it the chance , and the scriptural support for bellicosity quickly withers .
Take the piece from March 31 .
There ’s an , with words from chapter 6 of the Epistle to the Ephesians , enjoining hearers to “ put on the full armor of God ” and “ stand your ground . ”
( Typos aside , most passages are from the New International Version of the Bible , a popular evangelical translation . )
But in the verse just before that , the author makes perfectly clear that tanks are not the armor being discussed .
“ Our struggle is not against flesh and blood , ” it says , “ but against the rulers , against the authorities , against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms . ”
Not a physical battle versus one of the world ’s poorest countries , apparently , but a spiritual struggle against the most powerful .
Go to the very next verse , and pairing this passage with a tank becomes even more embarrassing .
It calls for a “ belt of truth , ” a “ breastplate of righteousness , ” and , astonishingly , “ the readiness that comes from the gospel of peace . ”
The author of Ephesians may have been remembering Isaiah 26:3 , which promises , “ You will keep in perfect peace him whose mind is steadfast , because he trusts in you . ”
But , it so happens , the verse just before that appeared on President Bush ’s desk on April 8 , above a picture of tanks passing under the Hands of Victory monument in Baghdad : “ Open the gates that the righteous nation may enter , The nation that keeps faith . ”
What was that about perfect peace ?
Which nation is supposed to be righteous ?
Then , two days later , an image of Saddam Hussein ’s statue being pulled down appeared alongside words from Psalm 33 : “ The king is not saved by a might [ sic ] army ; A warrior is not delivered by great strength . ”
Once again , the passage defeats its usage .
One would hardly mistake the Iraqi forces for the stronger , mightier side .
Instead , the psalm assures that all the military force in the world cannot equal the power of hope in God ’s love .
One more .
On March 20 , Rummy called upon Isaiah 5:28 together with images of Bradley vehicles and worshipping warriors .
There are certainly the rudiments of warmongering in that verse : arrows , bows , horses , and chariots all fiercely at the ready .
But wait .
Whose weapons are these ?
The chosen ones of the LORD , perhaps ?
Sorry .
If the DoD ’s resident experts had bothered to look a few verses earlier , they ’d see that the army is that of “ distant nations , ” “ those at the ends of the earth . ”
They are called by “ the LORD ’s anger , ” which “ burns against his people . ”
So , either America represents this fierce army , which would make the Iraqis God ’s chosen , or America is God ’s chosen and Iraq is the nation that has been risen against us by God for our iniquities .
Neither is very inspiring .
It is an instructive irony that a closer look at these passages so tangles up hero from enemy , crusader with militant jihadi .
Jewish , Christian , and Muslim forms of religious violence eagerly drum up proof - texts without regard for long - standing traditions of interpretation , to say nothing of immediate context .
For those who want to defend these traditions from the incursion of militarism , it does n’t take much .
Yet too few on our side of the supposed “ clash of civilizations ” have let themselves be bothered to try .
Enemy in the Mirror
These pieces of official iconography — at once digital folk art and presidential artifacts — lay bare that as early as 2003 the self - image of American warmakers at the highest levels had become hardly distinguishable from the enemy ’s most populist propaganda .
Terrorist creations collected by West Point ’s Islamic Imagery Project differ only in that they were broadcasted rather than classified .
One pastiche shows Osama bin Laden hovering over a young warrior holding an assault rifle , inscribed in Arabic with a saying of the Prophet Muhammad , that “ there will be a Caliphate in the way of prophethood . ”
The implication , of course , is that bin Laden is the legitimate inheritor of the prophet ’s mantle — a claim that the more than 90 % of Muslims around the world who refuse to condone the 9/11 attacks would take offense at .
Another portrays a fighter in a gas mask along with the Qur’anic formula ( Qur’anic except for the last word ) , “ In the name of God , the Beneficent , the Merciful / Peace and blessing be upon the leader of the mujahideen . ”
Over his left eye , a saber and an M16 rifle cross as if to claim the modern conflict and the campaigns of Muhammad ’s time as a single struggle .
Most haunting of all in the West Point collection are the martyr portraits , photos ritually taken just before the subject embarks on a suicide mission .
In one hand , he or she holds a gun , and in the other , a Qur’an .
Pious passages are in the background .
Though the tragedy in these images can hardly abide comparison , the March 17th intelligence update — presented to the president on the day he issued his ultimatum to Iraq — had on its cover a pair of American soldiers bent in prayer over their rifles , with a passage from Isaiah 6 : “ Whom shall I send , and who will go for us ?
Here I am , Lord , send me . ”
It should go without saying that Isaiah was being called as a prophet of peace , not as a soldier .
Both the cover sheets and the Islamist pictures depict 21st - century war crossing paths with ancient religion .
But in each case , the two do n’t have to mix the way their creators want them to .
The warfare and the scripture seem to be at odds .
Like all interpretation , it is a choice , an expression of a common desire to wash the most temporal , brutal , sacrificial violence in the water of eternity .
But in these religions , there remains the option to do differently .
We can also choose to hear out the call for peace that runs so strongly through them , despite the efforts of some to do the opposite .
In the visual effect of these cruel scenes , there lies a flash of recognition that momentarily obscures their cruelty .
Against the intentions of the artists , this recognition repudiates the illusion of difference between us and them that denies the humanity of the other and makes every senseless conflict possible .
Both sets of images share a common hope for divine redemption and peace in our time , as well as a trust in the marvel of violence to bring them about .
These common , perverse dreams , both equally doomed , offer an inkling of hope that there is enough common ground between the apex of American power and the popular expressions of its terrorist enemies that the two might someday graze together , like Isaiah ’s wolves and lambs .
It is , backhandedly , the sign that a more patient dialogue , over years of inevitable sacrifice and setback on all sides , may finally be fruitful , uncovering a world everyone can stand to live in .
But a first step is for believers to denounce these images with such a prophetic , steadfast sound that their leaders cannot marshal scripture in the service of aggression again .
An earlier version of this article appeared in Religion Dispatches .
Does anyone besides me remember the show Coupling ?
The British sitcom was actually an R - rated rip - off of Friends , and after its success in the UK market , an American version of the show was released — so Coupling US was an American version of a UK rip - off of an American show .
This sort of trans -Atlantic re-recycling of something that probably should never have seen the light of day is n't just confined to TV — the US and UK are also at it with a Big Database in the Sky program .
Witness the latest surveillance state drama uncovered by the Sunday Times and The Register , which , though British , has the exactly same plot that we 've seen repeated in the US multiple times already .
The story goes something like this : elements in the government become convinced of the ( mistaken ) proposition that if they can just build a big enough database to suck up all the digital data that citizens generate about themselves online , then they can use data mining technologies to spot bad guy plots and disrupt them before they come to fruition .
So they set out to build such a giant database , until some enterprising reporters uncover the project and reveal its existence to the public .
Public outrage and government inquiry ensue and the database project is shut down .
Except that it is n't shut down ; it still goes on under another name , until it 's uncovered again a few years later and the whole outrage - inquiry - " shutdown " farce repeats .
So it was with home secretary Jacqui Smith 's apparent capitulation to privacy advocates , in which she said that the UK 's spy center would shut down its � 1 billion Mastering the Internet ( MTI ) project , which had the ambitious goal of storing all British electronic communications , from phone conversations to website visits .
Except that she did n't shut it down ... or at least , not really .
And here we come to a familiar variant on the basic plot outlined above , a variant that I 've now dubbed the Voltron Flim - flam , which goes like this : because one giant , centralized database is politically untenable , you make multiple databases in different places and link them to a single front - end via a federated query service , so that they function together exactly like one giant database .
The US most recently pulled this trick with Real ID , and it turns out that this is what the UK did with MTI .
Smith announced that , instead of one giant � 1 billion database , the government would put � 2 billion towards helping ISPs and telcos retain customer data in separate databases .
But what she did n't mention was that the � 1 billion had already been allocated , and it would be used to link the individual databases together .
Both The Register and the Sunday Times cite sources that describe a large computing infrastructure build - out , with deep packet inspection capabilities and backbone traffic monitoring stations reminiscent of the ones that came to light in the US in 2006 .
With progress on MTI still on - going , and with American defense giant Lockheed Martin joining the effort via a � 200 million contract , it 's worth asking if something like the ECHELON information - sharing agreement is still in place between the UK and the US .
If it is , then MTI matters to more than just the Brits .
Police in Iran believe they have caught the country 's first female serial killer and are claiming she has disclosed a literary inspiration behind her attempts to evade detection : the crime novels of Agatha Christie .
The 32 - year - old suspect , named only as Mahin , stands accused of killing at least six people , including five women , according to officials in the city of Qazvin , about 100 miles north - west of Tehran .
" Mahin in her confessions has said that she has been taking patterns from Agatha Christie books and has been trying not to leave any trace of herself , " Mohammad Baqer Olfat , the Qazvin prosecutor , told Iranian journalists .
Mahin , who it is claimed also admitted the earlier murders of her former landlord and an aunt , is said to have carefully chosen her victims , targeting elderly and middle - aged women and offering them lifts home after picking them up at shrines in the city where they had been praying .
Police said she confessed in custody to killing four such women in Qazvin since January , claiming to have been driven by a desperate need for money after chalking up debts of more than £ 16,000 .
After offering her victims a lift , Mahin allegedly gave them fruit juice which she had spiked with an anaesthetic to knock them out .
She would then suffocate them before stealing their jewellery and other possessions and dumping the bodies in secluded spots .
One victim was beaten to death with an iron bar after regaining consciousness .
Which Christie novels Mahin studied has not yet been revealed , though many of the books describe killers using drugs .
Christie 's novels , some of which depict unsolved murders , are highly popular among Iranians .
The writer , who died in 1976 , visited Iran several times and used it as the setting for one of her stories , The House at Shiraz .
Qazvin 's police chief , Ali Akbar Hedayati , said Mahin was afflicted by a ­mental disorder triggered by having been deprived of her mother 's love .
She would draw her chosen victims into conversation by telling them they reminded her of her mother , the police chief said .
After apparently being so careful to stay ahead of the police , it seems that the most mundane of transgressions , a road traffic offence , alerted detectives and led to her arrest .
Officers first suspected the killer may have been a woman after studying a footprint found near one of the bodies .
They were only led to Mahin after a 60 - year - old woman , having read about the murders , told them she had escaped from a light - coloured Renault car after becoming suspicious of the female driver .
After checking cars matching that description , their attention was drawn to Mahin by records showing she had been fined following a recent road accident .
a pigs head that ’s been in the water too long
six people in Korea die each year in precisely this manner .
grinning widely and grabbing his crotch
I ’ve wanted to try San Nakji ( live baby octopus ) ever since I first heard about it , some six months before touching down in Korea .
When I finally got here , I made a few attempts to search out and consume this alien delicacy , but price and scarcity defeated me too easily and I climbed up onto my laurels and rested awhile .
Luckily , however , neither were an issue last weekend as a trip to Geoje Island presented the perfect opportunity to get my gums moving .
Geoje lies about three hours west of Busan in Gyeongsangnam - do province .
It is a popular tourist destination in the summer months , when both population and prices swell like ( something we encountered there on a previous trip . )
May , however , is a great time to visit so we spent the weekend in a sea view pension on Wayheon beach with my visiting aunt and uncle , Joan and Eric , and my cousin Steve and his girlfriend Vicky .
As usual food was never far from the centre of things , with highlights including an extensive Saturday night terrace barbecue capped with a bottle of beautifully smoky Bowmore Single Malt sent over by my parents .
Things started to get really interesting however on Sunday , when on returning from a boat trip to a nearby island we happened upon a pier - side tent selling fresh sea slugs , sea squirts and live octopus .
Vicky and I wasted no time ordering a portion of each ( 20,000 won in total ) and were soon cheek to tentacle with a plate of wriggling baby octopus and another of sea slug and sea squirt .
Naturally , I went for the octopus first , managing with some difficulty to pry it off the plate with my chopsticks ( apparently it did n’t want to leave , ) before dipping it in sesame oil and salt and popping it into my mouth .
The first mouthful was strictly damage control , as I chewed ferociously to prevent the suckers from sticking to my throat on the way down and choking me ( on average ) After Vicky assured me it was too small to be a serious choking hazard , however , I got stuck in more heartily and began to understand why this delicacy is so popular .
Texture - wise , it felt at first a little like I was eating a wriggly stick of jelly .
As I chomped down this soft outer layer gave way to a surprising dense inner core , giving it a strange but satisfying chewiness .
As for the taste , the dominant favour to start with was that of the salt and sesame oil or spicy pepper dipping sauce , but this too soon gave way to a deeper , more pervading bottom - of - the - sea freshness .
This sensation stayed in my mouth long after I finished up and left the island , and remained in shades even after a ( second ) lunch of Daeji Bulgogi ( spicy marinated pork ) on the way back to BusanAfter battling the Nakji I next turned my attentions to the much more colourful plate of sea snail and sea squirt .
The snail , for its part , seemed to consist of mostly shell and cartilage but nevertheless delivered a strong sea punch .
As for the sea squirt , it proved to be much softer than the snail , breaking down easily in my mouth and leaving a slightly bitter aftertaste ( nothing a shot of soju would n’t take care of ! )
Both tasted good dipped in either the spicy pepper sauce or the sesame oil and salt , but it was the still moving Nakji that I returned to time and again .
Mid-way through my meal the captain of one of the nearby vessels came over , and bytried to impress on me the “ stamina ” giving properties of Nakji before he was shooed off by the attending ajumma .
I ’m not sure how true this is , but I do know the San Nakji was much better than I ’d expected and provided me with one of the most memorable eating experiences of my life .
Labels : Korea , seafood , Street Food
Posted on by johnfx
Why you are being asked for a code sample and what it says about the employer .
At some point during the developer recruiting process , any hiring manager with the remotest concept of due diligence is going to attempt to get a preview of what to expect from the applicant either by requesting a code sample or asking them to write some code during an interview .
In furtherance of my ambition to minimize my resemblance to a jackass and to do my part to optimize useless effort out of the universe , I tend to forestall asking for code samples until I have arrived at the short - list of candidates that I would seriously considering hiring .
Unless I have more than five or six really solid candidates ( very rare ) , I ’ll generally ask for the code sample at the end of the phone interview if it has gone well , and ask the candidate to e-mail it or bring it with them to the in -person interview .
Although management styles differ , I think it is a safe bet that a code sample request is a strong indicator that you are progressing well through the recruitment process and so far have made a favorable impression .
I base this on the assertion that few managers are going to be willing to wade through dozens of code samples from marginal candidates in hopes of finding a diamond in the rough unless they are having a really hard time finding candidates because they have a lot of positions to fill quickly or need someone competent in a niche technology .
It ’s a good thing , I promise !
I definitely understand that competency tests like this during the recruiting process are stress inducing for the candidate , but take heart that a request for a code sample can be a very positive sign for the candidate .
Not only is it a sign of interest , but it also shows that the company is the type of place that carefully vets their technical people .
Believe me , you do not want to work somewhere with lax recruiting standards .
There are a number of reasons that companies hire without scrutinizing candidates thoroughly and almost all of them are bad news the person who ultimately gets the job .
They have a backlog on recruiting due to high turnover as they desperately try to replace people who are running out the door .
Lazy hiring managers who would rather over - hire and then weed people out on the job .
Supervisors that do n’t understand technology and are afraid to ask questions because they would n’t be able to interpret the answers .
Lots of under qualified co-workers who are a continuing source of bad code that you ’ll have to debug , and no mentors in sight .
Dissenting opinions and my rebuttal
If you have spent any time in message forums that focus on job - hunting for techies , you have no doubt come across a certain vociferous element that despises employers who request code samples and / or certain types of interview questions .
While I empathize on the abuse of puzzle questions , extremely obscure technical questions , and extreme pressure interviewing techniques ; the arrogance exhibited by some of these people frankly amazes me .
In a separate article I discuss to the type of candidate that thinks “ I ’d just Google it . ” is an acceptable answer to any technical interview question , but for now I ’ll to address the fallacy of arguments like the following :
“ Can you believe they asked me for a code sample ?
I have 10 years of development experience on my resume and four certifications .
I ’ve earned my stripes and should n’t need to prove myself to anyone .
They are probably just trying to trick me into doing work for free .
I ’m not a monkey who is going to dance for their amusement ! ”
Unless this guy is Bjarne Strousup , John Carmack , or some other luminary of technology , he is wrong .
Professional programming is the type of gig that has very few celebrities .
If I could identify the most skilled programmer alive today , chances are that you would n’t recognize him or her .
Even for those few programmers that you might recognize either their name or work , it will often be only because of the high profile projects they worked on and not necessarily their code - fu .
The simple truth is this , most programmers are anonymous , even the really good ones .
Before you start commiserating with complainers such as the one in my example , be sure to read some of his other posts about how there are simply no jobs out there evidenced by the fact that , despite his obvious skill , he has been out of work for 8 months already .
Recruiters can spot attitude problems like this a mile away and know enough to put a second mile between themselves and these head - cases for good measure .
The bottom line is that you should n’t take efforts to validate your qualifications personally .
Hiring managers have just learned through hard experience that they can’t blindly trust anything on a resume .
There are simply too many people applying for jobs with puffed up resumes full of certifications yet they could n’t code their way out of class PaperBag : Bag .
It ’s just the process , not an impeachment of your abilities .
If you are still not convinced , consider what you would assume about a supposed “ rock star programmer ” who was so hesitant to show off his code .
It smells fishy , and managers do n’t want fishy when making decisions that will cost 5 - 6 figures per year plus benefits .
Code sample requests encourage “ failing - early ” in the recruiting process
Before I even look at the code sample provided by a candidate , I have effectively screened out three types of undesirable candidates that wo n’t submit the requested sample .
The angry egoist described above .
The resume padding exaggerator with no programming skill who has just realized that I have called their bluff .
The tire kicker , who is n’t really interested in the position , but is applying on the off - chance that I might be able to give them a $ 50 K salary bump .
The hidden agenda
The request for a code sample has a side benefit , in that it lets me test something beyond programming skill without being completely overt about it .
In many cases I ’ll add some special requirements on the code sample request , for example specific languages , length limitations , or submission instructions .
This is an excellent way to detect candidates who refuse to follow directions or jump into solving problems before attempting to understand the requirements .
Closely reading the instructions presented by a prospective employer , asking relevant questions as needed , and re-checking against those instructions before submitting will get you further than at least 25 % of the candidates that make it to this stage .
No excuses – give up the sample
There are a number of reasons people give for providing a code sample .
In my opinion , none of them are acceptable .
I ’ll address the two most common here .
“ All my work related code is proprietary .
I ca n’t betray my current / former employer ’s trust by showing it to you . ”
Good for you .
I definitely respect your dedication towards protecting your employer ’s intellectual property .
In fact , it would probably color my opinion negatively of you as a candidate if you submitted a code sample that looked like it might contain trade secrets .
However , that does n’t get you off the hook .
Many candidates mistakenly presume an implicit requirement that the code sample must come from your professional work experience .
Unless you were specifically told this , this assumption is usually not valid .
Whether it is fair or not , I interpret these responses as “ I ca n’t send you any of my existing code , and I ’m not interested in the job enough to bother writing anything new . ”
Do I really want to hire someone with the attitude , “ I have to write code ?
Bummer ! ”
“ I am a student and only have code from academic work . ”
Again , I do n’t care why you wrote it as long as it is your own work and it meets any requirements I specify .
Even if you do have some previous professional work that you are not restricted from sharing , I ’d strongly advise you to take the time to write something fresh to use while you are interviewing for a programming job for a number of reasons :
Your coding skills should be improving over time , thus your newest code should be the best you have ever written .
The code you have already written was probably created under constraints that wo n’t be apparent to the hiring manager .
You do n’t want to submit code that requires an explanation or apology .
In most cases , you are free to write code to do whatever you want for the sample .
You rarely get a chance to choose a problem that you are good at solving , take advantage of it .
Your existing code was written to solve a work problem not sell your skills .
Different objectives require different approaches .
You have a chance to write code that matches the technologies / tasks that match the job description .
That last point is important and applies to other areas of the recruiting process .
Anything makes you seem more familiar to them will help your chances because it encourages them to start thinking of you as an insider .
Unfortunately , I also think this tendency is also the source of a lot of unintentional and illegal discrimination during the hiring process , but good managers have learned to recognize their own natural biases and find ways to remain objective about candidates .
Code sample ideas
For the truly stumped , here are a few ideas for programming tasks that can be solved in just about the right amount of code that works for a code sample , yet are n’t so trivial that they undermine your credibility .
A utility class for logging events and errors either to a file or the system event logs with a configurable level of verbosity .
A set of stored procedures for maintaining and searching data in a hierarchical tree structure .
An implementation of the singleton design pattern to serialize access to a resource file .
A calculator function that takes a single string of input that includes numbers and operators and returns the numeric result of the equation .
Do n’t forget input validation , error handling ( divide by zero ) , and operator precedence concerns !
A method that takes a URL to a web site and a local path and downloads all image files based on < IMG > tags .
Create a method that takes a keyword , message , and login credentials and uses the Twitter API to respond to post the message as response to any friends of the account specified .
Best practices for preparing a code sample
A request for a code sample is like a take home exam , and there is no excuse to not ace it .
Although code samples are more frequently used to identify potential problems than recognize programming skill , there is still some opportunity to score points with your submission .
Making sure the code is highly readable is one of the best things you can do to improve your standing through the code sample .
Although some of these items should not be considered a best practice for actual programming work and many of them are not even practical when you do n’t have total control of the problem you are trying to solve , they are great ways to increase the readability of code sample submissions :
Separate logical blocks of the code with extra blank line .
Whitespace is your friend .
Avoid line - wrapping as much as possible .
Method and variable names need to be meaningful at face value without reading the code that calls or implements it .
Reduce the number of parameters to functions you write , and avoid passing in optional parameters as much as possible .
Variables should be single use only .
Before
Dim loopCounter as integer
For loopCounter = 1 to maxPages
‘ do something with pages
Next For loopCounter = 1 to maxDucks
‘ do something with ducks
Next After
Dim PageCounter as integer
For PageCounter = 1 to maxPages
‘ do something with pages
Next Dim DuckCounter as integer
For DuckCounter = 1 to maxDucks
‘ do something with ducks
Next
Use variables instead of inline function calls
Before
fooResult = foo( subfoo ( ) ) ;
After
subFooResult=subfoo( ) ;
fooResult = foo( subFooResult ) ;
Put in at least a few comments to show that you know that you are supposed to .
However , follow best practices and do n’t overdo it .
Show the code to another programmer and ask them to tell you what it does and how as quickly as they can .
If you get even the slightest urge to explain while they are reading or they ask questions , rework it to make it self explanatory .
Do n’t forget the quality control
You did have five of your best friends QC your resume and cover letter before you submitted it , right ?
Is n’t the code sample worth the same scrutiny ?
Understand that the code sample is used more often as a NEGATIVE differentiator than a positive one .
In case you do n’t speak marketing , this means that the person reading your code sample is using it to weed out bad candidates not find good ones .
Here are some suggestions to keep your resume out of the trash - bin :
Compile the code –
It is just plain lazy to give them code with mistakes that are so easily caught .
Spell check your comments and identifier names –
Yes it is silly , but do n’t give them chances to take cheap shots at you .
Unit test the code thoroughly to make absolutely sure it does what it is supposed to .
If the job posting lists TDD you might even consider submitting the unit tests for extra credit , but be sure to confirm before doing this if it forces you over the code size they asked for .
Check for and eliminate any code that is borrowed or even looks like it might be .
Hiring managers sometimes
Google unusual identifiers and method names to make sure exact matches do n’t come up for your code .
You might want to do this too to see what comes up .
Find the smartest programmer (s ) you know and ask them to tell you 5 problems , no matter how nitpicky .
This prevents them from trying to be polite or lazy and not looking too closely .
Getting the job is more important here than protecting your ego .
Other tips on preparing a code sample
Keep it short and simple .
They are looking for ammo to filter you out .
Do n’t give them a lot of code to find fault in .
Do n’t use clever coding tricks .
They decrease readability and rarely impress anyone .
Use the code sample to demonstrate your knowledge of technique ( Design patterns , generics , OOP , TDD ) and specific technologies ( AJAX , Web Services , XSLT , SQL DMO ) .
Use the job description for cues for what things you might want to include .
Avoid controversial approaches such as Hungarian notation whenever possible .
You do n’t want to be forced into a confrontational posture with a zealot from a different camp that has pull on whether you get the job .
Do n’t use comments to plead your case or apologize to the hiring manager as shown in the following counter - examples :
/* I am really good with OOP as shown in this class ! */
/* Normally I would add error handling here if this were production code , but since I ’m not taking this seriously … */
Your code sample and the interview
Even if you get a callback for an in - person interview after submitting your code sample , do n’t rest on your laurels yet .
For managers that work with a system similar to my own , there is n’t usually a round of cuts between receiving the code sample and the formal interview .
Usually I just briefly scan the code sample for obvious deal - killers and do n’t really read them carefully until the day of the interview so the candidate has a chance to defend it , if necessary .
You can and should expect the code sample to be a topic during the interview , so be prepared .
Know thy code :
You should know the code you submitted backwards and forwards , have some ideas about other approaches you could have taken , be ready to optimize it , and talk intelligently about all of the technologies you used .
The code sample is fodder for under - prepared interviewers who are digging for something to ask about .
“ Interesting , you used the Fizbah protocol here .
Would that work over IP too ? ”
Defend thy code : A lot of interviewers like to use a technique that involves contradicting the candidate in some way , such as questioning the approach in a code sample .
You absolutely must defend your approach unless the interviewer has pointed out an indisputably better or more correct approach .
Do not concede the point unless you understand the counterpoint thoroughly .
A common trap is for an interviewer to play devil ’s advocate just to see if you will fold under pressure .
For example you are sunk if you bite when the interviewer makes a claim he knows is false , like “ You should n’t have used the StringBuilder class here , it does n’t work with Unicode . ”
… but not dogmatically :
When defending your code , however , you have to be careful to not give the impression that you are closed - minded or that you think you know everything .
For example , if you got the StringBuilder / Unicode question and were n’t sure if the interviewer had a good point , you might say something like “ Are you sure about that ?
I am pretty sure that is n’t the case , but it is a very valid concern .
I ’ll double check the documentation and follow - up with you in an e-mail later this afternoon . ”
This answer helps dissuade the notion that you might be a pushover , shows that you care enough in your craft to dig a little deeper , and that you are the type who likes to share knowledge of new discoveries .
… , and show that you know how to listen :
When an interviewer criticizes a code sample or an answer to a technical question , many candidates turn off their ears as soon as they get detect a negative tone and start to cogitate on their rebuttal .
Unfortunately this often causes them to completely miss the subtle clues that interviewers drop to help the candidate navigate the objection .
It is critical that you practice active listening skills during an interview for this very reason .
It looks bad when you make mistakes in an interview , but it is far worse to continue to flounder on a technical issue when the interviewer has thrown you a lifeline and you did n’t recognize it .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
More
Email
Facebook
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : The Recruiting Process | Tagged : code sample , hiring , interviewing , interviews , jobs , programmers , recruiting , technical |
May 4 , 2009 Volume 87 , Number 18 | p. 45 | first appeared online May 1
Collective Behavior In Chemistry
Scientists note that the oscillating Belousov - Zhabotinsky reaction requires a requisite number of particles to get started
Video Chemical Undulation
A collection of catalyst - loaded particles undergoes the Belousov - Zhabotinsky oscillating reaction .
Launch Video Zhaoyang Huang * Macromedia Flash Player 8 is required to view video .
Zhaoyang Huang
The number of particles in a group dictates the start of a colorful spiraling oscillation ( blue ) , as shown in this microscope photo .
Synchronized behavior seen in biology that leads to the rhythmic contraction of groups of heart muscle cells or the undulation of bacterial cilia occurs in chemistry , too .
Kenneth Showalter and Mark R. Tinsley of West Virginia University ; Annette F. Taylor of the University of Leeds , in England ; and colleagues have shown that iron - impregnated particles can spontaneously undergo the exotic oscillating Belousov - Zhabotinsky ( BZ ) reaction that produces colored waves and spirals , but only once a collection of particles reaches a critical number ( Phys. Rev. Lett. 2009 , 102 , 158301 ) .
This simple chemical system gives scientists a chance to probe " quorum sensing " behavior , which is ordinarily difficult to do with complex biological systems , Showalter says .
The team 's study builds on recent work from the Showalter and Taylor labs ( Science 2009 , 323 , 614 ) .
Groups of particles containing the BZ catalyst ferroin sit quietly in an unstirred BZ reaction solution containing HBrO 3 and bromomalonic acid , unless the groups contain the key number of particles .
The oscillating reaction then kicks off .
Showalter says the collective behavior of the particles " is much like that of bacteria when they are growing in a medium on a surface . "
Chemical Undulation
A collection of catalyst - loaded particles undergoes the Belousov - Zhabotinsky oscillating reaction .
1 . The free will solution .
2 . The “ character - building ” solution .
3 . Some goods require evils .
4 . Play the mystery card .
elcome to Eth , a modestly - proportioned planet on the far side of our Galaxy .
Here , beneath the great marble spires of Eth ’s finest university , the debate of the age is taking place .
Arrayed on either side of the University ’s Great Chamber are Eth ’s finest scholars and thinkers .
They are here to decide the most controversial and emotive issue dividing the inhabitants of Eth – does God exist ?
To the right of the Great Chamber are arrayed the believers .
To the left sit the skeptics .
The public galleries are near to bursting with those waiting to hear the proceedings .
At the end of the debate , the audience will vote .
Booblefrip - the bird - like Professor of Origin - and Gizimoth - the portly Arch - logos - Inquisitor - lead the debate .
A whisper of approval ripples across the believers on the right side of the Great Chamber .
Booblefrip casts a cool look across the right side of the chamber .
The universe must have come from somewhere
Gizimoth frowns : he ’s clearly not buying Booblefrip ’s argument .
But he encourages Booblefrip to continue .
Evidence of design
Another warm ripple of approval arose from the right side of the Great Chamber .
The assembled academics felt that , so far at least , Booblefrip was getting the better of the argument .
But Gizimoth was perplexed .
Booblefrip thinks Gizimoth has gone too far .
The problem of good
There is much quiet nodding to the left of the Great Chamber .
Gizimoth ’s argument has struck a chord with the unbelievers .
But Booblefrip thinks Gizimoth ’s argument is far from conclusive .
The free - will solution
temptation
The problem of natural goods
The “ character - destroying ” solution
Gizimoth is becoming frustrated .
Every time he comes up with another piece of evidence that the universe was n’t designed by a supremely evil deity , Booblefrip turns out to have yet another ingenious explanation up his sleeve .
And yet , thinks Gizimoth , the evidence against the existence of an utterly evil God is overwhelming .
Some goods require evils
Play The Mystery Card
There ’s some subtle nodding from the believers on the right .
The verdict
At the end of the debate , the audience vote .
After the deliberation , a spokesperson steps forward with their verdict .
theists consider belief in an all - evil God to be downright silly .
here is my challenge to theists
not unreasonable
good
much
patently obvious
Most people who believe in God take their belief to be pretty reasonable .
“ Perhaps God ’s existence can’t be conclusively proved ” , they ’ll say , “ but it ’s a fairly sensible thing to believe – far more sensible than , say , belief in fairies or Santa Claus . ”
But are they right ?
Christians , Muslims and Jews believe that God is both all - powerful and all - good .
Indeed ,
God is often characterized as an infinitely loving father .
Yet most of the popular arguments for the existence of God allow us to deduce little if anything about his moral character .
Take the argument from design , for example .
Even if we can show that the universe does show signs of design , what ’s the evidence that this creator is all - good ?
There is also a well - known argument that , even if the universe was created by an all - powerful being , that being is not all - good .
The argument is called the problem of evil , and runs roughly as follows : if God is both all - powerful and all - good , why is there so much suffering in the world ?
Why does God inflict earthquakes , floods , famines and the Black Death upon us ?
Why was he busy inflicting acute suffering on the animal kingdom for millions of years before we even made an appearance ( including the literally unimaginable suffering caused by the several mass extinctions that have repeatedly wiped the majority of species from the face of the earth ) ?
Why does he give children cancer ?
Why does he make life so grindingly miserable for so many ?
Why does he arrange for millions of us to end our lives horrendously scarred - in many cases both physically and psychologically crippled – by the world he created for us ?
This hardly sounds like the behaviour of a supremely compassionate and loving father - figure , does it ?
Surely there ’s overwhelming evidence that the universe is not under the control of a limitlessly powerful and benevolent character ?
Many find this argument compelling .
But of course there are plenty who believe the problem of evil can be dealt with .
How ?
Religious thinkers have , over the centuries , developed a number of ingenious solutions .
Here are some four examples .
God gave us free will .
We are not helpless automata , but free agents capable of make our own choices and acting on them .
As a result of God having given us free will , we sometimes choose to do wrong .
We start , wars , steal , and so on .
So some suffering results from our possessing free will .
However , it is still better that we have free will .
Free will is a very great good that more than compensates for the suffering it can bring .
We know that a bad experience can sometimes make us stronger .
We can learn , be enriched , through suffering .
For example , people who have suffered a terrible disease sometimes say they gained greatly from it .
Similarly , by causing us pain and suffering , God allows us to grow and develop both morally and spiritually .
It is only through our experiencing this suffering that we can ultimately become the noble souls God wants us to be .
Theists often point out that God inevitably had to include quite a bit of suffering in his creation in order that certain important goods could exist .
Take , for example , charity and sympathy .
Charity is a great virtue .
Yet you can only be charitable if there exist others who are needy .
Similarly , you can only sympathize with someone whom you perceive to be suffering .
Charity and sympathy are so - called “ second order ” goods that require “ first order ” evils like neediness and suffering ( or at least the appearance of such evils ) to exist .
It ’s argued that these second order goods outweigh the first order evils , which is why God allows the evils to occur .
Some theists point out that God works in mysterious ways .
It ’s arrogant of us to suppose that we can understand the mind of an infinitely powerful and wise being .
The evil God inflicts upon us is , actually , all for the best .
It ’s just that we , being mere humans , ca n’t see how .
Many believe these and other similar moves largely take the sting out of the problem of evil .
Some think they deal with the problem altogether .
I find them utterly inadequate .
The following dialogue is my attempt to convey why .
GIZIMOTH : Here , on Eth , many of us believe in God , do we not ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Certainly .
GIZIMOTH : So what is God like ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Well , God is all - powerful , of course .
God can do anything .
He created the entire universe , including every last one of us .
God ’s awesome power knows no bounds !
GIZIMOTH : Let ’s agree about that , then .
God , if he exists , is omnipotent .
But here on Eth , those who believe in God also attribute another property to him , do n’t they ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Yes .
As you know , we also believe that God is all - evil .
GIZIMOTH : Can you explain what you mean by that ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Not only does
God ’s power know no bounds , neither does he depravity .
His cruelty is infinite .
His malice without end .
GIZIMOTH : I see .
All powerful .
And all - evil .
Now Professor Booblefrip , do you think that could briefly explain why you think it ’s reasonable to believe in such a being ?
What grounds can you provide to justify belief in this evil God ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Well , I do n’t say I can conclusively prove beyond doubt that God exists .
But it seems to me that there are at least two rather good reasons for believing in God .
First , it seems obvious to me , as it does to many , that the universe must have come from somewhere .
Do n’t you agree ?
GIZIMOTH : Of course .
The scientists assembled here will tell you that there is a perfectly good scientific explanation for the existence of the universe – the Big bang .
About 14 billion years ago an unimaginably violent explosion occurred in which all matter and energy came into existence , and in which space and even time itself began .
BOOBLEFRIP : We ’re all familiar with the Big Bang theory , Professor Gizimoth .
But of course , the Big Bang really only postpones the mystery of why there is anything at all , does n’t it ?
For now we need to explain why there was a Big Bang .
Why did the Big bang happen ?
Science can’t explain that , can it ?
There ’s a real mystery here , is n’t there ?
GIZIMOTH : Hmm. PerhapsBOOBLEFRIP :
The only satisfactory explanation we have for why the universe came into existence in the first place is that God created .
So there ’s my first reason to believe in God.
GIZIMOTH :
And your second reason ?
Booblemat : Take a look around you , at the wonders of universe .
Life .
Conscious beings like ourselves .
Do you suppose that all this appeared just be chance ?
Surely not .
The universe shows clear signs of design .
And where there ’s design , there ’s a designer !
GIZIMOTH : But science can explain life .
What about the theory of natural selection ?
That explains how over millions of years , life forms evolved and developed .
It explains how complex life - forms can gradually evolve from even the simplest of bacteria .
Science can perfectly well explain life without introducing your supernatural designer .
BOOBLEFRIP : Natural selection ca n’t explain everything .
For example , it ca n’t explain why the universe was set up to allow natural selection to take place in the first place , can it ?
GIZIMOTH : Hmm .
Well no , it ca n’t explain that .
BOOBLEFRIP : Did you know that , if the laws governing the universe had been only very slightly different , the universe would not have survived more than a second or two ?
Either that or it would have quickly dissipated into a thin sterile soup incapable of producing life .
For life to emerge and evolve , you need very specific conditions .
The universe must be set up in an extremely precise fashion .
And of course we know that it was set up in just this way , do n’t we !
GIZIMOTH : I guess so .
BOOBLEFRIP : Now that it should just happen to be set up in just this way by chance is too much to swallow .
That would be a fluke of cosmic proportions .
It ’s much more sensible , surely , to suppose that someone deliberately designed the universe this way , so as to produce life , and ultimately ourselves .
That someone is God!
GIZIMOTH : Very well , let ’s suppose the universe does show clear signs of having been designed by an intelligent being .
BOOBLEFRIP : Ah. A convert !
GIZIMOTH : Not at all .
I ’m supposing this only for the sake of argument .
You still have n’t given me much reason to suppose that this designer is all - evil , have you ?
BOOBLEFRIP : But God is , by definition , all - evil .
GIZIMOTH : But why define God that way ?
Why not suppose , instead , that God is neither good nor evil ?
Or why not suppose he is all - good ?
BOOBLEFRIP : What a bizarre suggestion .
It ’s obvious our creator is very clearly evil !
Take a look around you !
Witness the horrendous suffering he inflicts upon us .
The floods .
The ethquakes .
Cancer .
The vile , rotting stench of God ’s creation is overwhelming !
GIZIMOTH : Yes , our creator may do some evil .
But it ’s not clear he ’s all - evil , is it ?
It ’s certainly not obvious that his wickedness is infinite , that his malice and cruelty know no bounds .
You ’re deliberately ignoring a famous argument against the existence of God – the problem of good .
BOOBLEFRIP : I ’m familiar with the problem of good – we theologians of Eth have debating it for centuries .
But it ’s not fatal to belief in God.
GIZIMOTH : Really ?
Let ’s see .
The problem of good , as you know , is essentially very simple .
If the universe was designed by an all - powerful , all - evil God , then why is there so much good in the world ?
BOOBLEFRIP : That ’s the supposed problem , yes .
GIZIMOTH : Why , for example , does God allow at least some people to live out happy , contented and fulfilled lives ?
Why does n’t he torture them instead ?
If God is all - powerful , he certainly could torture them , could n’t he ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Well , yes , he could .
GIZIMOTH : In fact he could make their lives utterly miserable .
And we know that , as he is also supremely evil , he must want them suffer .
Yet he gives some people every care and attention .
Why ?
It makes no sense , does it ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Perhaps not at first sight , no .
GIZIMOTH : Here ’s another example .
Why does God allow us to do good deeds , to help our fellow Ethians ?
He even allows us to lay down our lives for each other .
These selfless actions improve the quality of our lives no end .
So why does God allow them .
Why does n’t he force us to be nasty and do evil , just like him ?
BOOBLEFRIP : I grant you that God ’s allowing so much noble and selfless behaviour might seem like very good evidence that he is not all - evil .
But appearances are deceptive .
GIZIMOTH : Also , if God ’s is absolutely evil , why did he put so much beauty in the world for us to enjoy ?
Why did he create such sublime sunsets ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Good question .
GIZIMOTH : And why does God give us children , which bring us immeasurable happiness ?
You see ?
There are countless ways in which our lives are enriched by God ’s creation .
BOOBLEFRIP : But there ’s also evil !
GIZIMOTH : True , there ’s evil in the world .
But there ’s an awful lot of good .
Far too much good , in fact , for anyone reasonably to conclude that the universe was created by an all - evil God .
Belief in a supremely wicked creator is palpably absurd .
BOOBLEFRIP : Look , I admit that the amount of good in the world might seem to undermine belief in an all - powerful , all - evil god .
But actually , we believers can explain why a supremely evil God would allow all these good things to happen .
GIZIMOTH : By all means try .
BOOBLEFRIP : Surely you are familiar with the free - will defence ?
GIZIMOTH : Perhaps you would care to explain it .
BOOBLEFRIP : Very well .
God ’s malevolence is without end .
True , he let ’s us do good .
He allows us to act selflessly for the betterment of others , for example .
But there ’s a reason for that .
GIZIMOTH : What reason ?
BOOBLEFRIP : God gave us free will .
GIZIMOTH : Free will ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Yes .
God could have made us mere automata that always did the wrong thing .
But he did n’t do that .
He gave us the freedom to choose how we act .
GIZIMOTH : Why ?
BOOBLEFRIP : By giving us free will God actually increased the amount of suffering there is in the world .
He made the world far more terrible than it would otherwise have been !
GIZIMOTH : How ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Think about it .
Yes God could have tortured us for all eternity with a red hot poker .
But he would have got very bored very quickly .
How much for fun for him to mess with our minds - to induce more complex , psychological forms of suffering .
GIZIMOTH : Psychological suffering ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Yes .
Take .
By giving us free - will , God can be sure we will agonize endlessly about what we should do .
For free will brings with it the exquisite torture of temptation .
And then , when we succumb to temptation , we feel guilty .
Knowing that , being free , we could have done otherwise , we feel awful about what we have done .
We end up torturing ourselves .
The exquisitely evil irony of it all !
GIZIMOTH : Hmm.BOOBLEFRIP :
By giving us free - will God allowed for far deeper and more complex forms of suffering than would otherwise be possible .
Special , psychological forms of suffering .
GIZIMOTH : But what about the good people sometimes do ?
BOOBLEFRIP : It ’s true that people do sometimes choose to act selflessly and nobly , and that this can produce good .
But this good is far outweighed by the additional suffering free - will brings .
Just take a look at the world , for goodness sake !
It ’s a world full of people who not only behave despicably , but also agonize endlessly about what they have done !
GIZIMOTH : But this is ridiculous !
BOOBLEFRIP : Why ?
GIZIMOTH : Well , for a start , this only explains the good that we bring about by acting freely .
It does n’t explain the existence of naturally occurring goods .
BOOBLEFRIP : Such as ?
GIZIMOTH : Well , what about the glories of nature : sublime sunsets , stunning landscapes , the splendor of the heavens ?
We ’re not responsible for these things , are we ?
BOOBLEFRIP : No .
God is .
GIZIMOTH : But why would an all - evil God create something that gives us pleasure ?
Also , why does he give us beautiful children to love ?
And why does he choose to give some people extraordinary good fortune – health , wealth and happiness in abundance ?
Surely the existence of these things provides us with overwhelming evidence that , even if the universe has a creator , he ’s not all bad ?
BOOBLEFRIP : You ’re mistaken , Gizimoth .
Such things are exactly what we should expect if God is supremely evil .
GIZIMOTH : But why ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Some natural beauty is certainly to be expected .
If everything was uniformly ugly , we would n’t be tormented by the ugliness half as much as if it were laced with some beauty .
To truly appreciate the ghastliness of the environment most of us inhabit – a urine stained , concrete and asphalt wasteland peppered with advertising hoardings , drug addicts and dog dirt – we need to be reminded every now and then that things could have been different .
God put some natural beauty into the world to make our appreciation of the ugliness and dreariness of day - to - day life all the more acute .
GIZIMOTH : Hmm .
But why would a supremely wicked God give us beautiful children to love ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Because he knows we ’ll spend our entire lives worrying about them .
Only a parent can know the depth of torture a child brings .
GIZIMOTH : Why does he give us healthy young bodies ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Well , after 10 or 15 years they slowly and inevitably slide into decay , disease and decrepitude until we end up hopelessly ugly , incontinent and smelling of urine .
Then we die , having lived out a short and ultimately meaningless existence .
You see , by giving us something , and then snatching it away , our evil creator can make us suffer even more than if we had never had it .
GIZIMOTH : But then why does God allow some people live out such contented lives ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Of course an evil God is going to bestow upon a few people lavish lifestyles , good health and immense success .
Their happiness is designed to make the suffering of the rest of us even more acute !
We ’ll be wracked by feelings of envy , jealousy and failure !
Who can be content while they have so much more !
GIZIMOTH : Oh honestly .
BOOBLEFRIP : Do n’t you see ?
The world clearly was designed to produce life , to produce conscious beings like ourselves .
Why ?
So that it ’s designer can torture us .
The world is designed to physically and psychologically crush us , so that we are ultimately overwhelmed by life ’s futility and bow out in despair .
GIZIMOTH : This is ridiculous .
You have an answer for everything !
BOOBLEFRIP : Yes , I do have an answer to all your arguments .
So far , you ’ve given me not the slightest reason to suppose that the world was not created by a supremely evil being .
But if you ’re unhappy with my answers , let me try a rather different approach .
There are some evils that require goods in order to exist , are n’t there ?
GIZIMOTH : Such as ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Take the evil of jealousy .
Jealousy requires there be something to be being jealous of .
God gave good things to some people so that others would feel jealous .
Or take lying .
Lying requires that people often tell the truth – otherwise there would be no point in lying because no one would believe you .
The evil of dishonesty requires that there be a certain amount of honesty .
GIZIMOTH : And you think these evils outweigh the goods they depend on ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Exactly .
God allows some good things into his creation .
It ’s the price he has to pay for these greater evils .
GIZIMOTH : These tricksy replies of yours are patently absurd .
You ca n’t seriously maintain that the world you see around you – a world full of natural beauty and laughing children – is really the handiwork of an infinitely evil God ?
BOOBLEFRIP : I do maintain that , yes .
True , I may not be able to account for every last drop of good in the world .
But remember that we are dealing here with the mind of God .
Who are you to suppose you can understand the mind of an infinitely intelligent and knowledgeable being ?
Is n’t it arrogant of you to suppose that you can figure out God ’s master plan ?
GIZIMOTH : I ’m arrogant ?
BOOBLEFRIP : Yes .
Arrogant .
Evil God works in mysterious ways .
Ultimately , everything really is all for the worst .
It ’s just that , being mere humans , we ca n’t always figure out how .
GIZIMOTH : Oh , really .
This is …BOOBLEFRIP : I think it ’s arrogant of you to suppose otherwise – to suppose that you must be able to figure it all out .
THE VERDICT : It seems to us that Booblefrip has made a powerful case for supposing the world was created by God .
In addition , Booblefrip has provided a compelling defence of belief in this evil being .
He has successfully explained why even an evil God would allow a great deal of good .
And so the motion is carried – we are persuaded that Evil God exists .
Are you persuaded by Booblefrip ’s defence of belief in a supremely evil God ?
Of course not .
His explanations are clearly feeble .
Surely , despite Booblefrip ’s convoluted maneuverings , belief in a supremely evil God remains palpably absurd .
But of course , Booblefrip ’s defence merely flips round the standard explanations that theists offer in defence of belief in a good God .
His attempts to explain what good there is in the world mirror the theist ’s attempts to explain the evil .
If Booblefrip ’s explanations are deeply inadequate , why are n’t the theist ’s explanations ?
That ’s the question the theist needs to answer .
Of course , And rightly so : there ’s clearly far too much good in the world .
But then .
If you consider belief in an evil God downright ridiculous , why on Earth do you suppose that the good God hypothesis is , at the very least , ?
The onus is surely on you to come up with some much better arguments for specifically an all God ( can this be done ?
I think not , though try e.g. religious experience and miracles if you like ) and / or to dealmore effectively with the problem of evilThis is ( Mark Vernon take note ) a challenge to agnostics too .
If you think agnosticism about an evil god is ridiculous ( and I am betting you do ) , why on Earth do you suppose agnosticism is the rational position to take re .
the good God hypothesis ?
Surely , even if the universe does have a designer / creator , is n’t itthat this being is neither all - evil , nor all - good ?
With over two hundred million users , Mozilla 's Firefox Web browser is one of the most widely deployed and tested pieces of open source software on Earth .
It 's also frequently attacked and fixed by Mozilla -- making the lessons learned by Mozilla important for other developers to take to heart .
Developers can learn a great deal from how Mozilla secures its software , according to Johnathan Nightingale of Mozilla 's security team , who argues that testing is key -- and that simply counting bugs is n't a good measure for security .
" We 've learned a lot of lessons about what works and what does n't over the years doing this , and we 've built a bunch of processes and tools to help us , " Nightingale , who bears the title of Human Shield at Mozilla , told InternetNews.com .
As a key member of Mozilla 's security team , Nightingale has spoken before about Mozilla 's significant security focus .
Last week , he delivered a presentation on Mozilla 's security efforts at RSA .
In his presentation , Nightingale noted that Mozilla 's security group currently numbers about 80 people , of which at least a third are not Mozilla employees .
The total team is made up of a core security team , development leads , quality assurance , individual developers and management .
A big part of how Mozilla secures its software is by way of testing often , and regularly , with a number of different techniques and tools .
According to Nightingale , Mozilla runs 90,000 automated tests , using eight different test frameworks ( called " harnesses " ) on four platforms , at least 20 times a day .
For Mozilla , Nightingale emphasized that nothing lands in its released software without tests .
Still , he noted that often for developers the hardest part about testing is getting started .
" You need to make the investment up front , get religion about it , and start requiring it from your developers , " Nightingales said in his presentation .
Mozilla has a number of open source tools that it uses to test the browser .
Among them is the Tinderbox system for build - and test - tracking , Litmus -- Mozilla 's homegrown system for human testing -- and the Bugzilla bug - tracking system .
Another key technology used by Mozilla to test its code is fuzzing , which relies on injecting garbage -- nonsense code or statements -- into an application to see what will happen .
Mozilla released its own JavaScript " fuzzer " called Jsfunfuzz at the Black Hat security conference in 2007 .
Measuring security
Mozilla has been criticized by some security vendors as having more bugs than other browser vendors .
But Nightingale argued that the bug count is the industry 's worst security metric of all .
In his view , focusing on bug counting creates perverse incentives for security .
Instead , Nightingale suggests that more meaningful metrics are measuring the number of days users are exposed to risk as well as the average time it takes to deploy fixes .
To Nightingale , good security is a feedback loop , where at every step of the process , if something breaks or goes wrong , the question ' Why ? ' must be asked -- and answered .
" At the end of the day , we 're a non-profit project trying to help build a better Internet , " Nightingale told InternetNews.com .
" If giving away those processes and tools helps other projects keep their users safe , that 's great news for us . "
" If we can act as a proof point in organizations that are resistant to some of the stronger steps we 've taken , like broad automated testing coverage , or mandatory code review , then we 're delighted to do that , too . "
Well , I said I would be misrepresented when I voiced doubts about ' gun control ' , and I duly was , by a contributor who seems keen to legalise a drug that destroys the brains of the young , but regards it as unthinkable to allow individuals to own guns .
He says I am a ' gun nut ' .
Does that make him a ' dope nut ' ?
Perhaps , though I doubt he will see it that way .
Well , I do n't see it his way either .
Here 's why .
Presumably he imagines that my house is crammed with firearms and ammunition , and that I salivate over gun porn in my bullet - proof bunker .
I 'm sorry to disappoint him but I neither own any guns nor wish to do so .
I find proper firearms as alarming as I find powerful motorcycles .
In both cases you need to know what you 're doing before you use them .
In both cases they give you more power than you might want to possess .
In both cases , they are too easily capable of inflicting pain and injury .
Having nearly killed myself ( and someone else ) on a motorbike when I was 17 , I would be reluctant to ride one again .
I can , without any effort at all , recall in vivid detail the screaming of metal on Tarmac as my machine tipped over , sparks flying , and the first sight of my very badly broken ankle after I had hopped to the roadside .
I can also remember that , after a dreamlike interlude when I was unaware of how badly I was hurt , it was very painful but ( fortunately ) have no actual memory of the pain itself , which was just short of the level needed to pass out .
I hope this helps to explain why I am also not anxious to keep a firearm .
I do n't even like being near motorbikes any more .
I am more aware than most people of what severe physical injury looks and feels like .
And I suspect I should be just as cautious with a loaded gun of any kind .
Handling unloaded ones , as I did for some posed pictures in Moscow , Idaho last October , is of course another matter .
The only firearms I ever possessed were a couple of childhood airguns , once common but now - I suspect - more or less banned .
The righteous frenzy against toy guns ( including those which are unmistakably and obviously toys ) is now so great that toyshops often do n't stock them any more .
All I desire is my lawful freedom , as guaranteed by the 1689 Bill of Rights and lawlessly whittled away by the civil service and dim politicians , to own a gun if I choose to do so .
I suppose it 's possible that , as our anarchy deepens , I might reluctantly want to take advantage of this .
But that 's the point .
The choice should be mine , not that of some boot - faced politically - correct police officer anxious to maintain his monopoly of force - and anxious to ensure that his idea of the law should be the only one available .
As I argue in my book ' A Brief History of Crime ' , it 's the great gulf between police and public over how the law should be enforced that lies behind two important features of modern Britain .
The frequent arrests of people for defending themselves or their property are not accidents or quirks .
They are the consequence of the Criminal Justice system 's abandonment of old - fashioned ideas of punishment ; also of that system 's social democratic belief that crime has ' social ' causes and the ownership of property is n't absolute .
Most law - abiding people do n't really accept this .
They think criminals do bad things because they lack conscience or restraint , not because they were abused as children or their dole payments are too small .
And they do n't see why they have to barricade their houses or hide their worldly goods from view on the assumption that some unrestrained low - life is otherwise bound to steal them .
So they regard it as legitimate to hurt and punish those who rob them or otherwise attack them .
If they were allowed to enforce the law as they see it , they would quickly show the police and courts up as useless and mistaken .
One of the most important jobs of the police is to stop us looking after ourselves , in case we do a better job than PC Plod .
Guns simply take this to a higher level .
Since we foolishly abolished the formal death penalty , imposed after a careful trial , we have transferred the power of capital punishment to an increasingly armed police force ( though no legislation has ever actually been passed to arm them , and the pretence is still maintained that they are unarmed ) .
That police force is now the arm of the liberal state - rather than enforcers of conservative law ( which is why it is nowadays called a ' service ' ) - and so has a much wider licence to use ( liberal ) violence than ordinary conservative citizens .
Contrast the police force 's zealous efforts to stamp out private gun ownership with its own rather poor efforts at responsible gun use , as a result of which quite a few people ( one stark naked in a well - lit room ) have been shot by mistake or as a result of over - reaction by armed officers .
As it happens , I find these mistakes and over - reactions quite easy to pardon .
Which of us , in such situations , could be sure he would do the right thing ?
I 've never joined in the frenzy of criticism over the de Menezes case , for instance .
It is terribly easy to see how such an error could have been made under the circumstances .
But if we did n't have an armed police force , and left executions to the hangman , then these things would be a lot less likely .
But what concerns me is that members of the public in the same situation are judged so much more harshly if they make such mistakes .
And , perhaps more important , how police shootings are widely accepted , though they are summary , often erroneous and inadequately investigated .
Whereas a society which finds this summary execution acceptable gets into a pseudo - moral lather about the idea of lawful execution after due process , jury trial , the possibility of appeal and reprieve .
This brings me back to the USA .
Americans are not so infantilised as we are .
For many reasons , mainly the fact that it is still possible to live genuinely rural lives in large parts of the country , Americans are less likely to rely on others to protect them or their homes from danger .
This used to be true of us too ( again I must urge those who are interested to read the relevant chapter in ' Brief History ' ) .
It 's evident from a lot of English fiction , written not for propaganda but by people who simply recorded life as they understood it , that until quite recently we had a more American view of things .
In fact until 1920 English Gun Law made Texas look effeminate .
Read , as nobody now does , Captain Marryat 's ' Children of the New Forest ' set in the days of Cromwell , and observe the wholly different attitudes towards self - defence against crime that are casually described there .
Read , as fewer and fewer people now do , alas , the ' Sherlock Holmes ' stories , and see how often Holmes and Dr Watson venture out carrying firearms .
This was perfectly legal , and unsurprising , in the late Victorian and Edwardian era in which the stories are set .
And pre-1914 attempts to control guns were resisted by MPs much as the US Congress resists them now .
My suspicion is that the guts were knocked out of us British by the First World War , in which the best people of all classes died by their thousands in the great volunteer armies which marched off to Loos , Passchendaele and the Somme .
Those who survived lacked something of the spirit that a free country needs , and we never fully recovered , just as Russia has yet to recover from the fourfold blow of the First World War , Civil War , Great Purge and Second World War , each of which destroyed the best and brightest of their generations .
The USA - a society , for the most part , of volunteers and pioneers , has never had a comparable experience .
Let us hope it never does .
May I endorse the kind things said about Canada by some correspondents ?
British people are often given to making lofty and scornful remarks about various countries which they decry as ' boring ' - Canada , Belgium and Switzerland usually being the chief victims .
Canada is anything but boring .
On the contrary it is a fascinating and intensely civilised society , made all the more so by the survival of a French - speaking province ( and I admit to having been too diffident about the monarchism of the Quebecois , who were sensibly allowed by Protestant Hanoverian Britain to maintain their Roman Catholic faith without restriction - though I was sorry , on my last visit to Quebec City , to find the handsome Anglican Cathedral there closed and locked .
Still , I was pleased to see that - like the Anglican church in Sark - it offered services in French as well as English .
How I wish the 1662 Prayer Book could be translated , and I mean properly translated , with all the poetry , into every major language of the world ) .
Belgophobes also need to travel a bit more .
Among the many delights of that country are a comprehensive railway system that puts ours to shame , several treasure houses of some of the best paintings in the world and a rather better record in resisting German invasion than they are generally given credit for .
As for Switzerland , the determination of its people to remain free is very far from boring , and continues to this day .
One contributor asks why I do n't go to live in the USA , since I like it so much .
Why should I ?
This is my country , where my ancestors are buried and where I hope and intend to be buried myself , where I grew up , whose landscape , climate , music , poetry and architecture are in my bones , whose battle - honours are my battle - honours and whose history is my history .
Nowhere else is like it .
It is precisely because I know and like so many other countries that I know and love my own best of all .
Given the way things are going , I do n't completely rule out the possibility of becoming an exile , but that will not be because I want to be .
It never is .
Oh , and by the way , those who object to being called ' dimwitted ' by me have a simple remedy .
Do n't say dimwitted things , and especially spare me any repetitions of the ' what about alcohol and tobacco , then , eh ? ' attempted defence of cannabis .
If I urged the unrestricted sale of alcohol and tobacco , they might just have a small point .
Since I support legal restrictions on both ( both for reasons repeatedly given on this site - I do not believe that legally banning their possession would work , whereas it would with cannabis ) , they have no point at all .
This argument annoys me especially because it is so dishonest , given that those who use it have no actual interest in curbing the use of any poison , merely in preventing serious action against the poison they favour .
It also annoys me because its proponents did not even think of it themselves , but bought it retail , ready made in easy - to - swallow capsules .
I suspect ( because it is so common ) that this non-argument is being widely taught it in school in ' PSHE ' indoctrination sessions , and that those who advance it have never thought about it all , because it suited their own interests to swallow it whole .
I think it is good for such people to realise that others regard them as dimwitted - for parroting weak and wicked arguments foisted on them by irresponsible teachers .
They and these teachers ought to be forced to do weekend shifts in the cannabis wards in our mental hospitals .
Meanwhile , the jibe that they are ' dimwitted ' , a mild one under the circumstances , might make them think about the subject , perhaps for the first time in their sheltered lives .
Excerpts of his military record , obtained by The Associated Press , show Sgt. Russell previously did two one - year tours of duty in Iraq , one starting in April 2003 and another beginning November 2005 .
The stress of repeat and extended tours is considered a main contributor to mental health problems among troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Romania 's withdrawal of the theory of evolution from the school curriculum could be evidence of a growing conservative tendency in teaching .
Evolution has been removed from the school curriculum in a move which , pressure groups argue , distorts children 's understanding of how the world came into being .
...
The theory of the Origin of Species and the evolution of humans is no longer present in the compulsory curriculum , through a nationwide decision made under the previous Government in 2006 .
Before the change , Darwin 's theory was taught to pupils aged 18 or 19 years old .
This was also in the curriculum during the Communist period of dictator Nicolae Ceausescu .
Information on natural selection , how fish turned into lizards and , more or less , a summary of the first 4.5 billion years of the world until man walked the earth is now optional .
At present , children are taught religious classes from ages seven to 18 .
This is mostly an Orthodox curriculum .
They are also taught that to sleep in on Sunday mornings is bad because children should be going to church .
" It 's not being taught about religion and what it means , " said one headmistress .
If a parent wants their child not to attend the classes , because they are , for example , Jewish , Muslim or agnostic , he or she has to draft a letter to the school .
The child then sits in a library or the head teacher 's office working on , say , maths or languages .
But there are new proposals to make all religious classes compulsory for the education system , regardless of the parents ' wishes .
All children who do not want to attend Religion classes would attend a Moral and Religious Education class .
But there is no one qualified to teach Moral and Religious Education .
Some teachers fear that the classes will , with minor additions , be the same Orthodox curriculum dictated by a religious studies teacher to a single Jew , Muslim or Humanist in a library or staff room .
brave
* aka barking madness .
A heroic commenter debunks this story .
See here for the full scoop .
Speaking personally I am slightly embarrassed I did n't figure this out on my own , and considerably amused that the Conservapeons have n't figured it out yet , either .
For those who do n't routinely follow the news from comparatively obscure eastern European nations , I have learned recently that Romania has decided to remove the teaching of evolution from its science curriculum :
Those who have even a passing familiarity with science realize that this is an enormous step backwards .
Those of us who are familiar with the " debate " between evolution and creationsim , * however , realize what the driving force behind the change is .
Hint : it 's not the educational interests of the children .
So , to sum up , evolution has been removed entirely from the schools and biology instruction reduced .
At the same time , however , students take classes in religion for eleven years and these classes may soon be mandatory .
Brilliant .
As you might guess , the usual crew of raving idiots are all sorts of excited by this development .
Hell , you should see how they defend the mandatory religious education part .
Perhaps with a few decades of this type of education , Romanians will start to think that this is a good depiction of evolutionary theory and its potential rebuttal :
Welcome to aignorant new future .
A heroic commenter debunks this story .
See here for the full scoop .
Speaking personally I am slightly embarrassed I did n't figure this out on my own , and considerably amused that the Conservapeons have n't figured it out yet , either .
Labels : cartoons , creationism , Drek is Annoyed , evolution , news
R S'LING ( Swe ) 28 v R NADAL ( Spa ) 2
4 -6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 5- 7
GAME-BY - GAME UPDATES :
By Jonathan Stevenson
606 : DEBATE
To get involved , text our Wimbledon team on 81111 or use 606
FIFTH SET
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 5 - 7 Nadal
Soderling lashes two forehands wide to give Rafa two match points .
The first he nets , the second he misses wide by two inches .
He gets another thanks to two massive forehands but nets again .
Unbelievable .
He sets up yet another match point with the most remarkable cross-court pass from the back of the court before Soderling replies in kind , tennis of the very highest quality .
Finally Soderling goes wide and then long - which he unsuccessfully challenges - and it is all over .
Nadal drops to his knees in sheer relief - what a super - human effort from the number two seed .
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 5 - 6 Nadal
You could not make this up .
Slowly but surely , the umbrellas begin to go up .
Rafa turns around from his chair and looks with disgust at the fans holding brollies in the air .
Mercifully , we carry on .
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 5 - 6 Nadal
This time it 's Soderling who goes long and wide to hand Rafa the advantage , before the Spaniard gifts two points and then the Swede puts away a fine volley to get break point .
Unfortunately for him , Rafa 's top - spin forehand is too heavy to handle and after a blinding rally at deuce , he lashes a short ball home to edge ahead once more .
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 5 - 5 Nadal
A flukey net cord hands Soderling the perfect start and Rafa goes long and wide before a brutal serve levels us up again .
Nothing in it .
How long could this last ?
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 4 - 5 Nadal
Good power from the Swede , who out - rallies Rafa first up .
But the Spaniard replies with three big serves to take control and Soderling goes long to hand Rafa the game .
The pumped up cheers are coming from the crowd , a smattering of Spaniards , presumably .
" I like the body language of Nadal already , he 's got a spring in his step and he must be desperate to find a way to win this match "
BBC Sport pundit Greg Rusedski
1150 BST : It 's 0 - 0 , we go again .
Well not quite , but you know what I mean .
About a thousand hours after this match was scheduled to get under way , Rafa and Robin have it all to do .
It 's 4 - 4 , fifth set , nerves o'clock .
Let 's rock and roll .
By Ben Dirs & Mark Barden
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 4 - 4 Nadal
A rumble of thunder above SW19 and a groan from the crowd - off we go again ... Nadal has got the raving hump , and so would you .
They 'll have to try again on Wednesday .
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 4 - 4 Nadal
Nadal balloons a forehand long with most of the court to aim at and Soderling moves to 30 - 0 with an overhead .
An ace takes Soderling to 40 - 0 and another big serve wins him the game .
A bread and butter hold .
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 3 - 4 Nadal
Soderling looked like he wanted to jack this match in during the first two sets , but he 's got the eye of the tiger today .
Another couple of unforced errors from Nadal , going long with a sliced backhand before sticking an attempted drop shot into the net , hands Soderling two break points .
Soderling blows the first , lamely plopping a forehand into the net , and Nadal finds a robust serve to take the game to deuce .
Soderling goes long with a backhand before putting another forehand into the net - Nadal showing some mongrel to hold .
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 3 - 3 Nadal
Soderling sticks a forehand long before Nadal goes wide and long with a top - spin forehand - very un -Rafa .
The Swede dredges up an ace , outlasts Nadal in a baseline rally and finds another ace to take the game .
All square ...
1821 : Nadal , I 've noticed , has a problem with his shorts , in that they keep on getting stuck up his jacksie and he has to pull them out before every point .
Not sure why he does n't just get a size up , he 's probably loaded .
1815 : Players are back on court and should be under way in a few minutes , although it 's looking a bit murky again over Court One ... I was at Wimbledon yesterday and watched the first two and a half sets of this match .
Other than that , it was a rubbish day out - six quid for a Pimms and it lobbed it down all day .
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 2 - 3 Nadal
Nadal fires down an ace for 40 - 30 then plays the shot of the match , diving to his right to not only reach a Soderling passing shot but dropping it delicately over the net .
But that 's all the action for now as lightning forces play to be suspended .
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 2 - 2 Nadal
Soderling wins his service game to love to level the match .
He 's looking fired up while Nadal is misfiring .
Clearly , all the delays have not helped the Spaniard 's mood .
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 1 - 2 Nadal
Play resumes at 30 - 30 on Nadal 's serve and Soderling wins the first two points to break back .
It 's 1640 BST on Tuesday - this match started on Saturday afternoon , which tells you all you need to know about the weather at Wimbledon this year ...
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 0 - 2 Nadal
Nadal loses his footing in the increasingly moist conditions to gift Soderling 15 - 30 but he recovers to 30 - 30 before the rain returns with a vengeance .
That 's it folks , but Rafa finds time to sign the odd giant tennis ball and autograph book as the downpour continues .
Bless him .
See you back here on Tuesday morning - weather permitting , of course .
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 0 - 2 Nadal
There 's a matador flourish from Nadal as he goes 15 - 40 up .
He 's looking more pumped than he has for a long time as he finally gives Soderling a taste of his own medicine .
Rafa gets the break .
Olé !
Soderling 4 - 6 4-6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 0 - 1 Nadal
There 's a bit of eyeballing going on as Nadal , in a crisp , fresh top , mixes things up with power and precision - including a beautifully soft - handed drop shot at the net - to go ahead .
FOURTH SET
Soderling 4 - 6 4 -6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 6 - 4 Nadal
The Swede 's serve is still working to good effect as he holds comfortably and make it two sets all .
He 's raring to go for the decider but it sure is getting dark out there .
If it was a cricket match , the light meter would be out .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 -6 7 - 6 ( 9 - 7 ) 5 - 4 Nadal
Nadal holds to stay in the set but Soderling knows his chance to close out and level the match is coming up after the changeover .
The umpire is on the phone - presumably telling the missus to keep his tea in the oven .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 -6 7 - 6 ( 9 - 7 ) 5 - 3 Nadal
Nadal balloons a forehand way out of court and Soderling then hits an huge ace to underline his increasing dominance in this set .
It 's all going his way right now whereas Nadal is looking thoroughly miserable .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 -6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 4 - 3 Nadal
Nadal is in all sorts of trouble again in the flat , damp conditions .
He challenges a double fault call at 0 - 30 but Hawk - Eye proves him wrong and Soderling is soon a break up .
If he wins this set , the match surely can't finish tonight .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 -6 7 - 6 ( 9 - 7 ) 3 - 3 Nadal
World number 28 Soderling is winning over 70 % of the points on his first serve and keeps up that record to level matters .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 -6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 2 - 3 Nadal
Soderling blames a bad bounce as he hooks out for 0 - 30 , but Nadal looks more composed as he regains the lead .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 -6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 2 - 2 Nadal
Two big serves and a sizzling forehand down the line give the Swede 40 - 0 .
A double fault gives Nadal a glimmer of hope but it 's quickly extinguished .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 -6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 1 - 2 Nadal
A frustrated Nadal is making some uncharacteristic errors , and a long cross-court forehand gives Soderling 15 - 30 , but the second seed recovers and holds with a deft drop shot and volley at the net .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 -6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 1 - 1 Nadal
Soderling is serving well , hitting one unplayable 135 mph effort .
Nadal really looks like he wishes he was back in the locker - room having wrapped it up in three sets .
He clearly does n't enjoy playing in these gloomy , damp conditions .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 -6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) 0 - 1 Nadal
Nadal wins his serve in the first game fairly comfortably - he looks intent on putting Soderling under pressure and ending this before it gets too dark .
THIRD SET
Soderling 4 - 6 4 -6 7 -6 ( 9 - 7 ) Nadal
The tie - break resumes at 7 - 7 .
Nadal serves but Soderling breaks for 8 - 7 then serves out to take the set .
The Spaniard does not look best pleased .
1910 BST : The covers are coming off again .
Fingers crossed that Rafa and Robin can get their show back on the road this time .
We should be underway soon ...
1800 BST : The covers are removed but , you 'll never guess , it starts to rain and on they come again .
Nadal and Soderling remain in the locker - room .
By Sam Lyon
Soderling 4 - 6 4 -6 6 - 6 ( 7 - 7 ) Nadal
A topsy - turvy breaker goes one way and then the other , Soderling twice battling back from a mini - break down and recovering from 4 - 2 down to lead 5 - 4 on serve and then 6 - 5 with a mini break thanks to a fantastic volley at the net .
Nadal saves it , though , when Soderling shanks an overhead smash and the Spaniard secures match - point with brilliant and desperate defensive tennis .
Unbelievably , Nadal 's attempted forehand winner misses - confirmed on appeal to Hawk - Eye - and play is suspended with the breaker at 7 - 7 because of rain .
Would you Adam it ...
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 6 - 6 Nadal
It will be a third - set tie - break people - but only just .
Soderling takes the game to deuce with good aggression in the face of defensive Nadal tactics , but the Spaniard 's crunching forehand saves him .
And it 's starting to drizzle ...
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 6 - 5 Nadal
Brilliant from Soderling , holding to love and producing a fist - pump up there with the mighty Tim Henman .
Oh who am I kidding , the Henman punch is lame - o is n't it ?
Soderling 's on the other hand was rather impressive .
It 's tight and it 's tense on Court One .
Well it is in this set anyway .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 5 - 5 Nadal
There 's a bit of needle between these two now - if it erupts into fisticuffs I advise Soderling to take out Nadal 's giant left arm early and brush away the feeble right one , the Spaniard aint going to tickle you to death with that - and Nadal holds to 15 with a series of pounding groundstrokes .
Tricky times these for Soderling now .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 5 - 4 Nadal
Terrific resistance from Nadal , who stays in the set with an expertly - crafted break , taking on Soderling 's forehand before earning two game points with a superb lob .
The Swede errs yet again , double faulting , and we 're back on serve .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 5 - 3 Nadal
Nadal takes the opportunity between games to peel on a new shirt - much to the delight of a couple of cheeky ladies in the crowd - but it does not have the desired effect as a couple of errors bring up another break point for Soderling and the Swede takes it at the first time of asking with a crunching unreturnable forehand .
" Nadal 's coach and uncle Toni in the crowd is looking concerned for the first time in the match , and so he should . "
BBC Sport pundit Greg Rusedski
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 4 - 3 Nadal
Unlike in the second set , when Soderling failed to consolidate his break , the Swede holds to 30 , finishing off with an ace .
He 's not quite full ablaze yet , but Soderling is quietly smouldering on Court One at the moment .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 3 - 3 Nadal
Soderling makes his move , trading blows with Nadal and coming out on top to move 30 - 15 up , but yet another simple mistake on the backhand gifts the initiative right back to the number two seed .
However , after wasting two break - back opportunities , the Swede takes the third chance when a Nadal pass goes long .
That was Soderling 's ninth break point and he 's taken just two .
How different this match might 've been if he could have improved on that statistic .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 2 - 3 Nadal
Soderling holds to love with more brutal work on his serve , but his problem is that he has so far been unable to do that consistently enough .
Nadal is so unconcerned he asks for an umbrella , cherry and curly straw for his fruit drink as he puts his feet up during the mid-game interval .
Well he might as well have ...
" It 's no good just putting the ball back in play ( on the Nadal serve ) - Soderling has to be even more aggressive .
He has got nothing to lose . "
BBC Sport Hawk - Eye analyst Jason Goodall
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 1 - 3 Nadal
Sensational work from Nadal , who fends off a barrage of Soderling groundstrokes before dripping a brilliant crosscourt backhand winner into the corner .
Umpire Ullrich has a word to Nadal about speeding up between points , not that it appears to have much impact on the laid back Spaniard , and it's a comfortable hold to 15 .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 1 - 2 Nadal
Bit of eye contact and verbals from Soderling after Nadal makes him look a right wally with a well disguised drop shot on his way to battling back from 40 - 15 down to break point , brought up with a delightful lob .
The Spaniard misses the first opportunity but great defence on his second break chance forces the error from Soderling and that 's the break .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 1 - 1 Nadal
More good aggression from Soderling , who is really going for the line each shot , and he chases down a Nadal drop shot for the first time in the match to move to 30 - 30 on the Spaniard 's serve .
A chip -and - charge forces the error from Nadal to bring up break point but , once again , Soderling errs on an easy forehand and the chance goes .
" I 'm liking Soderling 's attitude at the moment .
He 's hitting the ball harder and being a lot more positive .
Still , though , he is making elementary mistakes . "
BBC Sport pundit Greg Rusedski
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 1 - 0 Nadal
It 's a strange kind of atmosphere out on Court One .
Either the Pimms has yet to kick in for the Wimbledon faithful , or it kicked in about two hours ago and there 's a stadium - wide afternoon lull going on .
Either way , a competitive third - set opener is greeted with only light applause until the rally of the match so far ends with Nadal delicately dropping the ball over the net to bring up break point .
Soderling responds with a massive ace and brings out another unreturnable serve on Nadal 's second break point moments later before going on to hold .
SECOND SET
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 6 Nadal
He may be out - matched today , but Soderling will not be out - fought .
The Swede shows good touch and power to keep Nadal on the defensive in a couple of rallies , forcing errors from the Spaniard that bring him 30 - 15 up against the serve .
However , with Soderling prowling the net looking for break point , Nadal drills a forehand crosscourt winner and goes on to hold thanks to two long passes from the Swede .
That 's two sets to love and I can't see a way back for Soderling now .
Soderling 4 - 6 4 - 5 Nadal
Good aggression from Soderling , who finds a series of first serves to hold to 15 .
Soderling 4 - 6 3 - 5 Nadal
A favourable net cord off a blistering backhand gives Soderling the first point since the break , but Nadal hits his groove early , clipping another drop shot successfully and then serve - volleying for two game points .
He takes the first when a Soderling return goes wide and the Swede must serve to stay in the set and , effectively if you ask me , the match .
1614 : Apart from the rain delays , the other thing I will remember the first seven days of this Wimbledon for is the palest , identikit ball boys and girls ever known to the competition .
Besides the BFG teenager that attented the net for Maria Sharapova 's match the other day , all of them are short , skinny and so pale they almost reflect the sun .
How odd .
Anyway .
we 're underway in a minute people ...
1609 BST : A fourth knock - up of the match for Nadal and Soderling is underway , so let 's keep our fingers crossed the sun stays strong .
" It 's just rubbish , all this on - and - off lark , is n't it ? "
Pat Cash on BBC Five Live
Wise words Pat , wise words ...
1515 BST : Actually , scrap that , it actually is pretty darn threatening so it looks like we 're in for another break .
How about spending the time in the interim doing some work ?
No ?
Alright , scanning the interwobble for amusing pix and videos it is then ...
1459 BST : Oh dear , here we go again , the rain returns , the players stroll off and the covers come on .
It 's nothing too threatening at the moment , but it 's another frustrating delay .
1458 BST : The players are out warming up , but it 's still a bit chancey out there .
A big black cloud threatens overhead and a few supporters are covering up with macs and rain - coats - including quite possibly the hairiest man ever seen , who looks like he 's wearing gloves ... but is n't .
1450 BST : Things are looking up folks ... the covers are off and the sun is out .
However , I foolishly missed the opportunity to grab some nosebag during the rain , so if anyone fancies shipping me in a spot of lunch , feel free ...
1345 BST : I tell you what , I could teach the likes of John Kettley and Michael Fish a thing or two - it 's raining again and the covers are coming back on .
Hhmmm .
1342 BST : Apparently the latest is that the Wimbledon big - wigs are waiting to see what the big black cloud looming over the courts does before deciding whether to resume play .
Now I 'm no meteorological expert , but I reckon the cloud , being black in colour , will burst and start to spill drops of rain onto the ground below but hey , you never know ...
1333 BST : Just the briefest of showers it would appear in SW19 and already the covers are coming back off .
Prompt a couple of high - pitched whoops and whistles from a group of teenage girls in the stands .
You know the sort - the ones that still whoop at the cinema when the certification holder is shown right before the start of the film .
Pesky kids .
Anyway , we should be looking at getting back underway in the next 10 - 15 minutes .
" When Rafael started complaining about the rain in that game I thought Soderling would ease through it , but once again the Spaniard found a way to win .
It must be heartbreaking for Soderling . "
BBC Sport pundit Greg Rusedski
Soderling 4 - 6 3 - 4 Nadal
Bad news - the rain starts to come down and Nadal looks set to storm off court without the umpire 's say - so at one point .
Umpire Steve Ullrich puts the Spaniard firmly in his place , explaining " no , you must play , I did not call the suspension and I 'm in charge " .
Nadal slopes off like a scolded school - child ... but he responds by breaking right back .
Soderling can't cope with some brutal groundstrokes and the Spaniard breaks to 15 .
Then , much to Soderling 's evident annoyance , play is suspended at the mid-game interval .
Harsh on the Swede , that .
Soderling 4 - 6 3 - 3 Nadal
Some talk in the commentary box about Nadal 's delaying tactics , the Spaniard taking between 22 and 28 seconds between each point .
Oh the banter between Rusedski and Andrew Castle , you really should hear them .
Ahem .
Another glimmer for Soderling , who brings up his third break point with a forehand winner , but it is quickly snuffed out by a wide backhand return .
He brings up another break point but again Nadal survives thanks to an exquisite drop shot .
But it 's third time lucky for the Swede !
A fantastic rally , with Nadal forcing back Soderling groundstokes time and again before the Swede volleys the winner and , hello , the crowd have woken up !
Soderling 4 - 6 2 - 3 Nadal
Soderling bounces back with a hold to love to keep his interest in the match .
FYI , there 's a kind of turf warfare in the office at the moment , with my cricket editor duelling with the Wimbledon editor for my services .
I 'd love to say I feel oh so loved , but I 've just been informed it 's because a load of people have called in sick .
Monday sickies - always the giveaway of a big weekend no ?
Anyway , I 'm sticking with Nadders in the hope he actually topples over under the weight of his freakishly rippled left arm .
Soderling 4 - 6 1 - 3 Nadal
More nice work from Nadal , who is mixing up his game well - one minute trading groundstokes from deep in the court , the next serve - volleying for winners .
He holds to 15 .
Soderling 4 - 6 1 - 2 Nadal
No sign of Rusedski's tipped Soderling breakdown just yet , but he 's having to work for every point at the moment .
The Swede moves to 40 - 0 up with some big serves , but Nadal gets back to deuce with some pressure tennis .
According to Rusedski , the best time to gain a break is when you 're 0 - 40 down in a game - what on earth ?!
If that is what we 're teaching British tennis players these days , no wonder we 're pigging useless ( except Lord Murray of course ) .
Anyway , Nadal can't quite break , Soderling 's seventh ace helping him to eventually hold and that was crucial you feel .
Soderling 4 - 6 0 - 2 Nadal
He might look good on the tennis court , but Nadal - with one arm so much bigger than the other - must look ridiculous sporting those soppy vest tops in the bar afterwards .
Someone should tell that man to swap arms from time to time when doing his bicep curls .
Still , the left arm is pumping nicely out there at the crucial times , even in the face of a couple of drilled Soderling backhands .
The Swede brings up his second break point of the match when Nadal sends a simple forehand long , but a big second serve grazes the line and Nadal goes on to hold with another drop shot , prompting Soderling to slam his racket into the turf .
" Soderling has been known to lose it from time to time during matches and , with everything going against him in the match so far , he looks on the edge of a breakdown any minute . "
BBC Sport pundit Greg Rusedski
Soderling 4 - 6 0 - 1 Nadal
Unfortunately for Soderling , his serve has lost its edge somewhat and Nadal is increasingly getting his groundstrokes ticking .
The Spaniard dominates the important rallies , bringing up a break point with a backhand winner , and he seals the game with a delightful drop shot .
FIRST SET
Soderling 4 - 6 Nadal
An unforced error on a long backhand early in the game bodes ill for Soderling and Nadal does not have to make a return after that , the Swede failing to find the court despite the number two seed not finding a first serve in the entire game .
A polite smattering of applause and cheering from what is far from a capacity crowd on Court One .
There are enough work - shy fops in attendance to ensure there is some atmosphere , though , and it might pick up if Soderling can get his serve pumping again .
Soderling 4 - 5 Nadal
Impressive work from Soderling , serving to stay in the set , sending down four big serves , each of them unreturnable , on his way to a hold to love .
Soderling 3 - 5 Nadal
Without really hitting his straps yet , Nadal is in command here .
A hold to 15 , including his first ace of the match , and the Spaniard is finding a way in this match .
Soderling 3 - 4 Nadal
The commentator 's curse strikes for Soderling as Nadal breaks to 15 .
The Swede 's first serve abandons him and Nadal takes advantage , bullying the points on his way to two break points before Soderling opts to leave a simple volley at the net thinking a passing shot will go long , but it drops well in and the 28th seed looks like someone 's just returned his prized Jaguar after a jaunty Sunday drive with burger - sauce stains on the back seat .
" It 's amazing how it always happens on the seventh game . "
BBC Sport pundit Greg Rusedski
Soderling 3 - 3 Nadal
A couple of sliced drop - shots from deep in the court give Nadal the early advantage and two bludgeoned forehands force the errors that earn the Spaniard a comfortable hold .
Soderling 3 - 2 Nadal
The rather provocatively named bootynstretch on 606 suggests " Rafa is going to really struggle with Soderling , the Swede is quality on grass " - and he / she / it could well be right .
More big serving from Soderling keeps Nadal out of the action , winning the game to 15 , and it looks like we are in for a close encounter here .
Soderling 2 - 2 Nadal
Better from Nadal , who forces a couple of poor returns from Soderling and then drills a forehand cross -court winner to bring up game point .
A miraculous squash - shot backhand on the backcourt line seals it and we 're back level .
Soderling 2 - 1 Nadal
Comfortable hold to love for Soderling , who strikes two aces on his way to the game .
Nadal often starts slowly , so this is n't a disastrous start for him just yet , but he will want to settle soon .
" Nadal is still searching for form , and the timing is just not right on his passing shots . "
BBC Sport pundit Greg Rusedski
Soderling 1 - 1 Nadal
Nadal pumps down a couple of big serves , but still his groundstrokes are not quite on the money and Soderling brings the game to deuce thanks to another unforced error from the number two seed .
A long forehand return hands Soderling break point , after an unsuccessful challenge on the line call from the Spaniard , but the Swede misses out on the second serve , striking a backhand wide on game point .
Nadal eventually holds with a serve- volley and it's relief all round for the Spanish fans .
Soderling 1 - 0 Nadal
Some early signs of how this match might turn out - Soderling goes 15 - 0 up with a huge unreturnable serve on the line , before Nadal snatches the next point with a forehand winner , coming out on top after a backcourt rally .
Not yet firing on all cylinders yet , though , the Spaniard and a couple of unforced errors hand the Swede a hold to 15 .
" There 's nothing you can say about Rafael Nadal that has n't already been said .
He 's an exceptional tennis player and his record at Wimbledon - 11 wins , three losses - is not bad at all . "
BBC Sport pundit Greg Rusedski
1203 BST : The players are out and warming up , with the promise of some tennis within minutes ...
For the record , these two have met just once before , Nadal beating the Swede in straight sets in the French Open in last year .
1158 BST : Does anyone else find it rather amusing , in a is n't - it - a - touch - ridiculous kind of way , that the decision was taken not to have any play yesterday and then it turns out to be one of the nicest and brightest days in London we 've seen for a while .
Still , I 'm sure Nadal - who will have to play three matches in three days if he is to progress - will have enjoyed putting his feet up and enjoying a late afternoon bbq .
The fact that Roger Federer , favourite for the tournament and Nadal 's great rival , has a bye into the quarter - finals because of Tommy Haas 's stomach injury will be of no consternation to the Spaniard I 'm sure ...
1154 BST : Well , here we are folks - a mere 43 hours and 44 minutes since Rafael Nadal and Robin Soderling were forced to abandon the briefest of pre-match warm -ups on Saturday , the two players are nearing a resumption .
The covers are off , the court looks in decent shape and , shockingly , the sun is out .
Let 's hope it stays that way , not least for the sake of a few of my colleagues who are enjoying a day out of the office to enjoy the delights of Wimbledon tennis .
And not , for one moment they assure me , the Wimbledon bar , oh no .
By Tom Fordyce
1610 BST : There you go - brollies sprout like mushrooms in a dank cellar , and play has been suspended for rain .
Rafa 's relieved .
The silver lining to those clouds is that , if we fail to get any more play today , the spectators will get a 100 % refund as we have n't had a full hour 's play .
By four minutes .
1606 BST : Nadal approaches the umpo's chair and seems to be saying that the court is dangerous as the surface is becoming wet .
The blazered official waves him away , but dark clouds are looming .
1600 BST : Rafa and Robin are knocking up on Centre Court , but there 's a bit of drizzle in the air again .
There are downpours promised later in the day - in fact , any time now .
Lakshmi Mittal tops the list for the fifth year in a row The UK 's super - rich have seen their wealth fall in the past year during the economic downturn , according to this year 's Sunday Times Rich List .
The top 1,000 richest people in the country now have £ 258bn between them , it estimates - down from last year 's record of £ 413bn .
Over the past 12 months the number of billionaires has fallen from 75 to 43 .
Indian steel tycoon Lakshmi Mittal , and family , are top again with £ 10.8 bn , down a huge 61 % from 2008 .
' None immune ' " Never in the 21 - year history of the Rich List has the collective affluence of those who live and work in Britain fallen by so much , " says BBC business correspondent Joe Lynam .
" The super - rich may be better placed to weather the worst recession in 30 years , but if this list is accurate it shows that none are immune from it . "
RICH LIST TOP 10 1 . Lakshmi Mittal and family , steel ( £ 10.88bn ) 2 . Roman Abramovich , oil and industry ( £ 7bn ) 3 .
The Duke of Westminster , property ( £ 6.5 bn ) 4 . Ernesto and Kirsty Bertarelli , pharmaceuticals ( £5 bn ) 5 . Hans Rausing and family , packaging ( £ 4bn ) 6 . Sir Philip and Lady Green , retailing ( £ 3.83 bn ) 7 . Charlene and Michel de Carvalho , inheritance , brewing and banking ( £ 2.96 bn ) 8 . Sammy and Eyal Ofer , shipping and property ( £ 2.68 bn ) 9 = John Fredriksen , shipping ( £ 2.5 bn ) 9 = David and Simon Reuben , property ( £ 2.5 bn ) 9 = Kirsten and Jorn Rausing , inheritance and investment ( £ 2.5 bn ) 9 = Joe Lewis , foreign exchange and investment ( £ 2.5 bn ) Russian oligarch and Chelsea football club owner Roman Abramovich is at second place again , although his pot of cash has fallen by 40 % , to £ 7bn from £ 11.7 bn .
Meanwhile across London , fellow Russian billionaire and Arsenal shareholder Alisher Usmanov has seen his fortune drop a massive 74 % to £ 1.5 bn .
Completing the bad news for football - related businessmen is Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley , who saw his wealth fall by a half from last year , down from £ 1.4bn to £ 700 m .
Other well - known names have been hit , according to the list .
Virgin boss Sir Richard Branson is reported to have lost 56 % of his wealth , shedding £ 1.5 bn and is now worth £ 1.2 bn .
Meanwhile , Formula 1 motor racing chief Bernie Ecclestone lost £ 934 m , leaving him at £ 1.46 bn , the list reported .
The richest British - born billionaire is the land and property owning Duke of Westminster , who has seen his wealth shrink to £ 6.5 bn from £ 7bn .
Cheap pound
In fourth spot are Ernesto and Kirsty Bertarelli : the former Miss UK winner and her husband have a £ 5.6 bn fortune based on pharmaceuticals .
Their fortune has shrunk by a relatively modest 12 % over the year .
But it is not all gloom - the former boss of supermarket chain Morrisons , Sir Ken Morrison , has seen his fortune increase by 11 % , making him worth £ 1.6 bn .
The wealth of Peter and Denise Coates , owners of Stoke - based online sports betting website Bet365 , has gone up by 33 % , to £ 400 m .
And Harrods boss Mohammed al - Fayed has benefited from a cheap pound - his fortune stands at £ 650 m , up 17 % on last year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Preaching the Web as the new programming model , Google officials lauded several technologies , including 3D browser capabilities and an ability to easily add Google applications to Web pages , at the Google I/O conference on Wednesday .
The company also said it would give out 4,000 Android phones to attendees at the event in San Francisco for the purpose of boosting development on the platform .
Executives from Google and partners touted HTML 5 as a cornerstone technology enabling a range of capabilities in the browser visualization space .
[ Last month , Google added Java to its App Engine cloud service , a move that drew the ire of Sun 's open source chief . ]
Also highlighted were a range of developments like an expansion of Java developer access to the Google App Engine cloud platform .
Google discussed the upcoming Google Web Toolkit 2.0 , which is set to feature such enhancements as browser - based debugging capabilities .
Google CEO Eric Schmidt preached an Internet - based programming model as a successor to mainframe and PC models .
" We finally now have the networks , the businesses , the programmers , the programming tools that can build the kind of platform and the kind of opportunities that I want to highlight , " Schmidt said .
Meanwhile , Vic Gundotra , Google vice president of engineering and a former Microsoft employee , told attendees to never underestimate the Web .
" It 's a mistake I once made , " he said .
Gundotra recalled once believing Web applications could never rival desktop applications .
But Google 's 2004 acquisition of Keyhole , which offered visualization technology that let to Google 's Maps application marked a change , he said .
The Web has won , Gundotra said .
" It has become the dominant programming model for our time , " he said .
HTML 5 , said Gundotra , has enabled a move beyond Web 2.0 applications .
Chief among the HTML 5 - inspired technologies demonstrated was Canvas , offering drawing and animation APIs with pixel - level control .
Gundotra chided Microsoft for standing alone amongst browser vendors in not supporting Canvas its Internet Explorer browser .
" Obviously , Microsoft , with its very large market share , could do much to move the Web forward , " said Gundotra .
Microsoft could not be reached to comment on its Canvas plans on Wednesday .
Google 's open source O3D project was detailed .
It offers 3D graphics inside the browser and featuring a JavaScript API .
A demonstration of O3D showed it running inside Google 's Chrome browser .
But enabling rich 3D graphics inside browsers by default will require a common set of APIs , said Matthew Papakipos , Google engineering director .
Google is working with other browser vendors , such as Apple and Mozilla , on such an effort .
" We still have a long way to go , but we 've begun the process , " Papakipos said .
He also urged developers to build real - world applications for 3D .
Also cited was an HTML 5 capability enabling browsers to better handle video .
The company also launched Google Web Elements , for adding Google applications such as Maps , Search , News and Calendar to a Web site or blog .
Developers simply copy and paste the Google application onto a site .
In expanding Java developer access to App Engine from a select few to a broader range of developers , Google Tech Lead Kevin Gibbs noted developers thus far have been able to get a range of languages running on App Engine via the Java Virtual Machine , including JRuby , Scala , Groovy , and PHP .
" The interest in our Java language support since we launched [ Java capabilities for App Engine ] a month and a half ago has been remarkable , " Gibbs said .
Google in coming months plans to fit App Engine with background processing for jobs and large objects support for applications .
In detailing Google Web Toolkit 2.0 , Google 's Andrew Bowers , a product management official , said the release would offer developer - guided code splitting , or runAsynch , for splitting JavaScript files across multiple files .
This technology is intended to address a situation in which the JavaScript code base would grow as developers use HTML 5 capabilities .
Without a solution , users would have to wait and wait for an application to finish loading , he explained .
The planned " Donut " release of Google 's Android mobile phone software was highlighted , featuring a text - to - speech API .
Google also announced the second phase of its Android Developer Challenge , through which developers can build applications for the mobile platform .
Awards will be presented to the top applications , with these announced in November .
Mozilla Vice President Jay Sullivan touted JavaScript performance in the planned Firefox 3.5 browser .
" JavaScript performance is three times faster than it was in 3.0 and 10 times faster than it was in 2.0 , " he said .
Sullivan lauded the Web as a development platform .
" More than any single operating system , the Web is going to drive the innovation and the new services that are going to do amazing things for people around the world , " he said .
Video on the Web , meanwhile , must be freed from " plug - in prison , " Sullivan said .
He also cautioned against fragmentation of the Web and stressed that standards need to be held together .
Browser vendors need to work together on this , he said .
This story , " Code for the Web , Google Tells Developers " was originally published by InfoWorld .
Is David Attenborough set to reveal the Missing Link in human evolution ?
The BBC has made an extraordinary new documentary , presented by Sir David Attenborough , which will reveal the discovery of a fossilised skeleton that may be a vital ‘ missing link ’ in human evolution .
The 90 - minute programme is top secret but The Mail on Sunday has learned from sources in America that the results of the study on which it is based will be revealed by a team of scientists and broadcasters in New York on May 19 .
The centrepiece of the programme is the unveiling of the first - ever complete skeleton of an extinct animal called an adapid .
Relative values : Sir David Attenborough with a lemur - one of the creatures at the centre of the fossil debate
The fossilised bones , which are thought to be between 37 and 47 million years old , were found in Germany ’s Messel Shale Pit , a disused quarry near Frankfurt famous for its fossils .
The team who examined the young female animal say it has some resemblance to a lemur , a mammal with a distinctive tail that is found to this day in the forests of Madagascar .
But Sir David ’s documentary will explain that the researchers have , controversially , concluded the fossil ‘ is not simply a lemur ’ but from a related group of primates which evolved into monkeys , apes and human beings .
The BBC programme is based on a scientific study to be published by the Public Library of Science , a leading academic journal with offices in Cambridge and San Francisco .
Last night , the study ’s co-author , Philip Gingerich , the president - elect of the US Paleontological Society , said : ‘ I examined this skeleton .
It is exceptionally complete and it is well - dated .
We have kept it under wraps because you ca n’t blither about something until you understand it .
We now understand it .
It is going to advance our knowledge of evolution . ’
Prof Gingerich confirmed he had spoken to Sir David .
The significance of the discovery , according to New York ’s academic community , is that it could resolve the fierce debate about which kind of primates humans are descended from .
Some palaeontologists believe we evolved from the adapids – but that theory is hotly contested .
The new skeleton appears to be a previously unknown type of adapid which would be the ‘ missing link ’ between small mammals and the apes which evolved into humans .
The study ’s authors insist that the fossil ca n’t be a lemur because it lacks two features : the ‘ toothcomb ’ , a set of lower front teeth used to groom fur ; and ‘ toilet claws ’ , toes on the hind feet used for scratching .
Half of the fossil was found a few years ago , but it was only when the rest of the body was discovered last year that scientists realised its importance .
The ground - breaking research was only possible after Norway ’s National History Museum managed to buy the two parts of the fossil from private collectors .
The study , led by Norway ’s Professor Jorn Hurum , says the fossil is so well - preserved that its soft tissues and stomach contents can be analysed .
Christened Darwinius masillae , it belonged to an extinct group of primates which lived in rainforests .
It was a female that was less than a year old but had been weaned and had developing teeth .
It had nails rather than claws and would have weighed just 2lb when fully grown .
When asked about the BBC documentary , Sir David said : ‘ I ’m afraid I am not allowed to talk about it . ’
Prof Hurum also refused to comment .
Why a wet nose could ruin research
While all the experts agree that the Messel fossil is an exciting discovery , some doubt that it will settle the debate about mankind ’s ancestors .
Professor Matt Cartmill of Boston University , a leading authority on primates , said : ‘ What remains to be shown is that this animal had features which link it decisively to higher primates .
If it turns out that it had a dry nose , like monkeys and people , rather than a wet nose like dog or a lemur , that could have a big impact on ideas about the origins of monkeys , apes and humans . ’
Roger Thomas , secretary of the US Paleontological Society , said : ‘ According to one group of thought , we are descended from the same primates as lemurs .
Another argument is that hominids evolved from another small primate , the tarsiidae . ’
Prof Cartmill added : ‘ This specimen could settle that debate but , if I had to put my money on it , my expectation would be that they will not be able to tell one way or another . ’
What do an elderly Oklahoma homeowner , a Virginia Citizen Militia member , and a Texas airline pilot all have in common these days ?
They 're all part of America 's massive gun-and - ammunition buying spree – a national arming - up effort that began before last year 's election of President Obama and continues unabated .
Across the United States , it has led to shortages of assault - style weapons , rising prices , and a broadening of gun culture to increasingly include older Americans , women and – gasp – liberals .
The causes are varied – from fears over crime , both rational and irrational , to the concern that Second Amendment rights will be curtailed by a Democrat - controlled Washington .
With the stock market deeply uncertain , some buyers simply think guns are a good investment .
The run on guns suggests a shift in public attitudes about gun rights , and it presents a snapshot of a country that has historically turned to powder and balls in times of turmoil .
" There 's the sort of stereotype that gun owners were middle - aged Republican white men who were fairly easy to isolate ... in order to regulate them out , " says Brent Mattis , a shooting instructor in Florida .
" Now that more women are owning guns , more liberals are owning guns , and just average everyday people who want to keep themselves and their family safe .
It 's turning into an incredibly strong political phenomenon . "
This is most evident on store shelves .
Select types of ammunition – ranging from the .308 caliber typical in self - defense guns to the .223 caliber usually associated with assault - style weapons – are nearly impossible to get in many parts of the country .
Prices are up by more than half over last year .
Assault - style weapons are back - ordered for months .
Springfield , Mass. , gunmaker Smith & Wesson is one of the few brights lights on Wall Street , its stock price up by 70 percent on the year .
A few weeks ago , the gunmaker took orders of over $ 9 million in one day .
The FBI is hiring extra processors to deal with a glut of background checks that have increased by 25 percent year to year every month since November – a good indicator of sales .
In the wheat - and - cattle corner of Oklahoma patrolled by Sheriff Bill Winchester , concealed - carry permit applications are up by 300 percent , including a request by an elderly man whose hands were so unsteady that he could barely scribble his name .
" There 's just so many people that would never have knocked on our doors before that are now coming in , " says Bob Roddy , a longtime clerk at Chuck 's Firearms in Norcross , Ga. , outside Atlanta .
" There 's a level of desperation which I do n't ever recall seeing before . "
It is not uncommon for gun and ammunition sales to cycle , sometimes dramatically .
They spiked after the election of Bill Clinton in 1992 , for example .
Mr. Clinton had promised more gun control , resulting in the 1994 assault weapons ban ( which expired in 2004 ) .
Mr. Obama , for his part , has n't made any overt gun- control gestures .
To the contrary , he has expounded on his support for the Second Amendment .
Even recent court decisions are in gun owners ' favor :
The Supreme Court upheld the right of homeowners to keep handguns for self - defense in the so - called Heller decision last year .
Some gun-control advocates are bewildered by the uptick .
" We find [ it ] disconcerting , " says Juliet Leftwich , legal director for the Legal Community Against Violence in San Francisco .
Yet gun owners see some worrying signs .
One proposed bill in Congress would mandate microstamping on bullet cartridges in an attempt to help law enforcement officials more easily track bullets used in crimes .
But it also has the potential to raise prices and outlaw home reloading shops .
South of the border , the pitched narco - war battles , partly fueled by US - bought military - style weapons , has brought renewed calls for regulation from gun-control advocates .
The buying trend , however , is far deeper and more prolonged than any knee - jerk reaction to an election or potential legislation , experts say .
Though liberals still favor gun control at far higher percentages than conservatives , Americans as a whole are edging in the direction of more gun rights , according to a recent poll by Rasmussen Reports , an independent polling firm in New Jersey .
A major piece of the shift is the perception among many Americans that crime is rising rapidly .
Nearly a third of Americans surveyed in the Rasmussen poll say crime has increased in their neighborhoods , and 72 percent say it 's very likely that crime will grow in the near - term .
The FBI reported in January that , nationwide , violent crime was down 3.5 percent in 2008 , robberies were down 2.2 percent , and car thefts declined by 12.6 percent .
Those statistics contrast with 2006 , when robberies , for example , jumped by nearly 10 percent .
The fears are in some cases taking on a Y2 K - like fervor , forecasting total social meltdown .
In times such as these , Americans have always reached for their guns , says David Kopel , research director for the Independence Institute , a free - market - oriented think tank in Golden , Colo .
He digs up a clipping from a Massachusetts newspaper published three months before the " Shot Heard Around the World " that started the Revolutionary War .
The article documented a vast gunpowder shortage blamed on " wolves and other beasts of prey " lurking about .
Modern fears are fueled by the prospect of an apocalyptic economic failure .
" The logic is simple , " says Tom Lee , a member of the Virginia Citizen Militia , which traces its roots to the Revolutionary War .
" People are seeing a looming economic collapse that will lead to a prolonged and possibly worsening breakdown of law and order and , eventually , a We - the - People vs. armed - government - enforcers scenario .
I 'm sure I 'm not the only one who sees through the Keynesian scam and sees the wisdom in preparing for the worst . "
In Missouri , state police recently sent out a report on militia activity warning officers to be suspicious of , among other things , cars with Ron Paul bumper stickers .
( The state subsequently removed references to politicians and political parties in response to an outcry . )
But while total numbers of guns sold is up in the US , some Americans wonder if the buy - up is n't more tied to business potential than fears of upheaval .
Airline pilot Jim Hamilton , a member of the newly formed Liberal Gun Club in Dallas , describes watching a businessman in a red golf shirt and Dockers pants emptying a whole shelf of .45 caliber ammo into a shopping bag at a gun store .
" He had every intention of cleaning off the shelf , and he looked up at me and smiled like a kid with his hand in the cookie jar , " says Mr. Hamilton .
" I was expecting stockpilers to be kind of the ex-military guy in ' camo ' burying it in his backyard for a zombie invasion .
Now , I 'm inclined to believe that people are not stockpiling for self - defense or civil unrest , but as an investment .
Maybe they 're not as worried about political issues as turning a profit . "
Mr. Winchester , the sheriff in Enid , Okla . , has the same thought .
" Guns have always been a good investment , " he says .
" Guns are as good as gold . "
1. Stop watching T.V .
2. Read books that take opposing points of view and then draw your own conclusions based on the information provided .
Never just assume that any one side is right .
3 . Think before you buy .
Ask yourself “ Do I really need this ? ”
I ’m not advocating a minimalist approach– you might need beer or videogames to help you relieve stress , and that ’s healthy , but if it ’s something you do n’t really need , skip it and save the money .
4. Ignore what other people say .
Have the ovaries ( or the balls ) to do what you want regardless of how “ normal ” or “ stupid ” people say it is .
If you know in your heart that it will work , keep at it , stay strong , and give your naysayers the bird .
5. Recognize fear mongering when you see it .
Do n’t let fear dictate your actions ( or your spending . )
6 . Do something creative everyday .
7 . Think outside the box as often as you can .
Always look for what ’s beyond the next frontier .
8 . Call people on their issues , but only if they ’re hurting themselves or others .
Being a jerk just for the sake of it is something everyone should try to avoid .
9 . Be friendly .
Shake everyone ’s hand , and do n’t wait to be introduced .
Get out there and network , get to know people and forge connections .
There really are usually less than six degrees of separation between you and someone who might just be able to save your life ( or your butt ) when things get tough down the road .
10 .
Do n’t base your self value on how much money you make or what kind of possessions you have .
True self worth is measured in how happy you are in the life you ’re living .
Discover what you really want out of life , then go out and get it .
As long as you stay on that path , you are a success .
11 . Put happiness first .
If you ’re unhappy , change .
12 . Faith is meant to elevate and guide us , not control or limit us .
No matter what you believe ( even if you believe in nothing at all ) never let it get in the way of doing what ’s right .
13 . Learn because you want to , not because you have to .
14 . Exercise regularly , even if it just means taking a short walk once or twice a day .
Even a little bit of exercise can make a world of difference in how happy and how productive you are !
15 .
Do what is right because it is right , not because others say it 's right .
16 . Do n’t just live each day like it was your last , do everything fully and completely – push yourself for that extra mile and truly live .
You never know what tomorrow will bring .
17 . Listen to and try to accept everyone ’s opinions and perspectives , even if you do n’t agree with them .
Stay open minded and take the time to research opinions and positions you do n’t agree with , even if only to learn what the weak points in their arguments are .
18 . Realize and embrace your limits , but try to push them , even if only just a little further .
19 . Recognize failures and learn from them .
Not everything that goes wrong is a failure , and we do n’t always see the places where we ’ve made mistakes , but learning to spot them and correct them in our future work is definitely a key to success .
20 .
Find someone who you see as being successful ( according to your own definition ) and study them .
Do n’t measure yourself by their standards , but look for things that they may be doing which could benefit you .
21 . Never , ever , under any circumstances , give up on your pursuit of happiness .
Earlier in the week Gottfrid Svarholm , one of the four Pirate Bay founders , announced his plan for a DDo$ that encouraged everyone to pay a tiny " internet - avgift " ( Internet fee ) of 1 Swedish Krona ( just $ 0.13 ) to the Danowsky law firm , which represented the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) in the Pirate Bay trial .
Instead of collecting donations or paying the fee off themselves , TPB asked you to give your $ 0.13 is to Danowsky - but why ?
According to BlogPirate , the firm only has 1,000 free money transfers and any payments after that cost the firm and other music companies cash to process .
If enough people donate , Danowsky would find itself out of pocket pretty fast .
Today Peter Sunde posted a message on his Twitter saying Danowsky had closed its bank account .
“ Ohhhh .. danowsky had to close their bank account :( JUST WHEN I WANTED TO PAY MY " DEBT " TO THEM .. ; ) ”
Sunde teased .
It ’s not yet known whether the DDo$ attack went ahead or if the law firm shut down the it account as a method of defense .
We ’ll let you know once we find out !
Police officers had to draw a Taser and used capsicum spray after being surrounded during two separate brawls involving teenagers at shopping centres in Sydney last night .
A total of 12 people were arrested in the brawls , which occurred at Miranda and Campbelltown .
Police were first told of a large number of people fighting at Kiora Road , Miranda , about 6 pm .
Officers were questioning a 17 - year - old boy over the fight when he became abusive and violent , police said .
As they arrested him , police said " a large hostile crowd formed around them " .
Russian photoshop masters from leprosorium .ru decided to imagine a bit how did the logos of the famous brands could act if they were not printed objects but real life creatures .
See what they came to with this .
Each photo has one or a few famous logos on it , could you spot all of them ?
via leprosorium.ru
The Humble Guide To Life Chapter 1 : The Ultimate Method Of Wiping Your Shitty Ass
Next time you ’re out in public , I want you to take a look at everyone around you .
Whether it be your best friend , boss , or some hot chick / guy .
Then I want you to realize something .
I want you to realize that no matter how high and mighty these people see themselves they all have one dirty secret .
They all have shit on their ass .
Seriously , did you ever realize how many of the people walking around you have shit on their ass because they can’t wipe properly ?
How can you take yourself seriously when you ca n’t wipe properly ?
How can you have any dignity ?
Years back while growing into adulthood and developing a better working brain and sense of reason , the notion that I and probably everyone else I personally knew , and probably most people in the U.S.A — hell I ’d even go so far to say the entire planet — were using a very tired and archaic method of cleaning the shit out of their crack hit me like a ton of bricks ( for lack of a better attempt at a metaphor …
OK fine I ’ll bite , like a whale ’s penis falling into your lap at a movie theater ) .
It was a life changing moment .
I am serious .
I know people use that life changing moment BS to add drama to their writing , but I am serious .
I kid you not when i say that to me , realizing that was like learning the world is round .
This both wierded me out and disgusted me and I was angry at myself for not realizing this sooner instead of spending my entire childhood walking around with a dirty post - shat asshole .
So doing what any creative problem solver would dare do , I came up with a solution .
Yes , a completely new method of modern day wiping that is designed to completely rid your ass of any post defecation shit stains , and allowing you to walk amongst society with your high and mighty - ness in tact knowing that while you may not have a bigger penis than most men , or bigger tits than most women , your ass is sure as all hell quite pristine .
I ’ve developed this method over ten years ago and am ready to share it with the interwebz .
So here ’s the deal people , prepare to revolutionize your life .
Your mind will be blown and you can really start to walk through life with some confidence with your new clean ass .
If walking around with a dirty ass had no effect on your self image or esteem anyway , then you need help — the kind I ca n’t offer .
TOOLS REQUIRED :
toilet paper a working sink a working index finger shitty anus .
* optional * liquid soap of any sort
STEP 1 : Unroll a bit of TP and mold it around your index finger .
STEP 2 : Turn on the water in the sink and run the water over the end of the TP on your finger .
Do n’t completely soak it as it will turn to mush .
STEP 3 : With the hand opposite of the one that does n’t have the TP covered finger , simply squeeze the wet TP around your finger and make sure it ’s tight , especially at the tip .
STEP 3a optional : Lube up the tip of the tissue with liquid soap .
STEP 4 : At this point , if you ’re right handed , you will have the index finger of your right hand covered in tight , wet tissue .
Now what you do is tilt your ass to the left a bit to bring the right side of your ass up off the toilet .
Take your left hand and use it to grab your right ass cheek and pull it away from your left cheek allowing wide open access to your anus .
STEP 5 : Take the tissue armor covered finger and starting up by your tailbone , apply medium pressure and slowly work the finger down the ass crack just a bit past your anus .
This step will completely get rid of any shit that was hanging out that you would have otherwise smushed against your ass while wiping using any other rmethod , and would have caused you to probably wipe 10 times and start cursing up a storm .
At this point , your ass is 90 % clean .
But we ’re ot done .
STEP 6 : Take a bit more tissue and ball it up .
Run it under the water a bit .
Now smoosh it against the side of the sink so you make a wet , hard and flat surface .
STEP 7 : Once again , use the left hand to pull the cheeks apart and wipe your ass like normal using that hard wet tissue .
If you did it right , you will have a fluffy dry bit to hold on to and a hard wet portion to do the wiping .
After you wipe with this , you ’ll notice there ’s barely anything on the tissue .
If needed repeat .
STEP 8 : Do one final wipe with dry TP .
That ’s it you ’re done !
Enjoy your super clean , fresh ass .
Tell your friends and family .
Spread the message of clean crack to the world .
Jose Canseco recently touched on the topic of steroids in baseball to an audience at Bovard Auditorium on the campus of USC and hinted that Dodgers ’ outfielder Manny Ramirez could be / could have been on the juice .
What about Manny Ramirez ?
someone asks .
He says this , despite the fact that A - Rod is n’t being treated as toxic , nor are other players who were caught up in the steroid scandal but publicly apologized , including Miguel Tejada , starting shortstop for the Houston Astros , and Andy Pettitte , a starting pitcher with the New York Yankees .
Why did n’t Ramirez get a long - term deal ?
Canseco asks .
Why were owners gun-shy about signing arguably the game ’s best hitter ?
Never mind that Ramirez was asking for a mega - deal at age 36 .
Or that he was negotiating in a sickly economy , while weighed down by the heavy baggage of a surly reputation .
Canseco will have none of it .
To Canseco , the drawn - out negotiation , the lack of a long - term deal , the lack of interest all raise red flags , and so he tells the Bovard crowd that Ramirez ’s “ name is most likely , 90 % , ” on the list .
Canseco admits later that he has no way of knowing .
But it makes sense to him , so he threw it out there — kaboom ! — swinging for the fences , still .
Late Saturday , I tracked down Ramirez to tell him what Canseco had said .
The immediate response is pure Ramirez : He laughs .
Sitting at his locker , he says , “ I got no comment , nothing to say about that .
What can I say ?
I do n’t even know the guy . ”
It was an innocuous question , asked of Representative Charles B. Rangel by a reporter as he left a ribbon - cutting ceremony at a Hudson River park on Saturday morning :
What should President Obama do during his visit to New York ?
The congressman , who had been reminiscing on the podium about his boyhood , when he took the 125th Street trolley to the piers to watch the boats , responded with an apparently off - the - cuff quip : “ Make certain he does n’t run around in East Harlem without identification . ”
By Sunday morning , that quip , with its allusion to the fatal shooting of a black off - duty police officer by a white officer , was the stuff of tabloid headlines .
“ Even Bam May Not Be Safe , Sez Rangel ” read a Daily News headline spread across two pages .
The article characterized the remark as “ a warning ” to the president , who made a brief trip to the city on Saturday , to watch his back .
“ Rangel ’s Sick Joke , ” The New York Post called it .
By midday , Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg had weighed in .
“ I have a lot of respect for Charlie Rangel , but in this case , he ’s just plain wrong , ” he replied to a question about Mr. Rangel ’s remark as he marched in the Salute to Israel parade .
Space Based Internet
Summary
Imagine checking your emails while you are in the middle of a desert or while you are on an adventure vacation in a forest !!
If it sounds good , you may very well feel better knowing that technology in wireless connectivity will make it a reality .
Evolution in communication technologies will enable use of satellites to carry internet traffic and provide seamless wireless and satellite connectivity even in remote locations .
The use of satellites can assist us to overcome the limited reach that ground networks provide .
Cisco Systems , a global leader in networking products and solutions has come up with products for mobile connectivity .
Mobile Access Technology , a core component of Cisco ’s mobile router family has been tested by the US Coast Guard and was successfully integrated in the UK Disaster Monitoring Constellation satellite .
John Chambers , President and CEO of Cisco Systems , tells us that there are immense opportunities for IP capabilities to be used as an integral part of satellite communications .
Writing ( and charting ) about the latest employment numbers a couple of weeks ago , I concluded that :
It ’s probably still nowhere near as dramatic a chart as the monthly numbers from 1931 and 1932 would make .
But the BLS was n’t on the case back then .
That brought an e-mail from Dartmouth economist Doug Irwin , who told me that the Bureau of Labor Statistics actually was on the case in the early 1930s , and that its numbers on employment at nonagricultural establishments in those years could be found online at the National Bureau of Economic Research ’s Macrohistory Database .
Sure enough , they could .
Here ’s what it looks like when you chart them against the the payroll employment data from the last six recessions :
Not even remotely in the same ballpark , it turns out .
The post - World - War - II recesssions — including this one , so far — are just tiny blips in comparison with the Great Depression .
I even had to cut the chart short because if I had carried it all the way to the point where employment finally reached its 1929 levels again , in 1940 ( or so ; there ’s some conflicting data ) , you would have barely been able to see the other recessions at all .
To make the comparison with the current recession a little clearer , I charted the first 14 months of Depression job losses against the 14 months of job losses we ’ve had so far in this recession :
Again , really no comparison at all .
I was a little worried that this might be because the 1930s numbers were not in fact comparable with today’s .
An e-mail from Susan B. Carter of UC Riverside , an expert on historical labor market data , reassured me on that front .
“ In my view , this series is comparable to those you have displayed for later periods and certainly the best you can get , ” she wrote .
It is true that a larger share of the workforce was still on the farm in the 1930s , so nonfarm employment was n’t quite the all - important indicator then that it is now .
Still , it ’s clear that the employment downturn we ’ve been dealing with , while probably the worst since the Great Depression , is much , much closer in severity to the recessions of the mid 1970s and early 1980s than to the utter disaster of the 1930s .
That ’s no guarantee that it wo n’t get worse , of course .
But it is useful to know .
Thanks to TIME.com graphics czar Feilding Cage for making the charts look nice .
Since he ’s back , I also got him to redo my most recent chart comparing job losses in the past six recessions ( my version was pretty ugly ) :
Update : I should note that the 1930s numbers are n’t seasonally adjusted , while the modern ones are .
I just did n’t even think of that when I was putting them together .
Sorry .
It does n’t affect the basic point of the charts , but it does explain why the 1930s numbers are so much herkier and jerkier than the modern ones .
It sounds like something out of the movie " Airplane ! , " but without the hilarious mid-air hijinks .
A passenger was forced to make an emergency landing at a Fort Myers airport after the pilot of a small aircraft suddenly died during the flight , saving five people onboard .
The plane was on autopilot and had nearly reached 10,000 feet when the pilot died .
The plane , which had left Marco Island Executive Airport Sunday and was headed to Jackson , Mississippi made the landing at Southwest Florida International Airport .
The passenger who took the controls has been licensed for single - engine planes for 20 years , but is n't certified to fly the King Air plane , a large luxury model .
To help guide the pilot in , an air traffic controller called a friend in Connecticut who is rated to fly the larger aircraft .
It 's unclear what caused the pilot 's death .
The mother of a kid living in Cincinnati , Ohio is suing Apple and 10 unnamed retail employees from the Apple Store in Kenwood over an iPod touch that allegedly exploded in the child 's pocket .
According to the complaint filed yesterday in the Southern District of Ohio , the plaintiff had the " iTouch " ( as the lawsuit refers to it ) in his pocket during school when the unfortunate accident happened , resulting in hospital bills and other monetary losses thanks to the disintegration of the iPod touch and , well , the kid 's clothes .
As the story goes , the iPod touch was sitting in the " off " position when it unexpectedly popped and caused the kid to feel a burning sensation .
At that time , he stood up and noticed that his pants were , in fact , on fire .
" Plaintiff A.V. immediately ran to the bathroom and took off his burning pants with the assistance of a friend , " reads the complaint .
" On said date and at said time , the Apple iTouch had burned through Plaintiff A.V. 's pants pocket and melted through his nylon / spandex underwear , burning his leg . "
<!-- Nerd alert -->
Upon learning these facts , much of the staff here at Ars took an inordinate amount of time out of our busy day to discuss whether this was a reasonable possibility .
The lowest melting point of nylon is approximately 374 degrees Fahrenheit — a temperature that an iPod touch could not reasonably reach without you noticing beforehand ( that 's hotter than the temperature it takes to fry an egg , by the way ) .
However , because the lawsuit claims there was fire involved , all bets have to be off .
Fire is most definitely hot enough to melt nylon , and if there was an explosion to cause the " pop , " then there may not have been a way for the kid to notice the heat beforehand .
<!--
End nerd alert -->
The plaintiff went directly to the doctor , where he was declared to have received second degree burns to his leg .
" He continues to suffer from both physical and mental conditions which will cause him to suffer pain , mental distress , emotional distress , and otherwise for the rest of his life , " reads the lawsuit .
The plaintiff 's mother says that the family was not warned in advance of the potential risk that the " iTouch " would cause serious bodily injury , and Apple 's 10 retail employees had a duty to not only test for this , but also warn customers .
As a result , Apple and the retail employees are accused of gross negligence and recklessness , as they supposedly conducted themselves maliciously and fraudulently when selling the iTouch .
The mother asking for compensatory damages of more than $ 75,000 plus punitive damages of more than $ 75,000 and attorney fees .
We just hope that Apple 's insurance includes something about underwear meltage .
Further reading :
Over the last few years , Greg Miller has covered more than half a dozen elections .
Since 2004 , he ’s visited countless polling locations .
He ’s experienced disappointments and triumphs–as a voter , a …
Continue reading
This week , I have taken some first steps in exploring computer music and live coding .
Seeing as I am a
classical and jazz pianist ,
amateur composer , and
programming nerd ,
it seems odd that it ’s taken me so long to get around to combining these interests ; but it ’s one of those things that I ’ve intended to explore for a long time and have just never gotten around to until now .
Anyway , I have what I think are some really fantastic ideas about possibilities for real - time musical expression using computer - based tools — but at the moment there is a rather large gap between my ambitions and the reality of my knowledge and abilities .
But that is obviously to be expected .
Hopefully in a few years I ’ll be posting videos of my awesome live performances ; in the meantime I thought I ’d write about my experiences getting things set up .
More below the fold .
The first thing I did was install ChucK ( just with apt - get install ) , which , when run , promptly died with some error about jack .
I did n’t know jack about jack ( haha ) , just vaguely that it has something to do with linux audio .
So I opted to instead download the latest stable version of ChucK myself and compile it for ALSA instead ( which I again know nothing about , but some poking around seemed to suggest that it was already installed , as opposed to jack ) .
Compiling ChucK from source involved several false starts where I had to figure out which packages to install based on the header files it was complaining did not exist , but I finally got it to compile cleanly , and this time it ran with no errors on a test file — but no sound .
Some Googling did n’t turn up anything useful , but in the process I realized that I still had n’t upgraded to Ubuntu Intrepid , which I wanted to do anyway , so I figured it could n’t hurt , especially if the problem was some ALSA bug related to my particular sound card , or something like that .
So I set it upgrading overnight .
After the upgrade was complete — voila !
ChucK now produced sound !
I guess there was indeed some sort of bug involved .
I currently do intend to come back and learn ChucK more thoroughly at some point , but for now I only fiddled around with it a bit .
I was also eager to try out Rohan Drape ’s Haskell bindings for SuperCollider , hsc , since I ’d much rather be able to program in Haskell than ChucK per se , and I ’m also interested in checking out Henning Thielemann ’s haskore - supercollider package , which allows performance of Haskore music via hsc .
I imagine that X –> Haskore –> hsc –>
SuperCollider could be a very nice toolchain for writing interactive tools X to generate music in real time .
I got hsc installed with little fuss , thanks to the fantastic cabal - install tool .
Installing SuperCollider itself was also not too difficult .
Getting everything to work took considerably more effort .
I did end up installing jack on the recommendation of some tutorial or mailing list post or other , along with qjackctl which seems like a nice GUI interface for jack .
I first tried to get SuperCollider working on its own ( using its native language , ‘ sclang ’ , instead of the Haskell bindings ) , which took a while : after a while I got all the necessary things installed , and I could start up the SC server with no errors , and I could issue commands to it which did n’t produce errors , but there was still no sound .
Finally in a stroke of luck I realized that I had to open up the ‘ connections ’ dialog in qjackctl and actually connect the SC server ’s output to the sound card input !
Why this does n’t happen automatically , I have no idea ( it happens automatically for ChucK when run using jack ) .
The next step was getting hsc to produce sound via the emacs mode .
Unfortunately , I was initially led astray by an old mailing list post which was the only documentation I was able to find — it turns out that the sample code shown in the post still type - checks but no longer produces any sound !
So I spent a while frustratedly trying to figure out why everything seemed to be working but I was n’t getting any sound from my hsc commands , even though executing similar sclang commands worked fine !
I e-mailed the haskell - art mailing list , and Rohan Drape kindly and helpfully pointed out the tutorial that comes with hsc , which I had overlooked .
Sure enough , everything worked fine !
So now I have successfully used hsc to get my computer to produce various bleatings and warblings .
( Sum of a sine and triangle wave , being panned left to right according to a different sine wave , anyone ? =)
So far , it ’s been a slow process figuring out how to use hsc .
It comes with a lot of great examples , but some sort of tutorial would be nice ; without some sort of overarching guide , the sheer number of examples is overwhelming , since it ’s hard to know what to look at first .
I tried working through a SuperCollider tutorial while attempting to translate the sclang code into hsc code , with some success .
But the hsc documentation also sometimes leaves a bit to be desired , especially since pretty much everything is a UGen .
For example , here ’s the documentation for pan2 :
pan2 :: UGen -> UGen -> UGen -> UGen
Two channel equal power panner .
So , obviously , it does some sort of panning , but there ’s no indication what the different arguments do , and looking at the source was not helpful at all ( it ’s implemented in terms of some general combinator , which is implemented in terms of yet another more general combinator , and keeping track of which arguments end up getting used where and how that translates into what they do is hopeless unless you ’re already familiar with the inner workings of hsc and SuperCollider ) .
I eventually figured it out by trial and error ( incidentally , trying to debug a program by listening to its output was a new experience = ) , but there are lots of other functions like this , with type signatures like Rate -> UGen -> UGen -> UGen -> UGen -> UGen ->
Foo and no indication of what the different arguments correspond to .
But this is just a cosmetic complaint , and hopefully can be improved with time ( indeed , I very well may contribute some improved documentation myself , once I become more familiar with it ) and so far I have no complaints about the library itself , which seems quite well - designed and idiomatically Haskellish .
Anyway , I ’ll probably write down more thoughts and experiences as I progress , although it remains to be seen how much time I ’ll have for this once classes start back up ( right now I ’m on spring break ) .
I ’m hoping that I ’ll be able to find regular bits of time to devote to it so that I can continue learning and becoming more comfortable with various systems .
Police in northern Iran say a woman accused of murdering at least six people has told them she used the ideas of the British crime writer , Agatha Christie .
The prosecutor says the 32 - year - old woman , described as Iran 's first female serial killer , has confessed to the carefully planned murders .
Apparently the suspect told police that she had taken her ideas from the novels of Agatha Christie .
Just like Agatha Christie 's villains she made careful plans to conceal her crimes .
The woman targeted middle aged or elderly women at shrines where they were praying .
After offering them lifts she gave them fruit juice spiked with anaesthetic , then strangled the victims and sold their jewellery and other possessions .
The bodies were dumped at secluded spots .
The woman told police she had committed the crimes over a four month period in order to pay off debts of around $ 25,000 .
- BBC
" There may be better 100th - day presents to President Obama , " said John Dickerson in Slate , " but they probably require witchcraft . "
Sen . Arlen Specter 's decision to ditch the Republicans and become a Democrat will give his new party a filibuster - proof 60 - seat majority , assuming Al Franken is seated as Minnesota 's next senator .
Now the question is whether Obama will return the favor and campaign for Specter in the primaries ahead of his tough 2010 re-election race .
The Democrats are happy now , said Doyle McManus in the Los Angeles Times , but they 'll soon have days when they " wonder whether this was such a good deal . "
Specter will " be the 60th vote on every issue , just as he was on the stimulus bill -- the one who always has a special request before he can say yes . "
Specter 's surprise defection was a " crushing blow " to Republicans , said Fred Barnes in The Wall Street Journal , because it all but eliminated their ability to block liberal legislation .
Now Republicans will have to win two or three Democratic seats next year to restore their ability to defeat legislation .
" If they do n't , the liberal heyday will go on . "
This is a good day for Obama and a " wake - up call for Republicans , " said John Avlon in The Daily Beast , but it 's " a bad day for American centrists who believe in checks and balances . "
Specter 's jump " undercut the already besieged centrist Republican tradition , " and increased the power of right - wing activists .
Nobody wins when the extremes in both parties take over .
That 's the Democrats ' problem now , said William Kristol in The Washington Post .
Once they have a 60 - seat majority , Obama will be " responsible for everything " and Democrats wo n't be able to complain about " GOP obstructionism " any more .
" So , losing Specter may help produce greater GOP gains in November 2010 , and a brighter Republican future . "
Jon Gruden intends to coach again , but until that day , the man known throughout the NFL as " Chucky " will get to sharpen his teeth in ESPN's " Monday Night Football " booth .
Gruden will join play - by - play man Mike Tirico and analyst Ron Jaworski in September , replacing Tony Kornheiser .
" This is a tremendous opportunity and I am very excited to be associated with ESPN and Monday Night Football , " Gruden said in a statement released by ESPN .
" I grew up a fan of Monday Night Football , and whether I 've coached on Monday night or watched , I 've hardly missed a game all these years .
" To join Mike and Jaws in the booth and to work alongside this top - notch team is going to be a real thrill . "
The 40th season of " Monday Night Football " kicks off Sept. 14 with a doubleheader ; the New England Patriots play host to the Buffalo Bills at 7 p.m. ET and the San Diego Chargers visit the Oakland Raiders at 10:15 ET .
Gruden won the 2003 title with the Bucs , and there 's no telling how long he 'll stay away from the field .
Neither he nor Norby Williamson , ESPN 's executive vice president of production , would directly answer how long Gruden 's contract lasts , or whether he was free to take an NFL post if one is offered .
" Maybe I can hang in and keep this job for a while , " Gruden said , later adding , " I dearly miss coaching . "
Kornheiser decided to step down after three years of MNF , citing his fear of flying .
What is Norm Coleman , the former Republican Senator who lost to Democrat Al Franken last fall , doing in Minnesota with his never - ending appeal of his election defeat ?
He ’s doing the GOP ’s bidding .
It ’s no coincidence that Ben Ginsberg , a top ( and nasty ) Republican political operative here in DC , is Coleman ’s lawyer .
The national Republican party sees never - ending appeals in this case as a win-win .
In the end , there are two outcomes , both of which help the national GOP .
1 ) Coleman wins on appeal ( by a fluke , but an infinitesimally small chance of victory is better than no chance of victory , which is what Coleman would have if he finally conceded ) .
2 ) Coleman drags this case out for years , and not only is Al Franken not seated , which is a form of personal victory if Coleman is really taking the race that personally , but more importantly for the Republicans , Obama is denied another Democratic vote in the Senate – a vote that would put the Dems perilously close to a filibuster - proof 60 votes in the Senate .
Ever since Bush v. Gore , the Republicans started shifting their election strategy from winning enough votes to winning in the courts .
The Coleman strategy dangerously take this one step further .
Even if they ca n’t outright win in the courts , they ’ll deny their opponent victory for years in never - ending judicial appeals .
It ’s Norm Coleman ’s version of the never - ending death row appeal .
What ’s worse – if the Republicans are willing to do this in a Senate race , it ’s only a matter of time before they refuse to seat a Democratic president .
And judging by the non-response from Democrats on this issue , do n’t be surprised if the Republicans get bolder and bolder in the future .
And they might just get away with it .
The latest on Norm ’s folly here .
Khaleej Times
Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayad has made a formal complaint to the Canadian government regarding the intention of Toronto ’s Royal Ontario Museum to collaborate with the Israel Antiquities Authority to Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayad has made a formal complaint to the Canadian government regarding the intention of Toronto ’s Royal Ontario Museum to collaborate with the Israel Antiquities Authority to host “ Dead Sea Scrolls : Words that Changed the World ” from June 27 to January 3 , 2010
Palestinian Archaeological Department Director - General Hamdan Taha explains ,
“ The exhibition would entail exhibiting or displaying artifacts removed from the Palestinian territories ...
I think it is important that Canadian institutions would be responsible and act in accordance with Canada ’s obligations . ”
Maxim and other men ’s magazines .
The Dead Sea Scrolls exhibition is part of Israel ’s effort to re-brand itself .
According to The Economist , American Jewish groups and Israeli diplomats are trying to create the perception of Israel as “ hip , cool , cultured , fun and creative . ”
The campaign has included placing sexually suggestive advertisements inand other men ’s magazines .
Harvard Professor Stephen Walt suggests in his Harvard Professor Stephen Walt suggests in his Foreign Policy blog that the re-branding effort is foredoomed to failure : “ Restoring Israel ’s image in the West is n’t a matter of spin or PR or ‘ re - branding ; ’ it ’s a matter of abandoning the policies that have cost it the sympathy it once enjoyed .
It ’s really just about that simple . ”
The archaeological component of the propaganda campaign , however , uses subliminal suggestion to bypass such political arguments .
A top Israeli re-branding advocate argues , “ [ Let ’s ] get to that first stage when people associate Israel with science and music and archaeology ... Then we ’ll take it from there . ”
country after absence of 2000 years is preposterous , Israel ’s theft of Palestine from the native population is popularly legitimised through the claim that today ’s Jews descend from inhabitants of Greco - Roman Judea .
In Facts on the Ground Columbia Professor Nadia Abu Al Haj writes , “ In the context of Israel and Palestine , archaeology emerged as a central scientific discipline because of the manner in which colonial settlement was configured in a language of , and a belief in , Jewish national return . ”
Even though asserting ownership to acountry after absence of 2000 years is preposterous , Israel ’s theft of Palestine from the native population is popularly legitimised through the claim that today ’s Jews descend from inhabitants of Greco - Roman Judea .
Times Reporters Ethan Bonner and Isabel Kershner in “ According to New YorkReporters Ethan Bonner and Isabel Kershner in “ Parks Fortify Israel ’s Claim to Jerusalem , ” “ [ There ] is a battle for historical legitimacy .
As part of the effort , archaeologists are finding indisputable evidence of ancient Jewish life here . ”
This claim is nonsense .
There is no single founder population for modern Jewry any more than there is a single founder population for modern Christians or modern Muslims .
Late ancient and early medieval texts describe an ethnically diverse collection of communities associated with proselytizing pre-Rabbinic Judaism .
In English to use îd bin Yûsuf al - Fayyûmi ) and his colleagues .
In English to use the word Jew is anachronistic before the 10th century when medieval Rabbinic Judaism crystallised thanks to the efforts of Saadyah Gaon ( Sa‘d bin Ysuf al - Fayymi ) and his colleagues .
With the revolutionary codification of Rabbinic law these communities became part of a vast trade network that spanned the Christian and Muslim world and that extended into China and began to exchange members on a large scale .
The main population - exporting region seems to have been l ocated in territories near the Black Sea
Sand admits , “ [ The ] chances that the Palestinians are descendants of the ancient Judaic people are much greater than the chances that you or I [ meaning Israeli Jews ] are its descendents . ”
Zionists are almost pitiable , for they are so ashamed of their own history that they have usurped one belonging to another people .
When the Israeli government sends the Dead Sea Scrolls to Canada , by its own law Canada must turn them over to their rightful owners — the Palestinian people .
Karin Friedemann is a Boston - based writer on Middle East affairs and US politics .
She is Director of the Division on Muslim Civil Rights and Liberties for the National Association of Muslim American Women .
Joachim Martillo contributed to this article .
In Israel Steals Palestinian Heritage , History Karin Friedemann addresses the primary Zionist lie of modern Jewish descent from the Judaic populations that lived in the Hasmonean and Herodian kingdoms and ethnarchies of the Greco - Roman period .
Zionist rebranding efforts have presented pro-Palestinian activists and sympathizers with an opportunity to undermine a key founding idea of the State of Israel Below is the hyperlinked version of Karin ' sarticle .
I will update this blog entry to explain how to help .
Karin Friedemann ( LETTER FROM AMERICA ) 25 May 2009
Last year , I said the making of the film Fitna , by the crazed rightwing Dutch MP Geert Wilders , indicated that the anti-jihadist neocons had run out of things to say .
But the collapse in the sanity of the anti-jihadist movement has been more amusing and spectacular than I expected .
This collapse was no doubt accelerated by the election of Barack Obama , who was attacked by a range of nutjobs convinced he represented the anti-Christ , or went to a jihadist school , or that he was n't Christian , or that he was a " black power " segregationist .
They conjured up fantasies of a " whitey tape " featuring his wife , Michelle Obama , in a racist tirade , and many remain convinced his birth certificate is a forgery .
Obama got elected but the madness continued , most prominently on Faux News where presenter Glenn Beck now daily rails against the new " fascist " president and the coming " fascist state " to the point where even Bill O'Reilly (! ) had to challenge him .
Watching the Republicans collapse into a state of crazed frenzy is highly amusing political theatre .
A poll last week showed that only 21 % of Americans now identified themselves as Republicans , compared to 35 % as Democrats and 38 % as Independents .
That Republicans are in denial about their own extremism now seems obvious to everyone except most Republicans , and perhaps Meghan McCain .
It 's worth explaining the stench of nuttiness eminating from the anti-jihadist movement .
But I should also clarify that I have no love for religious extremists , and have a long history of attacking groups such as Hizb ut - Tahrir ( as well as Hindu and Sikh groups ) .
Al - Qaida - inspired terrorism remains a continuing threat that we need to tackle .
But it 's also clear that many anti-jihadists , some of whom have praised me as " brave " , had less benign motives .
This has become obvious in a massive blog war playing out in the US between LittleGreenFootballs , and Robert Spencer ( JihadWatch ) and Pamela Geller ( Atlas Shrugs ) , which is written about here and chronicled on this blog .
I do n't think there is an anti-jihadist movement anymore .
It 's all a bunch of kooks .
I 've watch [ sic ] some people who I thought were reputable , and who I trusted , hook up with racists and Nazis .
I see a lot of them promoting stories and causes that I think are completely nuts .
That , believe it or not , is Charles Johnson of LGF , who has became increasingly annoyed .
Johnson 's beef is that anti-jihadists have increasingly started linking up with antisemites and neo -nazis in a bid to form a wider anti-jihadist coalition .
" Some people at that [ counterjihad summit ] in Belgium were not people we should have been associated with , " Johnson said , pointing out that , since 2007 , the terrorism - focused conservative bloggers have become supporters of Wilders , who wants to outlaw Islam in his country .
" Some of these people outright want to ban Islam from the United States , which I think is crazy , completely nuts .
That 's not something we do in this country .
These people will outright defend banning the Qur'an or deporting Muslims . "
The lunatic anti-jihadists have their British and European counterparts , too .
Some recently went to a conference titled Preserving Western Civilisation , which featured a hoot of speakers .
Wilders is popular here , too , most notably with Douglas Murray of the ( oxymoronic ) Centre for Social Cohesion , who ranted everywhere about Wilders being denied entry in the UK , while saying little about his authoritarianism .
He also went off the deep end when denouncing the anti-Islamist thinktank Quilliam Foundation for daring to oppose Israel 's invasion of Gaza .
More recently , he attacked the anti-multiculturalist Kenan Malik in defence of Daniel Pipes and Mark Steyn .
I wo n't bother with Pipes ( who was at the forefront of peddling rubbish about Obama 's background ) as his lunacy speaks for itself , but this is the same Mark Steyn who scarily warned about increasing Muslim birthrates and recently attacked Faisal Gazi when he reviewed Malik 's book .
Steyn is Melanie Phillips on steroids , another member of this anti-jihadist fringe .
Phillips spent an awful lot of time pushing conspiracy theories about Barack Obama on the Spectator website .
This could have been even too much for the anti-jihadist blog Harry 's Place which removed its link to her site .
But that did n't stop Harry 's Place publishing a blog supporting Patrick Sookhdeo – another prominent anti-jihadist who is regularly praised in the rightwing press .
Sookhdeo is famous for writing the hilariously bad The Myth of Moderate Islam article for the Spectator ( what a coincidence ) , critiqued here .
He also contributed to a similarly themed book entitled The Myth of Islamic Tolerance , put together by ... wait for it ...
Robert Spencer of JihadWatch – currently being attacked by LittleGreenFootballs for planning to share a platform with neo-nazis .
Phillips has also frequently and approvingly quoted and linked to Spencer from her blog .
There are several points to all this .
The main reason many Islamists remain credible among British Muslims is because they are the only ones loudly defending Muslims from this tide of filth and hypocrisy in the US and UK .
There is also another angle to all this : the role mainstream media and thinktanks play in supporting this lunatic fringe and their paranoid fantasies .
In the meantime , just reach for the popcorn .
The period from 1997 to 2007 saw anarchism in Ireland move from an ultra marginal role to just a marginal one , a similar level of significance to the rest of the far left .
This video is a brief history of anarchism during that decade and why there was a massive growth in terms of percentages if rather modest in terms of actual numbers .
It includes anarchist involvement in pro-choice , community , anti-war , work place struggles , reclaim the streets and of course the EU summit protests of Mayday 2004 .
A little over 12 months ago NEFAC announced the second leg of my North American speaking tour on indymedia .
The audio with this video is actually a recording of the meeting I gave at the ' Finding our Roots ' conference in Chicago in April 2008 which used more or less the same text as I used for all 43 other stops on the tour .
( Full list )
( View the video at full size )
The images include those used during the talk itself with the addition of many other images of struggle from that decade , mostly from my own collection and during the initial period of questions after the talk a collection of photos I took during the talk .
The last sequence are taken in Ireland over the last 8 or so months and emphasise 's that the movement has continued to grow and develop .
Something of a disclaimer : Trying to compress a history of anarchist involvement in that decade into a 40 minute presentation to an audience many of whom know nothing about Ireland was something of a challenge .
So I 'll say in advance that I had to over simplify aspects of the struggles I talk about and that I focus pretty much exclusively on the anarchist involvement in these struggles .
I 'd left Ireland in May 2007 so my analysis of the situation runs up to that date , its particularly obvious in the case of the Rossport struggle that much has changed since .
At the time of the talk Bertie had just resigned and the crash had not yet come into view , a lot has changed even in the year since that presentation .
The video is almost an hour and 10 minutes in length .
WORDS Andrew Flood ( Follow Andrew on Twitter )
RALEIGH , N.C. -- John
Wall , the country 's top unsigned high school recruit in basketball , has been charged with misdemeanor breaking and entering after police found him walking out of a vacant house in North Carolina .
John Wall is ranked fifth in the ESPNU 100's Class of 2009 .
Chris Williams / Icon SMI
Wall , a 6 - foot - 3 , 180 - pound point guard ranked fifth in the ESPNU 100's Class of 2009 , was cited in connection with an April 27 break - in of a Raleigh residence , the police said .
Wall , a point guard at Raleigh Word of God , was voted The Associated Press men's prep basketball player of the year for North Carolina in March .
Police said an officer detained Wall , 18 , after observing him leaving out the back of the home .
Two minors were also detained and charged in connection with the break - in .
Police said there was no forced entry and nothing to indicate anything was missing from the residence .
Wall 's attorney , Anna E. Smith , issued a statement saying : " Mr. Wall was not arrested .
He was simply given a citation and we are fully cooperating with the District Attorney 's office to resolve this matter as soon as possible . "
Wall has nine teams on his list of potential schools -- Florida , Baylor , Duke , Kansas , Kentucky , Memphis , Miami , North Carolina and NC State .
Frank Jackson , an assistant district attorney in Wake County , which includes Raleigh , told The Associated Press that a person convicted of such an offense could face up to 120 days in jail .
But he said a first - time offender would likely have to perform community service .
A call to Wall 's home in Raleigh found the phone was disconnected .
His mother did n't have a listed phone number , and a message to the school 's athletic director was n't immediately returned .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
A new catalyst based on dendritic platinum arms grown on palladium nanocrystals has been developed by WUSTL's Younan Xia and his collaborators .
Tests have shown that the " bimetallic " catalyst outperforms commercial catalysts , which could enable a cost effective fuel cell technology and ultimately provide cleaner fuels worldwide .
Image credit : Younan Xia , WUSTL
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Material scientists at Washington University in St. Louis have developed a technique for a bimetallic fuel cell catalyst that is efficient , robust and two to five times more effective than commercial catalysts .
The novel technique eventually will enable a cost effective fuel cell technology , which has been waiting in the wings for decades , and should give a boost for cleaner use of fuels worldwide .
Younan Xia , Ph.D. , the James M. McKelvey Professor of Biomedical Engineering at Washington University led a team of scientists at Washington University and the Brookhaven National Laboratory in developing a bimetallic catalyst comprised of a palladium core or " seed " that supports dendritic platinum branches , or arms , that are fixed on the nanostructure , consisting of a nine nanometer core and seven nanometer platinum arms .
They synthesized the catalysts by sequentially reducing precursor compounds to palladium and platinum with L - ascorbic acid ( that is , Vitamin C ) in an aqueous solution .
The catalysts have a high surface area , invaluable for a number of applications besides in fuel cells , and are robust and stable .
Xia and his team tested how the catalysts performed in the oxygen reduction reaction process in a fuel cell , which determines how large a current will be generated in an electrochemical system similar to the cathode of a fuel cell .
They found that their bimetallic nanodendrites , at room temperature , were two - and - a - half times more effective per platinum mass for this process than the state - of - the - art commercial platinum catalyst and five times more active than the other popular commercial catalyst .
At 60 C( the typical operation temperature of a fuel cell ) , the performance almost meets the targets set by the U.S. Department of Energy .
The Department of Energy has estimated for widespread commercial success the " loading " of platinum catalysts in a fuel cell should be reduced by four times in order to slash the costs .
The Washington University technique is expected to substantially reduce the loading of platinum , making a more robust catalyst that wo n't have to be replaced often , and making better use of a very limited and very expensive supply of platinum in the world .
The study was published in Science on - line on May 14 .
" There are two ways to make a more effective catalyst , " Xia says .
" One is to control the size , making it smaller , which gives the catalyst a higher specific surface area on a mass basis .
Another is to change the arrangement of atoms on the surface .
We did both .
You can have a square or hexagonal arrangement for the surface atoms .
We chose the hexagonal lattice because people have found that it 's twice as good as the square one for the oxygen reduction reaction .
" We 're excited by the technique , specifically with the performance of the new catalyst . "
Xia says seeded growth has emerged recently as a good technique for precisely controlling the shape and composition of metallic nanostructures prepared in solutions .
And it 's the only technique that allowed Xia and his collaborators to come up with their unconventional shape .
" When you have something this small , the atoms tend to aggregate and that can reduce the surface area , ' Xia says .
" A key reason our technique works is the ability to keep the platinum arms fixed .
They do n't move around .
This adds to their stability .
We also make sure of the arrangement of atoms on each arm , so we increase the activity . "
Xia and his collaborators are exploring the possibility of adding other noble metals such as gold to the bimetallic catalysts , making them trimetallic .
Gold has been shown to oxidize carbon monoxide , making for even more robust catalysts that can resist the poisoning by carbon monoxide - a reduction byproduct of some fuels .
" Gold should make the catalysts more stable , durable and robust , giving yet another level of control , " Xia says .
Source : Washington University in St. Louis ( news : web )
Explore further Argonne to study fuel cell catalysts
Manufacturing has compensated for weakness in agriculture
India 's economy grew 6.1 % in the second three months of the year compared with the same period last year , which was slightly better than had been expected .
The official gross domestic product figure was down from the 7.8 % growth seen in the second quarter of 2008 .
Although growth has slowed from last year , the economy is still expanding faster than most other countries .
Indian economists said weakness in agriculture could be offset by growth in manufacturing later in the year .
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee has projected growth of " six percent plus " for the financial year to March 2010 .
That is down from the 6.7 % logged in the previous full financial year .
Gobal issues
" For the year as a whole , the growth should be around 6.5 % to 7 % as recovery is showing elsewhere also , " said Amol Agrawal , economist at IDBI Gilts in Mumbai .
" But agriculture is a big dampener and the growth forecast is again based on global recovery .
If that stumbles again , then one can't say . "
During the quarter the manufacturing sector expanded 3.4 % from a year earlier , while farm output grew by just 2.4 % , compared to 2.7 % in the first three months of 2009 .
The economy has been hit recently by the weakest rainfall since 1972 , with drought - like conditions affecting 40 % of the country 's districts .
The monsoon rains are a lifeline for agriculture , which supports much of the Indian population .
U.S. drones attacked the Pakistani village of Mirali on Saturday .
According to the American press , a pair of missiles from the unmanned aircraft killed " at least 25 militants . "
In the local media , the dead were simply described as " 29 tribesmen present there . "
That simple difference in description underlies a serious problem in the campaign against the Taliban and Al Qaeda .
To Americans , the drones over Pakistan are terrorist - killers .
In Pakistan , the robotic planes are wiping out neighbors .
Which is why America needs to " declare a moratorium on drone strikes into Pakistan , " counterinsurgency experts Andrew Exum and David Kilcullen writes in today 's New York Times .
( It 's an argument Kilcullen has been advancing for months , starting with a Danger Room interview and testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in early February . )
Imagine , for example , that burglars move into a neighborhood .
If the police were to start blowing up people ’s houses from the air , would this convince homeowners to rise up against the burglars ?
Would n’t it be more likely to turn the whole population against the police ?
And if their neighbors wanted to turn the burglars in , how would they do that , exactly ?
Yet this is the same basic logic underlying the drone war .
" The drone campaign is in fact part of a larger strategic error — our insistence on personalizing this conflict with Al Qaeda and the Taliban .
Devoting time and resources toward killing or capturing “ high - value ” targets — not to mention the bounties placed on their heads — distracts us from larger problems , while turning figures like Baitullah Mehsud , leader of the Pakistani Taliban umbrella group , into Robin Hoods , " the pair add .
Killing Al Qaeda in Iraq leader Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , for example , " bought only 18 days of quiet before Al Qaeda returned to operations under new leadership . "
This is not to suggest that killing terrorists is a bad thing — on the contrary .
But it ’s not the only thing that matters , and over - emphasizing it wastes resources ...
Having Osama bin Laden in one ’s sights is one thing .
Devoting precious resources to his capture or death , rather than focusing on protecting the Afghan and Pakistani populations , is another .
The goal should be to isolate extremists from the communities in which they live .
The best way to do this is to adopt policies that build local partnerships .
Al Qaeda and its Taliban allies must be defeated by indigenous forces — not from the United States , and not even from Punjab , but from the parts of Pakistan in which they now hide .
Drone strikes make this harder , not easier .
Interestingly , America just put in charge of the war effort in the region the general most famous for nailing Zarqawi .
Will he put top priority on winning over the people – or pursuing high - value targets ?
[ Photo : USAF ]
ALSO :
You voted for it and here we have it , the New Croque - Monsieur , FoodMayhem style .
In preparation for our super awesome Grilled Cheese , Lon made mustard , and I made Challah ( Peter Reinhart ’s recipe ) .
The Challah should be made and sliced the day before so that it can stale .
( Do n’t worry , I ate plenty of it fresh that day too . )
New Croque - Monsieur
~ Serves 4
3 large eggs
1 cup buttermilk
2 tablespoons sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
4 ( roughly 7 ″ x 3.5 ″ x 1 ″ ) slabs of day old Challah
1 tablespoon unsalted butter , divided
2 tablespoons Sweet & Spicy Mustard , divided
4 oz shredded Gruyere , divided
6.4oz ham ( Niman Ranch Jambon Royale ) , divided
freshly ground black pepper
Instructions –
1 . In a pan or dish large enough to hold all the bread in one layer , whisk together eggs , buttermilk , sugar , and salt .
Lay the Challah flat in the pan .
Let it sit for 30 minutes .
Turn it over and let is sit for another 30 minutes .
2. Melt 1/2 tablespoon butter on medium low heat , on a cast iron skillet .
Place two pies of challah on the skillet .
( The side you cook first will end up being the inside of the sandwich . )
3 . When the challah is golden on one side , flip one piece over .
Spread 1 tablespoon of mustard on .
Sprinkle 2 ounces of gruyere .
Lay on ham .
Sprinkle with black pepper .
Place the other piece of challah on top , uncooked side facing up .
4 . When the bottom is golden , flip entire sandwich over to finish the last side .
When the last side is golden , remove from heat and cut in half .
5 . Repeat with the remaining ingredients to make another large sandwich ( again cutting in half to make two ) .
posted by jessica at 03:26 PM
Filed under French , Recipes .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
Not exactly breaking news , but humor me : scan the Billboard Hip Hop chart and you ’ll see that it is hard to find a rap song with a snare drum on the back beat .
Why ?
Let ’s go back to the late 90s for a moment .
From groups like OutKast , No Limit Soldiers ( Master P , Mystikal ) , and Cash Money Millionaires ( Juvenile , Birdman ) sprung a new era of southern music which began to seep into America ’s collective consciousness .
Still , with artists like Eminem , Jay - Z , Kanye West , and 50 Cent ( and production teams like Neptunes and Timbaland ) , it would be another half a decade or so before the South virtually became Top 40 rap .
Growing up in Atlanta , I had a somewhat distorted view of the influence of southern rap .
In fact , just the other day I was discussing this very topic with a well - known East Coast rap mixer and discovered that songs like “ Back That Azz Up ” did n’t have the nearly the impact on the national level that they did in Georgia .
In fact , he said that Mystikal ’s “ Shake Ya Ass ” was the song that , for him , signaled the entrance of southern music into the mainstream .
The south officially became mainstream with the Crunk movement , which is when all the clapping and snapping started .
For me , the turning point was when “ Get Low ” came out and Lil Jon became The Face of Crunk on the national and international levels .
Which brings us back to the initial question :
Why ?
While the actual reason probably has something to do with tools available , the whims of producers , and the butterfly effect …
A clap or snap provides two distinct advantages over a snare drum ( 1 ) It leaves room for other elements in the mix ( does not compete with the vocal ) and ( 2 ) provides a human element .
As Phil pointed out in a previous post , when it comes to a mix , in order for something to be big , something else has to be small .
While it may seem that layers upon layers of sounds would lead to a bigger mix , it also leads to a smaller vocal , smaller drums , smaller bass .
When you ’ve only got a clap , an 808 , and a vocal , each of those elements can be huge .
Unlike the epic snare drums that typify the rock idiom , claps are humble , unassuming , and fun .
Many people simply do not enjoy instrumental music because there is nothing human to connect with .
They need a lead vocal to connect with the song .
To a lesser extent , claps and snaps serve as this same kind of human element .
( If I really wanted to get academic about this , I could relate this to the call - and - response aesthetic seen in traditional African music … but I ’ll abstain . )
Slowly but surely , Crunk has split off into two genres which are in effect today :
“ Snap Music ”
The first branch is known as snap music .
In my mind , snap music is the only authentically southern rap around because it is still exclusively being made in the South ( in other words Kanye is n’t stealing it ) .
Here are its signature characteristics , in order of importance :
A single - note bassline ( no chord progression )
Sparse arrangements
808 kick sound
Monophonic , short , riff - based melodic elements
Snaps on beats 2 and 4
Fruity Loops - esque synth patches
Syncopated snare - fills
Snap music is a little less produced than everything else on the radio .
I ’m talking Yung Joc , I ’m talking Soulja Boy , hell , I ’m talking “ Laffy Taffy ” :
Perhaps even more importantly , it ’s a lot more convenient to snap while dancing than to clap ( not to mention cooler - looking ) .
Mainstream Rap
The other branch is what I would simply call mainstream rap : your Lil Waynes , your T - Pains , your TIs .
This style is characterized by the following :
Auto - Tune / choruses with singing
Claps on beats 2 and 4
808s , either supplementing or serving as the kick sound
A melodic bassline ( in other words , there is an actual chord progression )
Futuristic , techno - like synth patches
This form of southern rap is so far - reaching that virtually every Top 40 artist uses claps , from New York to New Orleans .
Next time you ’re composing a track , remember that the samples you use play an enormous role in defining that song ’s style and determines the demographic to which your music appeals .
* Note :
There are several notable exceptions to this rule right now :
One is Jamie Foxx ’s “ Blame It , ” which utilizes a combination of both a clap and a snare on beats 2 and 4 .
The tune has reached # 6 on iTunes and # 1 on the Billboard Hip - Hop chart .
TI ’s “ Live Your Life ” feat .
Rihanna uses a snare on the backbeat , but it has a syncopated snare pattern too , which gives the song a kind of majestic , almost military band sound .
Perhaps the most complete exception is “ Swagga Like Us , ” with only a snare on beats 2 and 4 .
This choice was undoubtedly very conscious –because of the gravity of this collaboration , they were able to use an unusual instrumental and be perceived as innovative rather than out of touch .
I think that it was inspired by the movie Drumline based on the feel established by the kick drum pattern .
Updated at 2:20 p.m. :
This post was updated throughout with new details .
Two dozen people have been charged with racketeering in a fraudulent mortgage scheme allegedly run by a street gang member , according to an indictment unsealed in San Diego federal court today .
The group allegedly profited from loans arranged for amounts in excess of the price of the housing , among other tactics .
The homes quickly went into foreclosure , according to the indictment .
The alleged mastermind was Darnell Bell , 38 , a member of the Lincoln Park street gang long known to law enforcement for violence and drug sales .
Bell , in prison since April 2008 on a conviction for distributing cocaine , was arraigned in federal court today on a racketeering indictment .
From 2005 to 2008 , the scheme involved the sale of 220 homes and mortgages worth more than $ 100 million issued by 70 lenders , U.S. Atty .
Karen Hewitt said at a news conference .
Keith Slotter , FBI special agent in charge of the San Diego office , said the case showed that street - gang members had gone " from dealing dope on the street ... to delving into this much more sophisticated crime . "
More than $ 9 million from " illegal activities " was deposited into a bank account controlled by Bell , the indictment said .
The 24 defendants face charges including conspiracy , bank and wire fraud , and money laundering .
Bell used his status as a gang member to recruit phony buyers and to " maintain discipline " among the co-conspirators , the indictment said .
FBI and IRS agents today arrested Bell 's 23 co-conspirators , Hewitt said .
The 24 are charged with racketeering , which could lead to much tougher sentences than other real estate fraud cases .
" That 's never been done before in a real estate fraud case , " Slotter said .
The homes were mostly in the cities of Spring Valley and La Mesa and the San Diego neighborhood of Encanto .
According to the indictment , Bell and others would look for properties that had been on the market for months .
Among the co-defendants are people in the real estate , title insurance , appraisal and notary public businesses .
FBI agents became concerned when scanning " suspicious activity " reports filed by lenders .
One tipoff , Hewitt said , was that all the loan documents showed that additional funds were necessary to make the homes accessible to the disabled .
The work , she said , was to be done by Bell Construction , which proved to be a dummy company created by Bell .
-- Tony Perry
A photograph issued by online mapping firm GeoEye - 1 .
An elected California official wants the state known for Internet technology to blur images of schools , hospitals , government buildings and houses of worship in online maps .
An elected California official wants the state known for Internet technology to blur images of schools , hospitals , government buildings and houses of worship in online maps .
Southern California assemblyman Joel Anderson , a Republican , is backing a bill that would call for Internet mapping services to obscure such images or face daily fines of 250,000 dollars .
" Sensitive areas that could be potential soft targets for terrorists or hate crime perpetrators should not be available on the internet at a level of detail that poses a serious security risk , " Anderson said Friday in an email to AFP .
He cited reports that pictures of former prime minister Tony Blair 's home in London were recently removed from a Street View feature in Google maps that provides users with 360 - degree images of locations .
Anderson also said that Street View pictures of the House of Commons and other British government buildings were " blacked out . "
Google has said publically that it does not take it on itself to edit images at its free online mapping service but that it does delete or obscure pictures at requests from property owners or officials running government facilities .
" In the United Kingdom , Google blacked out key government buildings from their Street View service , " Anderson said .
" I have proposed a bill , AB 255 , that would require all Internet mapping sites to take the same precautions with California government buildings , places of worship , schools and hospitals . "
The bill , which Anderson introduced in February , would make it state law for online mapping services to blur images of designated " sensitive " locations , whether the pictures were taken at street level , from the air , or by satellites .
Anderson concedes that his fledgling bill needs to be refined , but argues that it is part of a growing international trend by governments to curb risks of terrorists using online mapping services to plan attacks .
The official maintains that he is not opposed to online maps , but believes only those up to evil deeds are interested in details such as positioning of entrances , windows and air ducts .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Google removes street images over privacy complaints
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Presenter Steve Backshall spends time in bed with Jessica , the world 's only hippo habituated to people .
Filming for the new BBC series Deadly 60 near Hoedspruit , in South Africa , Steve is introduced to Jessica by retired game keeper Tonie Joubert and his wife Shirley .
" In a lifetime working with animals , this is the weirdest thing I 've ever seen , " says Steve .
Deadly 60 will be broadcast on the CBBC channel each Thursday at 1715 BST , starting on 28 May
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Museville
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Here 's what I need .
I need a man , first and foremost , to get my damn car out of the snow .
There 's only one of me .
I need someone to push it and by " it " I mean car .
You can say , " crank it ! " or maybe " gun it ! " or " that 's my FOOT , goddammit ! "
Seriously I need groceries .
Oh .
Also I need a tune - up .
On the car .
I can help , I will purchase the air filter and flushing fluid or whatever .
Now , other things I need you to do include some simple patchwork on my walls .
Then you 'll need to paint of course .
I mean , I could do this I guess , but see I lack the tools and this just would be a nice gesture on your part .
Also I 'm going to need furniture and its subsequent arrangement .
You are the perfect candidate what with your higher muscle to fat ratio .
Remember to lift with your knees , hon .
Also the bathroom is pretty gross .
It needs to be finished since my man-boy landlord figure is as useless , as say , the elder Rocky Balboa , electric toothbrushes ( are you really so lazy you find the task of rotating toothbrush in circular manner yourself daunting ? ) and WalMart .
I do n't currently have anyone whose ass needs to be whooped , but we will work on that .
I 'd expect no less of you than to fly into a jealous mad rage for my dubious honor .
I 'd be mad at first but then secretly delighted .
I 'd also like a man to be more knowledgeable about alcohol than I am .
I do n't drink that much .
But I enjoy it and I do n't know what to order .
You may NOT take advantage of this arrangement by sitting bourbon in front of me , repeatedly , and letting me drink it because if I did n't it would be wasted .
You know how I hate waste .
But I also hate dry - heaving and sleeping with my contacts in .
I need someone with whom I can purchase a house .
You can store your wall patch , metric wrenches , and girly mags ( frown ) in it and I will store myself and collection of houseplants .
I can't justify buying a house myself .
And certainly the steps would be crooked or door mishung and there are limits , as mentioned previously , to my supreme handiness .
You can have a workshop and I want a large bathtub surrounded my mysterious feminine products subtly reminding me that my wa - hoo is dirty and thus I am not worthy of love / validation .
I think we should get some cats .
While I have a computer , obviously , it is probably laden with viruses and insecure and god knows what else .
I bet you can fix this .
I 'd also like decent speakers through which to broadcast woxy , wnku , and npr .
Really anything with letters .
If you are unfamiliar with these broadcasts , please exit stage right and slip on the ice immediately .
In return , I perform Womanly Duties that have become beholden to me through generations of selection , and to a lesser degree , racism , sexism , and plain stupidity .
They include : being more socially and environmentally conscious than you generally speaking , eating healthy ( and making you eat healthy too ) , being passive - aggressive instead of directly communicating , complaining that you are too sensitive , witholding sex in case of argument , and perhaps bearing your offspring .
Things I do n't do that women may typically do include shopping ( except food and your ass is coming to the farmers market too ) , asking you about my ass , and talking excessively .
Things I find unacceptable but could possibly turn my head if performed your Duties include excess .
Such as excessive smoking , excessive gaming , excessive masturbation , excessive TV , excessive leaving your dirty socks / dishes strewn about , really excessive anything .
Things you find unacceptable but could possibly turn your head might include : negativity ( working on it ) , thrift ( not working on it ) , excess sarcasm ( see previous statement ) .
Also I only really shave during the summer and then only knee - length .
Frequently the hair on my head is just out of control .
I except that your bad habits will influence me and shorten my life span and my good habits will influence yours and lengthen your life span .
Nonetheless , you will die before me and then I 'll have to post on Craigslist again .
Until then I look forward to your replies which either praise me or tell me to go fuck myself .
Sincerely ,
Me
The Conservative Party of Canada has proposed draconian new drug legislation that includes mandatory prison sentences for non-violent offenders .
If passed , the laws would significantly increase jail time for adults caught possessing , selling , or growing marijuana , and would introduce outrageous penalties like six - months imprisonment for producing as little as a single plant .
The new provisions call for mandatory prison terms for dealing drugs such as cocaine and heroin , and increased maximum penalties for cannabis production from 7 to 14 years .
Stephen Harper has seized a moment of heightened public anxiety over a recent surge in gang violence to push for the proposed amendments to the Controlled Drugs and Substances
Act , claiming critics of his so - called “ tough on crime ” policies just “ do n’t want them to work . ”
With many activists , journalists , criminologists , ex-cops , and sensible politicians agreeing that the only way to get rid of gang violence is to end the War on Drugs , rational Canadians have been left wondering what the Prime Minister and his party have been smoking .
As several recent newspaper articles have noted , drug prohibition directly causes gang violence by creating a black market and organized criminals who turn to violence because they have no legal recourse to settle business disputes .
The only way to truly eliminate the illegal drug trade is to legalize all drugs , taking them out of the hands of the criminals and putting them into a regulated and controlled environment .
Harper ’s new laws will only escalate the growing gang violence by criminalizing more Canadians , pushing marijuana production further into the control of those willing to take big risks .
“ Alcohol prohibition did not work , ” MP Bill Siksay ( Burnaby - Douglas , NDP ) said in a statement about gang violence he made to the House of Commons last week .
“ Many of the same problems now associated with the drug trade were experienced in the United States during its period of alcohol prohibition .
It took ending prohibition and implementing alcohol control policies to restore respect for the law and make progress on alcohol related social issues .
Bold steps to confront our drug use hypocrisy and end the profitability of illegal drugs will make our communities safer . ”
To see the results of the “ tough ” US - style policies the Conservative Party hopes to bring to Canada , Harper need only look south to Mexico , where police and military forces are fighting a bloody battle with vicious drug cartels for control of the streets .
Just as in Mexico , corrupt Canadian officials are already being implicated for working secretly with gangsters .
In a underreported story last week , CTV News revealed that “ a federal government employee may have been leaking confidential information to known B.C. gangsters . ”
“ In sworn testimony last October , ” the news agency reported , “ retired RCMP inspector Mike Ryan of the Organized Crime Agency of B.C. answered ‘ yes ’ when asked if police suspected that a Canadian Revenue Agency employee had been leaking information on behalf of rivals of the United Nations Gang ” .
If Harper and the Conservatives get their way , Canada runs the risk of becoming the next Drug War - Zone .
The chart below ( from the Department of Justice ) shows a breakdown of the Conservatives ’ proposed changes to the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act .
ANNEX A
ANNEX B
1 Aggravating Factors List A
The aggravating factors include offences committed :
for the benefit of organized crime ;
involving use or threat of violence ;
involved use or threat of use of weapons ;
by someone who was previously convicted ( in the past 10 years ) of a serious drug offence involving a Schedule I or II substance .
2 Aggravating Factors List B
The aggravating factors include offences committed :
in a prison ;
in or near a school , in or near an area normally frequented by youth or in the presence of youth ;
in concert with a youth ;
in relation to a youth ( e.g. selling to a youth ) .
3 Health and Safety Factors
TRION , Georgia ( CNN ) --
The Dodge Neon sped down Interstate 40 in eastern Oklahoma , its occupants heading to Phoenix , Arizona , to buy a load of dope .
It was May 2005 .
The couple brought along methamphetamine , cocaine and marijuana to help pass the time on the long journey .
Paul Faulkner , 83 , and his son , Michael Smith , were convicted in a drug smuggling ring in north Georgia .
At that moment , Detective Rob Rumble had no clue that the traffic stop he was about to make would launch a years - long drug investigation stretching more than 2,000 miles , from the remote mountains of northwest Georgia all the way down to Mexico .
The investigation showed how an 83 - year - old grandfather adapted to the times , morphing from old school bootlegging to dealing Mexican dope .
His son acted as the ringleader of the operation .
His grandson was tied in too , authorities say .
" I 've seen it all .
Nothing surprises me , " said Rumble , a drug investigator for the district attorney 's office in east - central Oklahoma .
After making that traffic stop , Rumble persuaded the nervous , lanky driver from Georgia to work with authorities and tell everything he knew .
Investigators were led to a sleepy pocket of Georgia with scenic mountain views where people wave to strangers from their cars and where some homes still fly the Confederate flag .
Watch moonshine , marijuana and a family feud »
It 's the last place one might expect drugs from Mexico .
But the demand for drugs is reaching even the most remote corners of America .
Their story has all the intrigue of a classic Southern novel -- three generations of a family business on the wrong side of the law , complete with an old fashioned family feud .
" When they 're in that type of business , there 's a reckoning day -- and apparently this is it , " said Benny Perry , the 78 - year - old mayor of Trion , Georgia , one of the towns where the family was operating .
Perry is a barrel - chested man and speaks in a welcoming Southern accent .
" I 'll say this , I was completely surprised , " he said .
" I felt like we had a problem here , but I would n't have thought it was originating in Mexico and coming here . "
The drugs , mostly marijuana , were trucked from Mexico through California and Arizona and then distributed across five counties in Georgia and one in Tennessee , authorities say .
They were hidden in just about anything -- furniture , roofs of big-rigs and tire wells .
Once the shipments arrived , the dope was put in 50 - caliber ammunition cans and buried in the woods , where buyers would pick up the stash and leave behind thousands in cash , authorities say .
See where the family operated »
Series : Drug Cartels
This is the fourth in CNN . com 's four - part series on drug cartels .
Monday : Authorities are taking on Mexico's drug cartels as the groups ' tentacles extend into the U.S .
Tuesday : Torture a hallmark of the more than 1,000 kidnappings in Phoenix , Arizona , since 2006
Wednesday : : Almost 70 percent of students at an El Paso , Texas , school live in Mexico
This is the fourth in CNN .
com 's four - part series on drug cartels .
Authorities are taking on Mexico's drug cartels as the groups ' tentacles extend into the U.S. Torture a hallmark of the more than 1,000 kidnappings in Phoenix , Arizona , since 2006 : Almost 70 percent of students at an El Paso , Texas , school live in Mexico
At the heart of the operation was 46 - year - old Michael Leon Smith , who authorities say became one of the richest men in Chattooga County , population 25,000 , as he laundered his drug money by buying up dozens of pieces of property .
One tract of land sits on Old Justice Road , an ironic name considering the law finally caught up with him .
Smith 's 83 - year - old father , Paul Leon Faulkner , was also busted .
Eight others , including Faulkner 's grandson ( Smith 's nephew ) , pleaded guilty to an array of charges related to the drug ring .
The drugs mostly involved marijuana , but methamphetamine and cocaine were also part of the smuggling operation , authorities say .
" We love it when somebody says they can't be caught , " said Del Thomasson , a special agent with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation who worked the case .
Faulkner , who is suffering from cancer , was handed a 20 - year sentence last month and is to head to prison in August .
" Twenty years , that is a death sentence , " said Giles Jones , Faulkner 's attorney , adding that he has appealed the sentence .
He said Faulkner was a " full - time mountain shiner " who could talk moonshine until he was " blue in the face , " but knew little about the Mexican marijuana operation .
Jones said the old man 's son " threw his ass under the bus " to save himself .
" It 's a situation where I guess you 're just looking out for yourself .
It 's every day as every day , man , " said Jones .
Not so fast , said Cathy Alterman , the defense attorney for Smith , Faulkner 's son .
" Michael did n't throw his father under the bus .
His father threw Michael down the drain when he was 16 years old , " Alterman said .
" If the father got a longer sentence , it 's because he 's a lousy father .
...
He was never there for his son , except to be a bad example . "
Smith is serving a nine - year sentence in federal prison in Montgomery , Alabama .
Faulkner 's grandson is also serving a nine - year sentence .
There is no parole in the federal system .
Alterman said the sentences are excessive for people involved in dealing marijuana , a substance she says should be legalized .
iReport.com : Time to legalize pot ?
" Michael 's a wonderful family man , a Christian -- which means a lot to him , a very religious man .
And I point out that in the Bible , God gave us every seed - bearing plant , and I think Michael looked at it that way .
And , unfortunately , our government since 1937 has not seen it as a God - given right . "
Alterman is a defense attorney in suburban Atlanta , Georgia .
She says about 90 percent of her clients are accused drug dealers , " most of them out of Mexico . "
Asked if Smith was dealing with people tied to Mexico 's ruthless cartels , Alterman said , " Yes . "
Learn more about Mexican cartels »
" When you 're selling in quantity -- all right , and Michael was selling in quantity -- you need someone who is able to give you a regular supply at a reasonable price , and so eventually Michael did end up buying from people who were from Mexico . "
The cartels are so organized , the money so great , that when an operation like this family 's is taken down , it does n't take long for others to move in .
" Within 24 hours , if someone 's arrested , someone else here already in the United States in the trade will take their place , " Alterman said .
" America does not know that the fingers of the cartels are basically around the throat of America , " she added , " and it has spread out to rural America just as much as the inner city of Detroit . "
Authorities agree .
Nearly every rural community is facing a similar battle , with drug dealers taking up shop in small towns where law enforcement has less of a presence and where the nation 's highways make for easy transport .
" I think people should care about what happens in a rural area , because let 's face it , there are more rural areas than there are cities .
Our community is not the only one affected , " said GBI agent Thomasson .
A Justice Department study released last year showed Mexican cartels had a presence in 230 U.S. cities , stretching from the U.S. - Mexican border to the Southeast and as far north as Alaska .
The nation 's rural communities are increasingly affected .
See the cartels ' urban hubs
" Historically , rural America uses more alcohol and less drugs .
That is changing , " said Dr. H. Westley Clark , the director of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment .
There have been few comprehensive studies over the last decade looking at the problem of drugs in rural America .
According to a 2006 report by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration , the use of illicit drugs in America is nearly the same in cities and rural areas , 8.7 percent compared to 7.8 percent respectively .
Another report , in 2000 by the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University , found that eighth - graders living in rural America were 34 percent more likely to smoke marijuana than in urban centers and 83 percent more likely to use crack cocaine .
In Trion , a town of about 2,000 people , a sign sits at the edge of the community in support of the local K - 12 school .
It reads , " Trion Bulldogs deserve a drug free community to live and grow ! ! "
The words " drug free " are underlined .
Many here are shocked to hear drugs from Mexico are coming through .
Most do n't like to talk on the record about the case because the family was well - known , even well - liked .
" You got a guy who 's a drug dealer , but you have good people in a community .
I mean , they do n't have a clue what 's going on , " Thomasson said .
The town 's mayor , Perry , said it 's difficult to reconcile a " cordial " local family with the serious drug convictions .
" You could talk to [ them ] ... and they would speak back , " he said of Faulkner and Smith .
" That 's a big thing up here in a small town .
If you speak to somebody and they do n't speak back , you think , ' Well , something 's wrong here . ' "
Perry said local authorities are trying " to stamp out the local demand , " adding , " As long as we 've got a market for it , they 're gonna bring it up here . "
Alterman , the defense attorney , agrees .
" Americans are screaming for drugs " and there 's millions to be made , she said .
" There 's too much money involved . "
It is perhaps the world 's cheapest mobile phone .
It is the latest offering from Hugo Chavez 's socialist revolution .
And its name is derived from a slang word for penis .
Behold the Vergatorio .
Venezuela 's president launched the handset on his TV show with a Mother 's Day call to his mum and predicted it would conquer all rivals .
" This telephone will be the biggest seller not only in Venezuela but the world , " he said .
" Whoever does n't have a Vergatario is nothing , " he joked .
Priced just $ 15 ( nearly £ 10 ) , the phone has a camera , WAP internet access , FM radio and MP3 and MP4 players for music and videos .
And it has that name .
Why the president chose it remains unclear , but he enunciates each syllable with a grin .
Some laugh , others are affronted .
Verga is slang for penis and vergatario is a newly minted word which signifies excellent but retains connotations from its root .
The word verga , and variations of it , are associated with Venezuela 's second city , Maracaibo .
Residents are famous for swearing and using Spanish verbal constructions uncommon in the rest of Venezuela .
" It 's gross .
I can't believe they named it something so vulgar , " said Leonor Diaz , 52 , a cleaner .
Others however consider the name playful and harmless .
The newspaper El Universal issued readers a challenge .
" Say Vergatario in front of a mirror .
Pronounce this obscenity syllable by syllable , slowly , and note the expression on your face . "
Chavez , a decade in power , is a shrewd communicator who often uses salty expressions to mark himself out as a man of the people .
He called George Bush a " pendejo " , a term derived from pubic hair which can be translated as asshole or jerk .
A government subsidy which cut the retail price to a quarter of the manufacturing cost is likely to make the Vergatario an immediate hit .
There is a waiting list for the first 10,000 units expected to be released this week .
Production this year has been set at 600,000 , rising to 2 m in 2011 , when the government hopes to export the model to the Caribbean and then further afield .
Parts are imported from China and assembled in a factory in western Venezuela run by a new company , Vetelca , 85 % owned by the Venezuelan state and 15 % by the Chinese company ZTE .
The government , facing a financial crunch and labour unrest over tumbling oil revenues , said the investment would boost the country 's " technological independence " .
Chavez turned a segment of his weekly TV show into a promotion .
" Has your Vergatorio arrived ? " he asked his mother .
" This is the first call I 've made with my Vergatorio . "
Apple today announced its earnings for its most recent quarter , and reported earnings of $ 1.33 a share on revenue of $ 8.16 Billion .
Put another way , that 's $ 1.21 Billion in profits .
The general consensus among analysts hinted at an EPS of $ 1.08 a share on revenue of $ 8 Billion .
Last year during the same quarter , Apple reported earnings of $ 1.16 a share on revenue of $ 7.51 Billion .
In a press release issued today , Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer noted :
" We are extremely pleased to report the best non-holiday quarter revenue and earnings in our history .
Apple ’s financial condition remains very robust , with almost $ 29 billion in cash and marketable securities on our balance sheet . "
In accordance with expectations , Apple reported 2.2 million Mac sales which represents a 3 % decline from the same quarter a year - ago .
i Phone and iPod sales figures were slightly higher than expected , with 11.01 million iPods sold and 3.79 million iPhones sold .
In its press release , Apple pointed out that iPhone sales for the past quarter represent a 123 % increase in unit growth from the same quarter a year - ago .
Of course , last year 's quarter did n't have the benefit of the iPhone 3G or the immensely popular iTunes App Store .
Still , the increase is staggering .
Apple 's better than expected earnings were largely the result of higher than anticipated gross margins , which came in at 36.4 % for the quarter , up from 32.9 % during the same quarter a year - ago .
This helps explain why analysts were fairly accurate in their revenue estimates , but way off base when it came to their EPS estimates .
Apple COO
Tim Cook noted that higher gross margins were largely the result of extremely strong iLife '09 and iWork '09 sales .
Apple 's earnings report should be a welcome surprise for investors , who have recently become bearish on the stock in light of surrounding economic conditions .
Looking forward to the next quarter , Apple once again provided a range of guidance , and anticipates earnings to fall anywhere between $ 0.95 and $ 1.00 a share on revenue between 7.7 and $ 7.9 Billion .
Here are some of the more interesting points from Apple 's earnings conference call : - iPod sales were up 3 % from the same quarter a year - ago - The iPhone is now available in 81 countries - The iTunes App Store now boasts over 35,000 applications - The iTunes App Store is within hours of reaching its Billionth download - Half of all Macs sold at Apple Stores were to first time Mac owners - 16 % increase in Apple Store foot traffic with over 39 Million visitors - Apple is sitting on 28.9 Billion in cash -
The total number of iPhones and iPod Touch 's comes in at 37 million units - Extremely strong iTunes growth in terms of downloaded music , movies , and applications - Echoing statements made during its last earnings conference call , Cook noted that Apple will not create a price umbrella for iPhone competitors Netbooks ?
Not any time soon During a Q&A session , the issue of netbooks was brought up .
Not surprisingly , Apple COO Tim Cook responded by pointing out many of the shortcomings of netbooks such as their small screens , cramped keyboards , and shoddy software .
Cook went on to say that if consumers are looking for a portable device with which to check their email and browse the web , that the iPod Touch is an attractive option .
As expected , Cook finished by saying that Apple has some " interesting ideas " when it comes to netbooks , but that they are still not interested in entering that particular market segment .
i Phone exclusivity to AT&T
When asked about keeping the iPhone exclusive to AT&T , Tim Cook said that Apple is very happy with AT&T and that they are focused on making one phone capable of working worldwide .
That , of course , currently rules out Verizon 's CDMA network which does n't have a significant presence outside of North America .
Verizon plans to roll out its 4G network in 2010 , and that 's probably the earliest we 'd see the iPhone on another carrier .
Meanwhile , AT&T is reportedly in negotiations with Apple to extend its exclusivity contract to sell the iPhone until 2011 as AT&T and Apple 's current deal is largely believed to run through 2010 .
Steve Jobs
It 's hard to get through an Apple event without someone bringing up Steve Jobs , and this was no exception .
When prodded about Jobs ' , Cook stated that Jobs is still planning on returning to the CEO position at Apple in June .
Am morgigen Sonntag ist der Welttag des geistigen Eigentums .
Dieser Tag soll die Wichtigkeit von geistigen Eigentumsrechten herausstreichen .
Im Sinne dieses Ereignisses veranstaltet der BDI seine Aktion Ideenliebe , die Kindern den Wert geistigen Eigentums vermitteln soll .
Wir Piraten finden Kreativität und gute Ideen wichtig und wollen diese fördern .
Wir glauben aber , dass restriktive Eigentumsrechte der falsche Zugang zur Förderung von Ideen sind .
Wir sind nicht die Einzigen , die das so sehen : Tausende Menschen auf der ganzen
Welt sehen keinen Sinn darin ihre Ideen und ihre Kreativität in Ketten zu legen , vielmehr sorgen sie für freie Verbreitung .
Ihren großen Durchbruch erlebte die Idee , eigene Werke auch anderen frei zugänglich zu machen , bei Open - Source - Software .
Heutzutage nutzen viele Menschen Firefox , OpenOffice , Linux oder Thunderbird .
All diese Programme wurden von Menschen geschrieben , die darauf verzichtet haben kleinlich auf jede Kopie Lizenzgebühren zu verlangen .
Stattdessen erlaubten sie die freie Verbreitung .
Ein Verzeichnis von Open - Source - Software findet sich unter freshmeat.net .
Ein weiteres bekanntes Beispiel für die faire Zugänglichkeit von Wissen ist die Wikipedia .
Wer hat nicht schon alles von ihr profitiert .
Aber die Wikipedia wäre nie so groß geworden , wenn nicht so viele Menschen zu ihr Inhalte beigetragen hätten .
Und es wären nie so viele Teilnehmer geworden , wenn die Wikipedia nicht eine Lizenz gewählt hätte , die die Verbreitung ihrer Inhalte befördert .
Als ‘ Wikipedia für Karten ’ versteht sich das Projekt OpenStreetMap .
Viele Menschen weltweit arbeiten zusammen um eine Weltkarte zu erstellen .
Auch Musik und Filme gibt es , die auf Verbreitung statt auf Fesselung setzen .
Jamendo ist eine Plattform , die Musik vieler Künstler bereitstellt .
Der private Download ist vollkommen legal .
Einen Durchbruch in einem anderen Bereich erzielte die Blender - Foundation , mit ihrem selbst produzierten Animationskurzfilm Elephants Dream .
Inzwischen wurde ein weiterer Film produziert , Big Buck Bunny .
Die eingangs genannte Open - Source - Software , setzt auf Lizenzen , die die freie Verbreitung und Weiterentwicklung ermöglichen .
Open -Source - Lizenzen sind auf der Seite der Open - Source - Initiative einsehbar .
Im Bereich Inhalte neben Software haben sich die Creative - Commons - Lizenzen etabliert .
Viele der vorgenannten Beispiele sind unter einer Creative - Commons - Linzenz veröffentlicht .
All das Geschehen um befreites und angekettetes Wissen , Kreativität und Ideen ist im Wissensallmende - Report 2009 ausführlich beschrieben .
So ist unser Wunsch für den Welttag des geistigen Eigentums : Mehr Menschen sollten ihr geistiges Eigentum mit anderen teilen .
Was ist Euer Beitrag ?
Was habt ihr bereits zur Wissensallmende beigetragen ?
Welche freien Inhalte findet ihr neben den genannten Beispielen erwähnenswert ?
Teilt uns Eure Meinung mit , die Kommentarfunktion steht zu Eurer Verfügung .
Und entlasst morgen zum Tag des geistigen Eigentums einige Ideen , etwas Wissen oder Kreativität in die Freiheit .
Wer Ideen liebt , lässt sie frei !
Two mobile phones have been found in the prison cells of convicted rapists Bilal and Mohammed Skaf .
The Department of Corrective Services is investigating how the men managed to smuggle the phones into the maximum security Goulburn Jail .
A spokesman for the Department of Corrective Services , John Dunthorn , explained to the ABC how the phones were discovered .
" We got some information on Tuesday .
We acted almost immediately on that information , " he said .
" The information was n't specific but it was close enough for us to determine that there was a possibility of something being secreted there .
" We searched a number of cells .
One of those cells contained the two Skaf brothers and in the course of searching that cell we found the two mobile phones . "
The brothers were strip - searched and put into immediate segregation , with Mohammed Skaf , 25 , transported the same day to Lithgow jail .
It was unknown how long the brothers had the phones , but an investigation had begun to determine how they received the contraband items , the spokesman said .
Bilal Skaf , 26 , is serving a 36 - year term , while Mohammed Skaf is serving a 23 - year term .
They were convicted over a series of gang rapes including a pack attack on a 16 - year - old girl at Gosling Park in the western Sydney suburb of Greenacre in August 2000 .
The New South Wales Opposition says there needs to be a full investigation into the incident .
The Opposition Leader Barry O" Farrell says it is a major security breach .
- ABC/AAP
- video encodings still in process -
Amazing .
US Congressman , against the resolution support Israel , tells on the floor on Congress that Israel created Hamas for their own agendas like the US created Osama bin Laden .
Humanitarian Aid to Pakistan Coming Through … The Defense Department
Created : May 18 , 2009 13:12 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
There are something like 900,000 Pakistanis internally displaced because of the ongoing fighting between the Taliban and the Pakistani military , according to Ambassador Richard Holbrooke , the Obama administration ’s special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan , and the number is likely to increase by hundreds of thousands more .
The United States , however , stands ready to provide aid .
Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman explains what ’s on offer :
And that ’s well and good .
The question , though , is when the Defense Department is n’t going to retain the exclusive capability to provide this aid .
Secretaries Hillary Rodham Clinton and Bob Gates have both talked about bolstering the State Department and the U.S. Agency for International Development ’s capacity to take on the provision of non-military assistance .
I hesitate to criticize , since we ’re talking about the well - being of roughly a million people — a concern that eclipses bureaucratic box - checking — but there ’s always going to be some important priority that comes before interagency reform .
And in this case , the State Department has a more established presence in the country than the Defense Department does .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Countless workers in the United States are trapped in jobs they would like to leave because they cannot get health insurance elsewhere , calcifying innovation and mobility in the world ’s largest economy .
An executive is seen in this undated handout photo .
REUTERS / Newscom / Handout
Daunted by health - care costs , a would - be technology entrepreneur in Texas decides not to start her own business .
A communications expert in Washington decides not to strike out on his own .
And a freelance magazine editor in Brooklyn decides to take a less satisfying corporate job .
“ I would rather be freelancing , no question , ” said Jessica Tolliver , a former editor who now works in public relations .
“ I got my work done in less time , because once I finished what I had to do , the time was my own . ”
Economists call this phenomenon “ job lock , ” and studies suggest that it keeps between 20 percent and 50 percent of workers from leaving their current jobs .
Because health insurance is tied to employment in the United States , workers who leave their jobs can see health bills skyrocket if they strike out on their own or take a position with a company that offers fewer benefits .
Workers who would like to retire early stay on , unable to qualify for the government ’s Medicare program until they turn 65 .
And those who have existing health problems may not be able to get coverage at all .
Job lock is difficult to measure because many employees do n’t like to advertise their unhappiness .
But economists and small - business advocates say it takes an enormous toll on productivity .
SLOWING INNOVATION
“ We can definitely say that it ’s slowing down the rate of innovation , ” said Tim Kane , an economist with the Kauffman Foundation which promoted entrepreneurship .
For Mike , a Washington - based communications professional who did not want to use his last name , health costs may force him to pass up the chance to be his own boss at a time when he could easily pick up several major clients .
With two children at home , Mike said he was reluctant to abandon the generous benefits he gets at the trade group where he currently works .
Self - employment would probably mean spending more for fewer benefits .
“ I do n’t want a bad event to knock me and my family out of the box , ” he said .
“ It ’s a real hurdle . ”
As head of the National Federation of Independent Businesses , Todd Stottlemeyer frequently encountered would - be entrepreneurs who let their ideas go stale and their products languish on the workbench because they did not want to shoulder their own health care costs .
When he asked audiences if health insurance has affected their employment decisions , often half the hands in the room would go up .
“ There are lots of factors that go into why somebody starts a business or does n’t start a business :
Do I have a good idea , do I have capital , do I have risk tolerance ? , ” said Stottlemeyer , now an executive at a hospital chain .
“ Being able to get health insurance ... should not be one of those determinant factors . ”
Making insurance more affordable for the self - employed could lead to a wave of new businesses , one study suggests .
New Jersey saw a 14 to 20 percent rise in entrepreneurial activity due to a 1993 law making it easier for the self - employed to afford health insurance , a study by Philip DeCicca of McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario found .
Roughly 60 percent of the U.S. population now gets its health coverage through work , but the system is increasingly strained due to rising costs .
Congress is working to overhaul the troubled system .
The Democratic majority hopes to pass a law which President Barack Obama can sign by the end of the year .
However , employer - based care is likely to remain a bedrock of any new approach .
The link between healthcare and jobs evolved during World War II , when the government imposed wage controls but allowed companies to adopt health - insurance plans to lure employees .
Small - business groups have often complained this unfairly tilts the playing field toward large employers that have the clout to negotiate rates that are 18 percent lower on average , according to the Commonwealth Fund .
Consequently , workers at small firms are much less likely to have health insurance .
While 99 percent of companies that employ more than 200 employees offer health coverage , only 49 percent of companies that employ between 3 and 9 workers do so , according to the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation .
Part - time workers are also less likely to get benefits than full - time employees , according to Kaiser .
Self - employed workers face a further disadvantage because they cannot deduct health - insurance payments from their income taxes , unlike companies that maintain a payroll .
As a freelancer , Tolliver could work from wherever she and take playground breaks with her daughters .
But a $ 1,200 monthly healthcare bill ultimately led her to take a job where insurance only costs her $ 200 per month .
“ It would be obnoxious to say were struggling to put food on the table .
But that said , it was a lot of money . ”
Technology.am ( May 8,2009 ) —
Google comment translation will be a boon to international blogs and sites , such as Go2Web20 , which use Google Friend Connect as a login system .
Google Friend Connect added a new feature , comment translation .
The comment widget can now unify the language of any comment thread , turning any and all comments into one language .
This means that if you have one post in French , another in German , and yet another in Russian , you can click an option to read them all in the same language .
The translation is still machine translation , but it is usually good enough to get across the main gist of what people are saying .
The way it works is the comment widget has a “ translate ” link which then pops up a menu of languages to choose from .
The translated comments are then highlighted in yellow .
Google is using its own Translate API to do this work .
Friend Connect users who already have the tool installed on their blogs or sites do not have to upgrade .
The Lists :
Unusual Musical Instruments | Worst Recording Artists | Best Concerts | Novelty Songs | Modern Day Minstrel
One Hit Wonders | Best Selling Albums | Best Electric Guitars | Top Lyricists | Music Magz | Top Venues
Top Concert Venues
The majority of the " traditional " concert venues of the early Rock n'
Roll era have been resigned to the pages of history , but some have survived , and others like the Fillmore East are being revived and revamped .
The vast number of concert goers today would put a serious strain on the limitations of the older venues , and as a consequence , many concerts today are being performed at sports / multi purpose arenas .
The following list is of the more notable venues , with the somewhat reluctant addition of the " multi- purpose " theaters , as I feel that , while they are becoming the main arena for the majority of concerts today due to seating capacity , they are somewhat lacking in the acoustics , and ambience of the true concert halls .
The list is a balance between sight and sound , ambience and acoustics .
Red Rocks
Red Rocks Amphitheater is a rock structure in Red Rocks Park near Morrison , Colorado ( west of Denver ) , where concerts are given in the open - air amphitheater .
There is a large , tilted , disc - shaped rock behind the stage , a huge vertical rock angled outwards from stage right , several large boulders angled outwards from stage left and a seating area for up to 9,450 people in the middle .
The amphitheater is owned and operated by the City and County of Denver , Colorado .
Performances have been held at Red Rocks for over 100 years .
Believed to have been used by the Ute tribe in earlier times , the earliest documented performance at the amphitheater was the Grand Opening of the Garden of the Titans , put on by famed editor John Brisben Walker on May 31 , 1906 .
Red Rocks
Park is a mountain park in Jefferson County , Colorado , owned and maintained by the city of Denver as part of the Denver Mountain Parks system .
The park is known for its very large red sandstone boulders .
Many of these formations within the park have names , from the mushroom - shaped Seat of Pluto to the inclined Cave of the Seven Ladders .
The most visited rocks , around the amphitheater , are Creation Rock to the north , Ship Rock to the south , and Stage Rock to the east .
The rocks were formed about 290 - 296 million years ago when the primeval Rocky Mountains were eroded away .
Address ; Red Rocks Park & Amphitheater , 18300 W. Alameda Parkway , Morrison , CO 80465
Royal Albert Hall
The Royal Albert Hall is one of the UK's most treasured and distinctive buildings , recognizable the world over .
Since its opening the world 's leading artists from every kind of performance genre have appeared on its stage .
Each year it hosts more than 350 performances including classical concerts , rock and pop , ballet and opera , tennis , award ceremonies , school and community events , charity performances and lavish banquets .
Opened by Queen Victoria on 29 March 1871 the Royal Albert Hall has played host to a multitude of different events and legendary figures and has been affectionately titled " The Nation 's Village Hall " .
The first concert at the Hall was Arthur Sullivan 's cantata , On Shore and Sea , which was performed on 1 May 1871 .
Address ; Kensington Gore , Kensington , London , SW7 .
The Fillmore
The Fillmore West , ( or Fillmore Auditorium ) , is a historic music venue in San Francisco , California , made famous by Bill Graham was named for its original location at the intersection of Fillmore Street and Geary Boulevard .
In 1968 , Graham moved his concerts to a different venue at Market Street and South Van Ness Avenue ( formerly The Carousel Ballroom and El Patio ) which he renamed Fillmore West ; the original Fillmore Auditorium continued under the name The Elite Club .
Graham began presenting concerts at the original Fillmore Auditorium again in the 1980s , but it was closed due to earthquake damage in October 1989 .
After much structural work , in 1994 the original Geary Boulevard location re-opened as The Fillmore .
The Fillmore Auditoriums , both east and west , became the focal point for psychedelic music and the counterculture rock movement , featuring virtually every big music act of the era .
The Fillmore East was Bill Graham 's late 1960s – early 1970s rock palace in the East Village area of New York City .
Located on Second Avenue at Sixth Street , this venue provided Graham with an East Coast counterpart to his existing Fillmore West establishment in San Francisco .
Opening on March 8 , 1968 , the Fillmore East quickly became known as " The Church of Rock and Roll , " with two - show concerts several nights a week .
Known as the Village Theater for most of its previous existence , the venue had been a mainstay of the Yiddish theatre circuit ; it had also been a cinema and had fallen into disrepair before Graham 's acquisition .
Despite the deceptively small marquee and facade , the theater had a capacity of 2,700 seats .
Address ; West - 1805 Geary Boulevard , San Francisco , CA 94115 .
East - Irving Plaza , 17 Irving Place , N.Y. NY , 10003 .
Madison Square Garden
Madison Square Garden , The World 's Most Famous Arena , is located in Manhattan on Seventh Avenue between 31st and 33rd Streets , , often abbreviated as MSG and known colloquially as The Garden , has been the name of four incarnations of the arena .
The first two were located at the northeast corner of Madison Square ( Madison Avenue and 26th Street ) from which the arena takes its name .
The third arena was the 17,000 - seat Garden ( opened December 15 , 1925 ) and was built at 50th Street and 8th Avenue , the current Garden ( opened February 14 , 1968 ) is at 7th Avenue between 31st and 33rd Streets , situated on top of Pennsylvania Station .
Today 's Madison Square Garden is more than just the arena .
Other venues at the Garden include : The WaMu Theater at Madison Square Garden , which seats between 2,000 and 5,600 for concerts and it also occasionally hosts major boxing matches on nights when the main arena is unavailable .
No seat is more than 177 feet ( 54 m ) from the 30 - foot ( 9.1 m ) - by - 64 - foot stage .
The 36,000 - square - foot ( 3,300 m2 ) Expo Center ( formerly known as " The Rotunda " ) is used for trade shows .
A 9,500 - square - foot ( 880 m2 ) terrace and two restaurants : the Garden Club and the Play - by - Play .
Address ; Four Pennsylvania Plaza , ( 7th Avenue between W 31st St and W 33rd St ) , New York , NY 10001 .
The Hollywood Bowl
The Hollywood Bowl is the largest natural amphitheater in the United States .
Seating nearly 18,000 patrons , the venue has had four shells since its beginnings in 1922 ; the new shell becomes the venue 's fifth .
In 1922 , the Bowl 's first stage was constructed and consisted of a simple wooden platform with a canvas top .
Patrons sat on moveable benches .
In 1926 , a cooperative society of 33 local Los Angeles architects , known as Allied Architects , built the Bowl 's first arched proscenium .
The curved wooden frame consisted of two different shapes : a low elliptical arch in the background with a circular arch inside , framing the musicians .
The acoustic problems found in the design caused the shell to be torn down at the end of the season .
Lloyd Wright , the eldest son of Frank Lloyd Wright , designed two shells for the Hollywood Bowl .
He was commissioned to design a shell for the 1927 symphony season after having designed several sets for theatrical productions at the Hollywood Bowl .
In 1928 , Lloyd Wright 's second commission included the specific instruction that he was to design a circular music shell .
Again , the architect tackled the dual issues of acoustics and aesthetics .
The 1928 shell consisted of nine concentric , segmental arches , which could be " tuned " panel by panel .
Numerous attempts to improve the 1929 shell 's acoustics were undertaken over the years .
In 1970 , architect Frank Gehry and acoustician Christopher Jaffe devised an inexpensive , temporary solution by creating " sonotubes , " manufactured cardboard forms that looked like concrete columns .
Their arrangement of tubes inside the shell and extending along the outer wings enhanced the sound but altered the look of the shell , disguising the Bowl 's famous curved shape .
The sonotubes remained in place until 1980 .
In 1980 , the sonotubes were removed and Gehry designed hollow fiberglass spheres which were hung within the Bowl shell in a carefully - calculated arrangement .
While helpful , the spheres did not solve acoustical issues that continued to be problematic for the venue .
Currently a new project is being undertaken that maintains the aesthetics of the original design and corrects the acoustical flaws .
Address ; Hollywood Bowl , 2301 N Highland Ave , Hollywood , CA 90068 .
Air Canada Centre
Air Canada Centre is built on the site of the Canada Post Delivery Building and still retains the east and south walls , setting the context for this 665,000 square foot facility .
A conservation program was implemented during construction of the original building facade .
Stonework , bas - relief plans , and historic window profiles were restored .
The roof is 40 feet above the existing facades , and has a profile designed to be flat , giving the appearance of a hangar .
This allows for better acoustics inside and a prominent city presence outside without blocking the view of other landmark buildings .
Air Canada Centre is one of only two sports arenas in Canada to house a Rickards Brewhouse .
Rickard 's Red , Gold and Pale are brewed on site and served right here in Air Canada Centre .
Over its ten - year history , Air Canada Centre has been recognized with more than 25 industry awards and as of February 2009 , it has hosted over 26.8 million fans at close to 2000 events including Leafs , Raptors and Rock games , as well as concerts and live events .
The center 's capacity for concerts is 19,800 seats , and being primarily designed for sporting events , does n't have the acoustic characteristics of a venue created specifically for music events .
Air Canada Centre host the majority of the " large " rock shows , primarily because of it's capacity , whereas a more acoustically favorable location like Massey Hall in Toronto has a limited seating of 2,630 .
Address ; Air Canada Centre , 40 Bay Street , Suite 400 , Toronto , Ontario M5J 2X2 .
Massey Hall is located at 178 Victoria Street , Toronto , Ontario , Canada , M5J 2H5 .
Tokyo Dome
The Tokyo Dome is a 55,000 - seat stadium located in Bunkyo Ward of Tokyo , Japan , and is part of a greater entertainment complex known as Tokyo Dome City .
The Dome is the largest concert facility in Japan , hosting an impressive number of famous concerts , if you tour Japan , you play here .
The Tokyo Dome is an air - supported dome .
Air is constantly blown into the dome by a pressure fan , keeping the air pressure inside the dome some 0.3 % higher than that outside , thus holding up its covering membrane .
This pressure difference is equivalent to that between the 1st and 9th floor of a building and is hardly detectable by the human body .
In order to minimize the loss of air from inside the dome , revolving doors are used for all exits and entrances .
Address ; 1-3-61 koraku , Bunkyo - ku , Tokyo 112-8562 .
Woodstock
While Woodstock was a " one time " concert venue , it was an event of such historical significance , that has never been , or will likely be , repeated .
I feel the list would not be complete without adding the " Aquarian Exposition " from " The Summer of ' 69 " , in Bethel , New York - August 15 , 16 , & 17 - 1969 .
Woodstock .
Definitely the greatest concert event of all time .
The Aquarian Exposition as it was originally billed , was held at a 600 acre dairy farm owned by Max Yasgur in the rural town of Bethel , New York from August 15 to August 18 , 1969 .
Bethel , New York , ( actually 40 plus miles southwest of Woodstock ) .
Thirty - two of the best - known musical acts of the time appeared in front of nearly half a million concert goers .
The performers at Woodstock were of very diverse styles ; Richie Havens - Tim Hardin - Melanie - Arlo Guthrie - Joan Baez - John Sebastian - Country Joe Mcdonald - Santana - Canned Heat - Janis Joplin with The Kozmic Blues Band - Grateful Dead - Creedence Clearwater Revival - The Who - Jefferson Airplane - The Grease Band - Joe Cocker - Ten Years After - The Band - Blood , Sweat & Tears - Johnny Winter - Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young - Paul Butterfield Blues Band - Jimi Hendrix - Sha - Na-Na - Ten Years After , and other lesser know acts .
Woodstock was designed as a profit - making venture , " Woodstock Ventures " .
It became a " free concert " only after it became obvious that the event was drawing hundreds of thousands more people than the organizers had prepared for .
Around 186,000 tickets were sold beforehand and the organizers anticipated that approximately 200,000 festival - goers would turn out .
The fence was purposely cut in order to create a totally free event , prompting many more to show up .
Tickets for the event cost $ 18 in advance and $ 24 at the gate for all three days .
The shear number of concert goers to the rural concert site in Bethel created a massive traffic jam and closed the New York State Thruway .
The facilities were ill equipped to provide sanitation or first aid for the number of people , and hundreds of thousands in attendance struggled against bad weather , food shortages , and poor sanitation , but with the unerring sense of camaraderie that was prevalent in the era these hardships were overcome .
Unfortunately , somewhere in the ' 70s , this sense of belonging to a greater whole became diluted , and soon disappeared altogether .
The Lists :
Unusual Musical Instruments | Worst Recording Artists | Best Concerts | Novelty Songs | Modern Day Minstrel
One Hit Wonders | Best Selling Albums | Best Electric Guitars | Top Lyricists | Music Magz | Top Venues
Aces and Eighths .
A music resource site .
Link To Us
Site Map Comments or Questions Submissions
Privacy Policy
Share
Custom Search
AcesandEighths.com - All Respective Copyrights © Apply
Click above for a high - res image gallery
The day before the public unveiling of the Porsche Panamera at the Shanghai Motor Show , journalists were invited to the 94th floor of the Shanghai World Financial Center in China to catch a glimpse of Stuttgart 's first four - door sedan .
Providing further proof that both the Germans and Chinese are a persistent bunch , a team of workers proceeded to strap the Panamera onto a special pallet , tipped it on its tail and wedged the dark silver metallic sedan into the freight elevator to make the 1,394 - foot trek up the world 's third - largest building .
The pictures tell the tale better than we can , so check them out in the gallery below , along with more live shots of the Panamera straight from Shanghai .
Neil Percival Young ( born November 12 , 1945 ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter , guitarist , and social activist who is widely regarded as one of the most influential musicians of his generation , particularly as Neil Young & Crazy Horse .
Young was born in Toronto , but he moved to the family home of Winnipeg as a child , which is where his music career began .
Young began performing as a solo artist in Canada in 1960 , before moving to California in 1966 , where he co-founded the band Buffalo Springfield along with Stephen Stills and Richie Furay .
Having success on his own for a bit , he … read more
They came from across the country , invited by the Benton Foundation to extol the virtues of independent broadband at the National Press Club HQ in Washington , D.C.
And a collegial bunch they were : crack developers from ISPs in Oregon , Vermont , and Minnesota , happy to talk up their achievements in building fiber and DSL networks for rural areas and small towns .
They all knew each other and seemed to be old pals , so Ars settled in for a pleasant afternoon of mutual self - congratulation .
Then somebody from the audience spoke up .
" This is a question for the rural end of the table , " he asked .
" One of the studies that we see most frequently is one from Pew which contends that there is n't very much demand [ for broadband ] in rural areas , [ which ] is why it has n't been built out . "
What did the panelists think of that ?
A sore point had been raised , and suddenly the collegial smiles were gone .
" It clearly is a myth , " declared Gary Evans of Hiawatha Broadband Communications , a rural ISP based in Minnesota .
" We are not a low priced provider in any community that we serve , but we are a broadband provider . "
In one rural region , Evans noted , 60 percent of the population signed up with the company " before we put a shovel in the ground . "
" Now , I would suggest to you that if there 's no demand out there , that simply would not be the case , " he insisted .
" Where do these Pew guys get their money ? " grumbled another panelist .
Not interested ?
It 's unclear which Pew Internet and American Life study everybody was talking about .
One of the most frequently mentioned says that about two thirds of folks who do n't have broadband do n't want it .
They 're " not interested , " they told Pew , or they can't get access , or it's " difficult , " or they feel that they 're " too old to learn . "
Another survey reported that , at the end of 2005 , broadband penetration in rural America lagged behind the rest of the country by about 15 percent .
A lack of access explains this phenomenon , Pew explained , noting that rural residents with high speed Internet tend to use it as much as city dwellers .
But , reading the document , one could also surmise that a demand issue is also at play .
" Rural Americans are , on average , older , less educated , and with lower incomes than people living in other parts of the United States , " the Pew survey observed , " all factors associated with lower levels of online use . "
A recent comment sent to the Federal Communications Commission by the broadband mapping outfit Connected Nation very explicitly makes this point .
" Stated simply , the business case for broadband deployment is difficult in many rural areas where computer ownership and computer use skills are low , " the group 's filing said .
There 's no offense intended by any of these observations .
But lots of rural ISP boosters are getting pretty touchy about the " broadband to nowhere " line — that people in the countryside are too spread out , illiterate , old , or just too plain out of it to demand high - speed access .
Baloney , these panelists declared .
" Rural America is both hungry for broadband and anxious to use it , " Evans insisted .
" It 's nonsense , " added Tim Nulty of ECFiber , a Vermont ISP .
" I do n't know where they get it . "
" When we started our project , " Nulty continued , " the towns in question each had to have a referendum to join the project .
Twenty - two towns [ in total ] .
The worst vote we got was 78 % percent in favor .
Eight towns were unanimous . "
Nulty is a fiber - to - the - home developer who hopes to have his network of rural subscribers completely fibered up by 2010 , and will offer speeds of up to 100 Mbps .
We 're talking access to 900 square miles with about 55,000 people here .
" The standard traditional wisdom is ' Oh no you can't do that ; impossible , ' " Nulty noted .
" ' Ca n't make fiber work in rural areas .
You 've got to use some half - baked technology like WiFi or something like that . "
Au contraire , he told the audience .
" It 's actually significantly easier and cheaper to do fiber today than it was to do copper when our forefathers did it in the thirties . "
It was definitely bragging time at the event .
Hiawatha's Evans came with stats about what his Winona , Minnesota based fiber - to - the - home ISP has accomplished : 35 percent penetration by the end of its first year ( 1999 ) , a host of other small towns following suit , new businesses , wired hospitals , and dramatic residential growth , " in some instances , reversing six decades of population decline . "
HBC hopes to tap into that 7.2 billion in broadband stimulus money to extend its reach another 900 miles , Evans says .
Neighboring Jaguar Communications brought high speeds out to a south Minnesota area of about 12,000 square rural miles , and has 10,000 customers who live in Blooming Prairie , Owatonna , Waseca , and six more townships with similar names .
Its board chair , Donny Smith , described the ISP as " a group of local people who decided to do it .
Nobody else would do it , so we decided to do it ourselves . "
You can't download anything
These guys think that rural America 's broadband penetration lag needs a lot less explaining and a lot more fixing .
Rural areas may have some non-adopters , but they 've also got plenty of people who want to get on the high - speed boat ASAP .
Nulty told the story of a rural Vermont repairman whose garage was packed with chainsaws , snowmobiles , and other motorized equipment .
" I can't fix any of them if I can't get an exploded diagram , a shop manual , a parts list , and order parts . "
" Right now I 've got 14 k on my dialup , when it works ! " the machinist lamented .
" You ca n't download anything at 14 k .
It runs for two hours and gets halfway through one page and stops ! "
A half hour later , the discussion was still on a roll , with stories about rural diabetics being treated from home via video conferencing , and shots being lobbed at a Microsoft FCC filing that suggested that the government should prioritize its broadband stimulus money for wiring schools , libraries , and hospitals .
Sure , those institutions are important , Donny Smith agreed , " but the problem with focusing on just those is that they become single - purpose networks that do not serve the whole area .
If [ broadband ] is owned by the municipal library , it 's not going to have services going out to Joe Johnson 's house down the street . "
It 's hard to argue with studies suggesting that a variety of factors are holding rural broadband back : lack of service , education , skills , and even awareness of the possibilities .
But these entrepreneurs call them overblown .
Their neighbors know what will happen , they say , if high speed Internet does n't come to their neck of the woods , and soon .
Without broadband , Nulty warned , " People move out .
You can't sell houses .
People wo n't come .
Kids can't do homework .
This is n't about games or seeing HBO .
This is about community survival . "
Listing image by Eric Bangeman
A speaker system can cost as little as $ 35 .
Or as much as $ 350,000 .
As a normal person , you probably have just one question about speakers that cost as much a Ferrari : What .
The .
Hell .
Advertisement
How Speakers Work
Advertisement
Especially when you consider just how simple the overall mechanism behind a standard speaker is :
It moves air .
Essentially , what happens in a speaker — loudspeaker , to be technical — is that the alternating current from an amplifier runs to the speaker and through the voice coil ( which is just , wait for it , a coil of wire ) turning the coil into an electromagnet .
That , in turns , creates a magnetic field between it and the permanent magnet in the driver .
As the current alternates between positive and negative , the magnets are attracted and repulsed , moving the cone back and forth .
Voila , it emits the soothing sounds of Bach or Korn .
( Driver diagram from Wikipedia 's unusually exceptional loudspeaker article . )
But that 's probably not quite what you think of when you hear " speaker . "
You 're probably thinking of a box with a circle thing and maybe a hole in it .
That 's actually a loudspeaker system , and it actually has more than one kind of speaker inside of it , called drivers .
That 's because the driver tuned to deliver high frequencies — a tweeter — ain't so good at delivering bass , which is why you need a woofer or subwoofer ( low and lower ) .
And then you 've got mid-range speakers — for mid-range sounds — in higher - end systems .
Your average GENERIC SPEAKER COMPANY set skips this middleman .
So generally two or more drivers are stuffed in a box or cabinet , called an enclosure .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
Lovely , but that does n't explain what separates these $ 107,000 YG Acoustics Anat Reference II speakers from the $ 50 Logitech Z-2300s on my desk — which are even THX certified .
So , we enlisted some help : Cnet 's Audiophiliac Steve Guttenberg , who lives and breathes speakers ranging from the sensible to the ludicrous , and Paul DiComo and Matt Lyons , speaker guys who came from Polk and are now at Definitive Technology .
Advertisement
If you read our profile of Audiophile Maximo Michael Fremer " Why We Need Audiophiles , " it probably wo n't surprise that when initially asked simply , " What the difference between ten dollar speakers and ten thousand dollar speakers ? " the Definitive guys ' initial answer was , " Well , it ought to be that they sound better . "
Even Steve told us , " You can't apply a Consumer Reports kind of index to something that 's as subjective as audio quality . "
No , but seriously .
The Goal of a Loudspeaker
A speaker 's ultimate goal is " to sound like reality " — the elusive dragon that every audiophile chases — so on a broad , not - very - useful level , how close it comes to matching that reality is the difference between good and bad , expensive and cheap speakers .
To be slightly more technical , the " spec " is clarity :
The lower the distortion of the original sound it recreates , the better the speaker .
In fact , basically every other spec , every confusing number you read on the side of a box is actually totally meaningless , according to both Steve and the Definitive guys .
Steve singles out watts as " one of the more useless specifications ever created . "
If you have to look for a number when buying speakers , Steve said one that 's " kind of useful " is sensitivity / efficiency , which would be something like 90 dB @ 1 watt , which relates how loud a speaker will play at a given power level .
Advertisement
Three Characteristics
But when pressed , there are a few qualities Paul and Matt from Definitive singled out in amazing speakers — what they call the big three :
• More dynamic range , or simply the ability to play louder without sounding like trash as you crank the volume .
With good speakers , you want to keep cranking it up , like accelerating a fast car .
• Better bass .
That does n't mean louder , " but better . "
It 's more melodic , and not muddy — you can actually hear individual notes , an upright acoustic bass being plucked .
• " A very natural timbre . "
Timbre is the " tone color " or how natural the sound is — if you played the voice of someone you know on a speaker with excellent timbre , it would sound exactly like them .
Or if two different instruments play the same note , you'd be able to tell them apart very easily and cleanly .
Beyond that , what audiophiles are looking for — which Mahoney alludes to in the audiophile profile — is a speaker 's ability to create an image , the picture .
That is , its ability to create a sense of three - dimensional sound .
The defining problem of designing speakers , say the guys from Definitive , is that " physics is dogmatic . "
So every speaker is built around a set of compromises .
Advertisement
Size
To put that in some concrete — rather than seemingly religious — terms , you can't have a small speaker that sounds good .
So one defining quality of six - figure speakers is that they are large .
They have bigger woofers and tweeters .
More surface area means better sound .
There are also simply more drivers — every driver you add is like when you add another string to a guitar , to create a better - nuanced sound .
So , for instance , a $ 300 speaker from a " quality manufacturer " you 'll get a 5 1/4 - inch woofer and a 1 - inch tweeter .
A $ 3000 pair of speakers might have two 5 1/4 mid-range drivers and then a 10 - inch woofer .
Build Quality
Build quality is the other thing .
A " dead box , " or an enclosure that does n't create any sounds of its own — since that 's distortion — is key and something that costs a lot of money .
You just want sound from the drivers themselves .
The quality of the woofer and tweeter themselves , obviously , comes into play — their ability to handle more power , since that 's what translates into volume .
Advertisement
At the extreme end , Steve says , they can just handle more power without breaking — as the copper wire inside heats up , it can deform or melt , and the driver gets messed up .
Pricey speakers do n't do that .
In terms of exotic materials or construction , Steve mentioned ribbon tweeters , which are only in the highest - end speaker systems — they 're " literally a piece of aluminum foil that 's suspended between magnets that vibrates back and forth " producing excellent clarity .
Better speakers also have intricate dividing networks to make sure the right signals go to the right place — they get more complicated as the price goes up .
Dollar Figures
So how much do you have to spend to get a good system in the eyes ( ears ? ) of an audiophile ?
Definitive recommends $ 1000 for a home - theater component setup .
( In other words , do n't buy a home theater in a box . )
You can also get a pretty decent pair of " neutral , natural sounding " speakers for $ 300 — they " wo n't knock your ass " and wo n't be great as some things , but they 'll be alright .
There 's no magic one - size - fits - all speaker system , however .
It depends on the room and the situation .
( If your couch is against a wall , skip the 7.1 surround , says Steve . )
Heavier speakers tend to sound better than lighter ones , though that 's not an absolute .
Advertisement
But what 's the upper limit ?
Well , there is n't any .
Paul from Definitive said he heard these $ 65,000 Krell Modulari Duo last month and " was mezmerized . "
It 's like wine to oenophiles , Paul said .
As Steve puts it most simply : " To people who are into it , it 's worth it . "
Still something you still wanna know ?
Send any questions about speakers , KoRn or John Mahoney 's secret Britney shame to tips@gizmodo.com , with " Giz Explains " in the subject line .
Big thanks to Steve from Cnet and Paul and Matt from Definitive Technology !
Advertisement
Listening Test :
It 's music tech week at Gizmodo .
If the positive reaction to developer Volition 's April Fools '
Day gag is any indication , gamers really like the idea of using an ostrich as a melee weapon – so much so that the developer has decided to include the " Ostrich Hammer " as an unlockable weapon in the upcoming Red Faction : Guerrilla .
On April 1 , Volition released a hilarious ( but very not safe for work ) video detailing the weapon 's faux creation as inspired by a real thread on the NeoGAF forums that included the giant bird photoshopped into one of the game 's early screenshots .
" We had no idea the reaction to the video would be so positive and that gamers would really like to kill someone with a very large bird , " read the game 's official website , before adding " The Ostrich hammer will be available as a Multiplayer unlockable when the game ships in June . "
Image courtesy Volition
We ’re Giving Them The Bird ! [ Volition ]
See Also :
Only in Japan ( or perhaps Alabama ) .
In a bid to bolster their daunting ratings , Japans Fighting & Entertainment Group ( FEG ) are pulling out all the stops .
According to their official website , they have constructed a open weight tournament which is being billed as a " Super Hulk Tournament " for their DREAM 9 event which takes place from the Yokohama Arena in Yokohama , Japan , on May 26 .
It will feature eight fighters of varying size and ability .
First up will be fan favorite Ikuhisa Minowa , who has fought every name under the sun ( albeit to inconsistent results ) .
He will be put to the task of facing off against Bob " The Beast " Sapp who relies on his size when fighting and not so much technical prowess .
UFC washout Rameau Thierry Sokoudjou will look to get back to his wining ways but will be considerably outsized in his attempt to do so when he clashes with 6 ’ 11 " , 330 lb. Jan " The Giant " Nortje .
Gegard Mousasi , who vacated his DREAM Middleweight title recently because he desired a move to Light Heavyweight , will face off against dangerous kickboxer Mark Hunt .
And 7 ’ 2 " gargantuan Hong Man Choi is reportedly set to do battle with baseball star Jose Canseco .
Unreal .
I still remain a little skeptical about Canseco ’s participation .
It would n’t be unlike Japan to have someone dressed up as and " play " his part .
This is after all , the same promotion that gave birth to the mixed martial arts debut of a Japanese anime character in Kinniku Mantaro .
It looks like we ’ll have to wait and see though what will actually come to fruition within this " Super Hulk " Tournament .
DREAM 9 will also feature the promotion ’s featherweight grand prix quarterfinals .
The focal point of which will boast the long awaited return of 139 - pound superstar Norifumi " Kid " Yamamoto , who was offered a first - round bye in the tournament in hopes that he will have recovered from a previous injury in time to compete .
He ’s coming off a long 16 - month layoff but now he ’s finally ready to compete and will take on wrestling standout Joe Warren .
In non-tournament action will be highly regarded lightweight standout Gesias " JZ " Calvancante who is set to do battle with Japanese mainstay Tatsuya Kawajiri .
And grappling phenom Ronaldo " Jacare " Souza is slated to once again do battle with the charismatic Jason " Mayhem " Miller , in a bout that will be contested for the vacant DREAM Middleweight title .
And although the card looks to be complete , DREAM event producer Keiichi Sasahara teased that there is more to come .
Oh my .
Here is the current line - up for ‘ DREAM 9 ’ :
Featherweight grand prix quarterfinals :
Norifumi Yamamoto ( 17 - 1 ) vs. Joe Warren ( 1-0 )
Masakazu Imanari ( 16 - 6 - 1 ) vs. Bibiano Fernandes ( 4 - 2 )
Yoshiro Maeda ( 24 - 6 - 2 ) vs. Hiroyuki Takaya ( 10 - 6 - 1 )
Abel Cullum ( 14 - 2 ) vs. Hideo Tokoro ( 21 - 16 -1 )
" Super Hulk " Openweight quarterfinals :
Ikuhisa Minowa ( 41-30 ) vs. Bob Sapp ( 10 - 3 - 1 )
Jan Nortje ( 2 - 5 ) vs. Rameau Thierry Sokoudjou ( 5 - 4 )
Gegard Mousasi ( 24 - 2 - 1 ) vs. Mark Hunt ( 5 -5 )
Hong Man Choi ( 1 - 2 ) vs. Jose Canseco ( 0 -0 )
DREAM middleweight title :
Ronaldo Souza ( 10 - 2 ) vs. Jason Miller ( 22 - 6 )
Non-tournament bouts :
Gesias Calvancante ( 14 - 2 - 1 ) vs. Tatsuya Kawajiri ( 23 - 5 - 2 )
For more on DREAM click here .
*** UPDATE : For all the North American fans looking to catch some of the action , HDNet announced earlier today that DREAM 9 will air live from Japan on May 26 .
PORT LOUIS ( Reuters ) - Scientists have found more than 200 new species of frogs in Madagascar but a political crisis is hurting conservation of the Indian Ocean island ’s unique wildlife , a study shows .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The discovery , which almost doubles the number of known amphibians in Madagascar , illustrates an underestimation of the natural riches that have helped spawn a $ 390 - million - a - year tourism industry .
However , months of instability culminating in a change of government after street protests , have compromised gains in conservation .
“ The political instability is allowing the cutting of the forest within national parks , generating a lot of uncertainty about the future of the planned network of protected areas , ” David Vieites , researcher at the Spanish National Natural Sciences Museum , said in a statement .
The world ’s fourth - largest island , known for exotic creatures such as the ring - tailed lemur and poisonous frogs , is a biodiversity hotspot .
More than 80 percent of the mammals in Madagascar are found nowhere else , while all but one of the 217 previously known species of amphibian are believed by scientists to be native .
“ People think that we know which plant and animal species live on this planet , ” team member Miguel Vences , professor at the Technical University of Braunschweig , said in the statement .
“ But the centuries of discoveries has only just begun -- the majority of life forms on Earth is still awaiting scientific recognition . ”
Human demands on the land and decades of rampant logging have destroyed 80 percent of Madagascar ’s rain forest , threatening hundreds of species , he said .
The study , carried out by the Spanish Scientific Research Council ( CSIC ) , and published in the May issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , suggests the find of between 129 and 221 new species of frogs could double the number of amphibians globally if the results are extrapolated worldwide .
Almost a quarter of the new species discovered have not yet been found in unprotected areas , the study stated .
Madagascar broke away from Africa almost 160 million years ago , leaving its flora and fauna to develop in isolation .
I travelled to Gaza last week with Medea Benjamin and Tighe Berry of Codepink : Women for Peace .
We were allowed by the Egyptian government to enter Gaza for only 48 hours .
I knew that 1026 of the 1330 who were killed in the Israeli attacks on Gaza were civilians .
Of the 1026 civilians , 282 were children , 111 women , 168 civilian policemen and 501 civilian men died in Israeli bombings .
274 have been classified as combatant deaths .
I knew that the estimates for the cost of reconstruction to the destruction done by Israeli bombing is over $ 2 billion .
After seeing the destruction in Gaza City , I thought I would be prepared for North Gaza .
I had heard the damage done by F - 16s and tanks was substantial , but I was stunned by the large number of apartment buildings and industries that had been blown up and destroyed by the Israeli military in the northern Gaza border region with Israel .
The Israeli military destroyed virtually everything in a corridor along the border in Jabalia and forced the evacuation of Gazans back into the center part of Gaza , a tiny area 45 kilometers long and 8 kilometers wide .
Homes and factories were leveled and tens of thousands of citizens were left homeless .
We saw five tent camps that had been set up by relief organizations .
Living conditions are spartan .
Nahed , a project manager for Palestine Medical Relief Society , guided us through the wreckage of North Gaza .
We visited one of the four primary health care facilities PMRS operates , with an overworked staff trying to cope with the medical and emotional challenges of those who have returned to their bombed out homes with family members dead or injured .
37 Members of One Family Killed as Israeli Military Orders 150 into a Building then Bombs it
In the Al Zaiton area in northern Gaza , we met with the remaining members of the al Samouni family .
The large extended family lived in many houses and some family members operated a poultry farm in the area .
After the Israeli army invaded , Army personnel ordered 150 members of the family into one large home and then bombed the home as well as all the numerous homes and buildings of the family .
37 members of the family were killed and many were injured .
The Israeli government said the military had made a mistake .
The al Samouni family set up several large tents for the numerous visitors who come by the area to pay respects .
One tent had eight women inside .
All had family members killed and wounded in the attacks .
We spoke with Ibtessana al Samouni who had two children killed and her husband and daughter seriously injured and are being treated in Saudi Arabia .
One of her sons was also injured and is in a military hospital in Cairo .
She and her remaining 5 children are living with other relatives in Gaza City .
Ibtessana had a glazed stare and kept repeating that no one in her family had done anything to the Israelis .
We saw in her eyes the disbelief that some of her children were dead and that she would not see her husband and other children for months .
The emotional health of the al Samouni extended family considering the large number of deaths and injuries in the family seemed precarious .
The family area , a section of land about ½ mile by ½ mile was completely bombed .
It looked like a huge tornado or hurricane had wiped out the area .
The poultry farm was totally destroyed and bulldozers were pushing the rotting chicken carcasses into a pit while we were there .
Life Without Your Home
Dressed in her black abaya , Izbet Abed Rabu told us she and her family of five children and her husband now live in a tent provided by the United Nations after her home was destroyed in Jabalia , northern Gaza .
She showed us her two story concrete block home that was flattened into rubble .
Her eyes teared over as she said she was lucky .
No one in her family had been killed in the Israeli naval shelling and rocket attacks , but her neighbors had been hit hard .
Two neighboring families each had three family members killed .
Izbet pointed to the white tent provided by the United Nations and said that after two weeks they still have only blankets , but no cots or any " furniture " inside the tents .
With the night desert temperatures falling into the low 40 degrees , she said her four children are cold .
The children are not yet in school .
Industries Systematically Destroyed
There are few industries left in northern Gaza and the Israeli military destroyed 10 - 15 of those remaining industries including two cement companies , a dairy , gas station , an aluminum recycling company and a health products company .
The production capacity of Gaza has been severely impacted by the Israeli warplanes .
Agricultural Lands Purposefully Destroyed
We walked in the agricultural lands mangled by Israeli tanks that had been positioned in the fields near the medical clinic .
The fruit trees in one field had been completed knocked down and bulldozed over .
Olive orchards throughout Gaza were systematically destroyed by Israeli tanks .
Schools Destroyed
Close by was Khalil al Noubany High School that had been used by Israeli soldiers .
To secure the building they blew holes in it setting part of it on fire .
The remaining part was occupied and used to fire on any one remaining in the area .
The Israeli soldiers trashed the school .
They left h military trash everywhere .
School books and supplies had been thrown on the floor and walked on in virtually all the classrooms .
It was quite obvious that they soldier had intentionally damaged the insides of the classrooms and purposefully destroyed books and educational materials .
The headmaster of the school , who arrived as we were looking at the school , said that the school had served 550 girl students in the morning and 530 male students in the afternoon .
She told us that the school is so severely damaged that it cannot reopen this year and students are having to travel to the few remaining schools that are open in Gaza .
Later in the day while he was serving double duty as a Gaza government official at the Rafah , Gaza border crossing , Mr. Ahmed Ayes Alnajjar of the Ministry of Education told us that 7 schools in Gaza were totally destroyed and 135 schools were substantially damaged .
The Prison Called Gaza
We left northern Gaza and headed for the Rafah border crossing with Egypt .
We had to be across the border into Egypt by 5 pm as the Egyptian government was closing the border .
If we did not exit Gaza by 5 pm we too would be imprisoned in Gaza until the border crossing reopened - which might be months .
So after only 48 hours in Gaza , we were forced to depart .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
On the way to the Gaza border , we stopped to see a few of the 1500 tunnels that Palestinians have dug since the borders of Gaza were closed and the siege began .
Palestinians have been locked into the prison called Gaza for the past sixteen months .
Bombing Tunnels With a Blind Eye
The tunnel area is in plain sight next to the Egyptian border .
It is a surreal scene .
Buildings behind the tunnel area have been bombed and are destroyed .
Trucks and cars are parked under the remaining roofs of a large bombed out fresh air market -- ready to move goods from the tunnel area .
Mounds of fresh sand are everywhere indicating that tunnels are still being dug .
Generators hum providing air into the tunnels and powering the cables that pull loads of every imaginable type of goods from vegetables , canned goods , bags of rice and sugar , merchandise for hardware stores , etc. through the tunnels to the surface on the Gaza side .
Every tunnel is surrounded by barriers made of light fencing covered with large plastic bags .
Young men are busy hauling up goods that have been brought through the tunnel from Egypt .
The tunnel " managers " we spoke with were surprisingly open in allowing us to come into the areas and talk with them .
They said that about 900 tunnels have been destroyed or partially damaged by Israeli bombs .
Most are being rebuilt , despite the almost daily bombing by Israeli war planes .
The tunnels we saw had openings about 4 feet across .
The entry holes were from 50 to 65 feet deep and the tunnels were 500 to 1,000 feet long .
One tunnel opening was built with concrete blocks and another opening was built with wood .
The tunnel manager said that to rebuild a tunnel that has been blown up takes about half the time to reopen and digging a new tunnel .
The tunnel areas are little cities with electricity , water , food and coffee at each tunnel entrance .
Tunnel digging is about the only employment for young men in Gaza .
They earn 100 shekels ( $ 25 ) per day for digging in the tunnels .
One manager said many tunnel diggers had died when the reinforced sand tunnels collapsed during construction .
But young men continue to risk the dangers as tunnel construction is one of the few jobs available to them .
While we did not see the other end of the tunnel operation on the Rafah , Egypt side of the border , it is inconceivable that Egyptian authorities do not know where the tunnel openings are .
All they have to do is to follow the parade of trucks loaded with merchandise that come into Rafah , Egypt .
After coming through the border we stopped in Rafah , Egypt to see what the smuggling town was like .
The police presence was tremendous .
We had barely gotten our bags out of the taxi when a policeman was at our side asking why we were in Rafah .
We replied that we were hungry and wanted to get something to eat .
We stopped at a small falafel stand and for the next hour were watched by police .
As one of us would go to explore the main street , police would follow in the distance .
They definitely did not want us straying off the main road and back into the houses and businesses where the tunnel entrances are .
It is remarkable that all the tunnels have n't been bombed .
With the sophisticated satellite views , cameras from drones , tethered radar and surveillance balloon and the $ 32 million tunnel detection equipment provided by the U.S. government , the Israeli , Egyptian and United States ' governments know exactly where the tunnels are .
But , closing the border provides Egyptian and Israeli businessmen a tremendous opportunity to sell goods to people in Gaza at very high prices .
No doubt , Egyptian and Israeli government officials are paid to turn a blind eye to the tunneling and " smuggling . "
Determining who profits economically from the occupations and sieges is fascinating .
A new Israeli website www.whoprofits.org tracks who profits financially from the occupation and no doubt profits from the blockade and will profit from the rebuilding of destroyed Gaza .
Israeli bombing of tunnels is , of course , only on the Gaza side .
No one is bombing the entrances to the tunnels on the Egyptian side of the border .
The tunnel economy means that for the ordinary citizens of Gaza , where there is a 70 % unemployment rate and where over 900,000 of the 1.5 million in Gaza are on United Nations rations , closing the border and forcing commerce through the tunnels they pay exorbitant fees for every item brought through the tunnels .
SILENCE from the International Community
The sights we saw in Gaza were tragic - a goliath Israel pounding a small Gaza David with international silence and complicity in the 22 day military attack on Gaza and on the 16 month siege of Gaza .
1330 Palestinians have died , 5400 have been wounded and hundreds of thousands with memories of the bombings and invasion and occupation .
Over $ 2 billion will be spent on rebuilding destroyed homes , businesses and factories .
And there is SILENCE !!
Smashing of Gaza is a War Crime
I deplore the use of rockets against Israeli towns by Hamas and other groups in Gaza which have killed approximately 20 Israelis .
But , as a military officer who taught the Geneva Conventions and the Law of Land Warfare in US military schools , I fully believe the disproportionate response by the Israeli government and military in the smashing of Gaza is a violation of international law and a war crime .
Indications are that when the Bureau of Labor Statistics releases its unemployment figures Friday the news may be slightly less grim than it has been for the past several months .
The most optimistic prediction in a Reuters survey of 70 economists is that perhaps only 530,000 layoffs occurred in April , which would lift the official unemployment rate to 8.7 % .
Compared with the 663,000 jobs lost in March , and similarly high numbers for the past several months , this would be good news .
Unless , of course , you are one of those hundreds of thousands of new layoffs .
But the more likely figure for last month will come in somewhere just above 600,000 .
This would take us from an 8.5 % to an 8.9 % official unemployment rate , the worst in 26 years .
Whatever the official rate turns out to be , however , an alternative BLS gauge of unemployment will surely clock in at 16 % or more .
That gauge includes Americans who have become so discouraged at finding a job they ’ve given up and those who work part time only because they can’t find a full - time job .
While many economists and other observers seem to be sniffing the bottom of the trough of what has just became the longest running downturn since the Great Depression , probable long - term effects of this crash wo n’t smell sweet .
As Matthew Benjamin and Rich Miller of Bloomsberg wrote Monday :
Post - recession America may be saddled with high unemployment even after good times finally return .
Hundreds of thousands of jobs have vanished forever in industries such as auto manufacturing and financial services .
Millions of people who were fired or laid off will find it harder to get hired again and for years may have to accept lower earnings than they enjoyed before the slump .
This restructuring -- in what former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker calls " the Great Recession " -- is causing some economists to reconsider what might be the " natural " rate of unemployment : a level that neither accelerates nor decelerates inflation .
This state of equilibrium is often described as " full " employment .
Fallout from the recession implies a " markedly higher " natural rate of unemployment , says Edmund Phelps , a professor at Columbia University in New York and winner of the 2006 Nobel Prize in economics .
" It was 5.5 percent ; maybe it will be 6.5 percent , maybe 7 percent . " ...
People who lost stable work in the early 1980s sustained large and long - lasting earnings reductions , according to research by economists Till von Wachter of Columbia University , Jae Song of the Social Security Administration and Joyce Manchester of the Congressional Budget Office .
A typical 40 - year - old man who became unemployed at the time went on to suffer a 20 percent loss in lifetime earnings , they found .
...
" People losing their jobs now in permanently downsizing industries have to be aware that they ’re particularly at risk of pretty large losses " to lifetime wages , says von Wachter , who briefed staff at the Fed and the European Central Bank last month on the effects of mass layoffs .
" People tend to think that when you come out of a recession you get the labor market you had when you entered it , " says Lawrence Mishel , president of the Economic Policy Institute in Washington .
" This time you may get something quite different . "
Unless you 're in the top 20 % , and even if you are , you probably are acquainted with some people in this predicament .
You may be one .
There was a time , starting with the New Deal , when full employment was considered a moral imperative .
Some legislation even included the words : the Humphrey - Hawkins Full Employment and Balanced Growth Act of 1978 , for instance .
But , World War II aside , when we were beyond full employment , we ’ve only approached something that could reasonably wear that label during the 1960s , with assistance from the wars in Southeast Asia , and in the late 1990s , during the dot.com bubble .
The " natural rate of unemployment " ( NAIRU ) was invented by economist Milton Friedman .
That concept - along with his consequent laissez faire prescriptions for deregulation , taxation , and monetarism over fiscal policy as the prime government mover of the economy - became conventional wisdom with the ascendancy of Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan .
Previously , a balance had been sought between stabilizing employment and prices .
But beginning with the Thatcherite / Reaganite shift , as Thomas Palley , director of the Economics for Democratic & Open Societies Project , wrote in 2007 , " rising wages are actually viewed as cause for concern on the grounds that they may be inflationary , but the same standard is never applied to rising profit rates . "
Lost in the upward transfer of wealth that these policies generated was the New Deal - Great Society approach that favored full employment .
Inflation is the key enemy , claimed the Friedmanites and their allies , and full employment – that is , anything above the natural rate of unemployment – is bad because it drives inflation .
So when folks start talking about a natural rate of 6 % or higher , you know what they ’ve got in mind .
The effects of the Thatcherite / Reaganite policies have been widely tallied .
Wages have been delinked from productivity growth , putting the gains from this growth into the hands of the well - heeled and worsening income inequality .
From 1959 to 1979 , wages were tied to productivity , but in the past 30 years , with brief exceptions , productivity has grown while hourly pay has stagnated .
Indeed , males in the bottom quintile have seen their real wages fall .
Measured by family income , the productivity growth " dividend " has wound up almost exclusively in the hands of the top 20 % .
Unfettered globalization has off - shored tens of millions jobs , reducing U.S. manufacturing , the original source of the American middle class and of post - 1945 prosperity , and contributed to union busting , which has reduced workers ’ already reduced ability to bargain for a fair share of the benefits of productivity growth .
As a consequence of this and other bad labor trends , the typical American worker outside that top 20 % is more likely to be , as Palley wrote , at more risk " of job loss , permanent wage reductions , reduced length of job tenure , reduced health care coverage or increasing health care costs , and greater retirement income security risk owing to the shift away from defined - benefit pension plans to defined - contribution plans . "
According to the " natural rate " theory , the Federal Reserve can do nothing about any of this , and it should n’t try .
No stimulative Keynesian methods should be tried either because they raise inflation .
Palley again :
Indeed , the situation is even worse because of the Fed ’s asymmetric approach to nominal wages .
When wages lag prices , the Fed sits on its hands , albeit with expressions of sympathy for workers .
However , when wages outrun prices , the Fed stands ready to raise interest rates on the grounds that rising unit labor costs are inflationary .
... the theory of the natural rate contributes to driving the so - called " labor market flexibility " agenda that attacks unions , the minimum wage , and employment and worker protections .
The logic is that these institutions prevent wages from adjusting downward , and thereby increasing the natural rate of unemployment .
Twisted , eh? Unless , of course , you ’re an oligarch or otherwise ensconced in the top 20 % .
Many progressives view full employment as mostly a matter of short - term fiscal stimulus .
But reworking interest rates , trade deficits , budgetary policy , globalization , taxation and currency exchange rates must also be a component of any policy of sustained full employment in the 21st Century , as Palley lays out in considerable detail .
That daunting list of needed changes points to a full - blown overhaul of U.S. economic policy .
In every society in every era , that is the hardest thing to do .
It touches on people 's deepest beliefs but most of all on their self - interests .
Faced with even modest reform , those with clout will erect well - funded obstacles to the reformers .
The situation is made all the more difficult right now because many of those Democrats who might otherwise be predisposed to making changes are held back by their acceptance of the accumulated myths associated with existing economic policy .
Short of making the most difficult economic changes , however , there is the matter that even blue - dog Democrats ought to be able to handle without flinching : establishing the government as employer of last resort .
FDR put together programs to do that .
They were n't enough , but they pointed in the right direction .
L. Randall Wray at The Levy Economics Institute writes that :
... no capitalist society has ever managed to operate at anything approaching true , full , employment on a consistent basis .
Further , the burden of joblessness is borne unequally , always concentrated among groups that already face other disadvantages : racial and ethnic minorities , immigrants , younger and older individuals , women , people with disabilities , and those with lower educational attainment .
Since markets do not operate to achieve full employment , and because markets tend to leave behind the least advantaged members of society , government should and must play a role in providing jobs to achieve social justice .
Proponents of a universal job guarantee program operated by the federal government argue that no other means exists to ensure that everyone who wants to work will be able to obtain a job .
There is no natural rate of unemployment .
But there is a natural – that is , fundamental – right to work .
The social and economic costs of unemployment – lost income , crime , broken families , physical and mental health problems , interrupted educations , shattered retirements , social unrest – ought to be plenty to make providing full employment a slam dunk for politicians supposedly in tune with their constituents .
It should n’t take an economic catastrophe to press this point home .
But since we ’re afflicted with one now , it would be encouraging to see more Democrats take Rahm Emanuel ’s words to heart :
Never let a serious crisis go to waste .
I make clicks ... for real .
If you play idle / clicker games this one is for you .
Just select a key in your keyboard and press it down for the mouse to left - click , and you can it pressed down for all the time you want .
Rated 2.5 out of 5 mmoroca
Shuttle astronauts began the first of five spacewalks slated for this fourth and final servicing mission on the Hubble Space Telescope at 8:52 a.m. Eastern time Thursday .
They installed a new wide - field camera and swapped out a data router that began malfunctioning in September of last year .
Two astronauts are shown above approaching Hubble on NASA TV .
But no matter what the astronauts are doing , any Shuttle crew ’s extravehicular activities are awe - inspiring and mesmerizing .
In this Wired Science mini -gallery , we trace the history of the spacewalk with photos from NASA .
Images : All courtesy of NASA .
First image screengrabbed by @bethbeck .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and book site for The History of Our Future ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Advertisements
Duke Coach Mike Krzyazewski did n’t care for President Obama ’s picks for the Final Four after he was told that his team was n’t chosen .
Coach K said that Obama should focus more on the economy than brackets .
Obama replied by saying that Duke was n’t picked because they have no inside game .
Here is what Coach K said to the AP about Obama ’s bracket , “ Somebody said that we ’re not in President Obama ’s Final Four , and as much as I respect what he ’s doing , really , the economy is something that he should focus on , probably more than the brackets . ”
Of course , I think the coach might have a different reaction if Obama would have chosen his team instead of hated rival North Carolina to win it all .
Obama was on the Ed Schultz radio show where he replied to Coach K , “ I think is a great coach , and you Reggie Love my assistant played for Coach K , and so it is not surprising , he is a competitive guy .
I just do n’t think they have got the inside game to go all the way , but I look forward to him proving me wrong . ”
The first two days of the NCAA men ’s basketball tourney are the second biggest sports holidays in America behind the Super Bowl .
Advertisements
Coach K has never liked the national fixation on brackets .
He wants to focus his team on basketball .
The funny thing is that Obama ’s logic for going against Duke is in line with the conventional wisdom .
Duke is a jump shooting team that looks great when the 3s are falling , but as it has been with them for the past handful of years , they lack a low post presence that can carry the team when the jumpers are n’t falling .
Even worse for them is that they are the same bracket as Pitt , who is a team that loves to grind it out .
Pitt beat Duke in a great game in 2007 , and this Pitt team is better than that one .
If you are a sports fan , it is great having a man in the White House who loves sports .
Better yet , Obama has an opinion on everything which makes all of this fun .
When the president goes on ESPN and fills out a bracket , this is evidence of our country ’s obsession with this tournament .
Coach K maybe felt a little dissed , but this is all in good fun .
I think Obama put a pretty good bracket together , but the guy has already had a great year , so would n’t it be nice to see that he is n’t good at everything ?
Goodbye , Jim …
As publisher of this site , my goal has always been to take J.G. Ballard as a philosopher , rather than simply a ‘ novelist ’ .
Sometimes this has truly angered fans and champions of his work , more often it has brought me into brilliant and inspiring contact with writers , artists , musicians , filmmakers and theorists who all see the world through that same Ballardian lens — and with Jim Ballard himself , who , along with his partner Claire Walsh , always remained supportive of the site .
Ballard articulates clearly to me the implications of living in an age of total consumerism , of blanket surveillance , of enslavement designed as mass entertainment .
But he also speaks to me of resistance through irony , immersion , ambivalence , imagination — of remixing , recycling , remaking , remodelling .
Ballard embraces dystopian scenarios , including the archetypal non-space often characterised as a deadening feature of late capitalism .
But this is not simply a call for nihilism .
Ballard ’s characters are not disengaged from their world .
Rather , they embody a sense of resistance that derives from full immersion , a therapeutic confrontation with the powers of darkness , whereby merging with dystopian alienation negates its power .
This is predicated on concurrency : Ballard ’s writing turns objectivity into subjectivity , opens up gaps where there is room for new subjects .
His scenarios are what I term ‘ affirmative dystopias ’ , neither straight utopia nor straight dystopia , but an occupant of the interstitial space between them , perpetual oscillation between the poles – the ‘ yes or no of the borderzone ’ , to use a phrase from his work .
Here , dystopia becomes the real utopia , and utopian ideals , typically represented as a stifling of the imagination , the true dystopia .
He reinhabits the frame to present a clearinghouse in which corporate and national governance is overthrown and regoverned as a ‘ state of mind ’ .
To read and to understand Ballard , then , is to be gloriously , finally liberated .
To James Graham Ballard : thank you .
Share your tributes and memories of JGB in the comments section below .
>>
Further news , links etc at my Twitter stream — where I post the bulk of my links and new info .
>>
I have asked Ballardian contributors & associates for their thoughts on JGB ’s passing :
+ Part 1 : Ben Noys , Chris Nakashima - Brown and Mark Dery .
+ Part 2 : Michael Moorcock .
+ Part 3 : Tim Chapman , Rick McGrath , Solveig Nordlund , Dan O’Hara , Dominika Oramus , Rick Poynor , David Pringle , Simon Sellars , Supervert and V. Vale .
+ Part 4 : Jeannette Baxter , Mike Bonsall , Mark Fisher , Owen Hatherley , Mike Holliday and Nina Power .
Elsewhere :
WRITERS / PUBLISHERS /JGB
’S FAMILY & FRIENDS
+ Claire Walsh
(1) @ The Evening Standard ( 2 ) @ The Guardian
+ Bea Ballard
+ Michael Moorcock
(1) @ Multiverse ( 2 ) @ Ballardian
+ Iain Sinclair
+ David Pringle
+ Jeff VanderMeer
+ Christopher Priest
+ V. Vale
+ Toby Litt
+ Malcolm Edwards
+ Neil Gaiman
+ John Clute
+ Will Self
+ John Gray
+ Chris Petit
+ Simon Reynolds
+ David Cronenberg
+ Martin Amis
+ Bruce Sterling
M.S.M./MAGAZINES
+ BBC News
+ The Times
+ The Guardian
+ The Independent
+ The Telegraph
+ New York Times
+ Wall Street Journal
+ Salon
+ A.V. Club
+ Time
+ Wall Street Journal
FEATURES
+ Jimmy , the sweet sage of Shepperton
+ How J.G. Ballard cast his shadow right across the arts
+ Nine J.G. Ballard stories that must be filmed
+ What pop music tells us about JG Ballard
+ In pictures : J.G. Ballard ’s architectural inspiration
+ What sort of doctor would JG Ballard have made ?
+ Ballard and the painters
+ ‘JG Ballard was our own private , Home Counties , prophet of doom ’
+ Was J.G. Ballard a prophet of doom – or the future ?
+ ‘ Between the Tower and the Parking Lot : A Spatial Appreciation of J.G. Ballard ’
+ Fans want car park named after celebrated writer
+ Divergent perspectives on J.G. Ballard
+ Crashing through to dystopia
AGGREGATES
+ Google blogsearch
+ Twitter
+ Tumblr
BLOGS
+ John Coulthart
+ Joanne McNeil
+ Infinite Thought
+ Boing Boing
+ MetaFilter
+ Video WatchBlog
+ i09
+ JGB : the JGB Ballard Mailing List
A poll carried out by a major Swedish newspaper predicts that the Pirate Party will grab around 5.1 % of the votes in the upcoming European Union elections .
This means that the movement , which has gathered huge momentum due to the Pirate Bay ' guilty ' verdict , will get a seat in the EU Parliament .
Support for the Swedish Pirate Party really began to surge with the introduction of the IPRED anti-piracy legislation .
Its membership already surpassed that of the Green Party , with more than half of men under 30 reportedly considering voting for them in the 2009 European Parliament elections .
Then a guilty verdict was handed down in the Pirate Bay trial – an absolute gift for the Pirate Party , whose ranks swelled at an unprecedented rate .
It now sits at just over 41,750 members ( latest stats here ) and at the current growth rate the party will be Sweden ’s third largest in membership before the weekend .
Now a new poll conducted by Swedish newspaper DN.se predicts that the Pirate Party will get 5.1 % of all votes in the upcoming EU elections this June – enough to guarantee a seat in the European Parliament .
The poll further shows that the party is the second largest party among younger voters in the age group 18 - 30 .
“ This poll confirms our recent phenomenal growth in support , and says there will be pirates in Brussels after this election , ” Pirate Party Leader Rick Falkvinge told TorrentFreak .
“ Scoring like this in a poll will further enhance support for the party .
While there ’s still much work to be done , we ’re on the home stretch and have the goal in plain sight .
June 7 is election day .
On the morning of June 8 , we ’ll know . ”
“ In January of 2006 , we set sail for new civil liberties land by bypassing today ’s politicians and talking directly to voting citizens — that is , with the goal of kicking some of today ’s politicians out of office .
It appears we ’ve just heard the first LAND AHOY ! from the watch , ” Falkvinge added .
When the Swedish Pirate Party was founded three years ago , the majority of the mainstream press viewed them with skepticism , with some simply laughing them away .
Times have changed though .
The Pirate Party is now a serious competitor for the established parties in Sweden , and on its way to conquer Europe .
It looks like ordinary smartphones will soon be able to VoIP freely
In a move that should have phone owners breaking out the bubbly and mobile operators crying into their beer , the EU looks set to force networks to allow VoIP services like Skype to use regular phone connections .
The EU's Telecoms Commissioner Viviane Reding wants to stop phone operators using their dominance to " block innovative services " like VoIP .
Cut - throat competition
That goes against the general feeling among telcos that allowing customers to use flat - rate data plans for free IP calls would be akin to cutting their own throats .
Already , smartphones like the iPhone come with mandatory flat - rate data plans with calls charges added on top .
If full VoIP access were granted , owners of such handsets would never need to pay for a call again .
The Wi-Fi way
Deutsche Telekom , which also owns T - Mobile , recently reaffirmed that it was against VoIP access , which may have led the EU to consider anti-competition charges against it .
Currently , smartphone owners wishing to use VoIP software like Skype typically have to hook up by Wi-Fi and not through a phone 's 3G connection .
Enlarge By Larry Downing , Reuters President Obama speaks about higher education in the Diplomatic Room at the White House on Friday .
Obama on Saturday announced a plan for federal workers to propose ways to improve their agencies ' and departments ' budgets .
WASHINGTON 
Think you can do better than your federal boss ?
President Obama wants to know how .
Obama on Saturday announced a plan for federal workers to propose ways to improve their agencies ' and departments ' budgets .
The president said employees ' ideas would be key as his Cabinet officials cut millions from the federal budget and trim the deficit .
EDUCATION : Obama touts plan to change college loan system " After all , Americans across the country know that the best ideas often come from workers , not just management , " Obama said in his weekly radio and Internet address .
" That 's why we 'll establish a process through which every government worker can submit their ideas for how their agency can save money and perform better .
We 'll put the suggestions that work into practice . "
Obama 's pitch comes at the end of a week focused on federal spending .
On Friday , Democrats in Congress neared a deal on Obama 's budget proposal and inched closer to passing a bill that would result in some $ 500 billion in deficits .
To confront that perception , Obama earlier in the week ordered officials to identify $ 100 million in savings to achieve over time — a relative pittance against the broader plan , his aides later acknowledged .
" Earlier this week , I held my first Cabinet meeting and sent a clear message : cut what does n't work .
Already , we 've identified substantial savings , " Obama said .
" And in the days and weeks ahead , we will continue going through the budget line by line , and we 'll identify more than 100 programs that will be cut or eliminated . "
Critics scoffed at the amount , compared to the massive spending Washington allocates annually .
Nonetheless , Obama continued his push for fiscal restraint .
" We cannot sustain deficits that mortgage our children 's future , nor tolerate wasteful inefficiency , " Obama declared .
" Government has a responsibility to spend the peoples ' money wisely and to serve the people effectively . "
Republicans compared the Democrats ' budget to France's .
" We Americans always have had a love - hate relationship with the French , which was why it was so galling last month when the Democratic Congress passed a budget with such big deficits that it makes the United States literally ineligible to join France in the European Union , " Tennessee Sen. Lamar Alexander said in the GOP 's weekly radio address .
GOP ADDRESS : Republicans push nuclear energy to lower costs " Now , of course , we do n't want to be in the European Union .
We 're the United States of America .
But French deficits are lower than ours , and their president has been running around sounding like a Republican — lecturing our president about spending so much . "
Obama said his administration would make $ 2 trillion in deficit reductions in the next decade , a pledge Obama has made repeatedly during his first three months in office .
He also said he wants to re-evaluate priorities in the capital and urged Congress to pass legislation that would force lawmakers to pay for new policies and avoid large deficits .
He also told agencies they could keep a part of the money they save .
" So much of our government was built to deal with different challenges from a different era , " said Obama , noting that he took office facing a $ 1.3 billion budget deficit .
" Too often , the result is wasteful spending , bloated programs and inefficient results . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
While Kuniko is preoccupied with her thoughts about the open spaces of ATLAS in episode 4 of Shangri - la , “ Super Akihabara ” , Karin and Klaris are panicking about the unexplained drop of carbon emissions from Saudi Arabia .
And in ATLAS , Miko turns out to have passed the test from the previous episode with flying colors .
In fact , Miko is now Mikuni ’s favorite attendant , and Miko thinks this might be what it feels like to be a mother .
But on the topic of mothers , Mikuni knows nothing about her own mother and only has a single earring left behind from her mother .
Miko finds the earring oddly familiar .
This should be no surprise as Momoko wears the other pair , although I doubt Momoko gave birth to anyone .
With a new hairstyle after their adventures in ATLAS , Momoko joins Takehiko for lunch , and it turns out that Kuniko was n’t the only one bothered by what they saw in ATLAS .
Of course , Takehiko and Momoko did n’t lose sight of the here and now while they were in ATLAS as they were being shot at , unlike Kuniko .
Takehiko has the opposite reaction to ATLAS , however : he thinks ATLAS should be destroyed for being an oppressive symbol .
For Kuniko herself , she is still not sure of what to think about ATLAS as she talks with her friends Tomoka and Yuri .
Meanwhile , Karin is trying to raise the market carbon emission figures from Saudi Arabia back to normal levels while Medusa is acting very agitated in the background .
The relevant transaction is soon discovered and Karin manages to hack the figures back to normal levels , but it ’s implied that the adjustment causes pain for Medusa .
As before , I wonder what exactly Medusa is : it seems to be more than just a hacking supercomputer .
When Karin finally turns her attention to finding out what caused the fluctuation in the first place , she gets a surprise .
Back in Duomo , Kuniko is taking a rest from using her brain when it occurs to her to check on her grandmother .
Nagiko has a substantial amount of computer equipment under the basement , so she ’s not the old - fashioned sort that thinks new technology is to be shunned , despite the impression that could result from her sermon from the first episode about the value of books .
Nagiko uses it to keep an eye on the carbon market , and she had noticed abnormal movements in the market , including the latest fluctuation from Saudi Arabia .
As for Kuniko ’s dilemma , Nagiko only suggests that Kuniko follows her heart .
Later , while Takehiko is passionately arguing that ATLAS should be destroyed during a Metal Age meeting , Kuniko barges in and strongly suggests that their supply of graphite blocks should be sold .
Graphite blocks had become quite valuable as the carbon market was created , although I ’m not quite sure how this works out .
Perhaps obtaining graphite blocks counts as absorbing large quantities of carbon from the atmosphere ?
( Dry ice must be really valuable …) Kuniko thinks that the odd movements in the carbon market foreshadows something important happening in the near future , so she wants to sell the graphite blocks to build up the operational funds for Metal Age in preparation , which would also be useful for whatever they end up doing about ATLAS .
Selling all of their graphite at once is not an option , since it would attract too much attention , so Kuniko suggests selling of 3 % of their stock to start with .
Nagiko gives the green light to sell the graphite blocks , so the next issue is to decide on who should go to Akiba to sell them .
However , when Kuniko volunteers herself for the job , Nagiko is oddly reluctant to let Kuniko go to Akiba .
I ’m not sure if Nagiko is worrying about Kuniko unable to handle the otakuness in Akiba or if Kuniko might end up an otaku herself .
Or maybe Nagiko is worrying about Kuniko encountering an embarrassing acquaintance of Nagiko ’s …
At ATLAS , Ryouko has sent Shion on the life - threatening task of querying Mikuni on how she was doing , all for the sake of tormenting Shion .
Most of the attendants wonder how many minutes Shion would survive , although it ’s not clear Miko knows about how dangerous Mikuni is .
Sayoko just had to mention that Ryouko was as mean as usual , which prompts Mikuni to ask Shion if Ryouko was mean .
Shion knows that his answer would be passed on to Ryouko , but he also knows that Mikuni would kill him if he lied , and he answers that Ryouko was indeed mean .
When Mikuni asks if Ryouko would punish him , he again answers in the affirmative , and the next question is if Shion was afraid of what Ryouko would do to him .
Shion ’s answer is that he is not afraid , and in fact he is looking forward to it .
This confirms it : Shion is a masochist that enjoys the torment that Ryouko puts him through , not an unfortunate victim .
This answers whether Shion adored Ryouko despite her abuse or because of it .
I wonder if Shion ’s brother Leon knows about it : it would be funny if he were to be jealous because Ryouko is an obstacle to a potential incestuous relationship .
However , Sayoko and most of Mikuni ’s attendants think it is over for Shion , thinking that he must be lying , as Shion awaits the response from the unerring lie detector that is Mikuni .
In Duomo , Kuniko decides to go to Akiba anyways despite Nagiko ’s orders .
Or rather , Nagiko ’s stubborn insistence that Kuniko not go to Akiba just made her want to go more .
Accompanied by Momoko , Kuniko heads to Akiba to sell graphite blocks .
Meanwhile at Ishida Finance , Karin had determined that someone had managed to create an exact copy of Medusa down to the details such as how tax havens are used , which is how the carbon market was manipulated by someone else , so her next move is to investigate Akiba .
I ’m not sure how she excluded Medusa itself as being the culprit , though .
In ATLAS , Mikuni accepts Shion ’s answer and finds him to be an interesting person , which amuses most of the attendants as they realize that Shion was telling the truth all along .
Mikuni wants
Shion to talk about something interesting , which eventually ends up with Shion talking about the recent battle at Duomo .
He mentions a mysterious sound emanating from a lieutenant ’s knife , which seems to get the attention of Sayoko , while Mikuni is intrigued and wants to know more .
Shion does n’t know anything else about it , so Mikuni wants Shion to bring along the lieutenant in question , and Shion is extremely relieved about surviving his encounter with Mikuni .
When Kuniko and Momoko arrive at Akiba , we see that Akiba is as much a haven for otaku as Akihabara is today , even if no one seems to call Akihabara by its proper name anymore .
It ’s a bit of culture shock for Kuniko , and it ’s an even bigger shock to the system when she sees the old men Kuniko and Momoko had come looking for , even if Momoko unfairly complains about their fake identification not being up to par .
Meanwhile , Karin is searching for information on who had bought a certain component necessary for building Medusa .
Since it can only be obtained from the underground market in Akiba , Karin tries to search the databases for Akiba , but for some reason the presence of Kuniko seems to cut off any attempt at a search .
As an aside , I find it really cute how Karin pretends to have a conversation with her teddy bear as she ’s working ( unless it ’s the unlikely case that there ’s something more sinister about the teddy bear and there ’s actually a separate mind within Karin ) .
The three old men in Akiba are truly hardcore otaku , even becoming underground brokers so that they can fund their obsessions .
They do n’t even want to live in ATLAS for no other reason that there is no Akihabara in the structure .
One interesting thing they mention is a great disaster with earthquakes and tsunamis , soon after which ATLAS began construction .
I ’m not sure how extensive this disaster was , whether it was confined to just Tokyo , or also affected Japan as a whole or even the entire world , but I find it interesting what it might imply about the reasons for ATLAS ’ existence .
Maybe ATLAS was designed to calm down or kill an emerging consciousness within the ecosystem , which may have caused the disasters in the first place .
In any case , it sounds like the forestation of Tokyo was planned because of the calamity that devastated the city , and not something that was forced upon a thriving city .
After Momoko manages to get a refund from the three old men for the supposedly defective fake identification , Kuniko and Momoko heads off to sell their graphite blocks for cash and weapons .
Although for some reason the local merchants use continental European equipment , given how 99.998 parts per million is supposed to mean close to pure .
This is when we hear a familiar voice : by coincidence Kunihito Kusanagi is also in Akiba ( at least I ’m pretty sure it ’s Lieutenant Kusanagi even with the different way of dressing ) , whom Kuniko manages to recognize .
I would n’t have pegged Kunihito as being an otaku …
It looks like the characters are being drawn together , with Mikuni seeking Kunihito , Karin seeking Kuniko ( although probably out of curiosity , as there is n’t anything indicating that Kuniko has anything to do with a supposed duplicate of Medusa ) , and the surreptitious encounter between Kuniko and Kunihito .
South Korean scientists said they have cloned the world 's first transgenic female beagle dogs , which carry fluorescent genes that make the canine glow red .
( ( Seoul National University / Associated Press ) )
South Korean scientists say they have engineered four beagles that glow red using cloning techniques that could help develop cures for human diseases .
The four dogs , all named Ruppy — a combination of ruby and puppy — look like typical beagles by daylight .
But they glow red under ultraviolet light , and the dogs ' nails and abdomens , which have thin skins , look red even to the naked eye .
Seoul National University professor Lee Byeong - chun , head of the research team , called them the world 's first transgenic dogs carrying fluorescent genes , an achievement that goes beyond just the glowing novelty .
" What 's significant in this work is not the dogs expressing red colours but that we planted genes into them , " Lee told The Associated Press on Tuesday .
A South Korean scientist who created glowing cats in 2007 based on a similar cloning technique said that Lee 's puppies are genuine clones , saying he had seen them and had read about them in the journal .
" We can appraise this is a step forward " toward finding cures for human diseases , said veterinary professor Kong Il - keun at South Korea 's Gyeongsang National University .
" What is important now is on what specific diseases ( Lee 's team ) will focus on . "
Lee 's team identified the dogs as clones of a cell donor through DNA tests and earlier this month introduced the achievement in a paper on the website of the journal Genesis .
Scientists in the U.S. , Japan and in Europe previously have cloned fluorescent mice and pigs , but this would be the first time dogs with modified genes have been cloned successfully , Lee said .
He said his team took skin cells from a beagle , inserted fluorescent genes into them and put them into eggs before implanting them into the womb of a surrogate mother , a local mixed breed .
One of the cloned beagles glows red when exposed to ultraviolet light .
The beagles are all named Ruppy , a combination of ruby and puppy .
( ( AP Photo / Seoul National University ) )
Six female beagles were born in December 2007 through cloning with a gene that produces a red fluorescent protein that makes them glow , he said .
Two died , but the four others survived .
The glowing dogs show that it is possible to successfully insert genes with a specific trait , which could lead to implanting other , non-fluorescent genes that could help treat specific diseases , Lee said .
The scientist said his team has started to implant human disease - related genes in the course of dog cloning , saying that will help them find new treatments for genetic diseases such as Parkinson's .
He refused to provide further details , saying the research was still underway .
Lee was a key aide to disgraced scientist Hwang Woo-suk , whose breakthroughs on stem cell research were found to have been made using faked data .
Independent tests , however , later proved the team 's dog cloning was genuine .
Best Purifiers and Humidifiers for Children – How To Choose
There are different types of purifiers and humidifiers available for your children ’s room , each one having its advantages and disadvantages .
In order to make the right choice , it is important to understand these differences , to know what you want to achieve and of course , the way your children react to the chosen device .
An air humidifier must be chosen considering the size of the room .
Each one of them should come with specifications about a maximum surface it can cover .
A humidifier using warm air in a small room will definitely increase the temperature .
On the other hand , a low - power device in a room that is too large is inefficient , so it will waste energy for nothing .
These are also usually the cheapest , but they can be dangerous for children if they put their hands above the hot air current .
If you can put it in a safe place where your child can’t reach it , then you can use it with no worries .
When do I need it ?
Specialists claim humidifiers are recommended during the summer and winter and in any moment when the humidity in the air is very low .
The device is used to regulate the humidity level in a room , and it is an essential accessory for the room of your child .
By filtering the air and regulating the humidity , the environment in the baby ’s room is a lot cleaner and the air is fresher .
Benefits of air humidifiers
Main benefit of purifiers and humidifiers is that they can be used both during the winter and summer , without changing the temperature in the room .
However , using it continuously during the winter might lead to health problems for children .
It is why you need to follow the instructions of the manufacturer about installing and positioning the device , and about setting it up for optimal performance and comfort .
It has been proven that babies staying in rooms where the air is purified with an efficient humidifier breathe and sleep better .
Moreover , on the long term , they are protected of allergies and dry skin problems .
It is recommended to use distilled water in any humidifier , as they can disperse impurities from the water in the air , which might irritate the lungs of the baby .
Choose a silenced model , as you will want to use them for the whole duration of the night without affecting the baby ’s sleep .
Moreover , choose a model that shuts down automatically when the water level is too low .
This way , you will avoid unwanted accidents .
Do n’t use flavored water with humidifiers unless you are sure your child does not have any allergy to the substances used .
The best humidifiers are the ones that are able to measure the humidity in the air .
This way , you will always know when the humidifier is required and when you need to turn it off .
By using it on the long term , you will observe dusts gathers a lot harder on surfaces in the room , and the better ventilation will increase the state of health and mood of your children .
“ It ’s not that I ’m a saint , but I try to go out of my way if it ’s reasonable , ” he said .
Some digital Samaritans have to work to get around barriers that are set up to protect people ’s privacy .
Shannon Kokoska , 39 , dropped her wallet on a city bus in San Francisco in January and , later that night , before she knew it was gone , received an e-mail message from the man who had found it .
Two of her credit card companies had declined to give him her address or phone number , so her white knight had sent her a message on Facebook .
“ It ’s nice to be reminded of that story , ” said Ms. Kokoska , who was recently robbed of her iPod on the same bus .
Many airports and transit systems are using similar strategies .
Miami International Airport takes queries for lost items over the Internet , and also uses the Web as its primary tool for locating passengers who have lost items .
Ernesto Alonso , the terminal operations agent in charge of the service , has used Google and the online White Pages to return a laptop to a traveler from Australia , a locker full of satellite equipment to a company in Washington , and an urn of human remains to a cemetery in New Jersey .
( A family member of the deceased had inexplicably left the urn on top of a trash can at a departure gate . )
“ We used to return about 30 percent of the items we got , ” Mr. Alonso said .
“ With the Internet available to us , that total number is now over half , and you have to remember that a lot of the other stuff we get is junk . ”
Some see using the Web to reunite lost items with their owners as a potential business opportunity .
Several start - ups , with names like SendMeHome , Boomerang
It and TrackItBack , allow people to register and stamp their valuables with codes .
If these items are lost , the people who find them can enter the numbers on the Web to locate their owner .
The start - ups all say that more than two - thirds of people who find these items do the right thing and return them .
The limited response set off fresh scrutiny of Pakistan ’s military , a force with 500,000 soldiers and a similar number of reservists .
The army receives $ 1 billion in American military aid each year but has repeatedly declined to confront the Taliban - led insurgency , even as it has bled out of Pakistan ’s self - governed tribal areas into Pakistan proper in recent months .
The military remains fixated on training and deploying its soldiers to fight the country ’s archenemy , India .
It remains ill equipped for counterinsurgency , analysts say , and top officers are deeply reluctant to be pressed into action against insurgents who enjoy family , ethnic and religious ties with many Pakistanis .
In the limited engagements in which regular army troops have fought the Taliban in the tribal areas and sections of the Swat Valley , they not only failed to dislodge the Taliban , but also convinced many Pakistanis that their own military was as much of a menace as the Islamic radicals it sought to repel , residents and analysts say .
In Washington , a Defense Department official who is monitoring Pakistan closely said that the poorly trained constabulary force was sent Thursday because Pakistani Army troops were not available , and Pakistani generals were reluctant to pull reinforcements off the border with India  something American officials have encouraged them to do .
Image
In Pakistans Buner district on Thursday , a barber looked at the  Shave is forbidden warning that the Taliban wrote on the window of his shop .
The Taliban now control the region .
Credit ...
Tariq Mahmood / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
“ It illustrates there is a lack of political will in the Pakistan civilian leadership to confront these Pakistan Taliban , ” said Senator Jack Reed , a Rhode Island Democrat on the Armed Services Committee who just returned from his fifth visit to Pakistan .
“ The Taliban sense this huge vacuum that they can pour into . ”
WASHINGTON  Richard L. Scott is unusual in these tough economic times : a rich , conservative investor willing to spend freely on a political cause .
Mr. Scott is starring in his own rotation of advertisements against the broad outlines of President Obama ’s health care plans .
( “ Imagine waking up one day and all your medical decisions are made by a central , national board , ” he warns in a radio spot . )
He has dispatched camera crews to other countries to document the perils of socialized medicine .
He visited with lawmakers on Capitol Hill this week , and his new group , Conservatives for Patients ’ Rights , has hired a leading conservative public relations firm , CRC , well known for its work with Swift Boat Veterans for Truth , the group that attacked Senator John Kerry , Democrat of Massachusetts , during his presidential campaign .
Mr. Scott ’s emergence this spring as the most visible conservative opponent to Mr. Obama ’s not - fully - defined health care effort has former friends and foes alike doing double takes , given Mr. Scott ’s history .
For Immediate Release
Office of the Press Secretary
Contact : 202-282-8010
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) announced today the release of a DHS - developed detection tool that can be used by the federal government , commercial vendors , state and local governments , and critical infrastructure owners and operators to scan their networks for the Conficker / Downadup computer worm .
The department 's United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team ( US - CERT ) developed the tool that assists mission - critical partners in detecting if their networks are infected .
The tool has been made available to federal and state partners via the Government Forum of Incident Response and Security Teams ( GFIRST ) Portal , and to private sector partners through the IT and Communications sector Information Sharing and Analysis Centers ( ISACs ) .
Additional outreach to partners will continue in the coming days .
Department cyber experts briefed federal Chief Information Officers and Chief Information Security Officers today , as well as their equivalents in the private sector and state / local government via the ISACs and the National Infrastructure Protection Plan framework .
" While tools have existed for individual users , this is the only free tool – and the most comprehensive one – available for enterprises like federal and state government and private sector networks to determine the extent to which their systems are infected by this worm , " said US - CERT Director Mischel Kwon .
" Our experts at US - CERT are working around the clock to increase our capabilities to address the cyber risk to our nation 's critical networks and systems , both from this threat and all others . "
In addition to the development of this tool , DHS is working closely with private sector and government partners to minimize any impact from the Conficker / Downadup computer worm .
This worm can infect Microsoft Windows systems from thumb drives , network share drives , or directly across a corporate network if network servers are not protected by Microsoft ’s MS08 - 067 patch .
US - CERT recommends that Windows Operating Systems users apply Microsoft security patch MS08-067 ( http://www.microsoft.com/technet/security/Bulletin/MS08-067.mspx) as quickly as possible to help protect themselves from the worm .
This security patch , released in October 2008 , is designed to protect against a vulnerability that , if exploited , could enable an attacker to remotely take control of an infected system and install additional malicious software .
Home users can apply a simple test for the presence of a Conficker / Downadup infection on their home computers .
The presence of an infection may be detected if users are unable to connect to their security solution Web site or if they are unable to download free detection / removal tools .
If an infection is suspected , the system or computer should be removed from the network .
In the case of home users , the computer should be unplugged from the Internet .
Instructions , support and more information on how to manually remove a Conficker / Downadup infection from a system have been published by major security vendors .
Each of these vendors offers free tools that can verify the presence of a Conficker / Downadup infection and remove the worm :
Symantec :
http://www.symantec.com/business/security_response/writeup.jsp?docid=2009-011316-0247-99
Microsoft :
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/962007
http://www.microsoft.com/protect/computer/viruses/worms/conficker.mspx
Home users may also call Microsoft PC Safety hotline at 1 - 866 - PCSAFETY , for assistance .
McAfee :
http://www.mcafee.com/us/threat_center/default.asp
US - CERT encourages users to prevent a Conficker / Downadup infection by ensuring all systems have the MS08 - 067 patch , disabling AutoRun functionality ( see http://www.us-cert.gov/cas/techalerts/TA09-020A.html), and maintaining up - to - date anti-virus software .
In addition , US - CERT recommends that computer users and administrators implement the following preparedness measures to protect themselves against this vulnerability , and also from future vulnerabilities :
Keep up - to - date on security patches and fixes for your operating system .
The easiest way to do this is to set your system to receive automatic updates , which will ensure you automatically receive security updates issued by Microsoft .
If your system does not allow automatic updates , we recommend that you manually install the Microsoft security patch today through Microsoft Update at http://update.microsoft.com/microsoftupdate
Install anti-virus and anti-spyware software and keep them up - to - date
Enable a firewall which will help block attacks before they can get into your computer
To access the alerts for this vulnerability and for additional information on cyber security tips and practices , please visit www.us-cert.gov.
###
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( Reuters ) - Oil major
Shell said on Wednesday it has formally withdrawn a three - year plan for exploration in Alaska ’s Beaufort Sea after it was stymied by concerns over the potential impact to whales , polar bears and other marine wildlife .
Customers fuel up at a Shell gas station in Westminster , Colorado in this file photo fromOctober 30 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
Shell said it informed the U.S. Minerals Management Service that it is shelving its 2007 - 2009 Beaufort plan and will soon file new exploration plans for 2010 that will be much smaller in scale to address litigation launched by environmentalists and North Slope residents .
“ Over the last three years , Shell ’s Beaufort Sea drilling objectives have become more focused with the acquisition and analysis of additional seismic data , ” Pete Slaiby , Shell Alaska ’s general manager , said in a statement .
“ As a result , the 2007 - 2009 plan no longer represents Shell ’s current drilling approach . ”
Shell had originally planned to drill nearly a dozen wells over three years at Sivulliq , a prospect in the Beaufort Sea where oil had been discovered , along with other wells at another Beaufort Sea prospect .
The drilling was to have started in 2007 and been completed this year , according to Shell ’s original plans .
But after a court ruled in November that federal officials failed to address environmental impacts when they granted the company a permit , Shell said it will not pursue the drill program in 2009 .
Lawsuits challenging the drilling resulted in the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals order overturning the MMS decision granting permission for that program .
The lawsuits , filed by environmentalists , Native groups and the North Slope Borough , said the MMS authorized the drilling without adequately reviewing impacts to wildlife in the sensitive region .
Shell ’s 2010 exploration plan will be much reduced from the earlier proposed program , company officials said .
It will span one year instead of three , use a single drilling rig instead of two and seek to drill two wells in a single year instead of four , officials said .
Like the previous plan , the 2010 plan will focus on Sivulliq , said company spokesman Curtis Smith .
Shell could have waited for the 9th Circuit Court to reverse its ruling from six months ago and allow exploration to proceed under the old plan , Smith said .
The San Francisco - based court in March vacated its November ruling but did not indicate what decision would follow .
“ It could have gone either way , ” Smith said .
The company decided , ultimately , that scaling back its Beaufort exploration plans was a better strategy , he said .
A spokeswoman for one of the environmental litigants said Shell ’s move was good news .
“ We ’re certainly happy to hear that they ’ve withdrawn their plan for exploration , ” said Betsy Beardsley of the Alaska Wilderness League .
“ It ’s no surprise .
If they want to have an exploration plan , the one they have right now is n’t good enough . ”
Shell spent $ 84 million in 2005 and 2007 acquiring Beaufort Sea leases .
The Sivulliq prospect , within the territory acquired by Shell , is known to hold technically recoverable oil .
The site was formerly known as Hammerhead , and drilling in the 1980s by Shell and others resulted in the discovery .
But Hammerhead was abandoned for economic reasons .
Shell officials have also said they hope to start exploration drilling in Alaska ’s Chukchi Sea next year .
However , those plans are clouded by an April 17 ruling from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , which tossed out the five - year leasing program under which Shell and other companies acquired their Chukchi Sea exploration rights .
Shell last year spent $ 2.1 billion on high bids for Chukchi leases , part of a record - setting $ 2.66 billion lease sale .
The MMS estimates the outer continental shelf of the Beaufort holds 8.22 billion barrels of technically recoverable oil and 27.64 trillion cubic feet of recoverable natural gas .
The MMS estimates that the Chukchi ’s outer continental shelf holds 15.38 billion barrels of recoverable oil and 76.77 trillion cubic feet of recoverable natural gas .
In the scientific community , journal citations are the coin of the realm . *
Illustration : Ronald Kurniawan * Jorge Hirsch had been getting screwed .
For years .
At a scientific conference in 1989 , he presented a paper arguing that the generally accepted theory of low - temperature superconductors — the BCS theory — was wrong .
Most researchers at the time held that under certain low - temperature conditions , vibrations in a metal 's crystal lattice can allow electrons to become attracted to one another , which drops electrical resistance to zero — a superconducting state .
Hirsch said this " electron - phonon interaction " in fact had nothing to do with superconductivity .
He was a youngish up - and - comer then , but physics rarely forgives apostasy .
After his fateful presentation , similar conferences stopped inviting him to speak .
Colleagues no longer sought him out for collaboration .
Grants dried up .
High - visibility journals shunned his papers .
It 's not that Hirsch was n't getting his work published .
He was .
And other physicists were still citing his research , implying some acceptance of his views .
Hirsch just was n't able to get his papers into the really high - visibility journals — places like Science , Nature , and , for a solid - state physicist , Physical Review Letters .
There 's a clear pecking order , established and reinforced by several independent rating systems .
Chief among them : the Journal Impact Factor .
Hirsch , like his peers , understood that if he wanted to get to the front ranks of his discipline , he had to publish in journals with higher JIFs .
But this struck him as unfair .
Like most physicists , he 's pretty smart , and not shy about it .
The system that had shunned him was wrong , Hirsch concluded .
It should n't be about where he published ; it should be about his work .
So in 2003 , Hirsch decided that he —oh , and science , too !— needed a system that would rate researchers directly .
After two years of number - crunching in his cluttered office at UC San Diego , Hirsch had it — an invention important enough to warrant publication in the ( very prestigious ) Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
In his 2005 article , Hirsch introduced the h - index ( named after himself , of course ) .
The key was focusing not on where you published but on how many times other researchers cited your work .
In practice , you take all the papers you 've published and rank them by how many times each has been cited .
Say paper number one has been cited 10,000 times .
Paper number two , 8,000 cites .
Paper number 32 has 33 citations , but number 33 has received just 28 .
You 've published 32 papers with more than 32 citations — your h- index is 32 .
Or to put it more technically , the h - index is the number n of a researcher 's papers that have been cited by other papers at least n times .
High numbers = important science = important scientist .
In its nearly four years of life , the relatively simple , flexible h- index has become the most talked - about metric in the very hot science of rating scientists and their research , a discipline that has flourished in ways Hirsch had never imagined .
The h - index was the biggest splash in a flood of Internet - enabled rating systems — growth and decay chronometrics , semiometric measures , hub / authority metrics .
Schools and labs use such ratings to help them make grants , bestow tenure , award bonuses , and hire postdocs .
In fact , similar statistical approaches have become standard practice in Internet search algorithms and on social networking sites .
These numbers do for scientists what U.S. News & World Report does for colleges and Bill James ' Sabermetrics did for baseball :
They quantify reputation .
Or at least they try .
Either way , the numbers have the stark , uncluttered feel that scientists love .
" I'm a physicist , " Hirsch says .
" Some people put a lot of weight on subjective criteria , and I do n't like that at all . "
The science citation revolution began more than 50 years ago .
Eugene Garfield , then a young librarian pursuing a PhD in structural linguistics , started wondering about that most prosaic of bibliographic tools : the footnote .
Most people think of footnotes as reaching backward in time to a document 's sources .
But Garfield realized that they could reach forward , too — future footnotes would cite the original article .
" The citation becomes the subject , " says Garfield , now 83 and enjoying his stature as the founding father of modern citation analysis .
" It was a radical approach to retrieving information . "
Some three decades before the concept of the hyperlink and the World Wide Web crossed anybody 's mind , Garfield had figured out how to connect the immense body of scientific knowledge into a network .
In the early 1960s he began publishing The Science Citation Index ; Garfield sold the first edition , five volumes of arcane hard - copy reference , to academic libraries for $ 500 .
Over the years , as the index expanded , Garfield worked furiously to figure out how to select and compare the journals it included .
He found his answer in a simple equation : Divide the number of citations the journal gets over the prior two years by the number of articles it published .
He named it the Journal Impact Factor , and in 1975 he decided to reveal how it worked .
Only librarians seemed to care .
" It was clear that most people did n't have the vaguest idea what I was talking about , " Garfield says .
Still , it was a tidy little business , and in 1992 Garfield sold it to what 's now called Thomson Reuters .
But it did n't get much traction until five years later , when the company dumped the entire database onto the Internet .
Today , it 's part of the ISI Web of Knowledge , and its arrival online gave scientists easy access to a colleague 's oeuvre so they could see whether it was published in good journals .
Suddenly , the scientific life had a scoreboard .
The Web of Knowledge now comprises 700 million cited references from 23,000 journals published since 1804 .
It 's used by 20 million researchers in nearly 100 countries .
Anyone — scientist , dean , lab director — can sort the entries and tell someone 's fortune .
Nothing approaches it for breadth and longevity .
Though the Journal Impact Factor has competitors , it remains the gold standard .
" You may not like the database , but it has not been replaced , " Garfield says .
That said , the JIF has problems .
Review journals , which round up current research , are generally cited far more often than those that publish new findings .
And even though the JIF is meant to rate only journals , most people use it as a proxy for rating individual scientists anyway .
Worse , the system can be gamed .
Editors have been known to encourage authors to cite articles from their journal ( which has the aroma of extortion — " Help us with our JIF if you want to get published " ) .
Journals that print obituaries , editorials , and letters catch a break , because these articles are included in the JIF numerator but not counted in the denominator .
There had to be a better way .
Even change - averse academia admitted that Hirsch had come up with a different mousetrap .
" The h - index does seem to be able to identify good scientists , and it is becoming widely used informally , " the journal Nature reported in 2007 , perhaps somewhat grudgingly .
The index makes it harder to cheat .
Researchers have to be champion self - citers to move their own numbers , and editors have no reason to influence the system .
On the other hand , Hirsch acknowledges that the h - index has its own intrinsic weaknesses .
It 's kind to older folks , for example , but not great to younger scientists .
If a scientist writes six brilliant papers and dies , his h- index will never be higher than six , even if each paper is cited 10,000 times .
And by putting the onus on individuals , it encourages researchers to write about sexy topics and hew close to the conventional wisdom — exactly what Hirsch was trying to avoid .
Plus , it has trouble apportioning credit on papers with multiple authors .
( Complicated math might sort researchers by their respective contributions ... maybe . )
While the problems of the various citation - based ranking schemes might seem ( ahem ) academic , their strategies are increasingly the coin of the online realm .
Understanding and quantifying reputation is the best approach to navigating the tsunami of information on the Internet .
That 's why Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin cited Eugene Garfield in their academic work on PageRank , the algorithm that powers their company 's search engine .
" Articles cited by this article " and " articles that cite this article " are really just outbound and inbound links .
Today , citation analysis has come full circle .
Eigenfactor and SCImago actually use variations of PageRank to evaluate scientific journals .
And the introduction of Google Scholar , a search tool designed specifically for academic research , provided a whole new set of citation data ; it can help calculate h- index , as well as a newer ranking system called the g- index that gives more weight to articles with higher citation counts .
The depth of data available on the Internet and the increasing importance of online archives and publications like the ArXiv for physics and the Public Library of Science for biomedicine have made possible new metrics : number of downloads , rate of downloads over time ( chronometrics ) , and even levels of funding and numbers of doctoral students working in a lab ( nonbibliometric performance indicators ) .
So powerful are these new kinds of measurements that they 're finding applications beyond ranking scientists .
One recent article suggested that citation analysis could be used to predict the direction of scientific innovation .
Not even Web flavor - of - the - month Twitter is immune .
The microblogging site displays the number of users following a given Twitterer , and the number of users that person follows .
So you can see where this is going : Various Web sites track Twitter use , factoring in those numbers as well as " re-tweets , " the number of times a person 's posts get recapitulated , to come up with ranks for users .
The more important any given Web application becomes , the more its users want ranks .
" The Impact Factor was never supposed to be used to rank scientists , " says Marie McVeigh , senior manager for bibliographic policy at Thomson Reuters .
She 's right , of course , but it 's too late now .
At least the h - index seems to give people the right numbers .
Edward Witten , genius cosmologist at the Institute for Advanced Study , scores 120 , the highest of all physicists .
A Brief History of Time theorist Stephen Hawking gets 67 .
And Hirsch ?
He rates a 52 , which according to his 2005 paper makes him " outstanding " and " likely to be found only at the top universities or major research laboratories . "
See ?
The system works .
Guy Gugliotta ( guygugliotta@yahoo.com ) wrote about mutated microorganisms in issue 15.09 .
Highlights From the New Peer - Reviewed Creation Science Journal
Jan. 23 , 1911 : Science Academy Tells Marie Curie , ' Non '
Peer Production
Somaly ’s shelters — where the youngest girl rescued is 4 years old — provide an education and job skills .
More important , Somaly applies public and international pressure to push the police to crack down on the worst brothels , and takes brothel owners to court .
The idea is to undermine the sex - trafficking business model .
In her book , Somaly recounts how she grew up as an orphan and was “ adopted ” by a man who sold her to a brothel .
Once when Somaly ran away , the police gang - raped her .
Then her owner , on recovering his “ property , ” not only beat and humiliated her but tied her down naked and poured live maggots over her skin and in her mouth .
Yet even after that , Somaly occasionally defied him .
Once two new girls , about 14 years old , were brought in to the brothel and left tied up .
Somaly untied them and let them run away .
For that , she was tortured with electric shocks .
As Cambodia opened up , Somaly began to get foreign clients , whom she vastly preferred because they did n’t beat her as well , and she began learning foreign languages .
Eventually , a French aid worker named Pierre Legros and she got married , and together they started Afesip , a small organization to fight sex trafficking .
They have since divorced , and Somaly works primarily through the Somaly Mam Foundation , set up by admiring Americans to finance her battle against trafficking in Cambodia .
It ’s a successful collaboration between American do - gooders with money and a Cambodian do - gooder with local street smarts .
The world ’s worst trafficking is in Asia , but teenage runaways in the United States are also routinely brutalized by their pimps .
If a white , middle - class blonde goes missing , the authorities issue an Amber Alert and cable TV goes berserk , but neither federal nor local authorities do nearly enough to go after pimps who savagely abuse troubled girls who do n’t fit the “ missing blonde ” narrative .
The system is broken .
A bill to strengthen federal anti-trafficking efforts within the U.S. was overwhelmingly passed by the House of Representatives , led by Carolyn Maloney , Democrat of New York .
But crucial provisions to crack down on pimping are being blocked in the Senate in part by Senators Sam Brownback and Joe Biden , who consider the House provisions unnecessary and problematic .
( Barack Obama gets it and says the right things about trafficking to the public , but apparently not to his running mate . )
With U.N. leaders this week focused on overcoming poverty , Somaly is a reminder that we need n’t acquiesce in the enslavement of girls , in this country or abroad .
If we defeated slavery in the 19th century , we can beat it in the 21st century .
Zongzi in Mandarin , or joong in Cantonese , are traditionally eaten during the Dragon Boat Festival , which is held on the fifth day of the fifth month of the Chinese calendar , usually between late May to mid-June according to the Gregorian calendar , to honor Qu Yuan , a famous Chinese poet known for his patriotism .
One legend says that after an unsuccessful attempt to prevent the kingdom in which he lived from being conquered , Yuan drowned himself , and people tossed zongzi into the river to prevent fish from eating the poet 's body .
Zongzi are often called " Chinese tamales " because they are wrapped in bamboo or reed leaves and thus resemble Western tamales .
Inside the zongzi is glutinous rice and a filling .
While the preparation , filling , and even the way the zongzi is wrapped varies between regions and families , this article provides a general overview and some specific recipes so you can enjoy these delicious " tamales " .
The work is well worth the product .
Just Born — the makers of Marshmallow Peeps — says they ’ll be producing whale - shaped , and whale - sized , Marshmallow Peep s in an effort to end Japanese whaling .
[ social_buttons ]
The Peep - maker said the joint effort is between Darryl Hannah , The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society and Greenpeace , and that they are uniting under the moniker PEEP : People for Everything and Everyone on the Planet .
PEEP will be using the marshmallow whale Peeps as decoys , hopefully tricking Japanese whalers into harpooning those instead of cute and cuddly whales .
If successful , PEEP will look into other decoy opportunities .
Baby seal Peeps are under strong consideration , especially with Canada ’s seal hunt underway .
PEEP is Darryl Hannah ’s brainchild .
Each Easter , Hannah and fellow gal - pal Drew Barrymore get together for a ritual Spring Cleaning .
The tradition involves naming and nuking [ microwaving ] Marshmallow Peeps until they explode .
The Peeps usually don names of prominent conservatives and members of the GOP .
Last year when the Rush Limbaugh Peep kept getting bigger and fatter , and just would n’t die …
Hannah had an idea .
The former mermaid had this to say , “ Last Easter , after the Rush Limbaugh Peep broke Drew ’s microwave , we joked … what if we covertly replaced prominent members of the GOP with Marshmallow Peeps .
Like a McCain McPeep ?
So we actually tried making a few , but it just did n’t work out . ”
“ At first we tried making a Karl Rove Peep , but the mold kept turning out like that Emperor guy from Star Wars [ the originals , not those crappy sequels ] , ” she laughed .
“ The GOPeeps just were n’t working , it was really hard to get them right , and someone kept eating the Sarah Palin one ! ”
She said it was her work on Splash that gave her the idea of whale Peeps .
One obstacle , and the reason it took a year to develop the whale - sized Peeps , is that Peeps are n’t veggie friendly .
“ We wanted Greenpeace on our side . ” Hannah said .
“ The last thing you wanna do is piss off a bunch of vegans from Greenpeace , ” she warned .
Captain Paul Watson , founder of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society , said , “ We will start deploying the whale Peeps when the ship leaves port next . ”
This is expected to happen sometime in June .
The whale Peeps will come in three flavors : pink , yellow and krill .
Source : Just Born , Inc .
Ex-fundamentalist castigates Republicans for being a ' fifth column ' David Edwards and Rachel Oswald
Published : Monday March 9 , 2009
Print This Email
This A former leader of the Christian Right has issued a truly scathing and blistering critique to the Republican Party , calling them " anti-American " and a " fifth column " in the country for their efforts to " sabotage " national economic recovery .
Frank Schaeffer , whose evangelical parents were a driving force behind the formation of the Christian Right movement in the 1970s and 1980s , on Sunday burned whatever bridges he might have had left with the GOP after he left the party in 2000 with a blog posting on The Huffington Post and in an interview with CNN's D.L. Hughley .
Calling Republicans " arsonists " who are trying to burn down the country , Schaeffer , author of Crazy for God : How I Grew Up As One Of The Elect , Helped Found The Religious Right , And Lived To Take All ( Or Almost All ) Of It Back , said conservatives have no right to criticize President Obama for trying to clean up the mess that their party has created .
" You do nothing constructive , just try to hinder the one person willing and able to fix the mess , " Schaeffer wrote .
" Today , no actual conservative can be a Republican .
Reagan would despise today 's wholly negative Republican Party .
And can you picture the gentlemanly and always polite Ronald Reagan , endorsing a radio hate - jock slob who crudely mocked a man with Parkinson 's and who now says he wants an American president to fail ? ! "
Schaeffer also criticizes the Religious Right , the very movement , that he helped to found , for being anti-American by hoping the country fails " in order to prove they were right about America 's ' moral decline . ' "
In his interview with Hughley , Schaeffer added his voice to the din that has risen up in the last few weeks to criticize Rush Limbaugh .
" I think when you look at a guy like Rush Limbaugh today , what you 're seeing is the lid off .
This is the raw , naked true face of where Republicanism is .
And be my guest , if people want to vote for that , fine , " Schaeffer said .
" We just had eight years of this that drove us over the cliff and you want to keep going over the clip , fine , But as far as I 'm concerned , the greatest miracle , speaking of God because I 'm still a religious person , that has happened in any lifetime , is the election of Barack Obama . "
Schaeffer told Hughley that the " educated class " has left the Republican Party .
" Either the elected people fall into one of those two categories .
Either they are pandering to the religious right -- I do n't know what they believe , of course .
I can't get into their head .
They are pandering to the religion out right or they are pandering to the neocons to whom every war is a good war .
And there is very little room in between . "
" Today you have about 20 million people who buy all of Ann Coulter 's books , watch Rush Limbaugh .
Send money into the televangelists .
It 's all the same people , " explained Schaeffer , adding , " It 's not a big percentage .
It 's just a loud percentage .
This is the drunk on the subway making trouble in the car for all of the people on the subway .
There are 100 decent citizens on there , there is one ass in the front that 's molesting women .
That 's the Republican Party now in terms of the loud car . "
CNN has the full transcript here .
This video is from CNN's D.L Hughley Breaks the News , broadcast Mar. 8 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
{image1}
If you have n't been there yet , summer is the time to visit the Bong State Recreation Area in Kansasville .
This oasis of nature is just 30 minutes from Milwaukee , about nine miles west of Interstate - 94 in Kenosha County .
Named after Richard Ira Bong , a World War II ace born in Wisconsin , the Bong Rec Area is the result of a 1950s Air Force base project .
When that plan was abandoned ( after a mere $ 29 million in taxes were squandered ) , the land became a park and school forests .
In 1974 , 4,500 acres were designated as the state 's first recreation area .
This rec area provides facilities and activities not normally found in state parks , such as dog training , hot air ballooning , ATV and dirt bike riding , hang gliding , model rocket launching , falconry , model airplane flying , hunting , trapping and fishing .
Visitors can also hike , swim , ride horses , study nature , snowmobile , cross -country ski , camp and more .
There are five big picnic areas in the park , 217 family campsites ( 53 are electric - equipped ) and a 300 - foot sand beach .
However , only about 6 percent of Bong 's area is developed .
The rest is maintained for fish and game conservation and management , including research , study and prairie restoration .
And the prairie lands are what makes Bong so beautiful .
Tall grasses and weeds leap to the horizon , where they meet an expansive sky .
Hikers in southeastern Wisconsin will be hard - pressed to find a more alluring prairie .
And , even better , pets are allowed on the hiking trails ( but not on nature trails , the beach or the manicured picnic areas ) .
Carefully maintained , the hiking ( and skiing ) paths are approximately 8 - foot wide swaths mowed through the prairie .
With a fairly even grade , they are easy to navigate .
The trails that circle Wolf Lake offer diversions down to the water that offer stunning vistas .
The park is a treasure trove for ornithologists and bird watchers .
A list of birds that can be found here is available at the park office .
At night , stargazers value the park 's pitch darkness .
Naturalists will love the trails , guided hikes and programs that are offered year - ' round .
There are 13 miles of trails for horseback riding and a 7.1 - mile , three loop ATV / dirt bike trail system .
Anglers can fish Northern Pike , Walleye , Largemouth Bass and panfish from Wolf Lake , which has a pier .
Boaters may use electric motors but no gas .
There is also a small pond near the trailhead parking lot that is stocked with trout .
A Wisconsin fishing license and trout stamp are required .
One of the few remnants of the Air Force base that was never completed serves the more daring park users .
A 2.5 - mile gravel runway serves hang gliders .
Bong Recreation Area is located at 26313 Burlington Road , Kansasville 53139 .
Enter off Highway 142 , one mile west of Highway 75 .
Call the office at ( 262 ) 878-5600 .
Quiet time is 10 p.m. - 6 a.m.
Only registered campers are allowed in the park after 11 p.m .
Park admission is $ 5 per vehicle per day or $ 20 for an annual sticker for Wisconsin residents .
Non residents pay $ 10 a day or $ 30 for the year .
Campsites range from $ 10 for residents and $ 12 for non-residents .
TONY JONES : Good evening and welcome to Q&A , as you can hear , coming to you live from Melbourne .
Facing your questions tonight , the Minister for Communications , Senator Stephen Conroy ; the head of Melbourne University Press , Louise Adler ; Monash University academic Susan Carland ; controversial newspaper columnist Andrew Bolt ; and the Shadow Minister for Climate Change , Environment and Water , Greg Hunt .
Please welcome our panel .
Well , for the start of the footy season and the Formula 1 this weekend , it 's an enormous week for Melbourne , not least because Q&A is here for the very first time .
We 've been inundated with questions but we 're ready to take more .
Q&A is live from 9.30 eastern summer time .
You can send your questions on the web at abc.net.au / qanda or by SMS at 197 55 222 .
Well , Q&A viewers will know that our guests attract questions on their special areas of influence and expertise : greenhouse questions for the Climate Minister ; economic questions for the Treasurer ; but we 've never seen anything like the avalanche that Stephen Conroy has generated .
Let me show you .
Stephen Conroy , that is half of them .
We could n't print them up .
We used too much paper , with more than 2000 people sending web and video questions about the government 's proposals to censor and filter the internet .
Our studio audience is also keen to quiz the Minister on this subject , so let 's start with the very first question , and it's from Stephen Davies .
STEPHEN DAVIES :
Why is the federal government planning on imposing a compulsory , secret and flawed internet filtering scheme on us , when everyone else agrees it wo n't actually do what it was supposedly designed to do and block child porn ?
Is banning a lengthy list of other fringe websites really what it takes to get Steve Fielding on side ?
TONY JONES : Now , before we go to the Minister on that question , I want to hear from our other panellists .
It is tonight 's hottest topic .
Let 's start with Louise Adler .
LOUISE ADLER : Well , I share this young man 's concerns .
I 'm not sure why we need a mandatory filtering service .
I understand that the Howard Government put in place a Net Nanny and , if I understand correctly , only 35,000 families chose to download it so - and I 'm wondering where the anxiety , the moral panic around what we see , how we chose what we view and where that comes from - and what you 're responding to .
I mean , frankly , maybe I 'm a , you know , sort of woman of a certain age but , you know , all I get is Svetlana from Florida sort of begging me to look at her photos and I really fail --
STEPHEN CONROY : I thought it was just me .
LOUISE ADLER : No .
Or penis extensions .
And you know , I - neither are particularly relevant and I sort of think so I 'm able to manage my own relationship to the internet pretty successfully .
I 'm not inundated with this material and I think if we 're concerned about paedophilia then we should be looking to the causes of paedophilia and that 's what we should be talking about .
Instead we seem to me to be exercised - or you seem to be preoccupied by the pipes by which this material is distributed , so that 's my problem , I guess , in the first instance .
TONY JONES : Hold on , Stephen Conroy .
Andrew Bolt , let 's hear from you .
Where do you stand on this attempt to censor the internet ?
ANDREW BOLT : Well , I think a lot of people are getting very worried about something that has n't actually been decided or rolled out .
I think it 's incredible and it's not as if there 's only one right at stake , which is the right to masturbate over photos of children being raped .
I mean , that 's not the only right at stake here .
There 's another right , and that 's the right to protect children , and I think it all comes down to how does it actually work in practice .
And if it does , indeed , do what some of these people are getting hyper about , you know , slow internet speeds by 87 per cent or stop people from looking at legitimate political sites , I 'm sure I would bet my bottom dollar that Steve wo n't approve it .
TONY JONES : Susan Carland ?
SUSAN CARLAND : Well , it 's funny , the only emails I seem to get is from Nigerian princes trying to give me money , so I guess maybe the filter 's not going to do me any favours .
I 'm actually the mother of two small children , one of whom is a five year old daughter who loves to use the internet .
But I have concerns about the - what seems to be coming out .
However the biggest issue I have is that we do n't have a lot of information about it .
We 're not actually sure what is the criteria that is being used to judge how you will ban websites and who 's going to be doing the judging .
So from what we understand from the wikileaks and the list that ACMA seem to be providing , there has been instances of seemingly benign websites that have been blocked , like the Queensland dentist , so I guess I 'd be reassured if I could hear what the criteria will be used and how that will be judged and who will be implementing that .
TONY JONES : Greg Hunt .
GREG HUNT : Well , I guess I feel a little jealous .
I had thought that Svetlana was only dealing with me , so that 's a disappointment .
But the two serious points I 'd make are this : firstly , you have to deal with the pornographers .
If you 've got people who are engaged in child pornography , that is a deep and serious problem , and my view is that we need to increase the resources for tracking down the people who will spam the pornography , be engaged in the pornography , increase the penalties and the resources for dealing with those who are acting illegally .
But as to monitoring at home , that starts with mum and dad .
That starts with the families ; the father of a young child .
You know , you cannot abrogate that responsibility .
So my view is tough on those who breach the laws .
Make it doubly tough laws but , secondly , I would also put in place the opportunity to help mums and dads with net alerts and other things .
Stephen might say not enough took it up , but banning - but having a blanket closure of a very large portion of the internet does n't appear as if that 's going to be effective .
TONY JONES : Stephen Conroy , is that what you 're proposing to do and , as the original questioner implied , is the compulsory filter flawed , secretive and doomed to failure ?
STEPHEN CONROY :
Well , look , there 's probably three or four different aspects .
If I could separate out the technology argument , firstly , from the issue around what should or should n't be blocked .
The trial is to establish what is possible .
In the past there 's been a number of trials into this area and they 've found , as has been much publicised , and it was a report done by the previous government , that depending on which type of filter technology you used , a number of years ago , you could slow the internet down by anywhere between three per cent and 87 per cent .
So that 's where the famous 87 per cent figure comes from .
So if you sat down and went , " What way could I set out to completely destroy the net ? " you 'd pick the 87 per cent .
Now , common sense says you wo n't do that , but a political campaign is a political campaign , so truth is often the first casualty in these sorts of things .
Now , the great part about Moore 's Law is that the capacity of technology doubles every two years , so technology has improved significantly since the last trial .
So we 're not afraid to have a trial to find out .
A lot of people seem to be afraid to have a trial to see whether or not technology has advance sufficiently .
We 'll be guided by that trial .
We 've always said , consistently , we 'll be guided by the trial .
On the issue which a lot of people are getting very concerned about , about what we 're going to block , I think , and I think Greg would agree with this , that there is a compelling argument to deal with refused classification material .
That 's material like websites that promote incest ; websites that promote rape ; websites that promote child pornography or child abuse , and a lot of people have got confused , thinking we 've already introduced this .
The debate you 're seeing over the last few weeks , and in particular the last week or so , is actually about the existing system that 's been in place for nine years .
The blacklist has existed for nine years and it has n't destroyed the net , it has n't caused mass panic .
The classification board , which classify books and television programs and other published media , are largely responsible for the list and , at the moment , there 's also a process of complaints from individuals .
So an individual can make a complaint about the site and then it can be judged by a bureaucrat at ACMA .
This is the existing system and nothing has changed since Labor came into power and nothing is planned to be changed in the near future .
And what you 're seeing is a process by an ACMA official - that 's the Australian Communications Media Authority .
Apologies for using the acronyms .
But they look at these things and they can also be tested by the classification board - the same people who do the testing on TV , radio and books and magazines now .
TONY JONES : Stephen , let me interrupt you there , because we 've actually got a video comment and a question from Jim Stewart of Melbourne that addresses one of the points about this blacklist .
Let 's hear from him .
JIM STEWART : Senator Conroy , quick question for you .
What makes you think your government can possibly censor the internet , when the whole industry has told you it 's a bit like trying to use chicken wire for a dam or , to give you a quick example of that , wikileaks - this is a search on Google for the word wikileaks over the last month and just for the Australian pages we find that there are 11,200 pages talking about wikileaks in the last month .
Now I 've been on the internet for the last 17 years and I 'd never even heard about wikileaks , the whistle blower site , until last week , until your government blacklisted it .
So , my point is , every time you blacklist one of these sites , you 're going to have thousands and thousands and thousands of other sites talking about it and linking to it .
The only course of action that a government should be taking here is helping its citizens become good digital citizens .
TONY JONES : Okay .
Well , that 's clearly the most technically adept question we 've ever had come in on a video , but you can see what you 're dealing with here .
You 're dealing with very articulate people who seem to know exactly what they 're talking about .
How do you answer the points that he 's making ?
STEPHEN CONROY : The issue of the leaked blacklist .
First of all , the first list that got leaked was not the blacklist .
It contained a whole range of material that was not on the blacklist and people whipped themselves into a lather .
Now , I 'd like to talk about the dentist , because that 's been a good bit of fun this week .
Here 's what happened .
The Russian mob targeted Queensland small businesses last year and what they did was they identified websites that had blank pages underneath the main page and what they would do is they would put some material that would be refused classification on that site , on that one page within that site .
Then they would spam all of the people who would be interested in looking at this material , and we were advised by international agencies that this is what was happening and so it was blocked internationally .
It was never blocked in Australia .
And then it went away .
So the dentist that people say , well , how could you possibly block a dentist : because the Russian mob hacked his site .
Well , not his site directly , but they actually entered into using his web address , so I do n't actually have a problem with wanting to try and combat the Russian mob putting - I 'm not exaggerating - putting material that would be refused classification and then trying to publicise it worldwide .
And to give you an example of the sort of success they can have , they targeted , a while ago , the Czech Astronomy Services and within an hour or two of them sending out their spam , 12 million people had accessed vile child porn that was attached to the Czech Astronomy Site .
So when people want to laugh about how could a dentist end up or a travel service end up here , there are legitimate reasons why the international authorities who are chasing these organisations , and they move around .
So that 's the dentist story .
It 's really as simple as that .
Now , the second list which has appeared appears to be closer .
I do n't actually know what 's on the list but I 'm told by ( indistinct ) at ACMA it appears to be closer to the actual , legitimate list .
Now we ...
TONY JONES : Now , can I just interrupt once again , because there 's a story in the Sydney Morning Herald website today saying that a link containing a series of photographs of young boys by Bill Henson is actually on this blacklist .
Bill Henson : back in the media for reasons of censorship .
Is he on the list ?
STEPHEN CONROY :
The classification board looked at this website and actually said it 's PG and a technical error inside ACMA , I 'm advised - literally a technical error - included it , but it was actually cleared by the classification board , so it should n't have been on the list .
Now , I 've asked ACMA in the last few hours to go through their entire list again to see if there 's any other examples of this and at this stage - and they 're piling their way through it overnight - they found this one site that falls into this category where it 's been misclassified , not by the classification board but by the ACMA technology that they 've been doing .
LOUISE ADLER : Stephen , can I interrupt you ?
I feel completely surprised to be sitting here hearing you use the language - a Labor Minister for Communication using such terminology as blacklists , banned material .
I thought that we shared a value in Australia around free speech , around our democratic capacity to see this material and to think about it ourselves and that all I 'm hearing - the last time I heard about blacklists was Joe McCarthy 's senate hearings , and I feel extremely uncomfortable and disturbed that you are actually , and with great ease , talking about blacklists --
ANDREW BOLT : ( Indistinct )
LOUISE ADLER : Just let me finish .
Just let me finish .
Sorry .
And that you 're really comfortable with secret lists that people can complain , with all of their vested interests and all of their - you know , and lobbying instincts , can come to ACMA , complain and that there 's a secret kind of process so we neither know and have an open discussion about these sites , about the problem for example , of paedophilia .
We do n't have an open debate .
We have a secret process and then you 're going to say , " I 'm going to manage to control the internet .
I 'm going to manage what comes into your home , " and I think your story about the dentist is a paradigmatic story about how you failed to control it .
You failed to control the Russian mob , just like I can't control Svetlana .
TONY JONES : Ok , let 's hear from Andrew Bolt , because he wanted to get in on that discussion , as well .
ANDREW BOLT : Well , just this absolutist thing of their being absolutely a right of free speech untrammelled by any consideration of what it might do to others .
Is that really what you 're arguing ?
LOUISE ADLER : Absolutely .
I want to argue against paedophilia in the public sphere .
ANDREW BOLT : So anyone - anyone ...
LOUISE ADLER : I think it 's reprehensible and I think we should argue those ideas in a public sphere .
ANDREW BOLT : Look , I did n't - you told me not to interrupt you .
Please .
LOUISE ADLER : You 're quite right .
ANDREW BOLT : So , I 'm just trying to establish ...
LOUISE ADLER : Once .
ANDREW BOLT : ... should anyone be able to watch and publish and distribute anything at all they like ?
Anything at all .
Like , I do n't know , a father having sex with his children .
Fritzl , the guy in Austria , videos of him having sex with his daughter .
Anything like that , you think there should be absolutely no barrier .
Jihadist material .
Anything .
LOUISE ADLER : Will I answer the question ?
TONY JONES : I think you better .
LOUISE ADLER : Well , my view , as a publisher , is that we argue those ideas that there are reprehensible ideas .
What I find reprehensible , you do n't .
What you find unpalatable , I do n't .
I want to fight you in the public sphere .
So I want to fight you on ...
ANDREW BOLT : So was that a yes ?
LOUISE ADLER : That 's absolutely .
ANDREW BOLT : Nothing at all should be banned ?
LOUISE ADLER : May a thousand ideas bloom and let 's contest them , because that 's what tells us that our democracy is robust .
TONY JONES : Okay .
We 've got a couple of people with their hands up in the audience .
ANDREW BOLT : ( Indistinct ) .
TONY JONES : Hang on Andrew .
First of all , this gentleman here who 's got his hand up .
AUDIENCE MEMBER : Andrew you really raise my ire with your comment about jihadists , because that 's my worry .
When does - we do n't see the list .
We do n't know what 's on the list and when do we know what 's going to get added to the list ?
And the next thing is not just kids at Monash getting arrested for reading books , it 's somebody who goes to a - the issue of paedophilia , reprehensible , yeah , we 're in agreement but you just said jihadist .
Now , why can't somebody under the ideas of democracy and freedom of speech visit a jihadist site ?
If it 's racial vilification , if it's an incitement to genocide , there 's issues in Australia , but we 're still talking about freedom of speech --
STEPHEN CONROY : ( Indistinct ) .
AUDIENCE MEMBER : ... and that 's where i worry about the whole issue .
STEPHEN CONROY : Let 's be clear ...
TONY JONES : Okay .
Let 's hear from the Minister .
STEPHEN CONROY : ... the Broadcast Services
Act , under which the blacklist works , has got nothing to do with political content .
You would have to change the Act .
Now , even my harshest critics are not suggesting we 're trying to change the Act .
What they say is , " Ooh , we 're worried about what might happen in the future , " but there is no suggestion , there has never been a suggestion and there will never be a suggestion , as Louise says , from a Labor government that we 're going to look at banning political material .
This is the existing standards by which current newspapers , current TV shows , current radio shows , are judged .
There is no change to the criteria .
Attempts to suggest that what we have been talking about are about political content are simply misleading .
Simply misleading .
Mischievously - mischievously misleading at times .
TONY JONES : Susan Carland , let 's hear from you .
SUSAN CARLAND : Oh , um ...
TONY JONES : Well , you had some concerns earlier on .
SUSAN CARLAND : Mm .
TONY JONES : You 've heard the Minister .
Is he addressing the concerns in what he 's saying ?
SUSAN CARLAND : Well , to an extent .
I 'd still like to know exactly - so you said - is ACMA that body that will be deciding what is appropriate and what is not ?
What is permissible to be seen and what is not ?
STEPHEN CONROY :
At the moment there 's a combined function between the classification board and an ACMA official .
Now , given that we might be moving under the policy to a new situation , I 've actually been saying in the last few days I think we need to make sure that people have confidence about the process .
At the moment there is the classification board and people will sometimes say , " I agree with the decisions they 've made , " or " I disagree with the decisions they 've made . "
But by and large there 's a public confidence that the board makes reasonable decisions .
Not always ones that everyone agrees with .
So I 'm keen to make sure people have confidence that as we move to a new scenario that the classification board continues to have the paramount role , and I 'm happy to make sure and discuss ideas about making sure that an ACMA official , who I do n't know the name of , just in case anyone 's worried I 'm phoning them and saying , " Hey , put Andrew Bolt on the blacklist . "
AUDIENCE MEMBER : Yeah .
ANDREW BOLT : ( Indistinct ) .
STEPHEN CONROY : I 'm sure - so I think it would be a very good idea to encourage that sort of change to ensure that people have the confidence that they currently have in the classification board .
I am going to disagree with Louise that everything should be free and I think the Labor government is going to disagree with Louise that it should just be laissez faire .
TONY JONES : Ok .
STEPHEN CONROY : I believe in a civil society and a civil society does not have a wild west laissez faire culture .
TONY JONES : We 've got a lot of people with their hands up .
First of all , I want to go to Timothy Wilson .
TIMOTHY WILSON : Thank you .
Senator , I 've actually viewed the blacklist on wikileaks and I 've - and you 're actually able to click on a lot of the sites on it , and I 've noticed that according to that list , you 've chosen to use the internet filter to block out adult pornography when , in fact , probably the real risk to children , other than child pornography , is innocuous sites such as Facebook and chat rooms ?
STEPHEN CONROY : Look , firstly , as I said , we 've actually not added anything to the list at all .
This is the existing law that 's been in place for nine years and it's a list that they go through every few months and they sweep it to try and take ones that have now become redundant and add new ones on .
So this is the existing one .
We 've added nothing .
This is part of the--
TONY JONES : Can I just leap in and say you 've got to answer the Facebook question , but let me just jump in , though .
What 's going to happen to people who are downloading the wikileaks site and looking at what 's on it , which is effectively banned material , according to you , on a blacklist .
Are you going to try and arrest all those people ?
Are the Commonwealth Police going to be investigating who 's looking at that and looking at their computer and trying to find them ?
STEPHEN CONROY :
The system does n't quite work like that .
They issue take down notices .
If someone tries to publicise it - people can go and look at some material that 's on that list and having a look at it is not a crime .
It 's if you ...
TIMOTHY WILSON :
So what 's the list then ?
( Indistinct )
What is the list ?
Is this a fabrication of wikileaks or is this something that you wanted to do in the future ...
STEPHEN CONROY : No . No .
As I said , the first list , which is the one that most people make fun of , is not the list .
The list had 1300 things listed on it .
This had over 2000 .
Now , I do n't know where they got that from .
People have suggested to me that it came from a company that runs a filter and they , themselves , had added material to it themselves as part of their corporate operation but it was not the government list .
It included a dentist ...
TIMOTHY WILSON : Would you publish the list , Senator , so people can actually ...
STEPHEN CONROY : Look ...
TIMOTHY WILSON : Would you actually consider publishing the list ?
STEPHEN CONROY : Look , the whole purpose of the list is to stop access - from people getting access to sites that include pro-rape sites , pro-incest sites , pro-child pornography sites and pro-incest sites .
I mean , seriously , no ...
TIMOTHY WILSON :
But you could filter that Senator and still publish the list so people can't actually access it , but there 's an element of transparency there whereby they can say , well , look , this site has obviously got a bad name to it .
It 's probably not a good site .
STEPHEN CONROY : Publishing ...
TIMOTHY WILSON : But some sites might seem innocuous ...
STEPHEN CONROY : Publishing the list would defeat the purpose of having the list .
This is a genuine conundrum .
This is a genuine conundrum , okay .
The list is there ...
TONY JONES :
It is a genuine conundrum because the list has been published for you ...
STEPHEN CONROY : Yes .
And the list ...
TONY JONES : ... and this is one of the functions of the internet .
STEPHEN CONROY : And the list was published in Denmark ...
TIMOTHY WILSON : Is n't that what Joe McCarthy said ( indistinct ) .
STEPHEN CONROY : ... the Danish list was published , and it does n't mean that you 're going to stop the operation .
If , as you want to take the Louise position , which there should be no list , okay , there should be no list ...
TIMOTHY WILSON : ( Indistinct ) .
STEPHEN CONROY : ... we 're not going to agree .
TIMOTHY WILSON : I did n't say that , Senator , I said ...
LOUISE ADLER : But you want to protect - let 's go back to the central ...
TIMOTHY WILSON : ... publish the list .
LOUISE ADLER : I 'm sorry .
AUDIENCE MEMBER :
How many hard working public servants are going to check this list ?
STEPHEN CONROY :
Well , the censorship - sorry , the classifications board , actually that 's its job .
That 's what it does and I would agree if people said that they should have the sole responsibility and that 's something I 'm happy to work through with ACMA because ACMA have admitted now that there 's at least one mistake that they 've made on the list , at least one out of the 1300 names , and I think that that 's just ...
LOUISE ADLER : There 's a dentist .
There 's a tour operator .
There 's ...
STEPHEN CONROY : No , let 's be clear .
Firstly , you 're again - you 're misquoting .
LOUISE ADLER : There 's the dentist , the tour operator , there 's the anti-abortion site ..
STEPHEN CONROY :
You are misquoting ...
LOUISE ADLER : Highly political .
STEPHEN CONROY : No , I 'm happy to come to the anti-abortion site because people should understand what happened with the anti-abortion site but , again , you 're quoting the dentist and I explained very clearly what happened .
The Russian mob attached material .
TONY JONES : Okay .
All right .
STEPHEN CONROY : No , if I could just finish ....
TONY JONES : No , I want to hear from this side of the - I 'm sorry .
I 'm sorry to interrupt you , but I do want to hear from this side of the table .
First of all Greg Hunt , who has n't had a chance to get in on this conversation .
GREG HUNT : All right , that ....
TONY JONES :
You 're listening to what 's being said here .
I mean , how much of it do you disagree with ?
GREG HUNT : Let me deal firstly with something Louise said .
I do n't think there is an absolute right to publish things which deal with violent crime against vulnerable people .
Call me conservative but it's a deeply important point that you have real crimes which are carried out and we do n't want to encourage that , to promote it , to glorify it .
I 'm happy to live by that .
So to a certain extent there 's an agreement with Stephen .
But what you also hear is that you get the feeling it may not be being handled perfectly at the moment .
There are too many examples that what 's being proposed and what is occurring at the same time ...
STEPHEN CONROY :
This is your list .
This is actually the list you voted for .
GREG HUNT : I 've patiently listened to all that you 've said .
STEPHEN CONROY :
It 's your list .
GREG HUNT :
The really important point here is that we are now about to move from trying to deal with the worst of the worst to a very significant encroachment beyond that and the method is not just about the blacklist but the use of ISPs .
The fact that Australia 's three biggest ISPs have said to the Minister , " Sorry .
Go away .
Not interested " ...
STEPHEN CONROY :
That 's not correct .
GREG HUNT : ... is pretty significant .
STEPHEN CONROY : Optus - Optus ...
TONY JONES : Okay .
I 'm just going to - I 'm sorry .
I 'm going to interrupt both of you there for a moment ...
STEPHEN CONROY : Optus said that they would participate .
TONY JONES : Okay .
I 'm going to interrupt both of you there for a moment because we have another video question .
At least one commentator has called this the greatest assault on free speech in an open society in our country 's history and predicted it will unite left and right .
That would be the libertarian right against the government .
So let 's take a look now at a video comment that 's been submitted by a young high school student with a , I must admit , a flair for theatrics .
JEFFREY WANG : I left my homeland , the People 's Republic , to live in this country of freedom and democracy .
Why then , Senator Conroy , has this land of liberty become so similar to the People 's Republic of China ?
You and your people are destroying the internet , our freedoms and our rights .
We will fight for this .
We will fight this .
We do not forgive .
We do not forget .
Expect Us .
TONY JONES : Okay .
By the way , that little emblem he was wearing on his jacket was Guy Fawkes , which he describes as a symbol of freedom , liberation and rightful rebellion .
Okay .
STEPHEN CONROY : Blowing up the parliament .
TONY JONES :
You can see what 's happening here , though , and by the sort of general kind of tenor of what you 're hearing in the audience .
Are you worried that this is going to lead down the path that you are n't really prepared for , that the Labor government gets accused of basically reigning in basic freedoms .
STEPHEN CONROY :
But that is not what is being proposed .
I mean we believe that there is a compelling argument to block refused classification .
We 've not suggested , and I repeat , it would go against the fundamental tenet of the Labor party to suggest you would block political content , which is the China line and the Saudi Arabia line .
I could n't be more clear or simple or straightforward on that .
So no one is suggesting - no one - that we would go down that path .
We 're looking at technology to see if technology can help replicate what happens in the real world .
As I said , I believe in a civil society .
It is possible to support a blacklist and support free speech , just as it is possible to argue against a black list and not be a child paedophile .
So ...
LOUISE ADLER : That 's a relief .
STEPHEN CONROY : ... we are not , for a moment , suggesting that we are going down the path that people just keep claiming .
It 's actually not what is being proposed and Greg suggested that , no it - I just need to respond quickly to Greg .
Optus , the second largest ISP in the country , has said it will participate .
The fourth largest is participating and a number of others will be participating and , again , Greg tried to just slide in , " Oh , look , it 's going to be a much broader list . "
Refused classification .
Material that you can't view and distribute today is what I am talking about .
And parents be given an option that they can then chose what level of controls they want .
To give you an example , there 's an ISP called Webshield at the moment that provide parents with a menu of items that they think their children should not see .
And I do n't think there 's anything wrong with giving parents that choice and I do n't think there 's anything intrinsically anti-free speech in saying refused classification material should n't be available .
TONY JONES : Okay .
Let 's hear from one more person in the audience , then we 're going to have to move on to other subjects .
AUDIENCE MEMBER : Senator Conroy , do n't you realise that 1984 was supposed to be a warning , not an instruction manual ?
STEPHEN CONROY : Well , as I said , we are not considering , suggesting or implying or imputing that we will be blocking political speech .
AUDIENCE MEMBER : Once the ...
STEPHEN CONROY :
We are talking about material that is currently blocked .
We are talking about material that the classification board currently make judgments on .
That is what is the current Act .
And you may have only just discovered the blacklist existed in the last few weeks or the last few months .
It 's been there for nine years .
AUDIENCE MEMBER : I know that .
STEPHEN CONROY :
It was introduced by Greg and his party .
He actually probably has forgotten but he voted for it .
ANDREW BOLT : ( Indistinct ) .
TONY JONES : Yes , go on .
ANDREW BOLT : Yeah .
I 'm shocked by the lack of moral seriousness here , even by people that are claiming to speak for the most fundamentals principals of free speech .
And the lack of seriousness to me is demonstrated by the fact that three people on this panel have posited this in terms of , well , I would n't do this or I would n't do this or I would n't do that or if it does n't affect me and most of the people here are talking in the same sort of way it seems , or the people objecting .
I think you only need to look at your newspapers almost any week now , whether it 's news from Austria or news of cases in Adelaide or one in Sydney I can think of or some of the appalling conditions that we see in some other towns , to know that there are people for whom you have very little in common that do not , as Greg suggested , oh , well , we 'll leave it to the parents .
You can not trust these parents .
They are in charge of children who are deeply vulnerable and to think that somehow we can all just pretend there 's no threat or we can just wave it all away - it 's all about free speech .
Let them do what they like .
There are some horrible things going out there .
Horrible things .
And if we do n't take an action to say , oh , well , look , we should n't do this because there are other ways of tackling the problem , so it 's just like saying we should n't decriminalise guns because people could be stabbed .
We 've got to try everything and if you do n't acknowledge at the very basis that this is not just about one principle , of free speech , it is about at least , as a minimum , two - it's also about protection , otherwise people would n't be doing it .
You 're not being morally serious .
TONY JONES : Okay .
Susan Carland wanted to come in and we 're going to wrap up this discussion after I hear from you .
SUSAN CARLAND : Believe it or not , and I 'm sure we 're both shocked actually , I agree with quite a lot of what you said .
ANDREW BOLT : Why should we be shocked ?
SUSAN CARLAND : Well ...
ANDREW BOLT : Why should we be shocked ?
SUSAN CARLAND : Well , you and I ... anyway .
But what I did ...
ANDREW BOLT : I thought you were a moral person .
Why should we be shocked ?
SUSAN CARLAND : Then that 's good .
But what I did want to say , though , is , and like anyone I abhor incest , rape , child pornography , all that sort of thing .
I guess the only thing I would ask , and I 'm sure - I guess what I would ask is would it , in fact , be more productive to preventing child pornography to , in fact , leave the sites there but watch them and use them as a net ?
This has happened internationally .
Internationally prime tasks have worked together .
They 've watched these sites and have n't released that they 're watching them and they 've used these to catch the perpetrators and the people that are trying to watch them .
The reality is the stuff is out there anyway .
Even if we block it , it will exist .
It will go underground .
It can be shared on , you know , network sharing and those sort of sites .
Could it be better in the interests of stopping child porn - could it actually be better to use it to catch them .
TONY JONES : Okay .
A quick response to that .
STEPHEN CONROY :
This is one of a range of policies .
Two days ago the Queensland Police , believe it or not , using technology , cracked peer to peer and they 've arrested , in the last few days , a range of people involved in a child paedophile ring .
So this is not a police designed to deal with peer to peer .
I mean , I 've heard a few comments from the crowd .
We 're not trying to claim it is .
We never pretended it is .
We accept it can't .
But there is other technology available to the law enforcement agencies that is in place today , cracking peer to peer and arresting people in Queensland two days ago who have been involved in child paedophile rings , so this is not , oh , Steve says it 's a silver bullet .
There 's no silver bullet involved in this .
You need education of parents .
You need more policing .
You need new technologies like have just been deployed by the Queensland Police .
You need all of those things .
This is not a one stop shop , here 's our solution .
We do n't have to worry about it .
Move on .
There is a whole raft of policies that we 're using to try and tackle this problem but we 're not trying to pretend that the filtering solutions is it .
We accept it is one of a raft of policies to try and combat what is a serious problem .
Okay .
We know that passions are there .
We know that people still want to ask questions on this but we are going to have to move on .
You 're watching Q&A and tonight we 're broadcasting live from Melbourne .
Q&A is a program where you get to ask the questions .
So go to our website abc.net.au / qanda .
Our next question comes from within the audience and it's from David Cornish .
DAVID CORNISH : Hi guys .
I 'm contemplating a comparison between Bush 's troop surge in 2007 into Iraq and Obama 's new proposal to put 17,000 troops into Afghanistan .
I 'm just wondering why did Bush 's proposal receive universal bad press in Australia and elsewhere and Obama 's has been met with optimism , and nothing but , from the general public and the media .
TONY JONES : Let 's hear from Andrew Bolt first .
ANDREW BOLT : Well , I think that 's going to change .
I think Afghanistan was always posited by the left as the good war in order to be a contrast to the bad war in Iraq when , in fact , Afghanistan was a war that was begun two years earlier and will last a lot , lot longer .
Iraq has got advantages .
For example , it 's got oil , which enables the country to pay for a standing army that 's three or four times bigger than what Afghanistan , at the moment , can stand for .
So the public sentiment , now that Iraq is almost off the map , will change and Afghanistan will again divide basically left and conservative again I should imagine , which will be a shame , because it 's one of those wars - I 've been to Afghanistan a couple of times and , you know , it is a hard war .
I do n't see an end to it .
It 's the closest parallel to Vietnam .
Iraq was n't .
That was winnable and it's being won , but this is one that 's going to require many , many years and , I 'm afraid , many more Australian deaths before there 's a hope that we can pull out and so I feel really apprehensive about the future for that .
The commitment of the west to Afghanistan , what with the financial crisis and what with Europe not pulling its weight , and I fear for Afghanistan .
TONY JONES : Susan Carland ?
SUSAN CARLAND : I do n't think positive sentiment will last for much longer for Afghanistan ; the little positive sentiment that there is .
I think we 've , you know , troops have been there for seven years .
If anything the situation looks like it 's getting worse .
It 's getting worse for the troops that are there , it 's getting worse for the Afghan people , especially women .
One of the justifications used for going into Afghanistan was that it would improve things for women .
Thing really are n't that much better for women at all and , in fact , in some situations they 're worse .
What is the solution ?
I do n't know .
If any of us knew we probably would have come up with it quite a while ago .
I guess I wonder - the problem is if we pull out , I think the country could implode upon itself as it did around the Soviet situation .
That 's when the Taliban came in .
But to stay does n't seem to be doing many favours to the people or the troops either .
I do n't know what the solution is .
TONY JONES : Let 's hear from Greg Hunt quickly .
GREG HUNT : I think the question with all of these debates is about the costs of action versus the cost of inaction .
In 1993 , I spent time with the United Nations based in Geneva and I was chronicling the abuses that were coming out of Bosnia , and I chronicled stories that I 've lived with ever since and the message for me was you always have to weigh up the costs of action , certainly , but I looked then at the costs of inaction and they were intense and human and on the scale of 200,000 lives that were lost .
My view is that both of these cases now are about big history and trying to give people a sense of hope and future and it has been successful in Iraq .
I know that 's not a popular view , but I think when you look at it now , the average Iraqi would prefer to have that which they have now rather than Saddam Hussein 's regime and I think Afghanistan is harder .
It was always easy to say there 's a good war and a bad war , as Andrew says .
That was a false dichotomy .
They 're both about big history .
Neither is easy .
One has been successful and I think it will be a long haul in Afghanistan but it is the one chance at preventing wholesale bloodshed if we withdraw .
TONY JONES : Stephen Conroy , the government remains committed to the war .
Will it remain committed to the war no matter the cost in troops , in material , in lives ?
STEPHEN CONROY : Look , any death of an Australian troop while they 're on active service to their country is a tragedy and what we 're seeing in Afghanistan is now the end game of a very poorly developed and worked strategy .
We 've been consistently pointing to the failings of the strategy and the policy since we became elected .
The Europeans have failed miserably to deliver on their commitments .
The US have got themselves distracted in another theatre and their only now turning to this .
We believe that if you look at the training camps and the people involved in and around Afghanistan and near the Pakistan border , they are currently training people who are going out there trying to kill Australians on tour in Mumbai , for instance .
There were Australians almost killed and injured in Mumbai .
So to just give up and say we can't win because of the lack of support , particularly from Europe , will perhaps lead to more Australian citizens ultimately being killed .
So this is a really difficult choice , as I think Greg said .
We are committed to try and get the strategy changed .
We 're very pleased that President Obama has actually advocated a change in strategy and we will consider any request on its merits , but it will be treated on its merits .
We are already well committed and in Afghanistan and given the other areas that we 're involved in , it is always hard for a country of our size to be kicking above our weight as we have been in Afghanistan for a while .
It 's time a number of other countries lived up to their commitments that they made a number of years ago .
TONY JONES : Okay .
I 'm just going to take another related question from Andrew Bain .
ANDREW BAIN : I was just curious to know how Susan felt about Sharia law that 's being imposed by the Taliban in Afghanistan and areas of Pakistan , and what does she think about this seemingly barbaric and medieval way of life basically ?
TONY JONES :
It picks up on what you were saying earlier about conditions getting worse for women .
Certainly it 's happening also now in Pakistan .
SUSAN CARLAND : Yes .
I would argue that , you know , obviously I 'm one person speaking my opinion .
I 'm certainly not the Muslim voice for the entire planet , but I would certainly argue that what we are seeing in Afghanistan and in certain parts of Pakistan are not Sharia by any stretch of the imagination .
They are a gross , horrendous , misogynistic reinterpretation of the law to suit their own purposes .
A lot of the practices existed before the Taliban came in and have simply been continued on .
It 's so easy , even for a Muslim lay person like myself , to see what 's going on , for example in the Swat Valley , with girls not being allowed to go to school .
This is clearly against some of the most basic tenets of true Sharia law , so please do n't be mistaken and think what you see happening in Afghanistan and now in certain parts of Pakistan are somehow the authentic Sharia law .
They 're not .
They 're an abomination to me and the vast majority of Muslims around the world .
TONY JONES : I heard agreement over here from Senator Conroy .
Let 's hear from you .
STEPHEN CONROY : Absolutely .
I have many , many Muslim friends and they would absolutely support that .
This is not a true and fair representation of Islam .
It does not support - the teachings of the Qur'an do not support the interpretation that is being put in place in some parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
I can't agree strongly enough with that .
ANDREW BOLT : No , but it's all very well for two caucasians here to agree what it should be - someone who was born Christian and someone who is Christian - to say what the Muslim law should be but , in fact , Sharia law - these people say it is Sharia law and they would look at you and laugh and say " What right do you have or you have to tell us that it 's not ? "
So it 's all very well for us to say , and I 'm glad - I think we should argue about there being a new interpretation of Islam compatible with this society .
That 's great .
But let 's not start pretending that that 's not Sharia law .
They say it is and that 's enough for you to know .
STEPHEN CONROY :
There 's been many ...
TONY JONES : Louise ...
STEPHEN CONROY :
There 's many different - sorry .
TONY JONES : Go .
STEPHEN CONROY :
There 's been many different interpretations of Christianity , some quite barbarically implemented .
ANDREW BOLT : Sure .
STEPHEN CONROY :
So let 's not pretend that just because someone stands up and says , " I'm the true Christian , " that that was a genuine interpretation supported by the vast majority , and that is , I think , the only point that 's being made .
The vast majority do not agree with this interpretation .
They overwhelmingly do not agree with this interpretation .
ANDREW BOLT : That 's true , otherwise Indonesia would n't be as it is .
But I 'm saying in these areas where it applies , I 'm not sure what we gain by insisting that they 're the heathens , really .
SUSAN CARLAND : No , but what we gain is by not managing to demonise the entire Muslim population , which I think is quite important .
ANDREW BOLT : No . I agree .
I agree .
TONY JONES : I 'll just interrupt you there , because we actually do have a question from Ray Wang .
Where 's Ray Wang ?
Down here .
RAY WANG : My question is actually to Susan .
I 'm sorry if I 'm going to make you uncomfortable .
Almost all my friends , or nine out of 10 , they do n't really have a positive perception of Muslim .
It 's always linked to hatred or violence in the Middle East or discrimination against women or other religions , and I know that 's just not right but - I suppose my question is , because my friends come from all kind of background , race , age or even religions , but for some reason they have very similar perceptions about that .
So I suppose my question is : do you think or do you agree this is a common perception in our society ?
SUSAN CARLAND : I think it is a common perception and I think there have been studies that suggest that there is a negative perception about Muslims in society , and that 's something that we have to work on as a collective .
I do n't think it 's the sole responsibility of Muslims in Australia or non-Muslims .
The easiest way for that to change is for your friends to actually get to know some Muslims and speak to them as human people and move away from , you know , McDonalds ' journalism and that sort of thing , and taking their reports from certain newspapers and certain shows .
And when that happens and they actually speak to their Muslim neighbour over the fence or the Muslim guy that works in the milk bar and realise , actually , you 're just normal people like us - we need to keep in mind , Muslims are not the first people to be seen like this .
It 's actually happened in waves .
If we take Australia as the example , for a while it was this cultural community that was , you know , demonised .
The Italians , the Greeks , then it was the Vietnamese .
Oh , my gosh , they 're all drug - they 're all in a drug triad and they 're all out to kill us and all those sort of things .
It 's just the Muslims turn now .
It 's a pity that , as Australians , we have n't learnt that , you know , once we get to know each other it 's okay , and then we move on to the next group that we 're worried about .
I hope that it would finish with Muslims .
It 's just , I think , if we can have some human interaction , a lot of those fears and misconceptions can change .
ANDREW BOLT : Susan , can I just point out when my father came here from Europe as a migrant and then he started teaching immigrants like the Italians and Greeks , I think you 're wrong .
The suspicion that you say was - this is just what we 're seeing a similar version of what those immigrants faced - I think it 's completely wrong .
That 's ahistorical .
It 's not my experience of it .
I 'd also point out there are , in fact , more Buddhists in Australian than there are Muslims and we do n't hear anything about that .
We do n't invite Buddhists onto this panel - or Tony does n't invite Buddhists onto this panel to ...
MALE SPEAKER : Next week .
ANDREW BOLT : He 's invited you and your husband and , you know , Miss Australia and people like that , but he does n't do it with Buddhists .
There 's specifically something in the community itself , as well , and I think , to be honest , you mentioned this yourself in an interview with the Malaysian Star Newspaper only a couple of years ago , where you said within the community , being a new convert from Christianity , you face the calls , from within the community , you should n't do this and you should n't do that and you should n't make friends with people who were n't Muslim and you should withdraw from society and everything that was haram and you said this was a problem for you and I think that 's an acknowledgement there is , in fact , a problem within the Muslim community , a rejectionist strand , which is what makes this different .
And I hate to be blunt , I hate to foster - you know , have all these people jeering ...
SUSAN CARLAND : No , you do n't .
No , you do n't .
TONY JONES : Okay .
ANDREW BOLT : Yes , I do .
I do .
I 'd rather you agreed with me .
TONY JONES : Quick responses .
SUSAN CARLAND :
The quick response would be absolutely there are people , a very small minority of people , within the Muslim community that are reluctant to engage with the wider community , but this is more ...
ANDREW BOLT : You put it as a majority in this interview and , excuse me , I just read it again .
SUSAN CARLAND : I said the majority of Muslims reject friendships with ... well , I 'm afraid that that ...
ANDREW BOLT : You did .
SUSAN CARLAND : Well , I 'm afraid that 's just not correct .
ANDREW BOLT : Well , you said it there and you ...
SUSAN CARLAND : Maybe your translation from the Malay is not ...
ANDREW BOLT : It was an English language newspaper .
GREG HUNT : Can I put a different perspective on this .
TONY JONES : Yes .
Yes .
GREG HUNT : Just very briefly .
I think we 're kidding ourselves if we think Australia is racked by any of the real strands of discord that you have in other countries .
Of all the countries in the world , the Muslim / Christian divide here is nothing and that 's the reality .
When you travel in other parts of the world , it 's nothing .
The reason why there is a reflection , I do n't think is about much to do with what happens here .
Sure you get the odd person who does something silly but you see globally there 's this fight from the harvest , from the militant stream , to take out one of the big Islamic societies .
There 's this fracture within Islam , whether it 's Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Indonesia - they 're all the objectives of the harvest .
That 's why there 's a global battle going on to deal with the source of that in Afghanistan and that 's why some of that gets played back in Australia but it's a pretty safe society .
TONY JONES : Look , some of our audience has had their hands up for a while .
I 'll just take this gentleman down the front here .
AUDIENCE MEMBER : Just a comment for Andrew from a non-caucasian .
I am a Muslim and I 'm trying to practice .
I sometimes pray and I sometimes fast and I occasionally drink alcohol .
So we are talking about a very wide - we are talking about one billion people .
We can't generalise like that .
And , again , just a comment that the whole - this gentleman as well .
The whole Taliban was created by Americans to oppose Russian .
I mean that was the whole start of the story which built up to this issue .
Of course , we should take responsibility .
I agree with that and we should basically clarify that what is there basically that understanding that ( indistinct ) from Qur'an but we can't just generalise like that and please do n't do that .
ANDREW BOLT : I 'm not generalising .
AUDIENCE MEMBER :
You have the tool in the newspaper and that 's your responsibility ...
ANDREW BOLT : I 've already said ...
AUDIENCE MEMBER : ... so please help .
ANDREW BOLT : I 've already said , for example - I 've already said that Indonesia , for example , is a standing reproof to the idea that there is a common jihadist element .
I mean there are jihadist elements in Indonesia , but it 's fundamentally a democracy .
TONY JONES : Andrew , I 'm going to have to get you to wrap up , because we need to move on to another subject .
Okay .
I 'll take that mostly as a comment from you .
Thank you very much .
Now , remember that you can send your questions via email , video or join the studio audience and ask them yourself .
So go to our website , the address is on the screen , to find out how .
And we have another video question now from Rod Campbell - Ross of Wentworth Falls in New South Wales .
ROD CAMPBELL -ROSS : Striking testimony has emerged from Israeli soldiers involved in the recent Gaza war , in which they describe shooting unarmed civilians , sometimes under orders from their officers .
One soldier described how an Israeli sniper shot dead a Palestinian mother and her children , adding that troops believed Palestinian lives were " very , very , less important than the lives of our soldiers . "
What is the panel 's view of these reports ?
TONY JONES : Louise Adler ?
LOUISE ADLER : Well , I think they are devastating and testimonies and I think it 's quite interesting that those testimonies were delivered in the context of returning Gazan - soldiers from Gaza to new recruits in a military college called Oranim in Israel .
So it 's quite interesting the context in which those testimonies were delivered .
They were then published by Ha'Aretz .
TONY JONES : Not publicly originally .
LOUISE ADLER : No , they were n't .
They were n't published originally .
They were n't disseminated originally but they were then published by Ha'Aretz , a very good Israeli newspaper .
I think they 're devastating reports and they speak to the dehumanising kind of atmosphere that I think we get from years of occupation .
And the dehumanisation is on both sides .
It 's been a devastating occupation and I think that ordinary Israelis and ordinary Palestinians are feeling the corrosive effects - morally corrosive , socially corrosive effects - of the occupation .
So they are symptoms , if you like , of people , 18 year old children , being sent to monitor , man checkpoints , go into Gaza , and those kids are then - how on earth is one to empathise ?
How on earth is one to feel a sense of humanity in relation to those people that you 're meant to protect and control and repress from your society ?
So I think it 's a very tragic situation we have .
I think we need a political solution .
All we seem to have are military solutions on both sides .
TONY JONES : Stephen Conroy , were you shocked by these accounts ?
They were actually followed up by a series of reports in the Guardian , which included reports about a tax on hospitals and particularly a tax on ambulance men , where a lot of ambulance men and people carrying stretchers during the conflict appear to have been targeted and killed ?
STEPHEN CONROY : No , look , we support there being an investigation of any claims along these lines .
It 's a very complex situation .
We 've always supported a two state solution and it's disappointing that that seems to have receded , the chances of that , in the last few years but if there are issues that , as described , are true , then there needs to be a proper and full investigation of them .
TONY JONES : Susan Carland ?
SUSAN CARLAND : I agree .
I think obviously these images , these words , the t- shirts are horrendous and very distressing but , honestly , they 're not surprising .
I think we 're seeing ugly things like that coming from both sides .
It 's a really ugly situation and the t- shirts and the comments are simply a manifestation of exactly what 's going on over there .
TONY JONES :
What t- shirts and comments are you referring to ?
SUSAN CARLAND : Sorry , the t- shirts - some t- shirts have come out in the media that a small minority of Israeli soldiers are wearing , for example showing pregnant Palestinian women saying , " One bullet to kill . "
That sort of thing .
ANDREW BOLT : A pregnant Palestinian woman who 's a suicide bomber .
I do n't apologise for the shirts , I 'm just pointing out the full picture is a suicide bomber who 's pregnant and that 's got that .
LOUISE ADLER : Or a picture of a Palestinian baby with " Better use Durex . "
Do you think that 's the kind of moral ...
ANDREW BOLT : I do n't .
No . No .
LOUISE ADLER :
We talk about a civil society , a moral society ...
ANDREW BOLT : I think .
LOUISE ADLER : ... do we think the effects of this occupation have been ...
ANDREW BOLT : Louise ...
LOUISE ADLER : ... good for either society ?
ANDREW BOLT : No , I do n't .
And I think in a confrontation like this , bad things are done by individuals on both sides and the test of a civil society is how they respond to them .
Now , two years ago , for the first time , more Palestinians were murdered by Hamas and Fatah security forces than by Israelis and the thing is , Israel is having an inquiry into this .
There 's no inquiry onto the other side .
None .
They shoot innocents as a matter of course .
Now , you mention this mother with two children who was shot dead .
I 'm appalled , right .
And that should be investigated .
But in all things we need to look at all sides of the argument .
The case is n't that , as suggested , that a soldier just went bang , bang .
" Good .
That 's a woman and two children dead . "
It was a house being kept secure in a conflict environment .
An officer told the mother and the two children , " Go to the right , " and she went to the left .
LOUISE ADLER : And she went by mistake to the right .
ANDREW BOLT : She went to the left .
LOUISE ADLER : Or to the left .
ANDREW BOLT : And the sniper had n't been told and he shot them .
That is terrible , but this ...
TONY JONES : Unfortunately , can I just interrupt this , because the further reporting of that indicated that the same soldiers were subsequently told to treat all Palestinians as terrorists .
ANDREW BOLT : Well , let 's see what the - look , there are so many allegations made that we need to first see what the facts are , then let 's condemn .
For example , on the ( indistinct ) front ...
TONY JONES : I 'm simply - I 'm just following up ...
ANDREW BOLT : Sure .
But see ...
TONY JONES :
You mentioned part of that story .
I 've just filling the rest of it .
ANDREW BOLT : I know .
Yeah , look , Tony , as you know there are so many allegations made against Israel and then treated as fact , like the Jenin Massacre .
You remember that .
You know the bombed ambulance .
You remember that .
And again and again - the bombed school in the last offensive .
LOUISE ADLER : But Andrew .
Andrew ...
ANDREW BOLT : You remember that .
And then we later find out the facts are slightly different .
Let 's wait for the facts .
LOUISE ADLER : But Andrew when there are testimonies from soldiers coming back , young soldiers who themselves feel deeply disturbed by what went on , we all have to attend to that .
If we 're talking about ...
ANDREW BOLT : Of course .
LOUISE ADLER : ... moral seriousness as you wanted to before , we need to attend to that .
ANDREW BOLT : Of course .
SUSAN CARLAND : And I agree that we should n't condemn before we investigate but I also think , again from both sides , we should not try to defend the indefensible .
ANDREW BOLT : No , I do n't defend the indefensible things .
Why would I ?
TONY JONES : Greg Hunt .
GREG HUNT : The rule of law has to apply universally .
No excuses .
We can't hid behind either an ideology or a country so Israeli , Palestinian , Hamas , Fatah , IDF , all of them should be subject to the rule of law and that means if there are cases to answer , answer them .
Having said that , on the other side there is one very important thing to understand and that is there is no doubt that human shields have been used intentionally to draw fire so no excuse and there should be full investigation if there are acts which are simply unacceptable but , similarly , we must hold those people to account who would use human shields in order to make their own point .
TONY JONES : Yes .
Human shields , you were saying , used by the Israelis ?
LOUISE ADLER : He 's talking about Hamas .
GREG HUNT : No , I was thinking in that , Hamas .
TONY JONES : Because the allegation of the Guardian was precisely the opposite .
Human shields used by Israeli soldiers .
( Indistinct )
GREG HUNT : The action by either is equally culpable .
TONY JONES : Okay .
Well , look , I 'm sorry that that is all we have time for tonight .
Please thank our panellists , Stephen Conroy , Louise Adler , Susan Carland , Andrew Bolt and Greg Hunt .
And please thank and congratulate yourselves , our wonderful audience from Melbourne .
Join us next week - okay .
All right .
That 's enough .
Join us next week when our panel will be the Housing Minister Tanya Plibersek , the Shadow Attorney - General George Brandis , academic Dennis Altman , economist Satyajit Das and young Liberal Rachel Fry .
Go to our website at abc.net.au / qanda .
Send us your web and video questions and do n't forget we 're still looking for mash - ups .
That is short , satirical videos to show on the program , like this country and western mash for Pauline Hanson by Gerard Hosier of Killara in Sydney .
Good night .
Am 7 . Juni ist Europawahl und die Bundestagswahl steht bald an .
Und vor Wahlen gibt es immer eine große Frage :
Wen soll man wählen ?
Deutsche Medien sprechen – anders als zum Beispiel US - Medien – meistens keine Wahlempfehlung aus .
Wir drehen den Spieß einfach um und sagen : Nicht CDU / CSU wählen !
Dafür gibt es viele gute Gründe .
Da wir ein Blog über Netzpolitik sind , konzentrieren wir uns dabei auf diesen Themenbereich .
Aber wir freuen uns sehr , wenn Ihr den Ball aufnehmt und Eure 10 Punkte ( oder auch weniger ) für Euer Spezialgebiet formuliert und sagt , warum wer unwählbar ist und hierher verlinkt .
1. Die CDU / CSU hat meines Wissens noch nie etwas Vernünftiges im Bereich Netzpolitik gefordert bzw .
durchgesetzt .
Mag sein , dass ich etwas übersehe .
Aber die Unionspolitik setzt fast immer auf die beiden Punkte Angst und Kontrolle .
Das können wir nicht gut finden .
2. „ Datenschutz ist Täterschutz “ : so kann man die Forderungen und Gesetzesinitiativen von CDU / CSU im Bereich Innenpolitik zusammenfassen .
Ständig fordern Politiker der beiden Parteien mehr Überwachung und weniger Datenschutz .
Damit muss Schluss sein !
3 . Im Verhältnis Bürger zu Wirtschaft schlägt sich die Union stets auf die Seite der Wirtschaft .
Zuletzt war dies bei der Debatte rund um das Bundesdatenschutzgesetz zu sehen .
Einzelne progressive Geister in den Fraktionen werden als Exoten gebrandmarkt .
Sie werden nicht gehört , mit Fraktionszwang oder Wahllistendrohungen geknebelt und niedergestimmt .
4. Ursula von der Leyen hat anschaulich gezeigt , wie Netzpolitik bei der Union aussieht .
Wider besseres Wissen und alle Expertise versuchten die Unionsfraktionen , ein völlig untaugliches Zensursula - Gesetz zur Bekämpfung von Kinderpornographie im Internet mit heftigen Nebenwirkungen durchzusetzen .
Einziges Ziel : Populismus .
Niemand hat vor , eine Zensur - Infrastruktur zu errichten ?
5. Niemand in CDU / CSU steht für Netzpolitik oder gar digitale Bürgerrechte .
Zwar leistet man sich eine internetpolitische Sprecherin – aber das wars .
6. Offenheit ist für die Union ein Fremdwort : zu Open Source im Allgemeinen und Freier Software im Besonderen hat sich die Union nie positiv geäußert .
Stattdessen steht sie für Gruppenkuscheln mit Microsoft .
7. Im Political Memory ( dem Abstimmungsgedächtnis ) von La Quadrature du Net zum Telekom - Paket haben die Abgeordneten der konservativen EVP - Fraktion , der die Unionsabgeordneten angehören , am schlechtesten von allen Fraktionen abgeschnitten .
Sie haben konsequent gegen Bürger - und Verbraucherrechte und die Netzneutralität gestimmt .
8. Beim Urheberrecht fungieren CDU / CSU als verlängerter Arm der Rechteinhaber und fordern ständig Verschärfungen .
Die Abgeordnete Ruth Hironymi war eine der lautesten Stimmen im Parlament , die den französischen „ Three Strikes and you ’re out “ - Weg befürwortete .
Sie scheidet zwar jetzt aus , aber es gibt keine Anzeichen , dass sich die Position der Union ändern könnte .
Zumal die französischen Konservativen in der gemeinsamen Fraktion im Europaparlament die radikalen Hardliner sind .
Unser Kulturstaatsminister Neumann von der CDU verkündet aktuell , dass er in der nächsten Legislaturperiode Internetsperrungen einführen will .
Hier könnten wir locker noch mehr Beispiele bringen .
9 . In Bayern besteht die historische Chance , die CSU aus dem Europaparlament hinauszukomplimentieren .
Wenn die Wahlbeteiligung in anderen Bundesländern etwa stabil bleibt und die CSU ein ähnliches Ergebnis wie bei der letzten Landtagswahl erzielt , schafft sie die bundesweite 5 Prozent - Hürde nicht .
Da uns CSUler im EP im Bereich Netzpolitik vor allem als politischer Arm der Softwarepatentelobby aufgefallen sind , würden wir diesen Verlust nicht bedauern .
10 .
Hier und in vielen weiteren Punkten – zum Beispiel beim Killerspielverbot ( E - Sport wie Counterstrike ist „ mit dem Werteverständnis der CDU nicht vereinbar “ – großkalibrige Waffen schon ) – hat die Union unter Beweis gestellt , dass sie sich nicht um die Interessen der Internetgeneration schert .
Sie macht Klientelpolitik für die Alten , Ängstlichen , Ahnungslosen und überholte Geschäftsmodelle .
Leider sind das noch ganz schön viele .
Ob „ Killerspiele “ , Urheberrecht , Internetsperren , Zensursula oder Netzneutralität : diese Union nicht zu wählen , ist definitiv die beste mögliche Wahl .
Wir sagen nicht , was ihr wählen sollt .
Aber das sind unsere Gründe – und was sind Eure ?
Recently icons are used widely in web and interface designs , icons convey the message in simple and effective manner , As a designer its always good to know how to design a icon on your own , there are plenty of icon tutorials out there , here i have filtered and listed 50 of the best icon design tutorials , hope you like this list of tutorials
The Pew Research Center reported last week that President Barack Obama " has the most polarized early job approval of any president " since surveys began tracking this 40 years ago .
The gap between Mr. Obama 's approval rating among Democrats ( 88 % ) and Republicans ( 27 % ) is 61 points .
This " approval gap " is 10 points bigger than George W. Bush 's at this point in his presidency , despite Mr. Bush winning a bitterly contested election .
Part of Mr. Obama 's polarized standing can be attributed to a long - term trend .
University of Missouri political scientist John Petrocik points out that since 1980 , each successive first term president has had more polarized support than his predecessor with the exception of 1989 , when George H.W. Bush enjoyed a modest improvement over Ronald Reagan 's 1981 standing .
But rather than end or ameliorate that trend , Mr. Obama 's actions and rhetoric have accelerated it .
His campaign promised post - partisanship , but since taking office Mr. Obama has frozen Republicans out of the deliberative process , and his response to their suggestions has been a brusque dismissal that " I won . "
Compare this with Mr. Bush 's actions in the aftermath of his election .
Among his first appointments were Democratic judicial nominees who had been blocked by Republicans under President Bill Clinton .
The Bush White House joined with Democratic and Republican leaders to draft education reform legislation .
And Mr. Bush worked with Republican Chuck Grassley to cut a deal with Democrat Max Baucus to win bipartisan passage of a big tax cut in a Senate split 50 - 50 after the 2000 election .
Mr. Obama has hastened the decline of Republican support with petty attacks on his critics and predecessor .
For a person who promised hope and civility in politics , Mr. Obama has shown a borderline obsessiveness in blaming Mr. Bush .
Starting with his inaugural address and continuing through this week 's overseas trip , the new president 's jabs at Mr. Bush have been unceasing , unfair and unhelpful .
They have also diminished Mr. Obama by showing him to be another conventional politician .
Rather than ending " the blame game , " he is personifying it .
Biden Says ' Vote , Vote , Vote '
Democratic nominee Joe Biden says : “ Show up and vote .
You will determine the outcome of this election .
Vote , vote , vote . ”
He spoke at the first presidential debate .
( Source : Bloomberg )
HOWTO prep for migration off of SHA - 1 in OpenPGP
moving in an orderly fashion toward the theater exits ,
Last week at eurocrypt , a small group of researchers announced a fairly serious attack against the SHA - 1 digest algorithm , which is used in many cryptosystems , including OpenPGP .
The general consensus is that we should bedeprecating SHA - 1 where possible with an eye toward abandoning it soon ( one point of reference : US gov't federal agencies have been directed to cease all reliance on SHA - 1 by the end of 2010 , and this directive was issued before the latest results ) .
Since Debian relies heavily on OpenPGP and other cryptographic infrastructure , i'll be blogging about how Debian users can responsibly and carefully migrate toward better digests .
This post focuses on some first steps for users of gpg , and for Debian Developers and Debian Maintainers in particular .
The good news is that gpg and gpg2 both support digest algorithms from the stronger SHA - 2 family : SHA512 , SHA384 , SHA256 , and SHA224 .
By using these stronger digest algorithms some of your signatures may be un-readable by users of older software .
However , gpg and PGP ( a proprietary implementation ) have both had support for at least SHA256 for well over 5 years .
Debian 's gnupg packages have supported the full SHA - 2 family since sarge .
However , most existing signatures in today 's Web of Trust were made over the SHA - 1 digest algorithm , which means that abandoning it immediately would cause the Web of Trust as we know it to evaporate .
So we need to rely on SHA - 1 - based signatures until a reasonably - fleshed - out Web of Trust based on stronger digests is in place .
Since we do n't want to have to rely on SHA - 1 for too much longer , we need to collectively start the transition now .
So what can you do to help facilitate the move away from SHA - 1 ?
I 'll outline three steps that current gpg users can do today , and then i'll walk through how to do each one :
start making data signatures and web - of - trust certifications using stronger digests ,
explicitly state your preferences for stronger digests when receiving private communications , and
If you are currently using a 1024 - bit DSA primary key ( which relies for signatures on a 160 - bit hash , traditionally SHA - 1 ) , transition to a new 2048 - bit RSA key .
Start making data signatures and web - of - trust certifications using stronger digests
The simplest thing that you can do is to start making signatures using stronger digests by default .
Add three lines to the end of your GnuPG configuration : cat >>~/.gnupg/gpg.conf
<< EOF personal - digest - preferences SHA256 cert-digest-algo SHA256 default-preference -list SHA512 SHA384 SHA256 SHA224 AES256 AES192 AES CAST5 ZLIB BZIP2 ZIP Uncompressed EOF
This will cover most messages sent out , including clearsigned messages that are sent to mailing lists , and signatures over Debian packages .
The last line ensures that when you create new keys , the new keys will prefer stronger digests .
Indicate that you prefer stronger digests when receiving signed messages privately Your preferences for the types of digest you wish to receive will be published to the public keyservers , so people who send you signed messages will know that you can ( and prefer to ) accept messages signed by stronger digests .
The example assumes that your OpenPGP key ID is $ KEYID : test@foo : ~ $ gpg -- edit - key $ KEYID gpg ( GnuPG ) 1.4.9 ; Copyright ( C ) 2008 Free Software Foundation , Inc .
This is free software : you are free to change and redistribute it .
There is NO WARRANTY , to the extent permitted by law .
Secret key is available .
pub 2048R / 8A4EA1C3 created : 2009 -05-06 expires : 2010 -05-06 usage : SC trust : ultimate validity : ultimate [ ultimate ] ( 1 ) .
Test User ( DO NOT USE ) < test@example.org >
Command > showpref [ ultimate ] ( 1 ) .
Test User ( DO NOT USE ) < test@example.org >
Cipher : AES256 , AES192 , AES , CAST5 , 3DES Digest : SHA1 , SHA256 , RIPEMD160 Compression : ZLIB , BZIP2 , ZIP , Uncompressed Features : MDC , Keyserver no-modify Command > setpref SHA512 SHA384 SHA256 SHA224 AES256 AES192 AES CAST5 ZLIB BZIP2 ZIP Uncompressed
Set preference list to : Cipher : AES256 , AES192 , AES , CAST5 , 3DES Digest : SHA512 , SHA384 , SHA256 , SHA224 , SHA1 Compression : ZLIB , BZIP2 , ZIP , Uncompressed Features : MDC , Keyserver no-modify Really update the preferences ? ( y/N ) y
You need a passphrase to unlock the secret key for user : " Test User ( DO NOT USE ) < test@example.org > " 2048 - bit RSA key , ID 8A4EA1C3 , created 2009-05- 06 pub 2048R/8A4EA1C3 created : 2009 -05-06 expires : 2010 -05-06 usage : SC trust : ultimate validity : ultimate [ ultimate ] ( 1 ) .
Test User ( DO NOT USE ) < test@example.org >
Command > save test@foo : ~ $
The important command here is the weird , long setpref line — you need to type the whole thing : setpref SHA512 SHA384 SHA256 SHA224 AES256 AES192 AES CAST5 ZLIB BZIP2 ZIP Uncompressed
Note that we 're setting digest , cipher , and compression preferences all at once here .
Note also that gpg displays the implied 3DES cipher and SHA1 digest at the end of your stated preferences even though you did not ask for them .
This is because RFC 4880 requires implementations to support these two algorithms , and gpg is subtly informing you that people might end up using them anyway , even though you are n't asking for them .
Now that the preferences are updated , publish them to the public keyservers so that your correspondents can discover them : test@foo : ~ $ gpg -- keyserver keys.gnupg.net -- send - key $ KEYID gpg : sending key 8A4EA1C3 to hkp server keys.gnupg.net test@foo :~ $ That does it !
Replace your 1024 - bit DSA keys with 2048 - bit RSA keys or larger The Digital Signature Algorithm , in its original form , only allowed maximum 1024 - bit asymmetric keys , and the signature process itself signs a 160 - bit hash , initially officially specified as SHA - 1 .
This means that 1024 - bit DSA keys should be phased out as well .
So if you have a 1024 - bit DSA key as your primary key ( this is the vast majority of Debian Developers : 1675 out of 2243 keys in /usr / share / keyrings / debian - keyring.gpg are DSA - 1024 ) , you should consider creating a new primary key and starting the migration process .
Also , if you are responsible for a DSA - 1024 OpenPGP primary key for a Debian team , role , or archive , please consider something similar to the process below for the Debian - related key as well .
I 'm happy to note that the Debian Archive Automatic Signing Key ( 5.0/lenny ) < ftpmaster@debian.org > has a 4096 - bit RSA primary key , but unfortunately most of our other important infrastructural keys are still 1024 - bit DSA .
A reasonable migration process over the course of 3 months might be : ( day 0 ) Create a new key , using 2048 - bit RSA at least ( gpg appears to be about to change the default key generation to 2048 - bit RSA shortly , if you need more justification ) .
Be sure to configure ~/.gnupg/gpg.conf to use the stronger digest before creating the new key , and set up strong digest preferences on the new key ( see above ) immediately after key creation .
Send the new key to the public keyservers .
Generate a revocation certificate too , and store it in a safe place !
( day 0 ) Sign your new key with your old one ( not the other way around ! ) , and publish the signature .
Write up a transition statement ( here 's an example from an earlier key transition ) , clearsign it with both keys ( old and new ) , and publish it in a stable place .
( day 0 ) Write up or print out the User IDs and fingerprint of your new key on paper to hand out to people .
( day 0 through day 90 ) Collect certifications binding the new key to your User ID to re-establish your connection to the Web of Trust .
Some reasonable ways to do this effectively are local keysigning parties ( e.g. in NYC this coming Friday , 2009 - 05-08 ) ,
debconf ( less than 90 days away ! ) , and
contacting known and trusted friends , pointing them to the transition statement and asking them to reissue their certifications .
( day 0 through day 90 ) Review the set of public certifications you 've made ( keys you 've signed ) with your old key .
For keys you believe to still be active , check with the key owner , and verify that they are still in control of the key .
If they are , consider issuing a new certification with your new key .
If you get a request for new keysignings , use your new key during this period .
( well before day 90 ) Ensure that your new key is in available everywhere you need it to be ( like the Debian keyring ) .
Use your new key in those contexts and make sure it is accepted and acceptable .
( day 90 ) Publish your stored revocation certificate for your old key .
You had a revocation certificate for the old key already , right ?
If not , generate a new one , and publish it .
The first two are simple , quick , and painless actions .
You 'll be done with them in minutes !
The third is tougher , and while you can start it today , key transitions take a little bit of time to complete .
Read on for a HOWTO !
I welcome comments and suggestions about anything i've missed or screwed up here .
The steps above do not complete the removal of SHA - 1 , but ( if most of us take similar action soon ) they lay the groundwork for an orderly and non-disruptive abandonment of SHA - 1 in the future .
The sooner this groundwork is in place , the less susceptible our infrastructure will be to potential compromise by reasonably - well - funded organizations .
That wraps up this set of suggestions .
As i work through other consequences and practicalities around the gradual deprecation of SHA - 1 , i'll post more notes on this blog .
Questions and pointers are welcome !
UPDATE : I 've clarified step 5 of the key transition process above in response to feedback from David Shaw : please make sure the keyholder is still active and in full control of the key before re-issuing certifications .
May 4 , 1932 : Al Capone begins life as convict 40886 in Atlanta Federal Penitentiary serving 11 years for Income Tax Evasion .
Footage from G20 protests gives fresh angle on attack Channel 4 News
The family of Ian Tomlinson face a three - year wait for an inquest into his death , according to legal experts , who say that pressures on the coroners ' system are " frustrating the grieving process " for victims ' relatives .
The claim is likely to dismay critics of the police , who have expressed concerns about how Tomlinson 's death is being investigated .
According to the first post - mortem examination , Tomlinson , a 47 - year - old homeless newspaper vendor with a drink problem , died after suffering a heart attack while caught up in last week 's G20 protests .
Video footage appears to show a riot policeman hitting Tomlinson with a baton and shoving him to the ground .
There are also claims that Tomlinson may have been bitten by a police dog , and that he came into contact with the police on several occasions before the alleged assault was captured on video .
There are concerns that the alleged assault - which took place as Tomlinson was trying to get back to his hostel - may have contributed to his heart attack .
A second post - mortem was carried out on Thursday .
The footage has raised questions about police tactics for dealing with protesters , and in particular the strategy called " kettling " , which involves herding protesters behind cordons .
Boris Johnson , the London mayor , is expected to come under pressure over the broader tactics adopted by the Metropolitan Police during the protests .
Members of the Metropolitan Police Authority are expected to challenge both senior officers and the mayor 's office over what was agreed about handling violence during the summit .
Jenny Jones , a Green member of the London Assembly who has led calls for a review of " kettling " , said that she would join Labour and Liberal Democrat authority members at an informal meeting on 23 April to demand answers .
She said a key question would be what Johnson 's office had known or agreed about confrontation with the protesters .
" I am very curious - because we heard all these phrases [ from the police ] about 'we are going to be up for it ' - to know what the meetings were like with the mayor 's office .
I just wonder if the police were told to keep it calm , " said Jones .
Legal experts said last night that a full independent inquest is unlikely to take place for years .
" From our experience of deaths involving police contact , delays of two to three years are not uncommon , " said Deborah Coles , director of Inquest , the organisation that represents the families of people who die in custody .
" While you want to ensure there is a thorough investigation , a lot of the delays are caused by pressures on the coroners ' system , " Coles said .
" The system simply does not have the ability to cope with the outstanding caseload . "
More than 300 protesters marched in silence through London yesterday to lay flowers at the spot where Tomlinson collapsed .
Paul King , Tomlinson 's stepson , told marchers : " We are hopeful that the IPCC [ Independent Police Complaints Commission ] will fulfil its duty to carry out a full investigation into his death and that action will be taken against any police officer who contributed to his death through his conduct . "
Woman Calls Police 500 Times Over Neighbours Nightclub
From the department of “ man bites dog , ” we bring you the story of a woman apparently using excessive force on police .
She has called 911 “ once or twice every night ” for the past 21 months to complain about noise coming from Neighbours , a gay dance club that has operated on Broadway since the early 1980s .
Her calls began in June 2007 , when she moved into a low - income , partially subsidized apartment building at East Pine Street and Broadway , on the same block as the dance club .
The most recent complaint on record , made at 2 a.m. last Friday night , summoned the police .
The responding officer notes in a report that the woman “ calls nightly to complain about music from this club … .
She is the only person who calls to complain .
She has told officers in the past that she wants to close this club down and will call as many times as it takes to accomplish this . ”
The woman , a 56 - year - old retired nurse who asked not to be named , denies that she is trying to shut down the club .
“ I would call the police once or twice every night , ” she confirms , sitting in her one - bedroom apartment , which looks south onto the roof of Neighbours and toward First Hill .
It smells strongly of her two medium - sized dogs .
“ I ’m an old rock ‘n roll queen from way back when , and if it was just music I was hearing , it would be fine , ” she says .
“ But what we hear is bass and bass only .
And it has been so loud in the past that the windows rattle . ”
She says drunken throngs in the alley are also noisy .
As a solution , the woman proposes that Neighbours close by 2 a.m. ( the dance club is open until 3 a.m. on Thursdays and until 4 a.m. on Fridays and Saturdays ) .
She also thinks club security should usher people in the alley down to Pike Street , away from her building .
The woman acknowledges that police resources are limited , but says that police asked her to call 911 to deal with " noise , prostitutions or drug dealing , " she says .
John Kmetz , who has managed Neighbours ’ sound and lighting system for the past 15 years , says that the club tried to address noise concerns in mid-January by installing sound insulation on the ceiling , covering skylights , and capping the sound system ’s volume .
“ This place has been here for 27 years and she just moved in here , ” he says .
“ I think she should n’t be complaining . "
“ Clearly the noise ordinance is not in effect or else the city would be fining Neighbours $ 1000 a week , ” the woman says .
But the city noise ordinance , which passed in December 2007 , only penalizes bars and clubs amplifying noise that is " plainly audible " from inside nearby buildings .
However , the police report from last Friday says , “ There was not enough noise coming from the club for a violation . ”
The officer adds : “ I could faintly hear the sound of music coming from far off but I could not determine if it was coming from the club .
Passing vehicular and pedestrian traffic was much louder . ”
Lashunda Perez , a resident of the building , says , “ When I moved in , they told me that it gets loud on the weekends .
It ’s not very disturbing to me . ”
Bug Description
I recently installed Kubuntu Jaunty on a new drive , using Ext4 for all my data .
The first time i had this problem was a few days ago when after a power loss ktimetracker 's config file was replaced by a 0 byte version .
No idea if anything else was affected ..
I just noticed ktimetracker right away .
Today , I was experimenting with some BIOS settings that made the system crash right after loading the desktop .
After a clean reboot pretty much any file written to by any application ( during the previous boot ) was 0 bytes .
For example Plasma and some of the KDE core config files were reset .
Also some of my MySQL databases were killed ...
My EXT4 partitions all use the default settings with no performance tweaks .
Barriers on , extents on , ordered data mode ..
I used Ext3 for 2 years and I never had any problems after power losses or system crashes .
Jaunty has all the recent updates except for the kernel that i do n't upgrade because of bug # 315006
ProblemType : Bug
Architecture : amd64
DistroRelease : Ubuntu 9.04
NonfreeKernelMo dules : nvidia
Package : linux - image - 2.6.28 - 4- generic 2.6.28-4.6
ProcCmdLine : root =UUID= 81942248 - db70-46ef - 97df-836006aad3 99 ro rootfstype=ext4 vga=791 all_generic_ide elevator= anticipatory
ProcEnviron :
LANGUAGE=
LANG=en_US.UTF -8
SHELL=/bin/bash
ProcVersionSign ature : Ubuntu 2.6.28-4.6-generic
SourcePackage : linux
Ubuntu 9.04 Jaunty Jackalope does n't show the update icon in the system tray when there are updates available .
This is because the update system was changed in Ubuntu Jaunty :
Ubuntu 9.04 introduces a change to the handling of package updates , launching update - manager directly instead of displaying a notification icon in the GNOME panel .
Users will still be notified of security updates on a daily basis , but for updates that are not security - related , users will only be prompted once a week .
Apr 18 2009
Blog Driven Design
It is time I coined a programming term : Blog Driven Design
Blog Driven Design is discovering code is too verbose to reasonably include in a blog post and is the additional work put into the design to trim it down to a blogable size .
Example
A recent beta of Json.NET added schema support .
While writing the blog post showing the new feature in action I discovered there was no quick way go from a string to a JsonSchema object .
JsonSchema schema ; using ( JsonTextReader reader = new JsonTextReader ( new StringReader ( schemaJson ) ) ) { JsonSchemaBuilder builder = new JsonSchemaBuilder ( new JsonSchemaResolver ( ) ) ; schema = builder .
Build ( reader ) ; }
Yuck .
What looked ok in a unit test is now excessive and ugly .
A short example is a good example in my opinion so the JsonSchema .
Parse ( string ) method was added to hide that work away .
The end result looked like this :
JsonSchema schema = JsonSchema . Parse ( schemaJson ) ;
Not only is the code example in the blog post much smaller and simpler but end users can use the new Parse method as well .
BDD in action !
Behaviour Driven Development watch out , Blog Driven Design is coming for your initials [ :D ]
Mr Matthews said he would give most of the money to charity A Buckinghamshire man diagnosed with terminal cancer is to collect a second winning payout of £ 5,000 after betting he would stay alive .
Jon Matthews , 59 , from Milton Keynes , was diagnosed with mesothelioma , a cancer linked to asbestos , in 2006 and told he had months to live .
He placed two bets , each with a £ 100 stake at odds of 50/1 , that he would be alive in June 2008 and in June 2009 .
A third wager will earn him a further £ 10,000 if he lives until 1 June 2010 .
The widower will collect his second lot of £ 5,000 winnings on Monday .
Never in 30 years in the business have I been so pleased to pay a winning client
Graham Sharpe from William Hill Mr Matthews said : " I think I 'm the first person in the world to bet on my own life .
" When I was diagnosed I was told mesothelioma was a death sentence .
" I was n't that fussed because everyone has to die some time .
" But the interesting thing for me was how long it would take - would it take weeks or years ? "
Mr Matthews said he planned to give away most of his winnings to charities , including the cancer charity Macmillan .
William Hill spokesman Graham Sharpe said : " We had never been asked to accept a bet of this nature before .
" But as Jon approached us directly and was adamant that it would give him an additional incentive to battle his illness , we offered him the bets he wanted .
" Never in 30 years in the business have I been so pleased to pay a winning client £ 10,000 , with , I trust , a further £ 10,000 to come next year . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As we mentioned last week , the Himalayan climbing season is in full swing , and the first teams of mountaineers should be arriving in base camp on Mt. Everest this week .
BC on Everest falls at approximately 17,500 feet , higher than most mountains in the world , but it is only the beginning of the climb that hundreds of people have paid as much as $ 65,000 each , and devoted two months of their spring , not to mention countless hours of training , to attempt .
The first of those numbers is the one that usually gets people to raise their eyebrows .
$ 65,000 is the upper end of the spectrum when it comes to climbing Everest , and it is possible to go for as little as half of that , which is still quite a sum of money of course .
But when you ’re climbing the highest mountain on the planet , do you really want to go on a “ bargain ” rate ?
The money goes to cover the cost of supplies , bottled oxygen , guides , Sherpas , and more .
Once non-climbers get over the sticker shock of how much an Everest climb costs , they then focus on the two months that it takes to complete the task , and they often wonder how come it takes so long .
The two month time line includes when the mountaineer sets off for Kathmandu and continues up until they depart Nepal for home .
Upon arriving in the Napali capital , there is usually a few days spent there acquiring permits and organizing gear , before they fly to Lukla and begin the roughly ten day trek to base camp , or head to Lhasa in Tibet , depending on their chosen climbing route .
There are a number of paths that climbers can take to reach the summit of Everest , and they can vary greatly in difficulty .
The two most popular routes are the North and South Col routes .
The North Col falls in Tibet , and thanks to the borders of that country being shut down for over a month , there are few teams climbing from that side of the mountain this year .
Instead , the vast majority are climbing the South Col route , which is the same one that Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay used back in 1953 when the made the first successful ascent .
No matter which side you climb from however , the approach is similar .
Teams will establish a series of camps at various altitudes on the mountain .
Each time they go up they will build one of these camps , leaving behind supplies that they will need when they make their final summit push .
After the camp is created , they will spend the night there to acclimatize to the altitude , before descending back down to base camp to rest , recuperate , and resupply before repeating the process , going higher on the mountain , until all four of the required camps are complete .
On the South Side of the mountain , Camp I is located at 19,900 feet .
From there , the climbers go up a bowl shaped valley called the Western Cwm to establish Camp II , also known as Advanced Base Camp , at roughly 21,300 feet .
Moving up the Lhotse Face , they will build Camp III at 24,500 feet , before finally creating Camp IV at 26,000 feet , just below the region of the mountain dubbed “ the Death Zone ” , so named because the air is so thin at that altitude , that the human body actually begins to break down due to the lack of oxygen .
The creation of these camps takes several weeks , thanks to the slow process of moving all the equipment up the mountain , and the equally slow acclimatization process .
Once the camps are ready however , the teams will then wait in BC for a weather window to open .
They need to have several days of good weather to make a summit attempt , and it can sometimes take awhile for such a window to open .
In the meantime , they sit , and wait , and hope that they can finally get underway .
Many experienced climbers say that the boredom that stems from sitting , and waiting , is the hardest part of the climb .
When the opportunity does come , the teams will set out from base camp , moving up the mountain , one camp at a time , spending the night at each before continuing upwards the next day .
When they reach Camp IV , they ’ll rest and prepare for Summit Day , which begins at midnight , with the climbers setting off in the dark for the summit with the hopes of reaching their goal .
If they ’re lucky , they ’ll get to the highest point on the planet by mid-morning , but slower climbers will straggle up to the summit into the early afternoon .
There is a cut off point in which guides will turn their teams around if they are taking too long however , as they do n’t want to be caught above 26,000 feet , after dark , when high winds , sudden storms , and low oxygen can be deadly .
Upon reaching the summit , the climbers will spend just 10 or 20 minutes there , before turning back down .
The experienced climbers know that the summit is just the halfway point , and you still need to descend safely for it to be a successful climb .
Most will end up spending the night back at Camp IV before completing their descent the next day , arriving back in base camp , where it all started .
In a day or two , they ’ll begin the long trek back down the Khumbu Valley to Lukla , hop a flight to Kathmandu where they ’ll spend another few days , before at long last , they ’ll turn for home .
By this point it is usually late May or early June , nearly two months since they set out after their dream .
Temporary Slavery Called " Service " Is Still Temporary Slavery
Tweet
Here ’s a letter of mine appearing in today ’s Baltimore Sun :
Dan Rodricks wants to promote “ national service , ” and he believes that the nation ’s current infatuation with President Barack Obama provides an ideal opportunity to implement such a program .
Let ’s put aside the mistaken premise that each of us “ serves ” only when we work in government programs and ask this question :
How will Uncle Sam know how best to use all the conscripted labor at his disposal ?
And what earthly reason is there to suppose that he will deploy such labor according to reasonably objective criteria rather than according to political fads , partisan emotions and interest - group influences ?
Sadly , Mr. Rodricks utterly ignores practical questions such as these .
His essay is evidence of the truth of what Thomas Sowell observes in a recent column : “ Politics is about evoking emotions , not examining specifics . ”
Donald J. Boudreaux Fairfax , Va .
The writer is chairman of the Department of Economics at George Mason University .
The letter immediately following mine is better :
Dan Rodricks ’ column “ Americans poised to heed Obama ’s call to service ” advocates national service .
He favors not just voluntary service but paid service – that is , a government jobs program in which bureaucrats decide how to spend even more of our tax dollars .
That ’s bad enough .
But then Mr. Rodricks goes the extra step and suggests that the national service program should be mandatory .
Forced labor is slavery , whether the slaves are paid with room and board or with money .
Let ’s not pretend mandatory national service is anything but a sanitized form of slavery .
It ’s a shameful idea in a country that ’s supposed to stand for freedom .
David Page Baltimore
Comments
Photo : www.fotki.yandex.ru
Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon said Thursday that the Conservative government will strive to " work peacefully " with other polar nations but " will not hesitate to defend Canadian Arctic sovereignty . "
The statement came a day after the release of a new Russian government report that predicts possible military conflict over Arctic oil .
Cannon , currently on a diplomatic tour in Asia , said that recent steps taken by Canada to bolster its military and marine infrastructure in the North " will ensure that the Canadian Forces are prepared to address future challenges and respond to any emergency " that unfolds .
" Canada is determined to work peacefully in co-operation with all our northern partners in the Arctic , " Cannon said .
Cannon 's comments come as Russia has been sending mixed signals about resolving uncertainties over Arctic boundaries and securing resources in the potentially oil - rich polar region .
Russian officials have been publicly emphasizing the country 's interest in resolving potential Arctic disputes peacefully under the terms of a UN treaty governing the Law of the Sea .
In February , at a meeting in Moscow attended by Canada 's top legal adviser on Arctic issues , Russian diplomats offered to submit its territorial claims in the polar region jointly with Canada and Denmark .
" It was veering from one side to the other because the woman was sitting on the man 's lap while he was driving and doing the act , shall we say , " said Tor Stein Hagen , a superintendent with Soendre Buskerund district police .
By GottaLaff
Glenn Beck : " I . Was not .
Lying .... Bull crap ! "
And I. Am. A Rushpublic .
The size of Britain 's economy can be hard to get your head around - but what if you were to shrink it to human scale ?
In a video edition of his regular column , Michael Blastland introduces Fred - a one man British economy .
Watched the video ?
I made a few assumptions in calculating Fred - sized spending and borrowing - here 's my working .
First , it 's important not to think of the £ 300 as the extra tax bill Fred might face .
In practice , tax is progressive - weighted to the higher earners .
The figures in the video are simply intended to show roughly how the sums would feel in a one - person economy on a person - sized income , rather than in terms of the billions and trillions used in the national accounts .
Fred 's £ 15,000 income is intended to correspond to national income or GDP , which I 've rounded up to about £ 1,500 billion ( £ 1.5 trillion ) , making the calculation easy .
£ 15,000 also happens to be not very far off UK modal income .
I could have used other incomes but since it 's easy to scale up from Fred 's , this is as good as any .
HOW BIG IS ONE TRILLION ?
Big numbers explained
Accordingly , £ 1 billion compared to a national income of about £ 1500 billion is in the same proportions as £ 10 to Fred 's income of £ 15,000 .
The interest rate assumed on new debt is 2 per cent , which on £ 10 equals 20 p .
This is not far off the rates currently paid on short - term gilts , but is unlikely to remain so low for long .
Hence the assumption that total debt is charged at a variety of rates , on average higher than 2 per cent .
The recession cost to Fred in extra debt interest assumes that national debt interest will increase by about 2 per cent of national income , very roughly in line with forecasts , hence 2 per cent of Fred 's income : 15,000 x 0.02 = £ 300 .
On spending , I have roughly divided the £ 250 m example among the UK population and then divided this over five years , without adjusting for income , to produce a figure of just under £ 1 per head per year .
There are a variety of other assumptions we could reasonably make on all these numbers but the outcome would tend to be in the same ballpark , which , after all , is the aim of the exercise , not to be precise since precision would be illusory but to give a rough feel for the orders of magnitude .
The military trials for Guantanamo detainees have been much criticised US President Barack Obama is expected to announce on Friday that he is reviving military trials for some of the detainees at Guantanamo Bay .
But legal rights for defendants facing the military commissions will be significantly improved , officials said .
President Obama halted the trials as one of his first acts on taking office in January , saying the US was entering a new era of respecting human rights .
The decision to revive the military trials has angered civil rights groups .
There are currently 241 detainees still at the US base in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
President Obama has pledged to close the camp by January 2010 .
' Disappointing ' Administration officials told journalists that President Obama would announce plans to restart the military commissions - but with improved rights for detainees .
They are reported to include restrictions on hearsay evidence ; a ban on evidence obtained by cruel treatment ; giving detainees more leeway to choose their own lawyers ; and protecting detainees who refuse to testify .
Q&A : Closing Guantanamo ' Struggle ' over Guantanamo President Obama is expected to ask for a further four - month delay for the trials so that the new procedures can be implemented .
Some rights groups reacted with dismay to the news .
They campaigned throughout the Bush administration for the military trials to be scrapped .
" It 's disappointing that Obama is seeking to revive rather than end this failed experiment , " said Jonathan Hafetz of the American Civil Liberties Union .
" There 's no detainee at Guantanamo who cannot be tried and should n't be tried in the regular federal courts system . "
President Obama himself had criticised the military commission system during his election campaign , describing it as " an enormous failure " .
But , his aides pointed out on Thursday , the president never rejected the possibility of using military commissions altogether if they could be made fairer .
They highlighted legislation he supported as a senator in 2006 which was intended to do just that .
The BBC's Adam Brookes in Washington says the president may have decided that trying detainees such as Khalid Sheikh Mohammed - the man who allegedly planned 9/11 - in a civilian court in the US would be simply too complex and too difficult .
It is thought that only around 20 of the current detainees are likely to be tried through the revived military commissions , our correspondent says .
The remaining Guantanamo detainees are expected to either be released , transferred to other countries or tried by civilian prosecutors in US federal courts .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It was only afterwards that James Goins began to wonder at the narrowness of his son's escape .
The doctors could n't tell him what was wrong with 16 - year - old Aaron even as the youth 's temperature surged and Goins watched helplessly as his son 's suffering worsened .
" I could n't even touch my son he was so hot .
I could n't pick him up .
His muscles were seizing up on him .
He could n't move .
He had a fever of 102 .
He was throwing up , and diarrhoea .
He screamed out when I touched him .
My wife was freaking out .
I thought I was going to lose my son .
It 's the hardest thing in the world . "
At that point Goins , the director of an arts foundation in California , called an ambulance .
" The doctors said maybe it was appendicitis .
They said he might have to have immediate surgery .
He was in so much pain he was on morphine , for god 's sake . "
The hospital eventually concluded that it was n't appendicitis after all .
" They did n't have any answers .
They just said it was a very bad flu .
In their words ' a wicked flu ' , " said Goins .
The doctors may have been closer than they realised .
Aaron slowly recovered while his father still worried about what had struck his son down .
Then the teenager returned from school with a possible answer .
" His biology teacher was the one who pointed it out .
He said Aaron had to have had the swine flu , " he said .
The reports of swine flu had only just begun to come in , first from Mexico and then parts of the US , including California .
" When we looked at it , it was exactly the same symptoms .
It made sense .
This was n't any normal flu , " said Goins .
Aaron has n't been to Mexico but his home town of Palmdale has a large Latino population some of whom regularly travel back and forth across the border .
" I suppose it could have been passed on at school or the art institute .
Other children in the area have been sick but not as bad as Aaron , " said Goins .
" This whole thing was absolutely horrendous . "
Goins could be wrong , although the doctors cannot offer any other explanation for Aaron 's illness .
But a lot of parents are wondering these days .
There is no sense of panic in the US .
The number of infections by swine flu remains small and many people remember the failure of the avian flu scare to materialise into mass casualties .
But there is growing unease among some over where the latest crisis might lead and , at times , doubts about the government 's assertions that it can handle it .
The declaration of a health emergency , President Barack Obama 's plea to congress for $ 1.5 bn ( £ 1.02 bn ) to deal with the disease and the admission by the head of the Centres for Disease Control that deaths will surely come , have parents from California to New York checking their children and themselves .
The largest cluster of swine flu infections in the US is in one , and possibly three , New York City schools .
The city 's health commissioner says the total number of infected children could run into the hundreds .
Sophia Goumakos , 17 , was among those who became sick at St. Francis prep school after a trip to Cancún .
Her symptoms were relatively mild , a sore throat and a temperature .
Her mother , Peggy , hauled her off to Long Island Jewish hospital .
Reports about swine flu were by then taking over the news bulletins .
" I could n't text anyone .
I could n't watch TV , " Goumakos told the New York Post .
The hospital concluded that Sophia did not have swine flu .
But the young woman 's symptoms only grew worse and her mother sent the laboratory test to the city health department .
On Sunday evening , it told the Goumakos that Sophia had contracted the disease .
School friends and other parents have been in touch , out of concern but also no doubt out of the sense of solidarity that fear can bring .
" Everybody 's made such a big deal , " said Peggy Goumakos .
Aaron Goins recovered and Sophia Goumakos is receiving treatment .
Spring and early summer is the nation 's season of risk for conceiving a child with birth defects , the leading cause of infant mortality in the United States , a new study finds .
The reason appears to be that the pesticide load is highest in the air , water and elsewhere from April through July , due to the agricultural growing season and increased pest control efforts in urban areas at that time , the researchers say .
They found that the birth defect rate was 3 percent higher for babies conceived in the April to June period than the other months of the year .
Birth defects affect one in every 33 babies ( 3 percent ) born in this country , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
The 22 defects studied are all fairly serious , ranging from cleft lip to deformities in the heart .
For instance , about 1 in every 100 to 200 babies is born with a heart deformity , according to the CDC , and heart defects make up one third to one fourth of all birth defects .
Death from birth defects vary by defect and medical access .
Heart defects cause half of all deaths from birth defects in infants in some parts of the world .
Other defects are common and not life - threatening but require corrective surgery , such as hypospadias where the urethra is misplaced such that urine comes out the wrong part of the penis .
The study calculated monthly U.S. birth defect rates from 1996 to 2002 using CDC data on 22 types of birth defects and 30 million cases in all .
The result : a statistically significant association between the rates of defects for babies conceived between April and June and monthly concentrations of nitrates , atrazine and other pesticides as calculated from U.S. Geological Survey water quality data .
The association held when the researchers controlled for alcohol use , smoking and diabetes in the mothers , and also held when looking individually at each of 11 specific defects , including spina bifida ; circulatory , tracheal , gastrointestinal , urogenital and musculoskeletal anomalies ; cleft lip ; adactyly ( missing hands , fingers , toes and the like ) ; clubfoot ; and Down syndrome .
" What we wanted to do in this study is ask the big question :
If all live births and all birth defects were analyzed across the United States for 12 years time , would we find a season of risk for birth defects ?
Our finding was a robust one , the answer was yes , " said study leader and neonatologist Dr. Paul Winchester of Indiana University School of Medicine .
Evidence linking agricultural chemicals , such as nitrates and pesticides , with embryonic development problems has accumulated for decades in animals and in humans in high - risk occupations such as agricultural workers in cornfields or orchards .
Now the link has been extended , for the first time Winchester said , nationwide regardless of the mother 's occupation .
A causal link between birth defects and pesticides and nitrates remains " plausible but not proven " by this study , the authors write in the April issue of the journal Acta Paediatrica .
University of Florida biologist Louis J. Guillette did not work on the study but said he thinks the association between seasonal exposure to pesticides and birth defects rates will hold up over time .
" I believe that we will learn that this association might be even worse then we think now , " Guillette said .
" There is clear evidence from lab animals and wildlife studies that pesticides and nitrates at environmentally relevant concentrations alter the developing embryo . "
Pesticides get around
The USGS data used in the study provided measures of pesticides found in streams and groundwater , but Winchester said this is not just a water study .
" Surface water is a major indicator of environmental contamination , " he told LiveScience from an office adjacent to a neonatal unit he oversees at St. Francis Hospital in Indianapolis , housing 21 infants at the time , mostly born premature but some of whom had serious birth defects .
" Several studies have now confirmed that pesticides applied in a corn field end up in rain , snow , dust and most importantly , in the bodies of reproductive couples . "
The latest studies show that 99 percent of Americans have pesticides hanging out in their body tissues , but the scientific question is whether these are harmful , he said .
And some 80 percent to 100 percent of fetuses in the United States are exposed to pesticides and most are exposed to mixtures of several of them , according to a review of studies cited by Winchester and his colleagues .
Winchester 's study is about as strong as you can get in humans , Guillette said .
" The patterns observed are powerful , " and causal data would be impossible to obtain as it is unethical to do experiments on pregnant women .
Also , he pointed out , more and more research shows that the underlying molecular and cellular biology that underpins the development of the embryo's nervous system , limbs , reproductive organs etc. are almost identical among fish , amphibians , alligators , birds , and mammals ( including mice , rats and humans ) .
So studies linking pesticides with deformities in other animals and their embryonic development also apply to humans .
Limitations and what to do
The study 's limitations include that vital records on birth defects can be unreliable , but defects tend to be underreported , so better records would likely strengthen the association .
In fact , 12 states still have no active surveillance programs for birth defects , meaning that officials relied only on reports by mothers at birth and never followed up to confirm defects that showed up later .
Winchester said there are also studies that have found seasonal pesticides exposure to be associated with premature births , academic achievement , learning disabilities and life span .
Some people " look at a pregnant woman and judge her harshly , saying , ' You 're too fat .
You smoke , ' " Winchester said .
" But if you are unlucky enough to conceive in certain months , we can make predictions about the outcome . "
It 's relatively easy to reduce your exposure to pesticides , he said .
One approach is to eat organic food .
Totally eliminating pesticides exposure is much harder , because they " are in everything , " he said .
At least 257 civilians have been killed and 814 wounded in a massive artillery barrage fired by Sri Lankan forces into the northern war zone , a government health official confirmed Sunday .
The military has denied launching the attack , saying it was only using small arms in its effort to wipe out the Tamil Tiger rebel group .
Physician V. Shanmugarajah said it is feared that many more are dead and already buried by relatives in the attack that began late Saturday and lasted until early Sunday .
The doctor who works in the war zone called the situation " overwhelming . "
How would you write an arcade - style 2D game in CoreAnimation ?
I 'll show you how to write a resolution independent , high - speed , model - view - controller designed , Asteroids - style arcade game using CoreAnimation as the screen renderer .
In this second of four parts , I 'll create basic objects in the game and their corresponding CoreAnimation Layers on screen .
We have a window
In the previous post I proposed an Asteroids - style game in CoreAnimation and explained the basic design of the Quartzeroids2 game
I showed the code to construct and scale the window .
It has a blue gradient background and can switch between fullscreen and windowed modes .
Now , we need to put something in that window .
Objects placed on screen in this part .
Image Layers
Drawing in the window is done using CoreAnimation layers .
If you looked closely at how the window background was drawn in Part One , you 'll notice that it was a CALayer , drawn using a single image :
NSImage * image = [ NSImage imageNamed : imageName ] ; [ image drawInRect : NSRectFromCGRect ( [ self bounds ] ) fromRect :[ image alignmentRect ] operation : NSCompositeSourceOver fraction : 1.0 ] ;
Since this single image is a PDF made from vector ( not bitmapped ) components , this means that the layer can be drawn at any resolution without aliasing effects from resizing .
In fact , the background PDF is n't even the right aspect ratio and Cocoa happily reshapes it for us .
The added processing time to render a PDF , relative to bitmap , does n't really matter since CoreAnimation only renders the CALayer once , then reuses the existing texture .
Game Objects and Layers
Placing a game - related object on screen will require two different components : the GameObject and the GameObjectLayer .
GameObject
The GameObject is the version of the object as handled in the GameData .
Since the game logic is responsible for deciding the size , positioning , speed , trajectory and in some cases the image and angle of rotation of the object , these properties will all be properties of the GameObject .
The GameObject s are held by the GameData object .
It tracks all of the GameObject s in a dictionary , so all GameObject s can be accessed at any time by their unique key in the GameData 's gameObjects dictionary .
Resolution independence :
The biggest quirk about how I decided to implement the GameObject is that it is totally resolution independent .
All coordinates and sizes are measured in units where 1.0 is the height of the game window .
So the coordinates ( 0 , 0 ) , ( 0.5 * GAME_ASPECT , 0.5 ) and ( GAME_ASPECT , 1.0 ) are the bottom - left corner , center and top - right corners of the screen respectively ( GAME_ASPECT is the window aspect ratio : width of the window divided by the height ) .
With the GameObject being just a long list of Objective - C properties , most of the code in GameObject exists to set , modify or update those properties .
The biggest common " update " that needs to be performed is to move the object according to its speed and trajectory and " wrap " the object if it goes off the edge of the screen :
- ( BOOL ) updateWithTimeInterval : ( NSTimeInterval ) timeInterval { x += timeInterval * speed * cos ( trajectory ) ; y += timeInterval * speed * sin ( trajectory ) ; if ( x > GAME_ASPECT + ( 0.5 + GAME_OBJECT_BOUNDARY_EXCESS
) * width ) { x = - 0.5 * width ; } else if ( x < - ( 0.5 + GAME_OBJECT_BOUNDARY_EXCESS
) * width ) { x = GAME_ASPECT + 0.5 * width ; } if ( y > 1.0 + ( 0.5 + GAME_OBJECT_BOUNDARY_EXCESS
) * height ) { y = - 0.5 * height ; } else if ( y < - ( 0.5 + GAME_OBJECT_BOUNDARY_EXCESS
) * height ) { y = 1.0 + 0.5 * height ; } return NO ; }
This method returns " NO " to indicate that it was not deleted during the update .
This wo n't be used until next week when we add more of the game logic .
The objects are allowed to exceed the edge of the bounds by GAME_OBJECT_BOUNDARY_EXCESS .
This ensures that they do n't feel like they disappeared with a tiny portion still onscreen .
GameObjectLayer
The GameObjectLayer is a subclass of ImageLayer , using that class ' code to render a single image to a CALayer .
A GameObjectLayer contains a key that identifies its corresponding GameObject in the GameData .
It observes the GameData 's gameObjects dictionary for changes on that key and when any of the observed GameObject properties change , the GameObjectLayer will update itself accordingly .
The result is that the only substantial work required in the GameObjectLayer is updating itself when a change in the GameObject is observed .
The GameObjectLayer 's observeValueForKeyPath:ofObject : change:context : method is smart enough to realize when the GameObject changes to NSNull ( i.e. is deleted ) and autodeletes .
- ( void ) update { GameObject * gameObject = [ [ [ GameData sharedGameData ] gameObjects ] objectForKey : gameObjectKey ] ; double gameHeight = [ [ GameData sharedGameData ] gameHeight ] ; NSString * gameObjectImageName = gameObject .
imageName ; double x = gameObject . x * gameHeight ; double y = gameObject .
y * gameHeight ; double width = gameObject .
width * gameHeight ; double height = gameObject .
height * gameHeight ; double angle = gameObject .
angle ; BOOL visible = gameObject .
visible ; self .
imageName = gameObjectImageName ; self .
bounds = CGRectMake ( 0 , 0 , width , height ) ; self .
position = CGPointMake ( x , y ) ; self .
transform = CATransform3DMakeRotation ( angle , 0 , 0 , 1.0 ) ; self .
hidden = !
visible ; }
Notice that the GameObjectLayer is not resolution independent , so the GameObject coordinates are multiplied through by the gameHeight to convert them to coordinates in the layer hierarchy .
Controller code to bind them
The final element required to make GameObject s and GameObjectLayer s work together is controller code to construct the GameObjectLayer for each GameObject as it appears .
I chose to do this by making the GameData send a GameObjectNewNotification every time a new GameObject is added to the gameObjects dictionary .
The GameController observes this notification with the following method :
- ( void ) createImageLayerForGameObject : ( NSNotification * ) notification { NSString * gameObjectKey = [ notification object ] ; GameObjectLayer * newLayer = [ [ [ GameObjectLayer alloc ] initWithGameObjectKey : gameObjectKey ] autorelease ] ; [ CATransaction begin ] ; [ CATransaction setValue :[ NSNumber numberWithBool : YES ] forKey : kCATransactionDisableActions ] ; [ backgroundLayer addSublayer : newLayer ] ; [ CATransaction commit ] ; }
Transactions are disabled so the layer does n't fade in , it appears immediately .
Letting the view reinterpret the data
If you ran the program with the above code , the asteroid would not look like the slightly soccerball texture shown in the screenshot at the top and it would not spin .
The asteroid would be a smooth gradient circle .
This is because the the asteroid shown in the screenshot is made of two components : the non-rotating " asteroid - back " which provides a consistent lightsource - like effect and the " asteroid - front " which is a spinning second layer on top of the back layer .
The GameData only contains the basic bounds information , which is mapped onto the " asteroid - back " by default .
How can we add the second spinning layer for the purposes of display ?
We could add the second layer as another object in the game but since I want this layer for the purposes of display ( it has no real game - logic impact ) , I decided to handle it a different way .
After the [ CATransaction commit ] ; line in the previous code sample , I include the code :
if ( [ gameObjectKey rangeOfString : GAME_ASTEROID_KEY_BASE ]. location == 0 ) { AsteroidFrontLayer * asteroidFrontLayer = [ [ [
AsteroidFrontLayer alloc ] initWithGameObjectKey : gameObjectKey ] autorelease ] ; [ CATransaction begin ] ; [ CATransaction setValue :[ NSNumber numberWithBool : YES ] forKey : kCATransactionDisableActions ] ; [ backgroundLayer addSublayer : asteroidFrontLayer ] ; [ CATransaction commit ] ; }
So I look to see if the new GameObject is added to the gameObjects dictionary using a key that starts with GAME_ASTEROID_KEY_BASE .
If it does , then I create a second layer that tracks the same underlying GameObject .
This second layer is an AsteroidFrontLayer instead of the generic GameObjectLayer .
This AsteroidFrontLayer class is a subclass of GameObjectLayer that overrides the imageName to be " asteroid - front " and applies a rotation to the layer on each update .
Conclusion
You can download the Quartzeroids2 Part 2 project ( 225 kB ) which demonstrates the classes presented in this post .
The project for this part shows the GameObject , GameObjectLayer and AsteroidFrontLayer in a simple , non-interactive display .
To show everything on screen , the GameData class contains a newGame method which constructs some sample objects and then starts a timer running to call the updateWithTimeInterval : methods repeatedly .
Now that we can draw our objects on screen , Part 3 will add user - interaction and game logic .
Space bigwigs in Russia and Europe are working on ambitious plans for an international space shipyard in orbit above the Earth , according to reports .
The orbital shipyard would be used to assemble manned spacecraft capable of travelling to the Moon or Mars .
Despite the problem with the champagne at the launch ceremony , the SS Red Planet went on to a successful career on the Mars run .
Flight International says that the plans have been discussed at meetings between officials of Roscosmos - the Russian space bureau - and the European Space Agency ( ESA ) , in the context of multinational space efforts following the retirement of the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
According to Flight , the subject of an orbital ship - assembly facility was debated by ESA chief Jean - Jacques Dordain and other space bigwigs from Russia and the European Commission .
Involvement by the EC signifies interest from the European Union , as distinct from the ESA : while the ESA works closely with Brussels , it is n't part of the Union and its list of member states is different .
Many EU nations are n't in the ESA , and some ESA countries are n't in the EU ( Canada , for instance ) .
Flight reports that most of the world 's major space agencies will come together to discuss Moon and Mars exploration in the post - ISS era at the Hague in June .
China , which has said it would like to have a manned orbital facility by 2025 , is expected to attend .
At the moment the multibillion - dollar ISS , still under construction , is set to be closed down in 2016 - though there is talk of keeping it in service until 2020 .
It is predominantly American and Russian , but has significant participation from the ESA , Japan and other countries .
Most current plans for manned flights and bases even on the Moon would involve some level of ship assembly in Earth orbit : NASA 's Constellation programme would see lunar astronauts taking off aboard an Ares I rocket , but most of their stuff lifting off separately on an Ares V to rendezvous with them outside the atmosphere .
Vessels capable of taking people to Mars and back would be likely to require more launches and more complex assembly in space .
Even so , it 's not immediately clear exactly how a permanent Earth - orbit facility would help in the process of plugging together largely prefabricated modules or components .
The Flight report is here . ®
WASHINGTON  Judge Sonia Sotomayor ’s judicial opinions are marked by diligence , depth and unflashy competence .
If they are not always a pleasure to read , they are usually models of modern judicial craftsmanship , which prizes careful attention to the facts in the record and a methodical application of layers of legal principles .
Judge Sotomayor , whom President Obama announced Tuesday as his choice for the Supreme Court , has issued no major decisions concerning abortion , the death penalty , gay rights or national security .
In cases involving criminal defendants , employment discrimination and free speech , her rulings are more liberal than not .
But they reveal no larger vision , seldom appeal to history and consistently avoid quotable language .
Judge Sotomayor ’s decisions are , instead , almost always technical , incremental and exhaustive , considering all of the relevant precedents and supporting even completely uncontroversial propositions with elaborate footnotes .
All of which makes her remarkably cursory treatment last year of an employment discrimination case brought by firefighters in New Haven so baffling .
The unsigned decision by Judge Sotomayor and two other judges , which affirmed the dismissal of the claims from 18 white firefighters , one of them Hispanic , contained a single paragraph of reasoning .
Monkey communication expert Robert Seyfarth began his lecture on May 5 , the kick - off of the University of Delaware 's Year of Darwin celebration , with a true story , documented in 1961 , about a female baboon that herded goats in an African village .
The baboon knew all of the relationships between the goats so well that at night she would carry a bleating kid from one barn directly to its mother in another barn .
“ For all the centuries we 've bred dogs , no dog has exhibited this knowledge of kids and mothers , ” said Seyfarth , who is a psychology professor at the University of Pennsylvania .
“ The question is where does this mind come from ? ”
Seyfarth transported an audience of about 200 people into the fascinating world of the baboons of Botswana 's Okavanga Delta , which he and Dorothy Cheney , his research partner , fellow Penn professor , and spouse , studied from 1992 to 2008 .
Based on their research , Seyfarth said , he and Cheney argue that the baboon 's ability to recognize social relationships is due to natural selection .
This is the process in nature , according to Darwin 's theory of evolution , in which only the organisms best adapted to their environment tend to survive and reproduce .
The baboons that Seyfarth and Cheney studied live in groups of 80 - 90 individuals .
Males leave the group in which they are born , while females stay in the group for their entire lives , with close bonds to female relatives .
advertisement
The females are arranged in a matrilineal hierarchy of families , with ranks maintained for years .
Although once in a while a coup is attempted , such moves are not often successful .
“ Families stick together , ” Seyfarth said .
“ The rules are , like in a Jane Austen novel , be nice to your relatives and get in with the high - ranking relatives . ”
In their experiments , Seyfarth and Cheney observed baboons with names such as Sylvia , Champagne , and Helen , and recorded their language , which consists of no more than 18 sounds , and the interactions of their families .
They found that baboons use certain calls only in certain contexts .
Screams and fear barks are only given from a lower - ranking to a higher - ranking baboon , while threat grunts are given only from a higher - ranking to a lower - ranking baboon .
By recording the various calls and then playing them in situations that “ break the rules , ” the scientists determined from the animals ' behavior that baboons are able to put together the discrete elements of identity , kinship , and rank .
advertisement
“ The animals somehow see this world in all of its complexity , ” Seyfarth said .
“ It 's an innate property of the baboon mind -- done instantly and unconsciously , ” he noted .
What social factors stress baboons ?
Seyfarth and Cheney were able to measure the animals ' stress levels by analyzing fecal samples for gluccocorticoid stress hormones .
They found that pregnancy and incidences of predation are major stressors .
Ninety - five percent of baboon deaths are caused by predators , mostly lions , Seyfarth said .
Also , some high - ranking males practice infanticide , targeting infants by rank .
Mothers may form relationships with lower - ranking males who will help look after their babies .
And just as in humans , the loss of a close relative is high on the list , Seyfarth said .
“ Females respond to stress by associating with their closest grooming relationships , ” Seyfarth said .
“ They turn to their support network if they lose someone .
They broaden and extend to replace old relationships with new ones .
Female baboons with strong social bonds survive better , ” he said .
This work is highlighted in the award - winning book Baboon Metaphysics : The Evolution of a Social Mind , published by the University of Chicago Press in 2007 .
Additional support for the series is being provided by the Provost 's Office , the College of Agriculture and Natural Resources , the Science Ethics and Public Policy Program , and the following departments : Biological Sciences , English , Geography , Geological Sciences , Linguistics and Cognitive Science , and Philosophy .
Today , Stanford ’s Alumni Association magazine arrived at our home ( not for me ) .
The cover highlighted a “ Special Report ” titled “ Can Professors Stop Wars . ”
The blurb under the title reads :
Faculty have lessons to share with Washington that might make the world safer .
Is anyone listening ?
Um , here ’s the thing , Stanford :
We appreciate that there are a number of your faculty members who are coming to D.C. to help end the war .
But , you ca n’t talk about stopping the war without referencing how the war started .
Because , Stanford gave us Condi Rice .
She became a professor at Stanford in 1981 and was the provost ( “ the university ’s chief academic and budget officer ” ) from 1993 til 1999 .
Now , she ’s back at your Hoover Institution .
In between , she was Bush ’s National Security Adviser when we started that war in Iraq .
Then , she was Bush ’s Secretary of State .
Yes , Stanford ’s Condi was right there with Bush and Cheney every step of the way — from the lies about WMD to the failed strategy to the torture .
But , Condi ’s name is never mentioned in the article about wars .
Funny thing .
So , Stanford , do n’t be talking about your professors stopping wars unless you want to take credit for your Professor / Provost starting the war .
if
if
Unnoticed by most , the Fed balance sheet has started to shrink , after its unprecedented increase last year .
After having increased from $ 888 billion in the week to September 10 , to $ 2,247 billion in the week to December 31 , it has since fallen 4 straight weeks in a row to $ 1,990 billion in the week to January 28 .
And that latter figure was a weekly average , the absolute level on January 28 was $ 1,911 billion .
This reflects mainly a decline in commercial paper holdings , but many other items including " Term Auction Facility " , repurchase agreements and " other loans " also declined significantly .
It is not certain just what this mean .
It could be just a temporary decline , before a possible coming expansion in Treasury holdings .
And the absolute level of reserves is certainly still more than enough to fuel money supply expansion .
However , because of the Fed 's new rule of paying interest on reserves and because of the weak underlying economy , a far higher level of reserves than before will be required to expand money supply .
And so , the trend continues , it could cut monetary expansion short before it has begun to bid up prices outside of the fixed income markets .
So far though , this new trend has only had an impact of the very narrow M1 aggregate .
Broader and more relevant aggregates like M2 and MZM continued to expand in the latest report , though it should be noticed that these numbers lag reserve figures by 9 days , as the latest numbers refer to the week ending January 19 .
Again , no clear conclusions can be made at this point about what will happen and the main scenario is still that the Fed will continue to inflate , but ( with emphasis on " if " ) this decline in the Fed balance sheet continues then it will likely start to affect the broader monetary aggregates too .
' Recession Apocalypse ' : Preparing for the End of the World " Economic survivalists " believe when oil runs out , world will head for calamity .
BUSKIRK , N.Y. , May 15 , 2009  --
In the serene hills of rural upstate New York , Kathie Breault is hunkering down for doomsday .
It 's not an all - out Armageddon that the 51 - year - old grandmother is convinced of , but an imminent economic apocalypse .
A few years ago , Breault began reading about what happens when the world surpasses " peak oil " -- a point where we will use more oil than we can produce .
" I was afraid that any day that oil would disappear , that gas would start to disappear , that I would n't be able to get to work , I would n't have money , I would n't have food that I needed , " she said .
" It was frightening -- the picture that was painted . "
Breault and a growing number of so - called " economic survivalists , " are convinced that when oil supply wanes , the world will head for calamity ; governments and the global economy will dissolve into chaos and collapse , the group believes , changing life as we know it .
" Everything that we do in our lives is dependent on abundant , cheap energy -- all the clothes we wear , the food we eat , the transportation .
We 've lost everything that we know about how to live in a different way , " she said .
" I 'm totally dependent on a system that I think is n't going to be there in the future . "
To prepare for a looming catastrophe , Breault began eating healthier , walking four miles a day and biking .
She lost 100 pounds as a result .
Getting rid of her TV and credit cards , she slashed her monthly expenses and now heats her entire house with a tiny wood - burning stove .
" It gets cold , I wear a hat to bed and I wear lots of layers .
I wear long underwear all winter , " she said .
Breault 's survivalist lifestyle marks a radical departure from the consumer - driven life she used to lead .
" I was in the malls -- big Christmases , big holidays .
Every weekend , I was entertaining my family , we had great get - togethers , lots of food .
I took trips to Mexico and Ireland and across the country , conferences .
Eat , drink , have a good time , " Breault said .
" I had a wonderful life .
I traveled where I wanted to , I did what I wanted to , and I bought what I wanted to .
And I overconsumed . "
Some Survivalists Stockpile Food and Guns
Breault is n't alone in her transformation .
Thousands are hunkering down for an economic apocalypse and share comments about converging catastrophes on Web sites and Internet message boards , like Peakoil.com .
Some survivalists have moved to rural homesteads , or what they call " doomsteads , " where they can live off the land , raise their own livestock and grow their own vegetables .
Others are stockpiling food and guns in case widespread panic breaks out .
While fellow survivalists online are convinced , Breault 's family is n't .
" She was going a little bit too far .
She was really worried ; I think it kind of depressed her a little bit , " said her daughter - in - law , Jenny Breault , 30 .
" And I was kind of scared a little bit -- just because I thought she was taking it too far . "
Breault 's husband , Michael , 58 , did n't support her lifestyle change , and they divorced in 2006 .
" My husband was convinced that this would n't happen in our lifetime and that things would be worked out and we'd be OK .
And we just really disagreed about this , " she said .
Despite her family 's hesitations , there is evidence that the sluggish economy , rising food , fuel prices and uncertainty about the future have triggered a movement toward conservation and self - sufficiency .
As a result of the recession , people are staying closer to home .
In March , U.S. airlines saw passenger traffic fall by 10 percent , and Americans have driven fewer miles for the past 14 consecutive months .
The National Gardening Association says 7 million households will plant vegetable gardens this year , up 19 percent from last year .
Breault gets most of her food from Cedar Hill Farm , a local farm in Bennington , Vt. , tended to by Lisa MacDougall and Chuck Currie .
" We try to grow everything from artichokes to zucchini , " Currie said .
MacDougall gave the rest of the farm 's grocery list .
" Strawberries , eggplant , red peppers , leaf lettuce , spinach , onions , sweet potatoes , potatoes , beets , carrots , onions , celery , turnips , broccoli , cauliflower , cabbage . "
Layoff Forces Breault to Become More Self - Sufficient
Since ABC
News sat down for an interview with Breault earlier this month , she was laid off .
That means she 'll have to cut back even more -- eliminating some of the few frills , like juice , she still indulges in .
" I get myself a treat every once in a while , " she said .
" I do n't feel guilty about it , I just think I do n't need to do it anymore and that 'll stop with my job loss . "
Breault sees unemployment as a good thing -- an obstacle that will force her to become even more self - reliant .
Eventually , she hopes to sustain herself entirely from fruits and vegetables grown on her own lawn .
" It 's been probably the most difficult years of my life , but I feel like I 've come through and I 'm really in a good place , " she said .
" I 'm happier , I 'm healthier , I feel better , I have a good relationship with my grandchildren .
... I 'm in a much better place now . "
The speed and scale of the world 's love affair with mobile phones was revealed yesterday in a UN report that showed more than half the global population now pay to use one .
The survey , by the International Telecommunications Union ( ITU ) , an agency of the UN , also found that nearly a quarter of the world 's 6.7 billion people use the internet .
But it is the breathtaking growth of cellular technology that is doing more to change society , particularly in developing countries where a lack of effective communications infrastructure has traditionally been one of the biggest obstacles to economic growth .
By the end of last year there were an estimated 4.1 bn mobile subscriptions , up from 1bn in 2002 .
That represents six in 10 of the world 's population , although it is hard to make a precise calculation about how many people actually use mobile phones .
Africa is the continent with the fastest growth , where penetration has soared from just one in 50 people at the turn of the century to 28 % .
Much of the take - up is thought to have been driven by money transfer services that allow people without bank accounts to send money speedily and safely by text messages , which the recipient - typically a family member - can cash in at the other end .
Vodafone 's M- Pesa money transfer service was launched in Kenya in 2007 and now has 5 million users .
The ITU report points to the Gambia , where mobile subscriptions have rocketed amid stiff competition among mobile operators .
Out of almost a million telephone subscribers , there are more than 800,000 mobile subscriptions but only about 50,000 fixed telephone lines in service .
Developing countries now account for about two - thirds of the mobile phones in use , compared with less than half of subscriptions in 2002 .
The adoption of mobile technology has outstripped the growth of fixed - line connections , which rose from 1bn to 1.3 bn over the same period , with market penetration stuck just below 20 % for some years .
The figures demonstrate that many people in the developing world are bypassing the older technology altogether .
In the developed world , many people use more than one mobile device , with subscriptions exceeding population by 11 % in Europe .
On the other hand , a single mobile phone may have several users in poorer countries , where handsets are sometimes shared or rented out by their owners .
" There has been a clear shift to mobile cellular telephony , " the ITU said .
" In contrast to the growth in the mobile sector , fixed telephony has experienced nearly no growth in the last decade . "
The agency painted a positive picture of a world being opened up and given fresh opportunities by improved communications :
" The spread of mobile cellular services and technologies has made great strides towards connecting the previously unconnected . "
The report also recorded a marked increase in internet use , which more than doubled from 11 % of people using the net in 2002 to 23 % last year .
Here the report identified a clear gap between the rich and poor world : fewer than one in 20 Africans went online in 2007 , for instance , and less than 15 % in Asia , whereas Europe and the Americas recorded penetration of 43 % and 44 % respectively .
Across the world just 5 % of people have broadband internet at home , although this rises to 20 % in the developed world .
In Africa , fixed broadband penetration stood at a mere 0.2 % in 2007 .
But the report highlighted the potential of mobile broadband to expand the availability of high - speed internet access .
By the end of 2008 , there were close to 335 million mobile broadband subscribers across the world , although not all of these would be users , the report conceded .
At the moment the developed world is far ahead , with 14 % penetration in mobile broadband , compared with less than 1 % in the developing world .
The report found that there was a persistent " digital divide " between rich and poor countries in the use of communications technology .
Sweden was the world 's most advanced country in the use of information and communications technology , in an index of 154 countries that took various factors into account such as access to computers and literacy levels .
South Korea and Denmark were placed second and third in the list , while the UK was ranked 10th .
" Despite significant improvements in the developing world , the gap between the ICT [ information and communication technology ] haves and have - nots remains , " the report said .
One problem it identified was that the cost of mobile and internet services in developing countries was relatively high as a proportion of average income .
The global economic downturn could also affect the development of communications technology if cash - strapped consumers cut their spending , the report said .
But its prognosis was relatively sanguine : " Despite the economic downturn , current global ICT developments are unlikely to change drastically , given the pervasive nature of information and communication technologies . "
Calling Everest
Then you hear your mobile .
Being 29,198ft above sea level is no longer an excuse for not answering .
In 2007 China Telecom installed a mast near the Everest base camp .
With 100,000 phone masts erected each year , the number of places with " no signal " is dwindling fast .
" More than 90 % of the global population now has access , " said Gabriel Solomon of mobile trade body GSMA .
Even North Korea has lifted a ban , though access to handsets and international lines are heavily restricted .
Remote spots like Bhutan or Tibet are increasingly in reach .
Networks are also covering Africa , with a $ 50bn investment in the sub -Sahara region alone .
Only unpopulated areas like Antarctica or Chile 's Atacama desert will remain off the hook .
Closer to home , a few areas remain silent , but Solomon says that after the 2012 digital switchover UK coverage will be " ubiquitous " .
Zoe Wood
The actor is currently starring in US TV show The Beast Reports that Dirty Dancing star Patrick Swayze was dead have been condemned as " reckless " by his publicist .
Annett Wolf said the star , who is battling pancreatic cancer , was alive and well and responding to treatment .
Rumours began on Tuesday after Florida radio station Kiss FM posted a Twitter message saying the 56 - year - old had passed away .
It was later removed .
Swayze was diagnosed with advanced stage four pancreatic cancer in January last year .
Wolf 's statement read : " This is to confirm that Patrick Swayze did not pass away this morning contrary to severely reckless reports stemming from a radio station in Jacksonville , Florida . "
" Patrick Swayze is alive , well and is enjoying his life and he continues to respond to treatment . "
' Mean rumour ' After Kiss FM published its claim , the rumour spread quickly across the internet .
Swayze 's page on online encyclopaedia Wikipedia was also updated to indicate the star had died , before swiftly being changed as doubts about the accuracy of the reports emerged .
Swayze is currently writing a memoir with his wife , Lisa Niemi
It is not the first time Swayze has had to deny reports about his health - in December US tabloids reported the star had just weeks to live .
At the time he condemned the allegations , calling them " shoddy and reckless reporting " .
A month later he gave a TV interview acknowledging that he might have only two years more to live as his cancer was particularly virulent .
The actor has been starring in US TV show The Beast since being diagnosed with the disease .
He is also writing a memoir with his wife , Lisa Niemi , which will be published later this year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Notes : Please notify producer if used .
Vancouver 's Cooperative Radio :
CFRO 102.7FM in the Vancouver Area
Our website is : www.coopradio.org
For more on Parecon : www.parecon.org
A major offensive against militants in the Swat and Buner districts of Pakistan is underway , as thousands of civilians flee the area , headed for refugee camps that have been set up to help mitigate the crisis .
The offensive marks the complete collapse of a peace agreement between the government and Pakistani Taliban forces .
Under the truce , the Taliban would be allowed to implement Sharia , or Islamic law , in Swat .
But as Taliban forces took advantage of the lull in an attempt to expand their influence into Buner , the deal fell apart .
Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gillani formally announced the operation on Thursday while President Asif Ali Zardari was in Washington meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , and other senior officials .
“ To restore the honor and dignity of our homeland and to protect our people , the armed forces have been called in to eliminate the militants and terrorists , ” Gilani announced in a televised address .
“ We will not bow before extremists and terrorists . ”
He also said , “ The militants have waged war against all segments of society .
I regret to say that our bona fide intention to prefer reconciliation with them was perceived as a weakness on our part . ”
The operations had already begun earlier this week , prior to the presidential meeting in Washington .
The Obama administration ’s special envoy for the region , Richard C. Holbrooke , said on Tuesday , “ Until yesterday , the momentum did not appear to be in the right hands .
The army has now begun a major offensive .
We ’ll have to wait and see how it goes . ”
Holbrooke was speaking before the House Foreign Affairs Committee of the U.S. Congress .
Echoing the rational for U.S. involvement in Pakistan given by President Obama , Holbrooke invoked the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 after Congressman Ron Paul criticized Obama ’s policy in the region .
“ We are bombing a sovereign country , ” Paul said .
“ Where do we get the authority to do that ?
Did the Pakistani government give us written permission ?
Did the Congress give us written permission to expand the war and start bombing in Pakistan ? ” he asked .
Directing his remarks to Mr. Holbrooke , Paul , a presidential candidate during the 2008 election campaign , said , “ The main concern I have is I was hoping to see maybe a change in our foreign policy from the last administration , but , of course , we see just more of the same – more nation - building , more policing of the world , more involvement . ”
“ And it just seems like we never learn from our past mistakes , ” he added .
He praised the stated objective of working “ for a vibrant , modern democracy ” , but questioned Obama ’s methods .
“ But think of how we ’re doing this .
I mean , we label everybody that opposes what we ’re doing , we call them Taliban . ”
He said there are “ many , many thousands of Pashtuns that are right smack in the middle , getting killed by our bombs , and then we wonder why they object to our policies over there . ”
“ How do you win the hearts and minds of these people if we ’re seen as invaders and occupies ? ” he also asked .
As Paul finished his remarks , a Pakistani in the audience commented , “ This American lawmaker has defended Pakistan more eloquently than our ambassador ever has . ”
In response , Holbrooke repeated the standard talking point , “ The reason we are in this area , notwithstanding its immense difficulties , is because the people in this area attacked our country on September 11th , 2001 , and have stated flatly they intend to do it again . ”
An editorial today in the Pakistan daily Dawn said Paul ’s remarks “ regarding the legitimacy of US drone - bombing in Fata [ Federally Administered Tribal Areas ] comes not a moment too soon . ”
While the military offensive “ suggests that gains are being achieved ” , public opinion , meanwhile , “ is turning against the militants ” .
“ In this situation , ” the editorial continued , “ the continuing US drone incursions are robbing our security forces of some of their moral legitimacy and are , in fact , undermining the war effort . ”
“ The repeated US violations of the country ’s territorial integrity subvert our government ’s efforts to make this ‘ Pakistan ’s war ’ and lend currency to the extremists ’ claim that Pakistan is merely a pawn in what is , essentially , America ’s war , ” the editorial added .
Additionally , “ the US bombings have resulted in a large number of civilian casualties which , in the public ’s mind , outweigh by far any success against the militants .
America ’s actions stand in danger of being viewed as wanton foreign aggression against innocent populations .
And the drone strikes are contributing to the increasing number of refugees fleeing the area .
Meanwhile , the Pakistan Army and other security forces continue to suffer heavy casualties in the battles underway on our western borders . ”
The editorial concludes , “ The American military must confine itself to the western side of the Durand Line ” , referring to the border between Afghanistan and Pakistan drawn on a map by the British , so - called after the British foreign secretary Sir Mortimer Durand .
The Durand line arbitrarily divided an ethnically Pashtun region between two countries .
The Taliban are predominantly Pashtuns .
Pakistan ’s peace accord with the Taliban in Swat had come under intense criticism from Washington , and U.S. lawmakers have criticized Zardari during his stay , suggesting he had not done enough to combat militants .
“ The focus has not been as intense as it ought to be , ” Senator John Kerry said , but added , “ We ’re very , very hopeful now that that is going to change . ”
The Senate is expected to vote on a bill that would triple the amount of non-military aid to Pakistan , amounting to $ 7.5 billion over five years .
Many Pakistanis believe the operation is being carried out at the insistence of the U.S. While in Washington , Zardari made a case for receiving more U.S. taxpayer dollars for Pakistan , but lawmakers made it clear that additional aid would be conditional upon cooperation in combating militants there .
Pentagon knowingly exposed troops to cancer - causing chemicals , document shows John Byrne
Published : Tuesday March 10 , 2009
Print This Email
This A newly leaked military document appears to show the Pentagon knowingly exposed US troops to toxic chemicals that cause cancer , while publicly downplaying the risks exposure might cause .
The document , written by an environmental engineering flight commander in December of 2006 and posted on Wikileaks ( PDF ) on Tuesday , details the risks posed to US troops in Iraq by burning garbage at a US airbase .
It enumerates myriad risks posed by the practice and identifies various carcinogens released by incinerating waste in open - air pits .
Because of the difficulties in testing samples , investigators could not prove that chemicals exceeded military exposure guidelines .
But a military document released last December found that chemicals routinely exceeded safe levels by twice to six times .
The leaked report was signed off by the chief for the Air Force 's aeromedical services .
Its subject is Balad Airbase , a large US military base about 70 kilometers north of Baghdad .
" In my professional opinion , the known carcinogens and respiratory sensitizers released into the atmosphere by the burn pit present both an acute and a chronic health hazard to our troops and the local population , " Aeromedical chief Lt. Colonel James Elliott wrote .
According to the document , a US Army Center for Health Promotion and Preventative Medicine investigator said Balad 's burn pit was " the worst environmental site I have ever personally visited , " including " 10 years working ... clean - up for the Army . "
While the Curtis memo document is a new release to Wikileaks , it was previously disclosed online by the founder and editor of VAWatchdog.org , Larry Scott , in December 2008 .
Military outfits have routinely incinerated garbage in what are called burn pits .
At Balad , the trash was hauled by contractors from the engineering giant KBR , a former Halliburton subsidiary .
Last December , the Pentagon issued a " Just the Facts " sheet about the burn pits to troops .
While acknowledging that lab tests from 2004 - 2006 had found occasional carcinogens , it asserted that " the potential short - and long - term risks were estimated to be low due to the infrequent detections of these chemicals . "
The sampling reports are classified , according to the Army Times .
The Pentagon report adds , " Based on U.S. Environmental Protection Agency guidance , long - term health effects are not expected to occur from breathing the smoke . "
Strikingly , however , it does acknowledge that air samples taken in 2007 found particulate matter levels higher than military recommendations in 50 of 60 cases -- some two times allowable toxic levels , but others as many as six times .
The flyer given to troops appears to contradict assertions by the Air Force 's own investigators .
In the leaked document , titled " Burn Pit Health Hazards , " Air Force Bioenvironmental Engineering Flight Commander Darrin Curtis expressed shock that troops were knowingly exposed to such risks .
" It is amazing that the burn pit has been able to operate without restrictions over the past few years without significant engineering controls being put in place , " Curtis wrote .
" In my professional opinion , there is an acute health hazard for individuals , " he added .
In addition to carcinogens , " there is also the possibility of chronic health hazards associated with the smoke . "
Curtis noted that the chemicals associated with burning plastics , rubber and other common trash items included arsenic , benzene , formaldehyde , hydrogen cyanide , sulfuric acid and various other chemicals .
" Just the Facts , " while playing down long - term risks , also identified dioxins among tested samples .
Dioxins were also present in Agent Orange , the notorious herbicide used during the Vietnam War .
Benzene is known to cause leukemia , and cyanide and arsenic have throughout history been used as poisons to induce death .
Soldiers complain of chronic conditions
An Army Times investigation in 2008 found anecdotal evidence of health conditions caused by exposure to the fires .
" Though military officials say there are no known long - term effects from exposure to burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan , more than 100 service members have come forward to Military Times and Disabled American Veterans with strikingly similar symptoms : chronic bronchitis , asthma , sleep apnea , chronic coughs and allergy - like symptoms .
Several also have cited heart problems , lymphoma and leukemia , " Army Times reporter Kelley Kennedy wrote in December .
" A lot of soldiers in my old unit have asthma and bronchitis , " a staff sergeant stationed in Iraq in 2005 was quoted as saying .
" I lived 50 feet from the burn pit .
I used to wake up in the middle of the night choking on it . "
" I 've seen four or five cardiologists , but no one can tell me what 's wrong with my heart , " the staff sergeant added .
" It seems like most of these cases , anecdotally , are people who were exposed heavily to the burn pits and they got sick quickly , " Kerry Baker , legislative director for Disabled American Veterans , said .
" There must be some areas that take a hit much harder than others .
Everything seems to be pointing opposite to what the Defense Department is saying . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Tonight , Israel will mark Yom Hashoah , the annual day of remembrance for the six million Jews slaughtered at the hands of the Nazis – whose collective shadow looms large over both the state of Israel and the entire diaspora community .
However , as I wrote this time two years ago , " while ' never forget ' is a worthy and worthwhile refrain , it rings a bit hollow if all we do is remember without taking the next step and actively confronting abuses , wherever in the world they flourish unchecked " .
The Simon Wiesenthal Centre ( SWC ) is , ostensibly , one such organisation that has thrown down the gauntlet to future generations to learn from the mistakes of history rather than be doomed to repeat them .
By " confronting antisemitism , hate and terrorism , promoting human rights and dignity , standing with Israel , defending the safety of Jews worldwide and teaching the lessons of the Holocaust " , the group sets out to rid the globe of the scourge of racial hatred , yet has managed to become entangled in just such an ugly , sectarian clash in the heart of downtown Jerusalem .
Thanks to the SWC 's insistence on constructing an ironically named Museum of Tolerance atop a Muslim cemetery , the organisation has driven yet another nail into the coffin of coexistence between Jews and Arabs in the Holy Land .
The SWC claims that the museum will be a beacon " that speaks to the world and confronts today 's important issues , like … human dignity , responsibility , and promoting unity " , despite refusing to take a dose of its own medicine when it comes to the contentious location of the complex .
Muslim groups are , understandably , up in arms about the decision to dig up their antecedents ' graves , a move described by the IPCRI 's Gershon Baskin as an " open wound ; a festering sore [ that will alienate the entire Arab community of Israel ] " .
Jewish history backs up his assertion that the desecration of holy sites and religious artefacts unites a people in their wrath : decades have passed since the Nazis used Jewish gravestones to pave roads , and Arabs made latrines from Jewish tombstones on the Mount of Olives , yet the defilement is seared on the collective memory of countless Jews the world over .
That extremist groups such as Elad ( with the full support of the Israeli authorities ) have no problem trampling over the rights of non-Jewish residents of Israel is , while utterly unacceptable , not unexpected given their hardline , self - centred political agendas .
Yet for the SWC to join the ranks of those ripping up the rulebook of tolerance and respect is extraordinary , given the group 's raison d'etre .
Alana Alpert , a yeshiva student from Los Angeles , adroitly sums up the imbroglio in which the SWC is caught : " Homes are demolished in Silwan , families are [ evicted ] in Sheikh Jarrah … these injustices are all part of the effort to erase the heritage and presence of Palestinians in the State of Israel .
The SWC has become unintentionally complicit , and therefore American Jews are complicit , in this unholy project " .
Alpert has been mobilising American Jews in Israel to campaign against the museum 's construction , a community typically uninvolved in solidarity efforts on behalf of the Palestinians .
Along with fellow students , she organised a recent demonstration at the construction site , gathering scores of likeminded protesters to voice their disapproval of the project .
Most of those present were rabbinical students and Jewish educators , all of whom saw the desecration of Muslim graves as completely at odds with the Jewish values upon which their faith rests .
While their fundamental aim was to bring about the scheme 's cancellation , they also intended to send a message to the Muslim community that there is opposition to the construction from within the Jewish camp .
According to Alpert , that the protest was reported in the Al - Quds newspaper meant that " at the very least , the Palestinians know that there are Jews prepared to stand up for Muslim rights " – which , in a country steeped in segregation and division , is worth its weight in gold to those seeking to build bridges between the two camps .
Despite the best efforts of those seeking to prevent the project 's completion , including several unsuccessful legal challenges through the Israeli courts , the building work continues unhindered under the watchful gaze of armed guards protecting the labourers .
The SWC are impervious to the pleas of those opposing the plans , having decided to dig in their heels and drive on with their quest , regardless of the damage it is doing to the organisation 's reputation , not to mention that of the Jewish community at large .
However , as long as there are those prepared to speak out against the injustice – those who realise that true Jewish teaching does not leave any room for callous actions such as the SWC are taking – then there is at least some hope for those ploughing a lonely furrow towards a different future for the residents of Israel .
To sit idly by while human rights , dignity and respect are buried under an avalanche of intolerance is precisely what Jews ought not be doing , given our own tragic history throughout the ages .
Standing up to the abuse , as Alpert and her fellow demonstrators continue to do , is the right and proper way to honour those who died in the Holocaust ; a tangible application of the " never forget " adage , which the Simon Wiesenthal Centre would do well to incorporate into its own actions , rather than just its words .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Vice President Joe Biden brushed aside recent criticism by predecessor Dick Cheney that moves by the Obama administration had put the United States at risk , telling CNN on Tuesday that the former vice president was " dead wrong . "
Vice President Joe Biden sits down for an interview with CNN's Gloria Borger and Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday .
" I do n't think [ Cheney ] is out of line , but he is dead wrong , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer .
" This administration -- the last administration left us in a weaker posture than we 've been any time since World War II : less regarded in the world , stretched more thinly than we ever have been in the past , two wars under way , virtually no respect in entire parts of the world .
" ... I guarantee you we are safer today , our interests are more secure today than they were any time during the eight years " of the Bush administration .
In an interview with CNN's John King last month , Cheney said President Obama had been " making some choices that in my mind will raise the risk to the American people of another attack . "
Biden said former President Bush had not been fully aware of the country 's position in the world .
Watch Biden lash out on Bush and Cheney »
" I remember President Bush saying to me one time in the Oval Office , and he was a great guy , enjoyed being with him .
He said to me , he said , ' Well , Joe , ' he said , ' I 'm a leader . '
And I said , ' Mr. President , turn around and look behind you .
No one 's following . '
People are beginning to follow the United States again as a consequence of our administration . "
" ... I think the biggest thing we 're doing is , I 'm operating in concert with the president , " he said .
" There are not -- there are -- look , everybody talks about how powerful Cheney was .
His power weakened America , in my view . "
But he did not deny reports of disagreement within the Obama administration as well , over the president 's plan to widen involvement in Afghanistan .
A report last week said Biden had warned about the possibility of getting into a quagmire , while military advisers pushed for more troops .
Watch more on Obama 's Afghanistan plan »
" Well , look .
Without commenting specifically on who took what position , there was a healthy debate .
There is a healthy debate within our administration . "
The vice president said that he condemned a new Afghan law that would allow men to rape their wives , but that those issues were not the focus of the U.S. presence in that nation .
" I am not prepared to send American troops to die for that , " he said .
As the president made an unannounced visit to Baghdad , Iraq , on Tuesday , Biden said that he had no concerns that a recent uptick in violence in Iraq might affect plans to withdraw most U.S. troops from that country by the summer of 2010 .
" I 'm not worried about that at all .
We will draw down along the timeline we suggested , " the vice president said .
Watch the full interview »
Also not a concern for Biden : the possibility of an Israeli strike on Iran 's nuclear facilities .
The vice president said he was not worried that Israel 's new government , under Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , would order such an attack .
" I do n't believe that Prime Minister Netanyahu would do that .
I think he would be ill - advised to do that .
And so my level of concern is no different than it was a year ago . "
A day after North Korea 's rocket test sparked alarm from world leaders , Biden called for a tougher response from Moscow and Beijing .
" What I 'd like to see is a strong condemnation and a united effort on the part of the Chinese , Russians in the six - party talks to say , 'enough is enough , there will be greater sanctions , we will squeeze down even harder on North Korea , ' " he said .
He added that China could " do a great deal more , " although he was uncertain it would .
" I think this puts the onus on China and Russia and South Korea and Japan , et cetera , along with us , to be bolder in our condemnation . "
On the domestic front , Biden said that the administration 's economic plan would prevent up to 4 million jobs from being lost and stabilize the economy , but that " it will take at least another year before you start to see employment , " and in the meantime , jobs will continue to disappear .
Watch Biden answer iReporters ' questions »
" There will be an additional job loss .
...
You 're not going to see reports this calendar year saying there was no job loss this month .
That is not going to happen .
... There will continue to be job losses the remainder of this year .
The question is will they continually go down before they begin to rebound , and employment -- we go down to zero job loss and back to employment . "
He said it was " too premature " to begin discussing another stimulus package , though he has not ruled one out .
All About Joseph Biden • Dick Cheney
U.S. President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama walk out of the White House toward Marine One in Washington on May 30 , 2009 .
The Obamas are traveling to New York City for a personal visit .
( UPI Photo / Aude Guerrucci / Pool ) | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama walk out of the White House toward Marine One in Washington on May 30 , 2009 .
The Obamas are traveling to New York City for a personal visit .
( UPI Photo / Alexis C. Glenn ) | License Photo
WASHINGTON , May 30 ( UPI ) -- GOP officials chided U.S. President Barack Obama for attending a Broadway play Saturday but the White House said Obama was keeping a campaign promise .
The president and first lady Michelle Obama flew to New York from Washington on what a White House press pool report called a Gulfstream - type plane , rather than one of the larger craft that serve as Air Force One , Politico reported .
Plans called for the couple to dine at the Blue Hill restaurant before attending a performance of the late playwright August Wilson 's " Joe Turner 's Come and Gone . "
Advertisement
The production is nominated for six Tony Awards , including best revival of a play .
In a posting on its Web site , the Republican National Committee contrasted the Obamas evening out with General Motors Corp .'s fight for survival and the broader economic turndown .
" As President Obama prepares to wing into Manhattan 's theater district on Air Force One to take in a Broadway show , GM is preparing to file bankruptcy and families across America continue to struggle to pay their bills , " the GOP said .
" Have a great Saturday evening -- even if you 're not jetting off somewhere at taxpayer expense . "
RNC spokeswoman Gail Gitcho said if Obama wanted to go to the theater , " is n't the Presidential box at the Kennedy Center good enough ? , " Politico reported .
During the flight to New York a spokesman for the president read a statement saying the trip was intended to keep a campaign promise Obama made to his wife .
" I am taking my wife to New York City because I promised her during the campaign that I would take her to a Broadway show after it was all finished , " the statement said .
We 're already big fans of anything that corrals our cord clutter , but we can't help but appreciate the craftsmanship that went into this very clever DIY earbud owl .
Advertisement
The earbud owl works under the same principle as a few of our previously posted earbud de-tangling tips , but this smart little DIY melds form and function like none other .
The design template is available as a download from Thingiverse ; once you 've got it , all you need is a laser cutter ( you 've got a few of those lying around in your junk drawer , right ? ) and something to cut .
The Thingiverse design shows an earbud owl cut from plastic , but we really appreciate the rustic woodcut pictured .
Either way , this is one impressive but relatively simple DIY .
Advertisement
Laser cut earbud owl [ jpixl.net via Make ]
This is a sculpture of Dark Knight ’s The Joker ( Heath Ledger ) , though this man needs no introduction obviously , but the man behind this extraordinary piece of art is Bobby Causey .
As you can already tell , he is one hell of a talented sculptor and I urge you to check out more of his work at his site here .
Here ’s some details from Bobby Causey about how he goes about creating his sculptures :
I sculpt everything from scratch , from picture reference only .
The heads are finished in medical prosthetic silicon , this took me many times to get correct , but I wanted to share it , I make them for private commissions .
The hair is Human hair , medical grade eyeballs .
I would like to Thank Bobby for emailing us these beautiful shots of his work , I really love them !
If you guys want some custom sculpture work , Bobby is your man !
Check out some more photos below ( include some work in progress photos ) :
There was recently a post on Techdirt about how even those who fight for stricter copyright laws end up accidentally infringing copyrights themselves .
The reason it ’s so incredibly easy to infringe copyright law has to do with how out of control copyright laws have become .
As copyright was originally enacted , it was next to impossible to accidentally infringe .
In the good old days in order to infringe on a copyright you had to physically publish a song or a book without permission by printing it onto paper via a printing press .
There was no other way to copy or infringe on a song or a book and there was no such thing as a performance right protected by copyright .
Nowadays we infringe copyrights numerous times throughout the day without even thinking about it .
Watching an unauthorized SNL clip on YouTube .
Playing the radio in the background at work where customers can hear .
Loaning a copy of your Finding Nemo DVD to play at your kids ’ daycare .
Downloading clip art to use in a personal scrapbook .
Scanning your own wedding photos .
Forwarding a funny photograph to a friend .
Loaning a co-worker some software .
Etc. , etc. , etc …
Copyright laws are so utterly pervasive in our lives that we simply cannot reasonably function without at least some innocent infringement .
I personally think it ’d be easier to avoid jaywalking and speeding than it would be to avoid infringing .
So my question to you guys and gals , how long do you think you could last without infringing a copyright ?
Plastic Fetish
Why are plastic bags treated as the root of environmental evil ?
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian 8th April 2009
Do you remember that unspeakably naff designer accessory , I ’m Not A Plastic Bag ?
The “ design ” , by Anya Hindmarch , involved thinking up the gauchest slogan ever contrived then printing it on a white shopping bag of the kind old ladies used in the 1960s .
Tens of thousands were sold , at mind - boggling prices .
More to the point , does anyone still use one ?
There still seems to be a small market among collectors – there ’s one for sale on eBay at the moment for £ 179.99 – but when did you last see someone shopping with one ?
This excrescence was supposed to be the antidote to the throwaway society .
Perhaps the bags have n’t been thrown away , but no self - respecting celeb would be seen dead with one now .
They are sooo last year .
Anya Hindmarch does n’t sell them any more : now she markets a new range of granny bags ( starting at £ 165 ) , printed with glossy pictures of designer children , dogs and motorbikes .
As Oscar Wilde said : “ Nothing is so dangerous as being too modern ; one is apt to grow old - fashioned quite suddenly . ”
These bags for life were discarded with all the other eco-bling as soon as something newer came along .
But they served their purpose : they permitted the rich and famous to telegraph their green credentials while still running the Aga , the Range Rover , the yacht and the second and third homes in far - flung parts of the world .
By buying the bag , they could tick another box : now , among their other attributes , they were environmentally conscious .
I was reminded of this when I saw the British government ’s new green initiative , the “ Get a bag habit ” campaign to encourage reuse of bags , which it launched yesterday with the British Retail Consortium .
Not just because the slogan almost rivals Hindmarch ’s for naffness , but also because it highlights our fetishisation of the plastic bag as the root of all environmental evil .
Do n’t get me wrong – I do n’t like plastic bags either .
We use too many of them , just as we use too many of all the earth ’s resources .
They litter the countryside and cause problems for wildlife when they end up in the sea .
But their total impact is microscopic by comparison to almost anything else we do .
As environment writer George Marshall records in his excellent book Carbon Detox , our annual average consumption of bags produces 5 kg of carbon dioxide a year .
Total average emissions are 12,500kg .
Plastic bags are n’t even a very large component of domestic waste .
Plastics in general – according to a study by South Gloucestershire district council – account for 18 % of total household waste .
Plastic bags account for 18 % of the plastic , which means 3.2 % of total waste .
Clingfilm ( 23 % of domestic plastic waste ) produces a greater proportion than plastic bags .
The British Retail Consortium , in helping to launch this campaign , says that “ this is a symbolic step towards using resources more wisely . ”
It ’s a symbolic step , but not a significant one .
By no stretch of the imagination does it justify the hype it generates .
We could eliminate every bag in the UK and make only the tiniest dent in our total environmental impact .
So why this fetishisation ?
Because dealing with plastic bags is easy .
Easy for the government , easy for retailers , easy for shoppers .
It threatens no one , makes money for the shops ( if they charge for their bags ) and ensures that everyone feels better about themselves , while continuing to trash the biosphere just as we did before .
Monbiot.com
New developer Eidos Montreal is currently working on Deus Ex 3 , but that does n’t mean they do n’t have anything else up their sleeve .
According to an ad in the upcoming issue of Edge Magazine , the developer is set to reveal their next title on May 11th .
It ’s unclear as of right now as to what the new title will be , but all signs are pointing to a new installment of Thief .
The ad includes references accolades from GameSpy and GameSpot , and also features the Thief logo .
Stay tuned to PlayStation LifeStyle for the exciting announcement next week .
[ Source ]
