Some residents of Milwaukee 's Riverwest and east side neighborhoods are considering giving up the greenback .
Participants would exchange U.S. dollars for a more local currency .
The move would encourage residents to support locally owned businesses , under the assumption national brands wo n't take what to them would amount to Monopoly money .
" This promotes local economic strength and community self - reliance , " wrote one of the organizers , Sura Faraj , in a recent entry on her blog .
" Other benefits include more community involvement and pride , patronage of local businesses ( those that participate ) , and ultimately the reduction of traffic emissions . "
Organizers in the Milwaukee area met Wednesday at Martin Luther King Library , 310 W. Locust St. , to discuss the currency .
Since they 're just taking first steps in trying to organize printing their own dollars , they did n't want to talk about details to the news media .
But if they pull it off , they would be following in the footsteps of other neighborhoods , including the Madison Hours Cooperative for neighborhoods in the state capital .
A U.S. pilotless drone fired two missiles at a house in northwest Pakistan killing five people , Pakistani intelligence agency officials said Wednesday .
In the latest attack , a drone fired two missiles at a house near the town of Mir Ali in North Waziristan , at about midnight Tuesday , two intelligence agency officials said .
REUTERS / Graphics
MIRANSHAH , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - A U.S. pilotless drone fired two missiles at a house in northwest Pakistan killing five people , Pakistani intelligence agency officials said Wednesday .
Frustrated by an intensifying Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan , U.S. forces have in the past month carried out seven missile strikes by pilotless drones and a commando raid on the Pakistani side of the border .
In the latest attack , a drone fired two missiles at a house near the town of Mir Ali in North Waziristan , at about midnight Tuesday ( 1800 GMT ) , two intelligence agency officials said .
The area is a known sanctuary for Pakistani Taliban and foreign militants near the Afghan border .
“ We have reports of five dead including foreign militants , ” said one of the officers , who declined to be identified as he is not authorized to speak to the media .
He said he had no more information about the casualties .
The U.S. strikes into Pakistan , in particular the September 3 raid by ground troops , have angered Pakistan , straining ties between the allies and leading to tension along the border which Pakistani forces have vowed to defend .
The government says the strikes are an infringement of Pakistani sovereignty .
U.S. commanders have spoken of respect for Pakistan ’s sovereignty but have suggested they will not stop cross - border strikes on militants .
Heathrow 's controversial third runway – due to be given the green light by ministers this week – is unlikely ever to be built because it will fall foul of new European pollution laws , environmentalists and senior government advisers believe .
The airport's two existing runways already cause air pollution which breaches compulsory European Union air - quality standards , which Britain will have to observe by 2015 .
Neither anti-runway campaigners nor the Government 's Environment Agency see how these can possibly be met if the number of flights rises by 50 per cent as planned .
The Conservative and Liberal Democrat parties have vowed to block the new runway if they are in a position to do so after the next election .
They plan to force a parliamentary vote on the project , which would be almost certain to attract Labour rebels .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The go - ahead – pencilled in for confirmation by Geoff Hoon , the Secretary of State for Transport , on Thursday – is to be presented as the centrepiece of a New Deal - style series of public works , like the one president - elect Barack Obama is expected to push through in the US after taking office later this month .
In an attempt to reduce the impact of one of the most hotly contested planning decisions for years , the move will be accompanied by a list of multibillion - pound projects designed to demonstrate the Government 's commitment to improving transport and other facilities across the nation .
It will be linked to the establishment of " an international rail hub " at the airport , the Crossrail project , preparations for the London Olympics and plans to accelerate the Government 's school - building programme .
Ministers will also insist that the plans for the runway will have to ensure that the air around Heathrow – already polluted by road traffic as well as by existing flights – does not breach EU limits for nitrogen dioxide , due to come into force next year .
Britain can apply for a five - year delay but will have to observe them by 2015 .
The British Airports Authority says that new technology and cleaner planes will reduce pollution as to enable the standards to be met , but critics do not see how this can be done if flights rise to more than 700,000 a year , when the existing 480,000 already help to put parts of the area over the limit .
Lord Smith , the chairman of the Environment Agency , said yesterday that the runway could not go ahead unless " very strict pollution limits " were set .
He was sceptical that the EU standards could be met , and would prefer that the runway was not built .
John Stewart , the chairman of Hacan Clearskies , which leads opposition to the project , said yesterday : " The runway will never see the light of day . "
In my Times op - ed yesterday , I wrote that :
There is a fixed idea among some Israeli leaders that Hamas can be bombed into moderation .
This is a false and dangerous notion .
It is true that Hamas can be deterred militarily for a time , but tanks cannot defeat deeply felt belief .
Reuel Gerecht writes in to tell me that I 'm completely wrong :
Actually , Islamic history teaches just the opposite .
If you start with the Kharijites and move forward ( and I can happily give you a list running from the Azariqa , the worst of the Khawarij , who very much resemble the most radical of the Sunnis today , to the 7ners , to the Qizilbash -- my all - time favorites , to the Mahdists , to the Iranian death - wish believers of the Iran - Iraq war ) , it is military defeat that produces the fatigue and the spiritual deflation that leads to acquiescence ( and , sometimes , reflection ) .
I prefer " acquiescence " to " moderation " .
The latter arrives , but the English implies a certain thoughtfulness that should n't be underscored .
Unless you throttle the ifratiyyun -- the militants -- on the battlefield , they will come back at you .
Now , whether the Israelis -- and the Americans behind them -- have the stomach and patience for this , is a different question .
But decisive military defeat is history 's great " moderator " .
( Just ask the Germans . )
Unfortunately , as you have often said , the Middle East is a tough neighborhood , and Islam is n't a faith that has produced many men who are widely esteemed for their abiding love of peace and brotherhood with non-Muslims .
( A Muslim Jeffrey Goldberg , a former prison guard of Jews who tries to understand the " other " with sincere curiosity and not a small amount of affection , seems surreal . )
Israel 's present fundamentalist enemies will surely be the most tenacious foes the Jewish State has ever had .
Barring a ' 67 - like trauma for fundamentalists ( you want the Hamas and Hizbollah leadership to feel like Nasir ) , its hard to see this turning round .
Perhaps the Palestinians will turn on Hamas .
( If they do so , it will in great part be because Israel 's tanks , planes , and foot - soldiers made a convincing argument . )
The only way we are likely to know is next time at the urns .
It 's very hard imagining Fatah downing Hamas in a fight .
By Paul Martin
BBC News
My close friend Ashraf and I have worked , eaten , discussed ... even disagreed , through so many broadcasting assignments - some under intense pressure as Palestinian gunmen in Gaza fight Israel , or each other .
The Israeli attack on Gaza began on 27 December 2008
On the sixth day of this current war I could not get hold of Ashraf on the mobile phone .
Later , in tears , he told me why .
His youngest brother Mahmoud , aged 12 , and his 14 - year - old cousin , were told it was too dangerous outside Ashraf 's family home in the deserted side streets .
So the children played innocently on the family home 's flat roof .
Then an unmanned Israeli aircraft fired two small rockets .
Ashraf rushed upstairs and took the boys to hospital , but it was hopeless .
They were buried the same day .
I have also met killers - people who have destroyed innocents like Israeli Ella or Palestinian Mahmoud
Just the latest in a series of disasters for Mahmoud and Ashraf 's very dignified father , a medical doctor .
He had been turned into a refugee by the 1948 war .
A year ago he lost one son , my marvellous and irrepressible cameraman Ahmed , in a car crash .
And now his youngest boy , Mahmoud .
Macabre scene
Was there any reason for the rocket strike ?
Possibly .
The Israeli unmanned aerial vehicle may have relayed back live pictures not showing children but just some fuzzy figures moving on a rooftop .
How clear the aircraft 's picture of Ashraf 's rooftop was , is going to be the subject of an inquiry , the Israelis have promised .
Also , Ashraf 's home was close to one of the city 's security headquarters .
In June 2007 I had watched - sheltering under large slabs of meat dangling in a butcher 's shop - as the building was seized by Hamas forces .
I have seen civilians on the Israeli side die too , blown to bits in suicide bombings .
Eleven dead - including a whole family of six in a Jerusalem side street - bits of body splattered on the walls .
There was a macabre scene in 2001 at a beachside hotel in Netanya .
Knives and forks hanging embedded in the high ceiling of a dining room , where 30 elderly men and women had gathered for a festival meal , all now dead .
I sometimes lie awake and wonder , when I saw our target was close to civilians , whether I was right not to fire .
Maybe I let him live and tomorrow he will kill more of our civilians
Uri , Israeli pilot
And in the Israeli town of Sderot over two years ago , I met an ambulance driver who had raced to the scene of a rocket attack that flattened a house near the Gaza border .
He found his own grandson , one - year - old Osher , lying with his left eye dangling out and his head split open .
Doctors saved his life .
Then in a side street in Sderot there is a small bench , painted with red and blue flowers at the spot where 17 - year - old Ella , a talented musician , was walking when a rocket hit and killed her .
Compulsion to kill I have also met killers - people who have destroyed innocents like Israeli Ella or Palestinian Mahmoud .
They have their explanations .
Some months ago , I went with a Palestinian rocket - firing brigade keen to dispatch their weaponry into the heart of an Israeli town ( Sderot itself actually ) .
Twenty - four - year - old Mohammed ( on his first rocket - firing mission ) said Israeli men , women and children would one day end up fighters .
" So let 's kill them first , " he said .
Missiles have exploded near the homes of 90 % of Sderot 's residents Months later I met him in a Gaza street .
He had decided to retire from rocket - firing and return to computer programming .
Hamas 's prime minister has an American - educated adviser , who once told me on camera : " Our rockets are not lethal enough yet but one day , God willing , they will be . "
I also met two Israeli pilots from the Cobra brigade , their twisted snakes emblazoned on the sides of their one - man helicopters , each bristling with rocket launchers and a machine gun .
One pilot , Uri , pulled down his dark - glasses visor , then whipped out a Hebrew newspaper clipping with photos of a boy and his grandfather .
They died , he said , when this man was picking up this kid from the nursery school .
Uri was taking off , aiming to kill what he defined as terrorists .
" I always carry these photos with me on a mission , " he explained , " to remind me that when I hunt down a terrorist I am protecting people like these . "
Did he sleep easy at night ?
I asked him .
There was a long pause .
" No , " he said , " I sometimes lie awake and wonder , when I saw our target was close to civilians , whether I was right not to fire .
Maybe I let him live and tomorrow he will kill more of our civilians . "
From neither the Israeli nor the Palestinian fighting men could I detect much empathy for the innocent .
From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday , 10 January , 2009 at 1130 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .
Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A speeding truck rammed a woman 's sedan at over 100 MPH on a Texas freeway last Friday .
Why ?
According to the Archangel Gabriel / Michael E. Schwab , a resident of Blooming Grove , Texas , the woman " was not driving like a Christian . "
Advertisement
Schwab failed to explain what the woman had done to prompt the Lord 's wrath and investigators have since determined that she violated no traffic laws .
She was driving North on highway 281 when Schwab struck the rear of her sedan .
The impact spun both vehicles across the median before being brought to a halt by the barrier on the far side of the south bound lanes .
Neither party was seriously injured by the accident , although both vehicles appear to be totaled .
Describing the accident , Lt. Kyle Coleman of the Bexar County Sheriff 's Department said , " He just said God said she was n't driving right , and she needed to be taken off the road . "
According to a release issued by the department , Schwab told police " the other vehicle was not driving like a Christian and it was Jesus ' will for him to punish the car . "
It was Schwab who told the police that he was traveling over 100 MPH at the time of the impact .
Advertisement
Schwab has since been charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , been placed under a $ 50,000 bond and will now face a psychological evaluation .
" God must have been with them , ' cause any other time , the severity of this crash , it would have been a fatal , " said Lt. Coleman .
[ via My San Antonio ]
After postponing his trip earlier this week , senior Defense Ministry official Amos Gilad is returning to Cairo on Thursday for talks with Egyptian intelligence chief Omar Suleiman on the ceasefire proposal .
On his return , the security cabinet is to review the Egyptian proposal for a ceasefire and an end to weapons smuggling in the Gaza Strip .
If the measures are deemed acceptable , they will be submitted to the government for approval .
Gilad 's trip comes against the backdrop of stepped - up international efforts to end Israel 's military campaign against Hamas , in its 20th day Thursday , and reports of progress in talks between Egyptian officials and Hamas representatives in Cairo .
Following discussions Wednesday in Cairo , Hamas officials expressed hope that the Egyptian effort will succeed , but stressed that they are still seeking clarifications of the Egyptian proposal .
Gaza - based Hamas representative Salah al - Bardawil told reporters in Cairo that Hamas has presented the Egyptian leadership with a more detailed version , but does not reject the " broad outlines " of the Egyptian truce plan .
At the same , Hamas leadership in Damascus voiced reservations .
Hamas deputy political leader Moussa Abu Marzouk said Hamas has reservations regarding the duration of the truce , the timing of an Israeli troop withdrawal from the Gaza Strip in relation to a ceasefire taking effect , and monitoring arrangements along the border and at the border crossings .
He said Hamas is waiting to hear from the Egyptians after their discussions with Israel .
The international community continues its efforts to bring an end to fighting .
United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki Moon is continuing his regional tour aimed at advancing a ceasefire .
The foreign ministries of France and Germany declared in a joint statment their countries ' commitment to support arrangements to prevent weapons smuggling and the opening of border crossings within the framework of a permanent ceasefire .
By REKA Israel , Copyright .
US , Japanese Researchers Mix Samples of 1918 Flu Pandemic to Recreate Deadly Code -- Compiled by Lori Price , www.legitgov.org
Three genes can turn normal flu into a killer , University of Wisconsin - Madison researchers find 30 Dec 2008
Three key genes can turn a regular flu virus into a super killer like the strain that devastated the world 90 years ago and one that could come again , University of Wisconsin - Madison researchers found in a study involving ferrets .
The discovery by a team led by virologist Yoshihiro Kawaoka could help scientists better recognize new flu strains capable of causing a global epidemic , or pandemic , and develop drugs to ward off any kind of flu , the researchers said .
Kawaoka said the goal was to find out why recreate the 1918 flu virus , known as the Spanish flu , was so deadly , killing up to 50 million people .
Researchers recreate 1918 flu pandemic virus -- Why ?
And , why is no one * asking * why ?
29 Dec 2008
Researchers have found out what made the 1918 flu pandemic so deadly -- a group of three genes that lets the virus invade the lungs and cause pneumonia .
They mixed samples of the 1918 influenza strain with modern seasonal flu viruses to find the three genes and said their study might help in the development of new flu drugs .
The discovery , published in Tuesday 's issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , could also point to mutations that might turn ordinary flu into a dangerous pandemic strain .
Most flu experts agree that a pandemic of influenza will almost certainly strike again .
No one knows when [ the US unleashes it ] or what strain it will be but one big suspect now is the H5N1 avian influenza virus .
In a recent article at Portfolio.com , Megan Barnett comments on discrepancies between financial / economic data publicly available in reports from the Fed , and statements to the contrary , made by Fed Chairman Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Paulson , in recent months , and wants to know if Paulson and Bernanke Are Lying to Us .
There are … inconsistencies between what Bernanke stated to Congress in late October about consumer credit with the data made available by his own organization in the same month .
So , what gives ?
Celent [ a consulting firm ] concludes that one of two scenarios is possible : 1 ) Bernanke and Paulson have access to far more data than is made available publicly and that data is painting a far more grim picture of the state of bank lending .
“ However , it is hard to see why the Federal Reserve Bank itself would publish and continue to publish information that it knows is misleading at best , and simply wrong at worst , ” the report notes .
Why would Bernanke , Paulson , et al. continue to publish misleading or deceptive information ?
For the same reason that governments in general , and central bankers specifically , always rely on misdirection , deception , and outright lies .
Trust in fiat money is important to the central bank , and trust in the central bank is of paramount import to the State in general , without which its power over the population is vastly diminished , or can be exercised only with open and notorious acts of violence , the likes of which rarely go unpunished .
Without fear of anarchy , government ceases to be tolerated by the populace .
For this reason , those in power continue to spread the lie , that government is both necessary and benevolent , despite thousands of contrarian data points .
Without continuing trust in central bank fiat money , the economic system that concentrates benefits among those in power ( i.e. , banks in particular , but from a broader perspective , big businesses and governments ) would grind to an immediate halt .
The report also suggests an alternative :
2 ) The Feds are reacting to a situation at a particular set of businesses and banks and are incorrectly generalizing these to the whole economy , which would mean that the policy tools they are using are the wrong ones .
Well , this would n’t be terribly surprising .
Just because the State has a tremendous amount of power and influence , does n’t mean that it is capable of using those instruments effectively .
And it would n’t be the first time that “ the policy tools they are using are the wrong ones , ” either .
But of course , that depends how you judge the adequacy of the policy in the first place .
It ’s very likely that the policies being privately pursued by the government are inconsistent and / or incompatible with the policies they claim to pursue in the interest of the public welfare .
In this particular case , the government ’s public goal is to “ fix the economy . ”
It ’s entirely possible that the government ’s definition of “ fix ” is not the same as yours , in which case they are lying .
Or , they have no idea what they ’re doing , in which case they ’re incompetent .
Neither a liar or an imbecile is fit to wield < em > any < / em > control over other people ’s lives , let alone , play marionette with the structure of the economy .
Google Chrome did a smart thing : Less .
They unified the search box and address bar , since that ’s what people do anyway .
That gives us back precious pixels for the only thing that ’s as important to an average web user as where they ’re going :
Who they are .
Identity belongs in the browser .
Do n’t just believe me , just this week ReadWriteWeb talks about The End of Online Anonymity and TechCrunch on how Facebook Connect is the Biggest Battle Yet For Social Networks : You , Your Identity And Your Data On The Open Web .
As Web 2.0 took root , the ability to login to a site , store preferences and build a profile became ubiquitous .
Beyond reading news or blogs , it ’s fairly rare that you ’re on a site where you ’re either not logged in or do n’t have the ability to login .
The downside is that just about every site requires you to create a new account and have cookies to keep you logged in .
Thus when your cookie disappears , you have to login again .
Maybe your browser ’s password manager eases this pain , but there are plenty of people that would be in a world of hurt if their browser every forgot all of their passwords ( or they use a friend ’s computer ) .
If we remove passwords from the equation and instead use OpenID , there ’s the notion that upon visiting an OpenID enabled site ( now numbering more than 25,000 across the web ) you ’ll most likely submit a form telling that site about your OpenID .
I might go to MapQuest and login by typing in my OpenID “ http://www.davidrecordon.com/” or Ma.gnolia and clicking a “ Sign up with a Yahoo! ID ” button .
These interactions , with various tweaks around them , are very much the status quo today .
If OpenID wishes to see true mainstream adoption , this will need to change .
Imagine if your web browser really knew who you were on the web .
Just as you login to your computer , what if when you fired up your browser , it said “ Hello Dave ” and asked you to “ unlock it ” as well ( Chris Messina was quite influential in my thinking about it this way ) .
In doing so you become securely logged into your OpenID provider ( or maybe more than one of them ) and as you move around the web your browser takes care of automatically logging you into the sites that you want to be , asking you about others , and helping you register with new ones using your OpenID .
Argue as much as you want about the details in making this happen , but I think it ’s hard to disagree that making it easier for people to manage and use their identity ( or identities ) online is a bad thing .
There are a lot of proposals around how current OpenID interactions will change – a great summit on OpenID usability was held a little over a month ago – and whether it be more one - click buttons , less buttons , bigger logos , or email addresses I think it ’s also worth looking at what it will take to really get the browser involved .
This certainly is n’t a new idea , every major browser has the ability to remember passwords and FireFox even has those pesky user profiles so that people could theoretically have different cookies , bookmarks and other settings .
In the internet identity space this is n’t a new idea either .
Information Cards ( more widely known by Microsoft ’s CardSpace implementation in Windows ) have credit card like rich desktop integration built using WS -* and SAML .
Dick Hardt ’s team up in Canada has built Sxipper for FireFox which helps with both OpenID and normal web forms as well .
When I was working for VeriSign , we developed the OpenID Seatbelt which is also a FireFox extension designed to make OpenID easier and prevent phishing by detecting OpenID enabled sites and your provider .
Today , MySpace , Flock and Vidoop released a prototype of their implementation toward this vision with OpenID for Flock .
All three of these browser plugins help you manage your OpenIDs , detect when you ’re on an OpenID enabled site , and then make it easier to sign in .
To me , what Sxipper aspires to enable feels the most useful for a mainstream user .
OpenID for Flock is an add - on that polishes previous attempts of putting OpenID into a browser .
While the user experience and graphics are quite a bit better than what I helped build at VeriSign , it ’s lacking the features that help prevent phishing ( making sure you ’re actually logging into your OpenID provider versus a phishing site that looks like it ) which is a bit surprising given Vidoop ’s involvement .
That said , OpenID for Flock is Open Source as part of a project dubbed IDentity in the Browser ( IDIB ) which the same cannot be said for either Sxipper or VeriSign ’s OpenID Seatbelt .
Given that IDIB is Open Source and already written as a Flock add - on , I ’d certainly expect to see it ported to FireFox and there be far more community support of it compared to the other add - ons .
So where do we go from here ?
I do n’t know how to write great browser plugins so just doing it is out .
It ’s great to see Flock ’s direct involvement in this Open Source effort as it shows browser vendors innovating and experimenting with how their own products must evolve to support identity .
Maybe this will cause the other browser vendors to think seriously about what they too could be doing in future versions to help make identity management easer and more secure on the web .
In my mind , Gears can help us get there .
While it started as a project by Google to evolve web browsers faster and add needed features like offline support , it ’s grown beyond that with offline support now coming in HTML 5 and a new Geolocation API .
Today Gears runs on half a dozen different browser / platform combinations including FireFox , Internet Explorer , Safari , Chrome and Android .
If there was ever a developer platform to build an Open Source cross browser implementation of what OpenID support might look like , Gears seems like the place to do it .
Not only does this mean that we ’ll need to write less code to have it work in multiple browsers , but ideally if it became mature enough maybe the Gears team would choose to ship OpenID support as well ?
All of a sudden , the community could be down from a handful of browser plugins to one leading Open Source example .
What do you think ?
Do you agree that identity is becoming as essential to a browser as location ?
Should we content ourselves for issues like security to be relegated to a few dozen - pixel lock icon , or have Big - Red - Phishing - Warnings set a standard that important issues deserve significant real estate ?
Really though , should the browser become more actively involved in how you use the web on a daily basis ?
The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine calls upon the Greek movement , the Greek people and all international progressive forces to halt the planned shipment of U.S. arms to Israel from the Greek port of Astakos .
International media reports have revealed that the U.S. Navy is attempting to ship 325 20 - foot containers of ammunition , over 3000 tons , in an emergency shipment of arms to aid the occupation in its ongoing war crimes against the Palestinian people in Gaza .
The PFLP is calling upon the people of the world , and particularly the Greek movement to act to stop this shipment of arms .
The U.S. has been attempting to hire a merchant ship to transport the weaponry to the Israelis at Asdud port in mid- to late January .
This weaponry must not be allowed to enter the hands of the Israelis , where it will be used to massacre our people in Gaza !
It must be stopped by all means !
These bombs are going to be used in Israel 's wars - against Palestinians , Lebanese , Arabs , Iranians , and the people of the region .
This emergency shipment indicates that the occupier is demanding ever more weaponry in its futile war of massacres against the Palestinian people and the Palestinian resistance .
The demand of the Palestinian people , the Arab people , and all progressive forces - including the progressive forces in the U.S. - is the international isolation and the end of all U.S. aid to Israel .
The U.S. government , however is Israel 's strategic partner , and is committed to partnering with Israel in its massacres and crimes against our people .
If they will not stop the arms shipment , the people of Greece and the people of the world must stop it for them !
The PFLP salutes the Greek people - your unconditional solidarity and your mass demonstrations in support of the Palestinian people have sent a strong and powerful message of support , combined with aid , volunteers , and action on the ground .
Your own courageous struggles for justice have inspired us and people around the world .
We are calling upon :
1. All Greek companies and all shipping companies to refuse to carry any shipment of arms to Israel .
Any shipping company who carries these weapons has the blood of the people of Gaza on its hands !
2. Greek workers and all port workers to refuse to load the cargo for any shipment of arms to Israel .
The strong hands of Greek workers and Greek labor should not be sullied with this dangerous cargo !
3 . The Greek government to prohibit the use of its port to ship arms to the occupation state massacring our people !
4 . The Greek people , the Greek movement , and all international and progressive forces to take action to stop any such shipment from loading or leaving the port of Astakos !
The PFLP is calling for your continuing unconditional solidarity and support to prevent the U.S. and Israel from using the land and ports of the Greek people a supply base for occupation , massacres , and crimes .
The Greek people have a proud history and present of struggle .
The relationship between the Arab people and the Greek people is strong and powerful and we call upon you today to march with us once again toward victory and justice for the Palestinian people and block this arms shipment !
Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine
January 10 , 2009
Thousands stranded as bullet trains grind to a halt in Japan
Nearly 140,000 New Year rail passengers were left stranded in Japan today after more than 250 high - speed bullet trains were grounded by a computer glitch .
The delays are extremely embarrassing for the punctuality - obsessed bosses of the network , who offer a full refund to travellers if trains are more than five minutes late .
The trouble came a day after heavy snow and strong winds separately forced the company to suspend 35 bullet train services , also in eastern and northern Japan , affecting more than 30,000 passengers .
The bullet train system in Japan was grounded for three hours today due to a computer glitch
The glitch occurred after railway officials worked all night to input data into the company ’s computer system in order to reschedule trains .
‘ We are investigating whether there was a problem with the system itself or the way in which we made the input , ’ a spokesman for Japan Railways Group said .
A total of 112 trains were cancelled and 146 others were delayed , affecting 137,000 passengers , the company said .
Travellers were forced onto later trains that became crowded as a result , witnesses said .
‘ The aisles and door areas were jam - packed with people , so much so that it was impossible to get to the toilets .
I was really worn out , ’ a young man told public broadcaster NHK after his train arrived at Tokyo ’s central station .
New Year ’s
Day is the most important holiday of the year for many Japanese , who pack trains and planes as they travel across the country to spend time with loved ones .
There were long queues of people late into the afternoon at Tokyo Station , waiting to change their reservations or buy tickets .
The bullet train - or Shinkansen - was introduced as the world ’s fastest rail service in the run-up to the 1964 Tokyo Summer Olympics , showcasing Japan ’s technological prowess as it rebuilt after the Second World War .
A new Adblock Plus 0.7.5.5 + for K - Meleon development build ( 2008112213 ) has been uploaded .
Multi-language build is available but not all translations are done yet ( missing strings will be in English ) .
This is a release candidate for Adblock Plus 1.0 for K - Meleon .
Installation
https://adblockplus.org/devbuilds/
Warning : Format of patterns.ini file changed in a way that is not backwards compatible .
If you want to go back to an older version of Adblock Plus , keep a backup or you will loose all your filters .
Changes
Same as Adblock Plus 1.0 Release Candidate .
Source code revision : ecc9687b59f9
Commenting is closed for this article .
Top robotics expert Professor Noel Sharkey , of the University of Sheffield , has called for international guidelines to be set for the ethical and safe application of robots before it is too late .
Professor Sharkey , writing in the prestigious Science journal , believes that as the use of robots increases , decisions about their application will be left to the military , industry and busy parents instead of international legislative bodies .
Robots have been used in laboratories and factories for many years , but their uses are changing fast .
Since the turn of the century , sales of professional and personal service robots have risen sharply and are estimated to total 5.5 million in 2008 .
IFR Statistics estimate 11.5 million in the next two years .
The price of robot manufacture is also falling .
With robots 80 % cheaper in 2006 than they were in 1990 , they are set to enter our lives in unprecedented numbers .
Service robots are currently being used in all walks of life , from child - minding robots to robots that care for the elderly .
These types of robots can be controlled by a mobile phone or from a PC , allowing input from camera " eyes " and remote talking from caregivers .
Sophisticated elder - care robots like the Secom " My Spoon " automatic feeding robot ; the Sanyo electric bathtub robot that automatically washes and rinses ; and the Mitsubishi Wakamura robot , used for reminding people to take their medicine , are already in widespread use .
Despite this no international legislation or policy guidelines currently exist , except in terms of negligence .
This is still to be tested in court for robot surrogates and may be difficult to prove in the home ( relative to cases of physical abuse ) .
Professor Sharkey urges his fellow scientists and engineers working in robotics to be mindful of the unanticipated risks and the ethical problems linked to their work .
He believes that robots for care represent just one of many ethically problematic areas that will soon arise from the increase in their use , and that policy guidelines for ethical and safe application need to be set before the guidelines set themselves .
He said : " Research into service robots has demonstrated close bonding and attachment by children , who , in most cases , prefer a robot to a teddy bear .
Short - term exposure can provide an enjoyable and entertaining experience that creates interest and curiosity .
" However , because of the physical safety that robot minders provide , children could be left without human contact for many hours a day or perhaps for several days , and the possible psychological impact of the varying degrees of social isolation on development is unknown .
" At the other end of the age spectrum , the relative increase in many countries in the population of the elderly relative to available younger caregivers has spurred the development of elder - care robots .
These robots can help the elderly to maintain independence in their own homes , but their presence could lead to the risk of leaving the elderly in the exclusive care of machines without sufficient human contact . "
Source : University of Sheffield
Three Scottish banks print their own notes
An attempt is to be made at Westminster to make it legally binding for shops and businesses in England to accept Scottish banknotes .
At the moment traders south of the border can refuse to take such notes .
A private member 's bill is being launched in the Commons by Shadow Scottish Secretary David Mundell .
It would require all providers of goods or services in the UK which accept Bank of England notes to take Scottish banknotes on an equal basis .
In Scotland , three banks retain the right to print their own money - the Royal Bank of Scotland , the Bank of Scotland and the Clydesdale Bank .
These banknotes are not backed by the force of law anywhere in the UK .
What I am saying is if a business accepts a Bank of England note , it would be under an obligation to accept the equivalent Scottish note - provided there was no suggestion that it was not genuine
David Mundell MP
Treated ' almost like a criminal '
People who use Scottish notes in England have no legal recourse if they are refused .
The only notes that carry the force of law are those issued by the Bank of England .
Mr Mundell 's proposal came courtesy of an appeal to voters in his Dumfriesshire , Clydesdale and Tweeddale constituency .
He asked them to come up with suggestions of new laws they would like to see introduced .
One of the ideas put forward was to make it illegal for people in other UK countries to refuse Scottish banknotes .
Mr Mundell told BBC Radio Scotland 's Good Morning Scotland programme he had consciously avoided the complex issue of legal tender .
He said : " What I am saying is , if a business accepts a Bank of England note , it would be under an obligation to accept the equivalent Scottish note - provided there was no suggestion that it was not genuine " .
The politician added it was not yet known whether the Treasury was sympathetic to his bill , but he had support from MPs , including Scots MPs .
He said he had noticed lots of people coming into his own constituency from England who were worried about Scots notes being accepted when they went back over the border .
" That just should n't be the case because these notes are equally valid and have the same worth , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Britain's major lenders have tightened credit availability significantly in the past three months , and intend to make borrowed cash even harder to get hold of in the coming quarter , according to a survey from the Bank of England .
The development comes in spite of the Government 's insistence when it bailed out three of the UK 's biggest lenders in October that they would raise mortgage availability back to 2007 levels .
Ramón Calderón has resigned as ­president of Real Madrid .
The 57 - year - old , who took over at the club after winning ­contested elections in the summer of 2006 , announced his decision at a board meeting .
The decision comes in the light of a corruption scandal uncovered by the sports daily Marca and was formally confirmed at a press ­conference held at the Santiago Bernabéu .
Calderón once again rejected claims of his involvement in the scandal , insisting he walks away from the club with a " clear conscience " .
" I have nothing to hide , " he said .
" I firmly deny all the lies that have been published by various media sources in the past few days .
I never participated in anything illegal or committed any wrongdoing … I may have committed mistakes but never irregularities .
" Over the past two - and - a - half years I have put my body and soul into this club .
I walk away with clean hands and a clear conscience , and less money and health than when I started . "
Calderón will be replaced by the vice - president Vicente Boluda , with elections set to be called for the summer , 12 months ahead of schedule .
Cristiano Ronaldo's name is sure to be mentioned once again in the Spanish capital as candidates look to out - do each other with promises of signings .
Calderón 's failure to secure the signature of Manchester United 's winger was a key reason for his unpopularity .
Marca alleged Calderón had sneaked a number of people into the club 's assembly of " compromisarios " , members with voice and vote , in December , during which his administration of the club over the past year was approved by a slim margin .
Having announced that Real would launch an investigation , Marca named 10 men who had attended the assembly without fulfilling the criteria to be compromisarios .
All 10 voted for Calderón .
The Real president had held a press conference on Wednesday , during which he sacked Luís Bárcena , the club 's director of " socios " ( members ) .
He also sacked a 25 - year - old employee called Mariano Rodríguez de Barutell , known as " Nanín " .
According to Calderón , Nanín had admitted that he sneaked the members in , but he was unable to explain why .
Calderón had said he would continue as ­president and that he knew nothing about the ­infiltration of fraudulent compromisarios .
He also said that he did not know the men in question .
But a second Marca follow - up showed photographs suggesting that at least four were close friends of Calderón 's brother , Ignacio , and his son , Jaime .
Nanín said he " only did what I was told to do by those above me " .
This was just the latest in a series of allegations made about the president .
The difference this time was that evidence was presented to support the accusations .
Despite winning back - to - back titles , ­Calderón has not recovered from a number of broken promises .
He came to power pledging to sign Arjen ­Robben , Cesc Fábregas and Kaka .
Only Robben arrived – a year late .
Nor has Calderón been helped by his failure to sign Ronaldo .
At the recent presentation of Klaas - Jan Huntelaar fans chanted " where is Ronaldo ? "
Your company is freezing raises long enough to give your bank account freezer burn and you know those Penny Pincher patties are cheap but not something you want to feed your dog , let alone the kids .
Sustainability and your carbon footprint – of course you care , but you ’re not about to invest a Whole Paycheck in eco d’oeuvres and with all the side jobs you ’re taking on who has time to plant a garden ?
Sustainability ?
Sure , sustain my stomach , please !
Okay , maybe that ’s a little extreme .
But by eating a little “ lower ” on the food chain you ’ll not only save money and help the planet , you ’ll enjoy what you ’re eating , too .
Just try out a few of these easy tips each week and gradually add in more as you ’re able .
Eliminate meat .
A plant - based diet is what eating low on the food chain is all about .
It ’s healthy , incredibly cheap and of course it ’s good for the planet .
Wait a minute .
Brakes .
Ca n’t stand the thought of a life without bacon ?
If you do n’t want to give up meat , just reduce .
The Standard American Diet of having meat with every meal is not very healthy , nor is it cheap .
If – as many argue – meat does your body good , you still only really need it a few times a week .
A few easy tricks to eat less meat : only eat meat at one meal a day ; cut portions in half ; go veg one week a month .
Use the money you save to seek out options that are organic and hormone - free .
Try some lesser common , but sustainably harvested and exotic meats like bison , ostrich and emu .
Do some foraging and gathering .
It ’s not stealing , it ’s finding .
Surely there are some blackberry bushes nearby , or a clean spring where you can gather watercress ?
Even if you live in the most urban area imaginable , you probably have a neighbor with a few fruit trees in their yard who would be grateful to give away a bag or two .
Be creative and learn about local , wild foods such as wild fruits , mushrooms , grains , nuts and greens .
Ever had miner ’s lettuce ?
Chanterelles ( below ) are easy to identify and gather .
Grow something .
Even if you do n’t have the greenest of thumbs , it ’s easy to keep a few potted herbs .
Nurturing plants and watching them grow will help you appreciate the delicious flavors they give while saving money on expensive prepared sauces and seasonings .
Cook with fresh garlic .
Although it ’s convenient to go for fast food or a frozen pizza , you ’ll be delighted by the savory difference and money savings when you use the fresh stuff .
All you need is a little garlic .
It ’s amazing how the most basic meals – rice , beans , frozen vegetables – become gourmet treats with garlic .
( Try shallots , too .
Chef ’s secret . )
Plan ahead .
Since fruit and vegetable - based foods will digest more quickly than meat - based meals , you may find yourself getting hungry more often .
It ’s actually healthier to “ graze ” throughout the day on smaller , healthier snacks than to pack in 2 or 3 large meals .
Make sure you always have some fruits , nuts or fresh vegetables to snack on during the day so you do n’t get overly hungry and head to the vending machine for a candy bar .
Invent salads you can get addicted to .
Venture beyond shredded iceberg and bulk up your salads with mushrooms , cheese , nuts , artichokes , beans , hummus , heart of palm , beets , carrots , tofu and other substantial ingredients .
Check out these salad ideas .
No packaged foods .
Go for fresh , dried , or frozen foods over highly processed ones , and look for minimal packaging .
A banana peel is a good package .
3 layers of impenetrable plastic casing around a pre-made meal ?
Not so good .
Processed foods can seem cheap , but they ’re terrible for your health .
The only real drawback to cheap unprocessed foods like beans and grains is that you need to plan ahead for cooking time .
You ’d be surprised how easy it is to get into a routine , though .
For example , cook up a big pot of rice and a big pot of beans on Sunday , and you ’ll have dinners all week .
Eat organic as much as possible .
Conventional farming relies heavily on petroleum - based pesticides and fertilizers , not to mention all the machinery needed on huge corporate farms .
Smaller organic farms use natural methods and more human - power to get the job done .
Plus , organic farming replenishes , rather than depletes , the soil and has less of a negative impact on local water supplies .
But organic can be pricey .
The good news is that it ’s cheap if you know where to look – try the farmers ’ market or sign up for a CSA .
Discover better grains .
Are you sick of rice ?
I do n’t blame you .
Go for protein - rich quinoa instead .
If you love rice , seek out new varieties that provide different flavors and textures ( and nutrients ) from what you ’ve probably grown used to .
Quinoa , by the way , is a complete vegetarian protein , cooks up fast , is pennies per serving , and goes with everything .
Keep your kitchen stocked with fruits and vegetables .
If you have them around , you ’ll eat them , especially if they ’re displayed nicely .
Every kitchen needs a handy fruit bowl or basket .
Making your food appealing is half the fun .
Here ’s a money - saving tip : buy all the frozen produce you want , from berries to green beans to peas .
These are often fresher than the “ fresh ” produce , and you can usually get things on sale .
Explore vegetarian proteins .
Think outside the tofu cube – there are a lot more options than that .
We ’ve compiled a list of our favorite veggie proteins that are cheap and tasty .
But , do n’t write off tofu cubes .
A large pack of extra - firm high - protein tofu costs a fraction of what a steak costs .
True , it ’s not filet , but tofu does n’t deserve its bland reputation .
Baked , cubed tofu with things like melted cheese , herbs , chili sauce , or soy sauce – to name a few additions – is really good .
Do n’t forget about eggs – they ’re filling , nutritious and much cheaper than meat .
I recommend finding a local farmer or buying organic .
( Vegetarian eggs benedict : slightly more than survivable . )
Beans , beans , the carbon cutting fruit .
The humble bean has been much maligned for its tendency to turn us gassy , but I ’m asking you to give beans a chance !
Beans contain protein , B vitamins and iron , and have virtually no fat .
With such a variety of beans available , it ’s easy to experiment with soups and side dishes .
Eat the beans with other foods like fruits , vegetables and a little fat ( like olive oil ) to reduce the “ music ” if that ’s a frequent problem for you .
Proper cook time helps , too .
Try the “ Five Day Eat - Low - On - The - Food - Chain Meal Challenge . ”
Check out the delicious , healthy meal plans provided and adjust them to suit your needs .
You will not go hungry and you ’ll save money .
Choose your fish wisely .
Mercury is prevalent in tuna and salmon is over - harvested .
Besides , these things are costly .
Seems like sardines , mackerels and herring are the new way to go .
Sardines ?
Do n’t turn your nose up at them until you try this easy , inexpensive recipe for Sardines with Gremolata .
Add sea vegetables to your diet .
Can you get any lower on the food chain than kelp , dulse and wakame ?
But talk about high nutrition .
Sea vegetables contain trace minerals and nutrients that can be hard to find in other veggies .
Try wrapping your salads or rice and beans in nori rolls for homemade sushi , or sprinkle dulse flakes on soups and salads .
Sprout .
Growing your own sprouts in your kitchen is the definition of low - maintenance .
Check out these easy instructions .
Sprouts are a living food , so they ’re full of vitamins and enzymes that are destroyed when veggies are cooked .
Move beyond basic alfalfa and add some extra nutrition to your salads and sandwiches .
You wo n’t need all those condiments that , when factored in gallons , cost hundreds of dollars .
Snack on raw nuts and seeds .
Avoid the canned , processed and salty blends and just go for raw quantities in bulk for big savings and better nutrition .
Nuts are particularly good for your heart and brain – essential during stressful times !
( Check out our gourmet fruit - and - nut - mix recipe . )
– with reporting by Sara Ost
Top image : Crystl
Post images : notmartha , masochismtango , bastique , jslander , madam li , steffenz
Reading through today 's headlines , I and many American 's grow increasingly concerned about our nation 's economy .
We keep hearing about the government proposing bills and other measures to increase government spending in order to help our economy .
This inherently raises the question ; does increased government spending really help our economy ?.
When our economy is in a “ rut ” the federal government feels it has to be a knight in shining armor and save the economy by injecting what advocates call “ stimulus ” into the economy .
Advocates of this practice claim the government can place money into our economy , increasing demand and therefore increasing production .
This , however , is not the case .
Government spending fails to stimulate economic growth because every dollar Congress “ injects ” into the economy must first be taxed or borrowed out of the economy .
Thus , government spending “ stimulus ” merely redistributes existing income , doing nothing to increase productivity or employment , and therefore nothing to create additional income .
Even worse , many federal expenditures weaken the private sector by directing resources toward less productive uses and thus impede income growth .
Congress does not have a vault of money waiting to be spent and , as stated above , takes money out of the economy and then is redistributed .
No new spending power is created .
People may rebuttal to this argument by saying stimulus takes money from “ savers ” and gives it to “ spenders ” thus leading to additional spending .
This assumes the “ savers ” are people who store all of their money outside of the economy in places such as their mattresses .
In actuality , nearly all Americans invest by purchasing financial assets such as stocks or bonds ( which finances business ) , or they purchase non-financial assets such as real - estate or collectables , or they deposit it into banks ( who quickly invest or loan the money ) .
Whether people choose to spend or save their money , the money is always used .
Any government cannot create spending power out of thin air .
The money has to come from either taxes or borrowing the money .
If congress taxes the masses , existing income is merely redistributed .
Congress can choose to borrow money from domestic investors but in doing so those investors have less to invest in the private economy .
If Congress borrows the money from foreigners , the balance of payments will adjust by equally reducing net exports , leaving GDP unchanged .
This merely reiterates the fact that the government must get their money from somewhere else .
This does not mean that government spending has no effect on the economy .
Government spending often alters the composition of total demand , such as increasing consumption at the expense of investment .
More importantly , government spending can alter future economic growth .
Economic growth results from producing more goods and services ( not from redistributing existing income ) , and that requires productivity growth and growth in the labor supply .
A government 's impact on economic growth is , therefore , determined by its policies ' effect on labor productivity and labor supply .
Productivity growth requires increasing the amount of capital , either material or human , relative to the amount of labor employed .
Productivity growth is facilitated by smoothly functioning markets indicating accurate price signals to which buyers and sellers , firms and workers can respond in flexible markets .
Only in the rare instances where the private sector fails to provide these needs in sufficient amounts is government spending necessary .
For instance , government spending on education , job training , physical infrastructure , and research and development can increase long - term productivity rates , but only if government spending does not crowd out similar private spending and only if government spends the money more effectively than businesses , nonprofit organizations , and private citizens .
More specifically , government must secure a higher long - term return on its investment than taxpayers ' ( or investors lending the government ) requirements with the same funds .
Historically , governments have rarely outperformed the private sector in generating productivity growth .
Even when government spending improves economic growth rates on balance it is most certainly necessary to see the differences between immediate and future effects .
Immediate stimulus from government spending does not exist because that money had to be removes from another part of the economy .
However , and investment in productivity may aid future economic growth , once it has been fully completed and is being used by the American workforce .
For example , spending on energy itself does not improve economic growth , yet the eventual existence of a completed , well - functioning energy system can .
Those economic impacts can take years , or even decades , to occur .
Throughout history most government spending has reduced productivity and economic growth due to several factors .
These factors include : taxes , displacement , incentives , and inefficiencies .
Most government spending is financed through taxes .
When there are higher taxes there is less incentive to work , save , and invest resulting in a less motivated workforce as well as less business investment in new capital and technology .
Few government expenditures raise productivity enough to offset the productivity lost due to taxes .
Every dollar spent by politicians means one dollar less to be allocated based on market forces within the more productive private sector .
For example , rather than allowing the market to give out investments , politicians seize that money and assign it for favored organizations with little regard for improvements to economic efficiency , this is displacement .
Social spending often reduces incentives for productivity by subsidizing leisure and unemployment .
Combined with taxes , it is clear that taxing one person to subsidize another reduces both of their incentives to be productive , since productivity no longer determines one 's income .
Government provision of housing , education , and postal operations are often much less efficient than the private sector .
Government also distorts existing health care and education markets by promoting third - party payers , resulting in over - consumption and disregard for prices and outcomes .
Another example of inefficiency is when politicians earmark highway money for wasteful pork projects rather than expanding highway capacity where it is most needed .
These inefficiencies happen everywhere .
Still need more proof ?
Massive spending hikes in the 1930s , 1960s , and 1970s all failed to increase economic growth rates .
Yet in the 1980s and 1990s , when the federal government shrank by one - fifth as a percentage of gross domestic product ( GDP ) , the U.S. economy enjoyed its greatest expansion to date .
Cross-national comparisons yield the same result .
The U.S. government spends significantly less than the 15 pre-2004 European Union nations , and yet enjoys 40 percent larger per capita GDP , 50 percent faster economic growth rates , and a substantially lower unemployment rate ( 1 ) .
Economic growth is driven by individuals , investors and entrepreneurs operating in free markets , not by Washington spending and regulations .
The idea that transferring spending power from the private sector to Washington will expand the economy has been thoroughly discredited , yet congress continues to return to this strategy .
The U.S. economy has grown highest when the federal government was shrinking , and it has been stunted at times of government expansion .
This experience has been paralleled in Europe , where government expansion has been followed by economic decline .
A strong private sector provides the nation with strong economic growth and benefits for all Americans .
Sources :
[ 1 ] This originally appeared in Daniel J. Mitchell , “ The Impact of Government Spending on Economic Growth , ” Heritage Foundation Backgrounder No. 1831 , March 15 , 2005 , at http://www.heritage.org/research/budget/bg1831.cfm.
The EU–15 consists of the 15 member states of the European Union before the 2004 enlargement : Austria , Belgium , Denmark , Finland , France , Germany , Greece , Ireland , Italy , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Sweden , and the United Kingdom .
Justin L. Mynar & Takuzo Aida / Nature
Imagine a flat tire that repairs itself .
A basketball that never goes flat .
Children 's toys that can't be broken .
All of these things could one day be possible thanks to the advance of synthetic rubber that self - heals like Silly Putty .
Unlike the large molecules in conventional rubber , the material invented by French scientists Ludwik Leibler and Philippe Cordier is made of smaller molecules joined by hydrogen bonds .
When the material is cut , molecules that were separated seek out new partners .
When the two pieces are pressed together again , lonely molecules bond , reinstating the integrity of the material .
While scientists and bloggers dream up amazing applications , such as one day using the material to mend broken bones and ligaments , Leibler and Cordier are teaming up with French chemical company Arkema to find immediate applications .
By mixing their material with asphalt , they 're creating roads that wo n't crack , which will likely be available in a year .
They 're also developing a harder , shinier material that could be used for unbreakable household items like vases or dishes .
What 's next ?
Well , use your imagination .
RELATED STORIES :
BEST + BRIGHTEST 2008 : 27 More New Geniuses Whose Ideas Will Change the World !
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Mrs Palin discussed politics , Carla Bruni and a possible joint hunting trip
US vice - presidential hopeful Sarah Palin has become the victim of a prank phone call by a Canadian comedian posing as the French president .
Marc Antoine Audette convinced Alaska 's governor she was speaking to Nicolas Sarkozy during a six - minute chat aired on a Montreal radio programme .
Topics discussed ranged from the beauty of Mr Sarkozy 's wife , Carla Bruni , to the prospect of a joint hunting trip .
A spokesperson for Mrs Palin said she was " mildly amused " by the prank .
At one point during the phone call , aired three days before the US election , Mr Audette told Mrs Palin he could see her as president one day .
Laughingly , the Republican candidate replied : " Maybe in eight years . "
Masked Avengers
Mr Audette said he would be keen to join her on a helicopter hunting trip .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I just love killing those animals .
Mmm , mmm , take away life , that is so fun , " he said in an exaggerated French accent .
" I 'd really love to go , so long as we do n't bring along Vice - President [ Dick ] Cheney . "
In 2006 , Mr Cheney infamously shot and injured a hunting partner while quail - hunting in Texas .
Mrs Palin responded : " I 'll be a careful shot . "
Mr Audette told the BBC he had wanted to see whether Mrs Palin was right when she talked about being " treated unfairly by a lot of principal medias " in the US .
" We tried to speak with her a little bit about foreign affairs , and well , it gave the result that you can air , " he said .
Mr Audette and fellow comedian Sebastien Trudel present a programme on the radio station CKOI Montreal .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Calling themselves the Masked Avengers , the duo have in the past duped Nicolas Sarkozy himself , former French President Jacques Chirac , and the music star Britney Spears with prank phone calls .
Barack Obama made news Sunday on ABC ’s “ This Week ” : The White House dog will likely be a Labradoodle or a Portuguese water dog .
I ’ve got to say I ’m a little disappointed .
These are nice , friendly , generally obedient breeds ( or in the case of the Labradoodle , a crossbreed ) .
But what a missed opportunity !
Obama could have made a bolder , edgier choice , like a mini-Australian shepherd .
I happen to know one well .
He ’s very smart , a bit neurotic , devoted to his master ( if sometimes confused about whether he or the master is the master ) , and always looking for people to herd .
A mini-Aussie would have fit right into a White House populated by Rahm Emanuel , Larry Summers , Joe Biden et al .
Instead , Obama ’s going with a no - drama canine alternative .
And he seems to be going for the no - dramatic - change - in - policy - in - the - White - House alternative as well .
Consider Obama ’s reaction when George Stephanopoulos played a clip of Dick Cheney counseling Obama not to implement his campaign rhetoric until he ’s fully briefed on the details of the Bush administration ’s counterterrorism policy .
“ I think that was pretty good advice , which is I should know what ’s going on before we make judgments and that we should n’t be making judgments on the basis of incomplete information or campaign rhetoric .
So I ’ve got no quibble with that particular quote , ” said Obama .
Usually , presidents pretend their campaign positions are more than “ campaign rhetoric . ”
Not Obama .
CBS News is reporting that lesbian legislator Tammy Baldwin is an Honorary Inaugural Co-Chair .
And the press will not be slow to see Baldwin ’s inclusion as an endorsement of Warren and as a buffer to criticism against the President - Elect .
Clearly this is but another token of valueless “ inclusion ” like the marching band .
Gays can have a silent and distant honorary place at the table , but the head seat goes to the guy who will “ not tolerate ” us and thinks we have no human rights and writes tributes to those who seek to imprison us .
Openly gay Barney Frank has already taken a stand .
Now it ’s time for Tammy Baldwin to show whether she truly cares about the community .
It ’s time that she decide , is she on the side of that tomboy in Wisconsin who is being told that she ’s an abomination , or does she want to be part of the Obama Nation ?
Does she want to protect the vulnerable , or does she want to win points with the powerful ?
Washington Office
2446 Rayburn Building
Washington DC 20515
( 202 ) 225-2906
( 202 ) 225-6942 Fax
E-Contact Form
Crossposted via Box Turtle Bulletin
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
In the words of Douglas Adams , â€ œIn the beginning , the universe was created .
This made a lot of people very angry , and has been widely regarded as a bad idea.â€ 
It is the intention of this article to tell the entire history of the world in exactly 400 words .
This paragraph does not count .
Why write it ?
Because I can and it might be entertaining .
Why 400 words ?
Since that is the minimum length of a Factoid .
The following is exactly 400 words according to the Mac word processor Pages .
As a disclaimer : to fit into 400 words , this history only looks at the Evolution version of history and is fairly Euro- centric .
With sixty - five million years of history in 400 words , you will forgive some omissions .
Bang !
The universe begins .
It begins to expand .
Things begin to clump together into planets and stars .
One of the stars is our sun and one of the planets is the earth .
The earth begins to cool .
Inorganic matter becomes single - celled organic matter .
Cells clump together to become colonies .
Colonies become organisms , organisms become creatures .
Some become amphibious , later , land dwelling .
Species diverge .
Dinosaurs show up and are killed by a meteor ( possibly ) .
Later , they become oil and wars are fought over them .
Ape - like creatures evolve and live in trees .
They move to the ground .
They start using tools .
They create fire .
Higher brain functions develop .
Speech .
Hunting and gathering is a fad briefly .
Domestication of plants and animals begins .
Fledgling human society ceases being nomadic and becomes sedentary .
This is the Agricultural Revolution .
Societies become larger .
Sumeria , Egypt , Greece and Rome rise and fall , among other civilizations .
Wars occur .
A man named Jesus Christ is born .
This is considered a big deal .
His birth is set to year zero .
Christianity becomes quite popular .
The Dark Ages happen .
They may or may not have been that dark .
Humans kill other humans in the name of that Jesus fellow and call it the Crusades .
Ironically , Jesus taught about love and being nice to your neighbor , but people kept killing in his name .
A German guy figures out how to print books quickly and cheaply .
A spaniard tries to go East by heading West , but finds a continent or two in his way .
There are more wars .
England becomes an empire .
Some folks donâ€™t like this empire and form their own country , which they name the United States of America .
There are more wars .
Steam power is useful .
An archduke is assassinated and there is a particularly big war .
The economy tanks .
A German fellow thinks blonde hair and blue eyes are neat and starts killing people who he doesnâ€™t like .
There is another , even bigger war .
Some scientists split the atom to make big bombs .
There is a Cold War , where two countries threaten to blow each other back to the start of this article .
One side collapses , but their bombs remain .
Yet even more wars .
America is the Empire of the day .
People are elected that arenâ€™t very good at their jobs .
The economy tanks again .
Someone tries to write the history of the world in 400 words .
Functional Images Conal Elliott
Abstract
There have been many libraries for generating images using functional programming , each based on its own fixed set of geometric primitives and combinators .
In contrast , this chapter addresses the general notion of images , based on a very simple model : functions over continuous 2D space .
Spatial transforms are mappings from 2D space to itself , and regions are just Boolean - valued images .
This basis suffices for giving elegant expression to a wide range of images , as we illustrate through many examples .
The library Pan embodying these ideas is freely available , and we hope to inspire others to join in the delightful search for new visual building blocks .
This chapter appeared in the book The Fun of Programming , published in 2003 .
Here is a PDF version , and here are figures .
See also :
This work was done while the author was at Microsoft Research .
BibTeX :
At this year ’s 25th Chaos Communication Congress , an annual four day conference with the slogan “ Nothing to hide ” reveals everything about the Commodore 64 , in 64 minutes .
Across 256 slides .
The video is now available to download via BitTorrent or FTP .
The Commodore 64 is the greatest selling computer of all time ; learn how it got there with its quirky hardware , loved by hackers worldwide .
The presentation is heavy on the assembly code side , and I felt explaining every indexing mode was perhaps a bit overkill , however after that was pretty good explanations of the incredible tricks used in the best games and demos to push the C64 way beyond what was originally thought possible .
This is what ’s so special about the Commodore 64 .
Any flaw is there to be exploited for benefit .
One such example of this is the discovery that the SID chip ‘ clicks ’ when you change the volume register .
Knowing this , you can rapidly rattle the volume register to manually control the speaker oscillation and thus create sampled sound rather than what the SID was designed for , synthesised sound .
Great breakthroughs have been made with this , that , if you are familiar with C64 music in general , will blow you away .
As a gaming machine therefore , everything is fair game .
Any flaw is equally a ‘ special effect ’ .
The creativeness used by scene demos and game developers go way beyond what was even imaginable when the C64 first came out .
The Commodore 64 was also a successful productivity machine though !
GEOS , the Graphical Environment Operating System for the Commodore 64 ( that mimicked the Mac OS in just 64 KB of RAM and 1 MHz ) was only briefly mentioned given the time limit and amount of content to cover , but if you would like an equally in - depth guide to GEOS I have written an article to fill in the blanks , including a 15 minute video demonstration , here .
Overall the presentation of “ Everything about the Commodore 64 ” is pretty true , but this just scratches the surface .
Every topic briefly mentioned extends into a whole wealth of information or massive community in its own right , if you care to dig further .
Indeed as a primer to the quirkyness of the computer and the range of its capabilities this is a great presentation for those new to the hardware and those interested in knowing more since their days playing games on the C64 when they were kids .
I used a Commodore 64 exclusively from when I was 7 until I was 12 , and then still daily until I was 16 .
I wrote my first IRQ screen split when I was 13 , and coded a machine language interrupt driven mouse - handler soon after ( for my own C64 graphical operating system ) .
I learnt a lot from this presentation , especially about the techniques to smooth screen splits and opening the borders .
It ’s all the more exciting that these skills are still being passed on in 2008 .
The Commodore 64 , despite being an 80’s computer , is relevant today and I would highly recommend delving into it if you want to learn assembly programming .
More freezing temperatures and snow flurries are predicted for February .
Icy winds heading for the UK will make temperatures feel " sub zero " as the coldest winter in 13 years continues .
Snowstorms from Russia are expected to hit the eastern part of England on Sunday night .
Night - time temperatures are set to drop to - 2C ( 28 F ) as a blast of cold air sweeps in from the North Sea .
Bitterly cold easterly winds will cause snow to drift , with forecasters predicting that 5 cm to 10 cm will fall over many parts of England and Wales .
Snow showers are likely to be less widespread in Scotland and Northern Ireland .
On Saturday , winds began gusting at up to 70 mph over the hills of northern Britain and snow could fall as deep as 20cm over high ground in the coming days .
The first wintry showers are expected on Sunday night and they are likely to become much more widespread by Monday .
' Flirting with hypothermia ' Alex Deakin , from the BBC Weather Centre , said : " Temperatures during the day will reach one or two degrees above freezing but with the significant wind chill it will feel sub - zero everywhere . "
People often treat their car as an overcoat .
But when you break down you are suddenly vulnerable to the weather
Andy Taylor
The AA He added drivers should take extra care with the weather likely to cause problems throughout Monday .
Slightly milder air will move in during Tuesday , with snow mainly confined to hills .
The AA has warned drivers to keep extra clothes in their car to make sure they are prepared for the cold snap .
Patrolman Andy Taylor said : " People often treat their car as an overcoat .
But when you break down you are suddenly vulnerable to the weather .
" If you break down on a motorway , the safety advice is to get out of the car and wait behind the barrier .
Unless you have extra clothes you really are flirting with hypothermia . "
Frozen sea
With a freezing start looking likely for February the season could be the coldest since 1995 / 1996 , when a temperature of - 27.2C ( - 17 F ) was recorded in the remote Scottish village of Altnaharra , equalling the UK 's national lowest temperature .
Roads could be plagued by snow at the start of the week .
So far this winter temperatures have been between 1 and 1.5C below average .
At the beginning of January they plunged to lows of - 13C ( 9 F ) .
Dozens of schools were closed and thousands of homes were without water .
In Sandbanks , in Dorset , the sea partially froze , the first time it has happened on the South Coast since 1991 .
The extreme temperatures came as cold Arctic air was dragged across the country from the north , lingering for more than a week because high pressure prevented it from moving away .
January has been a drier month compared to previous years .
The average rainfall was 100 mm , just under last year 's figure of 130 mm .
Forecasters say February is expected to be fairly similar .
" February is not looking like a wet month .
Wet weather is usually dominated by the Atlantic but at the moment it is looking like weather patterns from the east and north will dominate , " said Michael Dukes , senior forecast manager of MeteoGroup .
The cold snap at the beginning of the year triggered extra cold weather payments for millions of pensioners and vulnerable people .
The £ 25 - a - week assistance comes into force when an area 's average temperature falls or is forecast to fall to 0C or below for seven consecutive days .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Scotsman
December 9 , 2008
Private security guards fired machine guns at innocent , surrendering Iraqis and launched a grenade into a girls ’ school , US prosecutors said yesterday .
Manslaughter charges were announced against five guards with Blackwater Worldwide .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
A sixth guard for the US contractor admitted in a plea deal to killing at least one Iraqi in the 2007 shooting in Baghdad ’s Nisoor Square .
Seventeen Iraqis were killed .
The five guards surrendered yesterday and were due to ask a federal judge for bail .
“ The tragic events in Nisoor Square were shocking and a violation of basic human rights , ” said the FBI assistant director , Joseph Persichini .
In addition to being charged with 14 counts of manslaughter , the five guards face 20 counts of attempted manslaughter .
The shooting unfolded in the crowded square , where prosecutors say civilians were going about their lives .
The guards tried to shut the intersection after a car bombing elsewhere in the city .
Witnesses said the guards opened fire unprovoked .
Women and children were among the victims , and the shooting left the square littered with wrecked cars .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Gigantism is the handmaiden of modernity , or so we have been led to believe .
In literature , future utopias are almost always characterized by a world government , on the grounds that presumably the people of earth have evolved beyond the narrow confines of nationalism and ethno- cultural particularities .
Everybody wears a white tunic or body - stocking and flies around on jet - packs .
Conversely , literary dystopias habitually depict a world riven by savagery and decentralized politico - economic units , e.g. , The Shape of Things to Come , by H.G. Wells , in which an aspiring world government of technocrats battles the medieval remnants of local warlords .
" We are the world " - ism is rife in liberal circles , and World Federalism has long been a cult , albeit a very small and uninfluential one , on the Left .
However , the world government idea is  I predict  going to gain new traction in the coming years , and this is especially on account of the economic crisis currently roiling world markets .
The problem , they ’ll tell us , is global : world markets need to be regulated ( for our own good , of course ) , and therefore what we need is " global governance , " the catch phrase that has been coined by the policy wonks pushing this project .
Indeed , we are already hearing calls for One World from such august publications as the Financial Times , whose foreign affairs columnist , Gideon Rachman , starts out his piece thusly :
" I have never believed that there is a secret United Nations plot to take over the U.S. I have never seen black helicopters hovering in the sky above Montana .
But , for the first time in my life , I think the formation of some sort of world government is plausible . "
Disarmed in advance  skeptics of globalism are , after all , lunatics who see " black helicopters " in the sky ( over Montana , no less ! )  we are invited to entertain the idea of a world government that " would involve much more than cooperation between nations .
It would be , " exults Rachman ,
" An entity with state - like characteristics , backed by a body of laws .
The European Union has already set up a continental government for 27 countries , which could be a model .
The EU has a supreme court , a currency , thousands of pages of law , a large civil service and the ability to deploy military force .
" So could the European model go global ?
There are three reasons for thinking that it might . "
Number one is the globalization of the " crisis " mentality that our international elites have seized on as a rationale for extending their power , and not just over the economic meltdown , but also over global warming and " a global war on terror . "
The quote marks are Rachman ’s , but I doubt he intends any irony here : it ’s clear that , at first , the strategy is to emphasize non-military " soft " issues , like the global warming craze , to mask the real issue , which is that all states claim a monopoly of force over a given geographical area .
What ’s different about this " global governance " business , however , is that the new state aborning would claim jurisdiction over the whole earth .
There would be no place to hide , either for criminals or dissidents ; no Coventry where the long hand of the state could not reach to grasp you by the collar .
At first , such a world state would have to tolerate a fair degree of autonomy , but in the end , there ’s no competition allowed in the business of state - construction : either you have a monopoly over the use of force , or you do n’t .
The military component would start out small .
A report issued by something calling itself the " Managing Global Insecurity project , " whose membership includes such Obama administration insiders as John Podesta and Brookings Institution head honcho Strobe Talbott , has some definite ideas .
As Rachman approvingly reports :
" The MGI report argues for the creation of a UN high commissioner for counter - terrorist activity , a legally binding climate - change agreement negotiated under the auspices of the UN and the creation of a 50,000 - strong UN peacekeeping force .
Once countries had pledged troops to this reserve army , the UN would have first call upon them . "
Fortunately , avers Rachman , the only real opponents of such advanced thinking are those poor ignorant slobs over in " America ’s talk - radio heartland "  the sort who , upon hearing the euphemism " global government , " grit what ’s left of their teeth and go " reaching for their guns . "
Unfortunately , these hicks have to be appeased , and " aware of the political sensitivity of its ideas , the MGI report opts for soothing language . "
The common folk just do n’t understand , but our smug elites , who have brought us to the brink of economic and cultural ruination , know what ’s best .
The untutored masses still cling to their national mythologies , " stubbornly , " as Rachman puts it .
So the MGI report makes certain concessions to " American leadership " and " uses the term ‘ responsible sovereignty ’ rather than the more radical - sounding phrase favored in Europe , ‘ shared sovereignty . ’
It also talks about ‘ global governance ’ rather than world government . "
Ah , but the European component of this team of would - be world - managers is  naturally  far more sophisticated than that .
Rachman cites an aide to French president Nicolas Sarkozy : " ’ Global governance is just a euphemism for global government . ’
As far as he is concerned , some form of global government cannot come too soon .
Mr. [ Jacques ]
Attali believes that the ‘ core of the international financial crisis is that we have global financial markets and no global rule of law . ’ "
If Messieurs Sarkozy and Attali have anything to say about it , American taxpayers can look forward to the day when they ’re called on to bail out French banks and save their sclerotic economy where no one can ever be fired .
Rachman forgets to mention , of course , that this emerging world state will have to have some means of income , and will naturally turn to the only possible means  taxation .
Ah , but no need to throw fodder to the " black helicopter " crowd : all that will come later
For now , however , they ’re going to play it on the down low , as one of us commoners might put it .
The Australian historian Geoffrey Blainey says we ’ve reached the point where world government is possible , perhaps within the next two centuries or so .
Yet Rachman believes it may come sooner , due to " a change in the political atmosphere , " i.e. , the election results in the United States and the receptivity to these ideas within the new administration  particularly around Susan Rice , formerly of Brookings and now U.S. representative to the UN - designate .
Unfortunately , there are several obstacles in the way of this Great Leap Forward into " shared sovereignty , " and Rachman describes two major ones : first of all , " a lack of will " by our leaders , who know what ’s best but are more concerned about getting reelected at home than building a world super - state :
" But this ‘ problem ’ also hints at a more welcome reason why making progress on global governance will be slow sledding .
Even in the EU  the heartland of law - based international government  the idea remains unpopular .
The EU has suffered a series of humiliating defeats in referendums , when plans for ‘ ever closer union ’ have been referred to the voters .
In general , the Union has progressed fastest when far - reaching deals have been agreed by technocrats and politicians  and then pushed through without direct reference to the voters .
International governance tends to be effective , only when it is anti-democratic . "
A more honest explanation of the meaning of world government has rarely been expressed .
The EU has held referenda several times in the same countries , a process that continues until they get the correct result .
A more effective means is to go over the heads of voters and add on new commitments to existing international structures , such as the UN and NATO .
This is the motivating factor behind the new multilateralism that will energize the foreign policy of the Obama administration , the sort of internationalism that is routinely described by its advocates as " robust . "
So what if the majority oppose , say , a war waged by this world state against a rebellious province ( say , Montana ) ?
What if the richer countries resist the imposition of a world income tax ?
It all depends on whether that rather skimpy international " peacekeeping " force of 50,000 is beefed up to proper size .
One way to do it would be global military conscription .
Think how they ’d sell it : Service !
Shared sacrifice !
Send the kids overseas for a broadening experience of " international peacekeeping , " instead of an expensive college , which will soon be unaffordable to all but a very few .
For the more adventurous , those Somali pirates need taming  along with anybody else with delusions of " sovereignty " over and above the all - embracing world state .
In such a world  which is , as its advocates say , now for the first time quite possible  the only remaining spaces of human freedom , those outside the state , are local entities that naturally resist the inherently anti-democratic and authoritarian structures of the world state .
In the eternal struggle between liberty and power , the former is to be found in local particularities , in the cultural and political structures that come closest to the individual .
Nationalism is often mistaken for militarism and utilized in the name of centralizing political authority , but the real nations , as opposed to the territories marked out on official maps , are the ethnic , religious , and geographical allegiances that form natural bonds between people .
The emerging world state is naturally hostile to these .
It prefers to deal with a homogenized mass culture and does everything to discourage  and , if necessary , suppress  all regionalism .
The frontiers of freedom , in this globalist future , will be pioneered by the new regionalists , the secessionists , the campaigners for Cascadia , the republic of Vermont , and the right of Trans - Dniester to go its own way .
Gigantism is a conceit , and a fatal one , as the rulers of the old Soviet empire learned and we are just beginning to fathom .
The Old Right activist and author Rose Wilder Lane told a story about a trip to Russia , in her days as a dedicated Communist , when she confronted a peasant who did n’t support the Communist government .
Rose was bewildered .
How could he not see that the Revolution was his revolution ?
She argued with him , but he was n’t having any of it :
" He shook his head sadly .
‘ It is too big , ’ he said .
‘ Too big .
At the top , it is too small .
It will not work .
In Moscow , they are only men , and man is not God .
A man has only a man ’s head , and one hundred heads together do not make one great head .
No. Only God can know Russia . ’ "
My answer to the globalists  who are now saying that only world economic planning can save us from the heat death of the financial universe  is that only God can know the world .
By the time we learn that lesson , however , who knows how much needless suffering will have been endured by the hapless victims of this " noble " experiment ?
Socialist and Keynesian economists have long dreamed of a world central bank that could inflate a global currency at will and effectively regulate the world economy .
As the Greenspan Bubble bursts and the effects ripple outward , expect such proposals to take on a more concrete character , especially with many in the incoming Obama administration so amenable to internationalist perspectives .
This will form the real solid core of the world state , if such is to emerge , and the rest  a standing army , the " democratic " institutions masking its intrinsic authoritarianism  will naturally follow .
Java SE 8u261 is the latest release of Java SE 8 Platform .
Oracle strongly recommends that all Java SE 8 users upgrade to this release .
JDK for ARM releases are available on the same page as the downloads for other platforms
When readership began dropping among younger demographics , they did n’t innovate .
When new media technologies began emerging in the early ’90s , they did n’t innovate .
When Craigslist began eating their lunch and fucking their trophy wives on the dinner table , they did n’t innovate – not unless “ hey , if we fired all the employees , we ’d theoretically be infinitely profitable ” counts as innovation .
But now , now they ’re innovating .
Like lemmings on rocket skates they ’re innovating .
Check out the brains on these geniuses , would ya ?
The newspaper business is not only crumpling up , James Macpherson informed me here , it is probably holding “ a one - way ticket to Bangalore . ”
Macpherson — bow - tied and white - haired but boyish - looking at 53 — should know .
He pioneered “ glocal ” news — outsourcing Pasadena coverage to India at Pasadena Now , his daily online “ newspaperless , ” as he likes to call it .
Indians are writing about everything from the Pasadena Christmas tree - lighting ceremony to kitchen remodeling to city debates about eliminating plastic shopping bags .
“ Everyone has to get ready for what ’s inevitable — like King Canute and the tide coming in — and that ’s really my message to the industry , ” the editor and publisher said .
“ Many newspapers are dead men walking .
They ’re going to be replaced by smaller , nimbler , multiple Internet - centric kinds of things such as what I ’m pioneering . ”
… “ In brutal terms , ” said Macpherson , whose father was a typesetter , printer and photographer , “ it ’s going to get to the point where saving the industry may require some people losing their jobs .
The newspaper industry is coming to a General Motors moment — except there ’s no one to bail them out . ”
He said it would be “ irresponsible ” for newspapers not to explore offshoring options .
Wow – this is just crazy .
Bonkers .
Wacked .
I mean , how much crack / angel dust / moose tranquilizer cocktail do you have inject directly into your eyeballs to even think about assigning the local school board meeting to somebody who ’s not only from Bangalore , he ’s actually in Banglaore ?
Nah .
Must be some kind of joke – nobody ’s that addled .
But then in October , Dean Singleton , The Associated Press ’s chairman and the head of the MediaNews Group — which counts The Pasadena Star - News , The Denver Post and The Detroit News in its stable of 54 daily newspapers — told the Southern Newspaper Publishers Association that his company was looking into outsourcing almost every aspect of publishing , including possibly having one news desk for all of his papers , “ maybe even offshore . ”
Well , hell .
I guess you gotta try something , right ?
I mean , firing all the reporters did n’t improve the quality of the news , nor did dumping all the remaining budget into snappy marketing campaigns .
Einstein did say that madness was doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results .
And you ca n’t really argue with Einstein .
Still , I ’ve had dealings with Bangalore .
Your mileage may vary , but my experiences have not been wholly satisfying ( although , in fairness , I should note that some of those experiences were Microsoft - related ) .
I ’m not even going to insult your intelligence by explaining how a good reporter needs a grasp of context and a feel for the lay of the land blah blah blah .
I would explain all that if this had anything at all to do with “ good reporter . ”
No , I think this must have been what a certain great American who professed a tremendous respect for the importance of a free and independent press meant by “ self - evident truth . ”
My colleague , Dr. Denny , has written elegantly about the news industry ’s death spiral , and I wo n’t dilute the quality of his commentary by trying to add to it .
I ’ll only say this .
A good many talented reporters have lost their jobs to every manner of stupidity that a legion of slack - jawed corporate executives could think up , and now it seems that the few remaining jobs are about to be offshored .
I feel deeply for these soon - to - be - remaindered individuals and their families .
If I could stop giggling for a few moments I ’m sure I ’d feel despair for what ’s left of this once - great Republic .
As for the Singletons and MacPhersons of the world , I look forward to reading the penetrating investigative exposé that some intrepid Bangalorian reporter pens on the tragic plight of destitute , homeless former newspaper innovators living under bridges in Denver and Pasadena .
January 21 , 2009
Deepa Kumar looks at the real history and politics of the organization the mainstream media smears as a band of fanatics and terrorists .
MOST MAINSTREAM accounts of the Palestinian Hamas organization present it as a bunch of rabid fanatics , bent on violence and motivated by an irrational hatred of Jews and the state of Israel .
This view is reflected both in the mainstream media and in many books published on the topic .
When we separate propaganda from reality , however , what we find is a group that has taken on the mantle of national resistance against Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands .
Hamas describes itself like this : " The Islamic Resistance Movement ( Hamas ) is a Palestinian national liberation movement that struggles for the liberation of the Palestinian occupied territories and for the recognition of the legitimate rights of Palestinians . "
In its manifesto in the lead - up to the 2006 elections , it stated : " Our Palestinian people are still living through the phase of national liberation ; they have the right to endeavor to regain their rights and end the occupation using all available means , including armed resistance . "
Hamas supporters rally in Ramallah
It is because of this commitment to the national liberation struggle -- and the recognition among Palestinians that Hamas , whatever else it may stand for , refuses to concede on the question of resisting Israeli repression -- that the organization has won wide support .
Hamas began to gain a hearing in the late 1980s , when the secular nationalist Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) , dominated by the Fatah faction led by Yasser Arafat , gave up on the long - term goal of liberating all of historic Palestine -- and followed a path of negotiations that resulted in the Oslo Accords of 1993 .
The culmination of Hamas ' growing support was the January 2006 elections to the Palestine Legislative Assembly , in which Hamas won a majority .
The reason for this victory lies not only in the failure of Oslo and the continued brutality of the Israeli occupation , but also mass disillusionment with the Fatah - led Palestinian Authority .
Hamas ' steadfast opposition to occupation and constant criticisms of Fatah 's compromises , combined with its network of social service and charity agencies , bolstered its image not only among religious Muslims , but also among secularists and Christians .
Despite its victory in free and fair elections , the U.S. and Israel sought to undermine and destroy Hamas .
Israel suspended the transfer of tax revenues collected from Palestinians in the amount of $ 50 million a month .
This began the strangulation of Gaza and set off a humanitarian crisis .
While the public strategy involved the collective punishment of the people of Gaza for electing Hamas , Israel and its U.S. ally also undertook a secret operation to overthrow Hamas , which involved funneling arms and money to Fatah fighters to enable them to carry out a coup in Hamas ' base in Gaza .
Hamas won the battle for Gaza , and Fatah was routed .
Yet mainstream accounts of the conflict present Hamas as having launched a coup in order to come to power .
Israel continued to step up its pressure on the people of Gaza , cutting off much - needed supplies , electricity and essentials and launching a military assault late last month .
The siege and the latest invasion of Gaza have caused untold suffering , death , and misery .
But they have not accomplished Israel 's aim of fomenting a Palestinian opposition ready to topple Hamas .
On the contrary , the group continued to gain influence since the 2006 elections .
The reason for this is simple .
When a people lose their livelihood , their homes , their loved ones and their dignity at the hands of an occupying power , they resist -- and in this case , the resistance movement is led by Hamas .
If elections were to be held in occupied Palestine , Hamas would likely win again .
This is not because all the people of Palestine agree with Hamas ' Islamist principles -- and not at all because Palestinians are anti-Semitic fanatics -- but because people living under inhuman conditions imposed by an occupying power will turn to organizations that give voice to their aspirations for liberation .
HAMAS WAS founded in 1987 in the context of the first Palestinian uprising , or Intifada .
Organizationally , it comes out of the Muslim Brotherhood , established in 1945 in Jerusalem .
The Brotherhood was formed as a social welfare organization involved in cultural and social activities .
It consciously stayed away from the arena of politics .
Even after the formation of the state of Israel and the war of 1948 , the Brotherhood maintained this approach .
It operated on the premise that its primary goal was to Islamize society -- only secondarily would it " prepare the generations for battle " with Israel down the road .
In 1948 , when Israel took over and occupied 78 percent of historic Palestine , the movement was fractured and split between the West Bank and Gaza .
The Brotherhood developed in different ways depending on the context .
In the West Bank , which came under Jordanian control , it flourished and became a loyal opposition to Jordan 's Hashemite regime .
However , in Gaza , under Egyptian administration , its fate was similar to the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood , which was persecuted by the ruling party .
Under these conditions , it had to go underground and operate in secrecy .
In 1967 , when Israel annexed the West Bank and the Gaza Strip , the two Muslim Brotherhoods were brought together .
This fused the clandestine and more militant tactics of the Gaza wing with the moderate tactics of the Jordanian one .
From 1967 , the organization sought to expand its influence in a number of ways .
Between 1967 and 1975 , it launched a campaign to build mosques throughout the Occupied Territories .
In this , it had the support of Israel , which had started to view the Brotherhood as an ally against the secular nationalist PLO , which dominated Palestinian politics .
This dovetailed with a larger strategy adopted by the U.S. in the region , where , directly or indirectly through Saudi Arabia , it supported and funded Islamist groups as a bulwark against secular nationalist parties .
In 1973 , the Islamic Center ( al - Mujamma al - islami ) was founded in the Gaza Strip .
The Mujamma , whose goal was to Islamize Gazan society , set up schools , medical clinics , day care centers , youth and sports clubs , and other social and communal forums tied to the mosque .
In Gaza , the number of mosques increased from 77 in 1967 to 200 by 1989 .
The combination of mosques and social welfare organs would prove to be crucial means for propagating the movement 's message and for recruiting cadres , at a time when the secular movements largely ignored these spheres .
Nevertheless , the Islamists remained marginal players on the political scene .
Up until the late 1980s , the Fatah movement and the PLO dominated Palestinian politics , with other more left - wing nationalist organizations vying for influence .
Once again seeking to counter the secular nationalists , the Israeli government recognized and formally licensed the Mujamma in 1978 .
For Israel , now led by the conservative Likud Party , the Islamists ' hostility to the left made them useful allies .
At times , Israel even funded these forces .
The Mujamma , in turn , routinely clashed with secular nationalists and far left forces .
In 1980 , it set fire to the Palestinian Red Crescent office , which was a stronghold of the left .
After 1983 , it engaged in violent clashes with PLO members for control over the Islamic University of Gaza .
The most bitter and violent confrontations were with more far left groups , like the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( PFLP ) .
IN 1987 , a popular Palestinian uprising , known as the Intifada , erupted first in the Gaza Strip and then in the West Bank .
The Muslim Brotherhood ( in the form of the Mujamma movement ) was posed with a new reality that challenged its gradualist approach to Islamizing Palestinian society .
Up to this point , the Brotherhood had strategically refrained from direct political activity in the national arena , concentrating on its social welfare organs .
But it now ran the risk of loosing credibility if it did not take part in the uprising .
Hamas was set up by the leadership of the Brotherhood to respond to and participate in the Intifada .
Even before the Intifada , a debate had been brewing between the quietist and militant sections of the MB 's membership .
As Khaled Hroub , author of Hamas : A Beginner 's Guide , explains :
Internally and by the time of the Intifada , the rank and file of the Palestinian Muslim Brotherhood was witnessing intense internal debate on the passive approach to the Israeli occupation .
One [ section ] pushed for change in policy toward confrontation with the occupation , thus bypassing [ the other section , which stood for the ] old and traditional thinking whose focus was on the Islamization of society first ... When the Intifada erupted , the exponents of the confrontational policy gained a stronger position .
Hamas was the product of the pressure exerted by the more nationalist and confrontationist section on the leadership of the Brotherhood .
Around this time , the PLO , which had previously relied on the strategy of armed struggle to liberate all of historic Palestine , began to gravitate towards a more compromised stance .
In particular , it relinquished the long - term goal of liberating all of Palestine and recognized the right of Israel to exist , and it opted for negotiations over struggle to form a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
Many Palestinians held out hope that the Oslo peace process might address the horrific conditions under which they were forced to live .
Yet by 2000 , the sham of Oslo was exposed , leading to the second Intifada .
Hamas was able to grow and gain influence because it rejected Oslo , and by holding on to a vision of liberating all of historic Palestine .
In short , the weakness and wrong turns of secular nationalism and the left created the opening for Hamas to grow .
HAMAS TODAY is a different organization than the one that was founded in 1987 .
For instance , its 1988 charter makes little effort to distinguish between an anti-Zionist and an anti-Jewish stance .
Yet the experience of fighting against the occupation and for national liberation transformed the organization -- in 1990 , it published a document stating that its struggle was against Zionists and Zionism , and not Jews and Judaism .
As Hroub wrote in 2000 :
Hamas ' doctrinal discourse has diminished in intensity since the mid-1990s .
And references to its charter by its leaders have been made rarely , if at all .
The literature , statements and symbols used by Hamas have come to focus more and more on the idea that the core problem is the multidimensional issue of usurpation of Palestinian land , and the basic question is how to end the occupation .
The notion of liberating Palestine has assumed greater importance than the general Islamic aspect ( my italics ) .
This does not mean that Hamas has ceased to be an Islamist party .
Its day - to - day activities still involve a strong religious dimension .
It devotes time and energy to educating its membership in its particular interpretation of Islam , to leading daily prayers and to fighting " vice " in the streets .
At certain times , Hamas members have intervened to stop what the organization defines as " immoral " behavior , such as partying , drinking alcohol , not wearing the hijab , mixed swimming and so forth .
One such incident occurred in 2005 in Gaza , when a Palestinian women was killed and her fiancé beaten up after they were found in his car at a beach .
Hamas ' position on women is reactionary ; it sees them as primarily responsible for the home and family life .
While it has repeatedly insisted that it will not force women to wear the hijab -- and has , for the most part , carried through on this -- there is an indirect pressure exerted on women to follow Hamas ' views on veiling , if they wish to seek their help .
Women can join Hamas , but their realms of activity are limited to charities and schools .
They are largely invisible , and not one woman has occupied a leadership position in the organization since 1987 .
While a limited number of women have carried out suicide attacks , that task is assigned primarily to men .
Nevertheless , it bears underling that Hamas is not as reactionary as the Taliban .
It does n't prohibit women from operating outside the family sphere .
Thirteen of the 66 Hamas candidates who ran for election in 2006 were women .
Yet despite seven winning their seats , only one woman was included in the cabinet -- and , predictably , she was put in charge of women 's affairs .
Hamas also differs from more fundamentalist Islamist parties in that it accepts the concept of the nation state , rather than the ummah , a religious community formation .
Its party structures are modeled on Western ones , and its internal affairs are carried out in a more or less democratic manner .
The leadership inside Palestine is elected from within , and by the rank and file .
It is also not anti-science or anti-technology .
Hamas exhibits all the contradictions of modern Islamist parties .
It achieved prominence because of a political vacuum caused by the collapse of secular nationalism and the left .
Yet given its politics and class basis , it does n't present a long - term solution to the economic and political problems faced by the people who turn to it .
The class basis of Islamism is the middle class or the petty bourgeoisie .
In general , this class does not have the social weight necessary to bring the system to a standstill or force concessions from powerful groups .
This problem is further compounded in the case of Hamas by the context of occupation .
Hamas draws support from merchants , business people and the rich , but its cadre and leadership are drawn largely from the educated middle classes or de-classed people in refugee camps .
This explains why Hamas vacillates between armed struggle and radical pronouncements on the one hand , and ceasefires and concessions on the other .
Ultimately , these strategies are a dead end .
Palestinian liberation will depend on support from outside the Occupied Territories -- most obviously , from the region 's working classes , where massive sympathy and solidarity exists with the Palestinian cause .
Israel 's assault on Gaza stirred huge demonstrations around the world , from Indonesia and Pakistan to South Africa and Europe - - with some of the largest in Egypt , Jordan , Syria , Lebanon , Morocco and Turkey .
In Egypt , in particular , the working class has expressed both anger against the neoliberal Mubarak regime and sympathy for the Palestinian cause -- a revolt that toppled Mubarak would remove a crucial source of complicity with Israel 's occupation .
A strategy that offers hope for Palestinian liberation would connect workers ' struggles throughout the region to the fight for one secular , democratic state in Palestine .
And that would lay the basis for a lasting peace in the Middle East .
No matter our views about the Israeli bloody war * terrorism against the Palestinian people , Al Jazeera can teach us some lessons about openness and information democracy : its broadcast - quality video footage shot in Gaza is released under the least restrictive Attribution license .
Quoting the CC ' blog :
So , rather than labeling its unique original footage as " exclusive " , the Arabian network is giving it away for anyone ( competitors included ) to watch , analyze , share and reuse , leveraging an open source ( GPL ) open media platform and hosting it on an open source ( GPL ) CMS .
What do you think ?
Property taxes are rising across the USA despite the steepest drop in home values since the Great Depression .
Home values dropped 17 % in the third quarter compared with the same period in 2007 , reports the S&P / Case - Shiller Home Price Index .
At the same time , property tax collections across the USA rose 3.1 % , according to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis .
State and local governments are on track to collect more than $ 400 billion in property taxes this year , the most ever .
One reason : Laws in most states that prevent big tax hikes when property values soar also block big tax drops when values sink .
The housing market collapse has caused a recession that 's hurt sales and income tax collections .
But property taxes — collected mostly for public schools — have escaped serious damage .
As a result , public education is one of the few sectors of the economy still adding jobs .
" Property taxes are n't always popular , but they are a very stable tax , even in tough times , " says Thomas Gentzel , executive director of the Pennsylvania School Board Association .
Property taxes have n't fallen since 1934 , the BEA says .
What 's keeping property taxes up while home prices fall : • Property tax limits .
Most states cap how fast taxes rise in boom times .
In bad times , the same laws keep taxes from falling and even permit modest increases on most homes .
Arizona , California , Florida and Nevada — the four states hit hardest when overheated real estate markets crashed and triggered waves of foreclosures — all have tax laws that work this way .
Tonight Show host Jay Leno's property taxes on his Beverly Hills home will increase $ 1,500 this year to $ 54,000 , even though home values in the area fell by one - third since last year , California public records show .
Reason :
His mansion is taxed based on the $ 2.5 million purchase price in 1987 , plus 2 % annual increases .
Nevada schools will collect $ 730 million in property taxes this year , up 5 % , says Nevada deputy school superintendent James Wells .
" Property taxes are a bright spot .
Sales taxes are the problem , " he says .
• Delayed appraisals .
Most states are slow to change the assessed value of homes .
Some Pennsylvania counties have n't done major reappraisals for decades .
Elsewhere , homeowners must pay taxes on peak values for years before new assessments reflect plunging prices .
Colorado residents will pay taxes in 2010 and 2011 based on what their homes were worth in the first half of 2008 .
" The time lag can help you or hurt you , " says Mark Lowderman , tax assessor in El Paso County , Colo. , which includes Colorado Springs .
" Nobody complains when prices are rising . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Dallas police said Tuesday early tests connect a former Utah state trooper to Monday 's series of rush - hour shootings in Garland and Dallas .
Two people were killed and another was injured in the shootings Monday evening .
Dallas police said they think Brian Smith , 37 , a former Utah trooper who shot himself early Tuesday morning during a standoff in Garland , shot and killed a big - rig driver in Dallas .
They declined to comment on the other death in neighboring Garland because it was outside their jurisdiction .
" I certainly believe that he is going to be linked to the Dallas offenses -- the three shootings that occurred in the city of Dallas , " Dallas police Lt. Craig Miller said .
" Right now , I can't definitely say that he 's involved in the Garland shooting . "
Smith died Wednesday night from a self - inflicted gunshot wound .
Police said he shot himself in the head early Tuesday morning after a brief standoff with police more than six hours after the shooting spree ended .
Smith had been stopped by Garland police on outstanding robbery and burglary warrants .
Authorities said police did not know at the time that he may be connected to the highway shootings .
Miller said preliminary ballistics tests connected Smith to the killing in Dallas because the bullets from the standoff were a match .
The weapon was a high - caliber semiautomatic handgun , Miller said .
" We feel safe in saying ( Smith ) ... was the shooter , " he said .
Garland police spokesman Joe Harn said his department has not been able to make a definitive connection between Smith and the killing there , but acknowledged that he fit the description of the highway shooter : a balding , 40ish white man .
" We certainly hope it is him , " Harn said .
" But we are going to have to see more concrete evidence . "
Garland and Dallas police expect more definitive test results on Wednesday .
The first shooting occurred at about 5:45 p.m. Monday in Garland .
A pickup truck pulled up alongside Jorge Lopez , who was stopped at a red light , and began shooting , police spokesman Joe Harn said .
Lopez , 20 , was killed .
" It looks like he was just simply stopped here at the red light ; someone pulls up and fires several rounds and shoots him , " Garland police officer Joe Harn said .
Witnesses told police the pickup then drove away toward Interstate 635 , where the driver of an 18 - wheeler was shot at shortly after .
The driver of that big rig was not injured .
From there , police say the gunman continued driving westbound on the highway where he shot at William Miller , the driver of a United Van Lines big-rig , near Royal Lane .
The rig driver , William Miller , died at the scene , Dallas police Sgt. Gil Cerda said .
Investigators said the same driver fired at a third 18 - wheeler about a quarter - mile down I -635 near Plano Road in Dallas minutes later , but missed .
The driver of the tractor - trailer , Gary Roberts , was injured by debris and glass and needed several stiches , but he was out of the hospital Tuesday , police said .
While he was being shot , Roberts radioed his terminal manager , Jesse Medford , with Dugan Truck Line .
" I 'm getting shot at , " he told Medford .
" I think I 'm shot . "
After telling the Roberts to pull over , Medford said he called 911 .
Roberts told him that he did not know who was shooting and could not give a detailed description of the assailant .
" He did n't say anything about any type of road rage , " Medford said .
" Whoever this person may be , he is obviously upset with something or someone and he 's taking it out on innocent victims going down the road , " Cerda said .
The shootings shut down westbound LBJ Freeway for most of the night .
Traffic was still backed up shortly before 9 p.m. but was moving freely by 10 p.m .
The 42 - year - old truck driver from Kentucky was about to drop off his big rig and fly home to be with his wife and children for the Christmas holiday .
Lt. Craig Miller , of the Dallas police , said the driver 's actions were " heroic " because he was able to control his truck despite suffering deadly wounds .
Schepps Dairy is offering a $ 10,000 reward and Crime Stoppers will pay an additional $ 10,000 for information leading to an arrest and indictment in Miller 's murder .
For many , the word “ businessperson ” connotes men in white shirts and stranglehold neckties .
That stereotype may have held true in the 1950s , but since then , the appearance factor of the business world has evolved substantially .
Take women .
Hot women have always populated the business world in some shape or form .
We tasked ourselves with compiling a list of the hottest businesswomen we could think of , for your viewing pleasure .
These women are accomplished both in the business and the looks departments .
Get acquainted with these hotties , outside of the cube — and outside of the pantsuit .
25 . Sarah Austin
Business Accomplishments : Founder of a popular online TV show called Pop17 and tech news producer .
Sarah Austin founded Pop17 , a daily broadcast of micro-celebrity interviews and culture .
Her former roles include UC Berkeley DJ and tech news producer , professional party crasher , and actress .
Now a New York social powerhouse , Austin shows her adequate assets in various venues on a regular basis .
Click here for more pictures of Sarah Austin !
In the National Football League , a marginal player dreads the request that he report to the coach and bring his playbook .
He figures he is going to be cut from the team .
The coach makes sure the playbook does not leave with the player .
A coach ’s playbook has a series of self - contained plays .
Their importance is not based on their sequence in the book .
They are implemented by the coach in specific situations .
They may not work in any given game .
If they do n’t , the team loses the game .
Alan Greenspan never had a playbook , as far as we know .
His famous Fedspeak was designed , not to conceal the plays from investors , but rather to conceal the fact that he had no playbook .
Ben Bernanke is different from Greenspan .
He has a playbook .
He has spent his career studying Milton Friedman ’s now - dominant 1963 interpretation of the failure of Federal Reserve Policy , 1930 — 33 , in not reversing the Great Depression .
The FED did not inflate , Friedman said .
This was in contrast to Murray Rothbard ’s 1963 interpretation of the same era .
He argued that the FED did inflate , 1924 — 29 , which created the boom that busted in 1929 .
Had Bernanke studied Murray Rothbard ’s 1963 book on Federal Reserve policy as the cause of the Great Depression , he might have had a very different career , perhaps teaching in a community college in North Dakota .
He is not fluent in Fedspeak .
Who is ?
So , he has a different strategy .
Lay it out in deadly dull Profspeak .
Add footnotes .
Deliver the speech to the National Economists Club , an association of men and women who have mastered Profspeak .
No problem .
But there was a problem .
Bernanke stole one of Friedman ’s analogies .
Friedman did not lecture in Profspeak .
He was so confident that he was right , all the time , that he spoke in plain English .
He dared anyone to challenge him .
Few people did .
I did it only once .
It was always a high - risk procedure .
The analogy Bernanke stole was the analogy of a helicopter dropping paper money .
Bernanke said in his speech that this was a famous analogy .
But it was not famous outside of academia .
Bernanke ’s speech gave it currency ( as punster David Gordon would say ) .
Here is what Bernanke said .
Even if households decided not to increase consumption but instead re-balanced their portfolios by using their extra cash to acquire real and financial assets , the resulting increase in asset values would lower the cost of capital and improve the balance sheet positions of potential borrowers .
A money - financed tax cut is essentially equivalent to Milton Friedman ’s famous “ helicopter drop ” of money .
Columnists have either never read the speech ( likely ) or have forgotten the source of the analogy .
Helicopter Ben was merely advocating the helicopter designed by Helicopter Milton .
Am I exaggerating ?
Hardly .
Bernanke gave this speech on November 21 , 2002 .
On November 8 , he had given a different speech at a conference at the University of Chicago to honor Friedman on his 90th birthday .
As always he delivered an academic speech : a long , tedious summary of Friedman ’s 1963 book , A Monetary History of the United States , which is most famous for its section on the Great Depression .
( Poor Milton .
What a birthday present ! )
Here is what Bernanke — along with the entire guild of academic economists — derived from that book .
. . . the central bank of the world ’s economically most important nation in 1929 was essentially leaderless and lacking in expertise .
This situation led to decisions , or nondecisions , which might well not have occurred under either better leadership or a more centralized institutional structure .
And associated with these decisions , we observe a massive collapse of money , prices , and output .
What was lacking ?
Leadership !
Also , a more centralized institutional structure .
Does this sound like Friedman ?
You bet it does .
On central banking , Friedman was a conventional fiat money economist , a defender of the banking cartel .
No gold coin standard for him !
Bernanke ended his speech Happy Birthday with this :
Regarding the Great Depression .
You ’re right , we did it .
We ’re very sorry .
But thanks to you , we wo n’t do it again .
You bet they wo n’t !
What can you bet ?
Your economic future .
Ladies and gentlemen , place your bets !
THE PROPHET BERNANKE
The playbook is buried deep in his November 21 speech , “ Deflation : Making Sure ‘ It ’ Does n’t Happen Here . ”
The speech began with a statement of fact .
Since World War II , inflation — the apparently inexorable rise in the prices of goods and services — has been the bane of central bankers .
He then lists the explanations for inflation offered by economists .
One of them is accurate : “ an ‘ inflation bias ’ in the policies of central banks . ”
It was hidden in plain sight .
This is always Bernanke ’s strategy : hide the needle of truth in a haystack of academic qualifications , verbal hedging , and footnotes .
He is not fluent in Fedspeak .
His strategy works just as well .
He states as fact what clearly is not factual .
. . . during the 1980s and 1990s most industrial - country central banks were able to cage , if not entirely tame , the inflation dragon .
The inflation calculator of the Bureau of Labor Statistics indicates that goods costing $ 1,000 in 1980 would have cost over $ 2,000 in 1999 .
The cage was way too large for my taste .
Although a number of factors converged to make this happy outcome possible , an essential element was the heightened understanding by central bankers and , equally as important , by political leaders and the public at large of the very high costs of allowing the economy to stray too far from price stability .
Over the next four years — maybe longer — these words will come to haunt Dr. Bernanke .
Then he moved from a discussion of inflation ( rising prices ) to deflation ( falling prices ) .
With inflation rates now quite low in the United States , however , some have expressed concern that we may soon face a new problem — the danger of deflation , or falling prices .
This in retrospect is strange .
Who was worrying about deflation in 2002 ?
From the day he became Chairman until the day he left office , Greenspan had warned publicly against inflation .
Then the FED inflated .
Why this shift ?
Was Bernanke trying to shift the debate to the opposite issue ?
No .
He was heading it off at the pass .
He began with the definition of inflation common to all schools of economic opinion except the Austrian School : rising prices .
Inflation is the opposite of deflation .
Here is how he defines deflation .
“ Deflation is defined as a general decline in prices , with emphasis on the word “ general . ”
He does not define inflation as a rise in the money supply , with the effect being rising prices .
To define it this way would identify the source of rising prices : the central bank and the fractional reserve commercial banking system .
Bernanke then identified unnamed sources .
He also pulled off one of the greatest slight - of - tongue routines in academic history .
The sources of deflation are not a mystery .
Deflation is in almost all cases a side effect of a collapse of aggregate demand — a drop in spending so severe that producers must cut prices on an ongoing basis in order to find buyers .
Did you spot it ?
It ’s here : “ side effect . ”
Falling prices are a side effect .
A side effect of what ?
Falling aggregate demand .
What causes falling aggregate demand ?
He never said .
Here is where long , tedious speeches perform public relations miracles .
They put listeners to sleep .
That is their purpose .
He then moved in near - prophetic fashion to the American economy in late 2008 .
However , a deflationary recession may differ in one respect from “ normal ” recessions in which the inflation rate is at least modestly positive : Deflation of sufficient magnitude may result in the nominal interest rate declining to zero or very close to zero .
Once the nominal interest rate is at zero , no further downward adjustment in the rate can occur , since lenders generally will not accept a negative nominal interest rate when it is possible instead to hold cash .
At this point , the nominal interest rate is said to have hit the “ zero bound . ”
It is widely believed today that the FED will reduce the federal funds rate to zero within the next few months — maybe sooner .
Ever since October 29 , it has been 1 % , down from 1.5 % .
So , what happens when the rate is zero bound ?
Will banks stop lending to each other overnight ?
Yes .
Then will they stop lending ?
No .
Banks will not stop lending until they stop taking deposits .
Every time a bank takes a deposit , it is announcing : “ This deposit will be lent at a higher interest rate than we are paying . ”
Banks are not in the charity business .
The day your local bank stops taking deposits , you should start to worry about the Great Depression 2 we hear so much about .
You should start taking currency out of the ATM .
To take what might seem like an extreme example ( though in fact it occurred in the United States in the early 1930s ) , suppose that deflation is proceeding at a clip of 10 percent per year .
Then someone who borrows for a year at a nominal interest rate of zero actually faces a 10 percent real cost of funds , as the loan must be repaid in dollars whose purchasing power is 10 percent greater than that of the dollars borrowed originally .
In a period of sufficiently severe deflation , the real cost of borrowing becomes prohibitive .
The cost of borrowing became prohibitive .
Really ?
The U.S. government had no trouble in the 1930 ’s getting investors to lend it money at rates well under 1 % .
So does today ’s U.S. government .
No problem !
Will banks lend to private businesses ?
Maybe not .
That is the real problem we face today : the siphoning off of capital by the U.S. government .
Economists call this the crowding - out effect .
Most of them deny that it exists .
Let ’s see , if a dollar is invested in T - bills , it is not invested in business .
But that ’s not crowding out .
No , no , no .
It ’s something else .
What , exactly ?
They never say , just as Bernanke never says what causes falling aggregate demand .
Although deflation and the zero bound on nominal interest rates create a significant problem for those seeking to borrow , they impose an even greater burden on households and firms that had accumulated substantial debt before the onset of the deflation .
This burden arises because , even if debtors are able to refinance their existing obligations at low nominal interest rates , with prices falling they must still repay the principal in dollars of increasing ( perhaps rapidly increasing ) real value .
What ?
Dollars increasing in real value ?
What is this ?
Americans have seen this only once since 1937 : in 1955 .
The financial distress of debtors can , in turn , increase the fragility of the nation ’s financial system — for example , by leading to a rapid increase in the share of bank loans that are delinquent or in default .
This is beginning to sound remarkable prescient .
Did Bernanke see what was coming ?
Did he finally grasp the Austrian School ’s monetary theory of the business cycle ?
After all , the FedFunds rate was 1 % when he delivered this speech .
Closer to home , massive financial problems , including defaults , bankruptcies , and bank failures , were endemic in America ’s worst encounter with deflation , in the years 1930 — 33 — a period in which ( as I mentioned ) the U.S. price level fell about 10 percent per year .
True .
This was why , in 1934 , the government created the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
This is why banks are not allowed to go bankrupt .
Bankrupt banks shrink the money supply .
Taken - over banks do not .
Because central banks conventionally conduct monetary policy by manipulating the short - term nominal interest rate , some observers have concluded that when that key rate stands at or near zero , the central bank has “ run out of ammunition ” — that is , it no longer has the power to expand aggregate demand and hence economic activity .
“ Run out of ammunition . ”
Where have I heard that before ?
There is a familiar ring to it .
It is true that once the policy rate has been driven down to zero , a central bank can no longer use its traditional means of stimulating aggregate demand and thus will be operating in less familiar territory .
The central bank ’s inability to use its traditional methods may complicate the policymaking process and introduce uncertainty in the size and timing of the economy ’s response to policy actions .
Hence I agree that the situation is one to be avoided if possible .
We are now almost there .
Two more meetings of the Federal Open Market Committee , and we will be there .
Then what ?
The playbook tells all .
NON - TRADITIONAL PLAYS
Bernanke ’s playbook is governed by Friedman ’s prescription : do n’t inflate more than 2 % to 3 % per year unless there is a depression on the horizon , and then inflate without limit until the crisis goes away .
Bernanke followed this playbook from his inauguration on Feb. 1 , 2006 until the fall of 2008 , when events began to look ominously like 1929 .
He is now using pages from the section on “ hail Mary ” plays .
However , a principal message of my talk today is that a central bank whose accustomed policy rate has been forced down to zero has most definitely not run out of ammunition .
As I will discuss , a central bank , either alone or in cooperation with other parts of the government , retains considerable power to expand aggregate demand and economic activity even when its accustomed policy rate is at zero .
The central bank can take steps to inflate , despite a FedFunds rate of zero .
As I have already emphasized , deflation is generally the result of low and falling aggregate demand .
The basic prescription for preventing deflation is therefore straightforward , at least in principle :
Use monetary and fiscal policy as needed to support aggregate spending , in a manner as nearly consistent as possible with full utilization of economic resources and low and stable inflation .
This is being done today .
The U.S. government has officially increased the debt by $ 700 billion ( plus $ 150 billion of pork ) .
The FED has increased its balance sheet by a trillion dollars .
The government has taken over Fannie Mae and Freddy Mac loans totaling close to $ 5 trillion .
Congress did not vote on this .
There will be plenty of opportunities for the FED to inflate its way out of this .
Why must it do this ?
Because Prof. Irving Fisher said to .
Irving Fisher ( 1933 ) was perhaps the first economist to emphasize the potential connections between violent financial crises , which lead to “ fire sales ” of assets and falling asset prices , with general declines in aggregate demand and the price level .
A healthy , well capitalized banking system and smoothly functioning capital markets are an important line of defense against deflationary shocks .
The Fed should and does use its regulatory and supervisory powers to ensure that the financial system will remain resilient if financial conditions change rapidly .
Fisher was the first modern macroeconomist .
He was the inventor of today ’s definitions of inflation and deflation .
By 1933 , he was bankrupt , having run through his own fortune — he had invented the Rolodex — and his wife ’s sister ’s fortune .
He had announced in September 1929 that the stock market was not going to fall .
He was wrong .
Irving Fisher is the patron saint of central bank policy in the same way that John Maynard Keynes is the patron saint of modern deficit fiscal policy .
Fisher was wrong in 1911 , wrong in 1933 , and wrong today .
Yet he is the most influential economist of our day . . . still .
This is why we are in big trouble .
What is in store for America ?
Monetary inflation on a scale not seen since World War II .
As I have mentioned , some observers have concluded that when the central bank ’s policy rate falls to zero — its practical minimum — monetary policy loses its ability to further stimulate aggregate demand and the economy .
At a broad conceptual level , and in my view in practice as well , this conclusion is clearly mistaken .
Indeed , under a fiat ( that is , paper ) money system , a government ( in practice , the central bank in cooperation with other agencies ) should always be able to generate increased nominal spending and inflation , even when the short - term nominal interest rate is at zero .
. . .
What has this got to do with monetary policy ?
Like gold , U.S. dollars have value only to the extent that they are strictly limited in supply .
But the U.S. government has a technology , called a printing press ( or , today , its electronic equivalent ) , that allows it to produce as many U.S. dollars as it wishes at essentially no cost .
By increasing the number of U.S. dollars in circulation , or even by credibly threatening to do so , the U.S. government can also reduce the value of a dollar in terms of goods and services , which is equivalent to raising the prices in dollars of those goods and services .
We conclude that , under a paper - money system , a determined government can always generate higher spending and hence positive inflation .
Then Bernanke gave us two of his key plays from his playbook .
Nobody paid any attention .
They pay attention now .
To stimulate aggregate spending when short - term interest rates have reached zero , the Fed must expand the scale of its asset purchases or , possibly , expand the menu of assets that it buys .
Alternatively , the Fed could find other ways of injecting money into the system — for example , by making low - interest - rate loans to banks or cooperating with the fiscal authorities .
I therefore suggest that you take him seriously .
If we do fall into deflation , however , we can take comfort that the logic of the printing press example must assert itself , and sufficient injections of money will ultimately always reverse a deflation .
He was only halfway through his speech at this point .
But you get the idea .
He ended with his now - famous words :
A money - financed tax cut is essentially equivalent to Milton Friedman ’s famous “ helicopter drop ” of money .
CONCLUSION
He ended his speech with these words :
Nevertheless , I hope to have persuaded you that the Federal Reserve and other economic policymakers would be far from helpless in the face of deflation , even should the federal funds rate hit its zero bound .
We are now reaching the point of the helicopter drop .
If the FED does not reverse its policy of buying bad debt with new money — high - powered money , as Friedman called it — we will get mass inflation before the next Presidential election .
Bernanke told us what he would do .
Over the last six months , the FED has done it .
It will do more .
Worse .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2008 LewRockwell.com
The daughter of a Sydney woman arrested in Kuwait after arguing with immigration officials says security guards bashed her father and brothers .
Nasrah Alshamery , 43 , has spent the last three weeks in jail and has been charged with allegedly insulting Kuwait 's ruling emir , even though her daughter said she did not even know his name .
A Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade spokeswoman said consular staff had visited the family members in Kuwait .
" The Australian Ambassador to Kuwait has raised our concerns about these allegations at a senior level with Kuwaiti authorities , " the spokeswoman said .
" The Ambassador has confirmed that Kuwaiti authorities are investigating these allegations and requested that he be notified of the outcome of this investigation when complete . "
The colored area on this MRI scan shows a cross-section of the heart muscle , with the area of bleeding shown in red .
Doctors have captured the first images of bleeding inside the heart muscle following a heart attack .
A new study , detailed in the Jan. 19 issue of the journal Radiology , suggests the amount of bleeding of the heart muscle can indicate how damaged a person 's heart is after a heart attack .
" We still have a lot of unanswered questions about whether the bleeding itself may cause further damage to the heart muscle and this is an area that needs further research , " said study researcher Stuart Cook of the MRC Clinical Sciences Center at Imperial College London .
" The more we understand about what happens during and after a heart attack , the greater the chances are of scientists finding new ways to combat the damage that heart attacks cause . "
A person suffers a heart attack when the artery that feeds blood to the heart gets blocked , depriving the heart muscle of blood and therefore oxygen .
Most heart - attack patients are fitted with a metal tube called a stent that keeps the blocked artery open .
Recent research has shown that some people experience bleeding inside the heart muscle once blood starts to pump into it again .
However , scientists were unsure of the significance of such bleeding until now .
In the new study , researchers used magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) to examine bleeding inside the hearts of 15 individuals who had recently suffered a heart attack .
( They could spot areas of bleeding due to the magnetic effects of iron , which is present in the blood . )
The images suggested patients who had suffered a large heart attack , in which a lot of the heart muscle was damaged , had more bleeding into the heart muscle compared with those whose heart attacks were relatively small .
" Our study gives us a new insight into the damage that heart attacks can cause , " said lead study author Declan O'Regan , also of Imperial College 's MRC Clinical Sciences Center .
" Using this new scanning technique shows us that patients who develop bleeding inside their damaged heart muscle have a much poorer chance of recovery . "
The research was funded by the Medical Research Council , British Heart Foundation and Department of Health , UK .
A virus dubbed as “ Koobface ” is infiltrating Facebook ’s 120 million users by using the social network ’s messaging system to infect PCs , and get credit card numbers .
This is the most recent attempt of hackers looking to take advantage of users on social network sites .
“ A few other viruses have tried to use Facebook in similar ways to propagate themselves , ” Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt said in an e-mail .
He said a “ very small percentage of users ” had been affected by these viruses
“ It is on the rise , relative to other threats like e-mails , ” said Craig Schmugar , a researcher with McAfee Inc .
The way Koobface works is by sending notes to friends of someone whose PC has been infected .
The messages include a subject header of , “ You look just awesome in this new movie , ” which directs the recipient to a website where they are asked to download what it claims is an update of Adobe Systems Inc. ’s Flash player .
Once the software is downloaded , the virus infiltrates their computer , which takes the user to contaminated sites when they try to use search engines .
On Wednesday , McAfee warned that its researchers had discovered that Koobface was making the rounds on Facebook .
Chris Boyd , a researcher with FaceTime Security Labs , said , Facebook requires senders of messages within the network to be members and hides users ’ data from people who do not have accounts .
Because of that , users tend to be far less suspicious of messages they receive in the network .
“ People tend to let their guard down .
They think you ’ve got to log in with an account , so there is no way that worms and other viruses could infect them , ” Boyd said .
According to the company spokeswoman , social networking MySpace , owned by News Corp. , was hit by a version of Koobface in August and used security technology to eradicate it .
The virus has not cropped up since .
Facebook has warned its users not to open the contaminated email and has also posted directions on how to clean infected computers .
Richard Larmer , chief executive of RLM Public Relations in New York , said he threw out his PC after it became infected by Koobface , which downloaded malicious software onto his PC .
“ It was really bad .
It destroyed my computer , ” he said .
McAfee has not yet figured out the identity of the perpetrators behind the Koobface virus .
“ The people behind it are updating it , refining it , adding new functionalities , ” said McAfee ’s Schmugar .
— –
On The Net :
Facebook
Comments
comments
This site requires Flash Player 6 or above .
Please download the latest player from
Please download the latest player from http://www.adobe.com
Note :
You need flash ( get it here ) and a pair of speakers or headphones to get the perfect sounds from these ' tuning forks ' .
These tuning fork sounds were professionally recorded from real tuning forks placed onto an amplified sounding board .
Tuning forks
The " tuning fork " was invented by John Shore , English musician to the royal court in 1711 and had a pitch of A423.5 .
The numbers underneath the musical notes represent the Hertz ( Hz ) or cycles per second of the sound wave made when the fork is vibrating .
Standard Pitch or Concert Pitch is a universal frequency or note that all musical instruments are tuned to .
Today 's standard pitch is A440 or C523.3 and this enables musicians to play instruments together in harmony , without clashing pitches .
A tuning fork is normally used to set the pitch .
Pitch pipes and electronic tuning forks can also be used , but are not as common .
Oddly , some people are gifted with ' perfect pitch ' and can remember exactly what a certain pitch should be without using a tuning fork or any other kind of reference .
Many of those same people say it's not always a gift because a lot of music is played slightly out of tune and for those with perfect pitch it sounds horrible !
When struck , the two prongs of the tuning fork vibrate uniformly , producing a very clean soundwave .
The pitch ( or frequency ) of the sound wave is determined by the length of the prongs .
If you analyse the sound wave produced from a tuning fork , you will find that it is a perfect sine wave formation .
For some interesting scientific animations of tuning fork soundwaves , visit this page .
Tuning forks are not only used for music .
They are also used for science , medicine ( hearing and vibration treatment ) and electronics .
In fact , the computer you 're using right now has probably got several tiny tuning forks inside it , vibrating thin slices of quartz crystal to keep the processor 's clocks ticking at the right intervals .
Other tuning fork links :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuning_fork
http://www.uk-piano.org/history/pitch.html
Feedback
Copyright onlinetuningfork.com
The latest request from the Pentagon jars the senses .
At least , it did mine .
They are looking for contractors to provide a “ Multi- Robot Pursuit System ” that will let packs of robots “ search for and detect a non-cooperative human ” .
One thing that really bugs defence chiefs is having their troops diverted from other duties to control robots .
So having a pack of them controlled by one person makes logistical sense .
But I ’m concerned about where this technology will end up .
Given that iRobot last year struck a deal with Taser International to mount stun weapons on its military robots , how long before we see packs of droids hunting down pesky demonstrators with paralysing weapons ?
Or could the packs even be lethally armed ?
I asked two experts on automated weapons what they thought .
Both were concerned that packs of robots would be entrusted with tasks – and weapons – they were not up to handling without making wrong decisions .
Steve Wright of Leeds Metropolitan University is an expert on police and military technologies , and last year correctly predicted this pack - hunting mode of operation would happen .
“ The giveaway here is the phrase ‘ a non-cooperative human subject ’ , ” he told me :
Advertisement
“ What we have here are the beginnings of something designed to enable robots to hunt down humans like a pack of dogs .
Once the software is perfected we can reasonably anticipate that they will become autonomous and become armed .
We can also expect such systems to be equipped with human detection and tracking devices including sensors which detect human breath and the radio waves associated with a human heart beat .
These are technologies already developed . ”
Another commentator often in the news for his views on military robot autonomy is Noel Sharkey , an AI and robotics engineer at the University of Sheffield .
He says he can understand why the military want such technology , but also worries it will be used irresponsibly .
“ This is a clear step towards one of the main goals of the US Army ’s Future Combat Systems project , which aims to make a single soldier the nexus for a large scale robot attack .
Independently , ground and aerial robots have been tested together and once the bits are joined , there will be a robot force under command of a single soldier with potentially dire consequences for innocents around the corner .
” What do you make of this ?
Are we letting our militaries run technologically amok with our tax dollars ?
Or can robot soldiers be programmed to be even more ethical than human ones , as some researchers claim ?
Cartoon courtesy U.S. News & World Report
I am a frequent traveller .
A very frequent traveller .
With questions .
1 . Why can I not go through security with a flask of aftershave , but can buy all the aftershave I want in the duty free ?
If duty free goods are screened in a different way , why can my check - in luggage not be screened in the same way ?
2 .
How come I can not take any liquid on board , but I can put all the liquid I want in my check - in luggage ?
If check - in luggage is screened in a different way , how come carry - on can not be screened in the same way ?
How come I can not take a bottle of water on board , even though I could drink it to show how harmless it is ?
3 .
How come I have to put things like a deodorant and toothpaste in a sealed zip - lock plastic bag , but no - one ever sees or asks to see the bag tucked in my carry - on ? 4 .
If my Leatherman with a 1.5 inch blade does not get it through security , how come I buy dozens of things more dangerous at the duty free ( ever seen what damage a broken bottle can do ? ) .
5 . How come some airlines serve meals with stainless steel knives and forks ?
Why does the restaurant in the waiting lounge serve meals with stainless steel knives and forks ?
6 .
How come the metal strings on my guitar are not considered as dangerous goods ?
Ever seen what damage my thin " high E " - string can do when strapped around a person 's neck ?
7 .
How come a sharpened pencil is not considered a dangerous good ?
Ever seen the damage a pencil does when pushed through someone 's nose ?
8 .
How come my glasses are not considered a dangerous good ?
They showed how to use it as a weapon in The Godfather III , did n't they ?
9 .
How come needles and syringes are not seen as dangerous goods ?
How come nobody ever checks what the liquid is in the ampules I carry on ?
How dangerous could the combination of syringes with liquid morphine ampules be ?
Or the combination of a lighter , syringe and a combustible fluid in an ampule ?
10 .
How come airport security screening never catches the three metal bottles of compressed air of our self - inflating sailing life jackets when we check it in with our luggage , but there is no way in hell we would get it on board as carry - on ?
11 .
How come security confiscated the horse - shoe my daughter wanted to carry - on ?
12 .
How come some airports confiscate lighters and others do n't ?
Why do some confiscate matches and others do n't ?
Why do some only allow one single box of matches ?
Why do some confiscate Zippo - lighters and others do n't ?
What is more dangerous : a single Zippo lighter or five throw - away plastic lighters with lighter fluid in them ?
13 .
How come in some airports , I just show a piece of paper , allegedly representing a printout of my Internet check - in , and they let me into the departure hall , and through security without scanning the barcode to see if I did not fake the print - out ?
14 .
How come I could get on a flight even though the boarding pass was not in my name ?
15 .
How come no - one at the gate ever checks if my plastified ID card is real ?
How come I can board a flight even though the lady at the gate said " I have never seen an ID - card like this ! " .
16 .
As it has been proven some lithium - ion laptop batteries are a fire hazard , can explode generating heat up to 1000 degrees , how come they do n't have to be removed from laptops ?
How come some airlines offer adapters to charge laptops inflight ?
17 .
How come in some airports I need to go through a security screening when entering the airport , one when entering the departure area , and one just before entering the boarding area ?
Just to make sure ?
18 .
How come I could walk from the arrivals hall , back into the luggage - belt area and nobody stopped me ?
19 .
How come the lady at the check - in counter laughs when I answer the question " Did you pack your bags yourself " , with " No , my wife did . " 20 .
How come everyone lies when asked the question " Was the luggage with you at all times ? " , like it was never held in the hotel luggage room by the bellboy , never stowed in the trunk of the airport shuttle , or left alone in the hotel room .
21 .
How come I can pick up someone else 's luggage from the belt , and walk out of the airport without being checked ?
22 .
How come , with all the security cameras around , people have their handluggage stolen at the check - in counter ?
23 .
How come I can put my two mobile phones in the tray next to the metal detector and pick them up at the other side without them being screened ?
24 .
How come some airport metal detectors go bazurk when I forget to take off my watch , and others do n't ?
25 .
How come I always fear for my harddisk when I see the way the security staff handles the tray in which I put my computer ?
Why can I not complain without being arrested for contempt ?
26 .
How come the shuttle bus from the departure gate to the plane can drop us off at the wrong plane ?
27 .
How come , allegedly for security reasons , I can not board with a computer bag and a small trolley , but it is OK if I put the bag in the trolley ?
How come it is OK to have two carry - ons when flying business class then ?
28 .
How come I can ask a friend to hold my excess carry - on out of sight of the check - in counter , deny having any carry - on when checking in , and pick up the carry - on again before going through security ?
29 .
How come , allegedly for security reasons , I am only allowed one bag with certain maximum weight and dimensions as carry - on , but can buy 15 bags of duty free stuff ?
30 .
How come airlines do not award passengers when they can prove the security staff did not check thoroughly ?
Why am I regarded as a moron when I show what I managed to get through security this time ?
Why am I regarded as a nuisance when I tell the security staff they are not paying attention when I walked through the metal detector ?
31 .
How come nobody asks these questions aloud ?
More posts on The Road about flying airports and travel
In the past 15 months , police in British Columbia and Washington have been counting potential crimes by the foot .
The total so far is seven , all apparently washing up in sneakers on remote beaches .
The first human extremity was discovered by a shocked 12 - year - old Washington girl who came upon it on a cool , clear Monday , Aug. 20 , 2007 , along Jedediah Island , a rocky isle in the Strait of Georgia ’s Gulf Islands .
Curious , the girl picked up the man ’s size - 12 Campus brand sneaker off the beach , and out tumbled a wet sock .
Inside was a decomposing right foot .
The find rated an intriguing news story in the Alberni Valley Times on Vancouver Island .
Authorities were mystified .
“ There ’s all kinds of scenarios and possibilities , ” said Royal Canadian Mounted Police Cpl. Garry Cox , noting he was unsure whether the foot had floated in or was the product of some kind of beach mayhem .
“ It was a regular foot with the skin intact , ” he said .
“ It did n’t appear to be there too long because it was n’t that decomposed . ”
Mounties bagged the foot and sent it to the British Columbia Coroners Service in Vancouver , where DNA testing commenced .
That seemed that , and the story faded .
Somewhere there was , presumably , a cadaver minus one foot .
Officials could wait to see if the other shoe literally dropped .
It took only six days .
The second foot was found on Aug. 26 , a calm , sunny Sunday .
It too was inside a sock , and in a man ’s sneaker , and was a size 12 .
And one more similarity :
The second foot was also a righty .
A case that had gone two feet forward suddenly took a step backward .
“ I ’ve heard of dancers with two left feet , but come on , ” the RCMP ’s Cox told reporters , making it clear he had two separate floating - feet cases to investigate .
And bizarre cases they were .
“ Finding one foot is like a million - to - one odds , ” he said , “ but to find two is crazy . ”
And 40 miles apart at that .
The second foot , encased in a Reebok , was discovered by a Vancouver couple strolling along a beach trail on Gabriola Island , known for its shellfish and limestone formations , located down the strait from Jedediah .
Another Mountie , Cpl. Brad Szewczok , seemed to be urging the media and public to stay calm .
“ My best guess , ” he said , “ is that they are from missing - persons cases .
There have been people that fall off ferries , missing boaters , and a tugboat that went down within the last year .
And people fall off fishing vessels all the time . ”
B.C. law enforcement has about 2,400 missing - persons cases on the books , and Washington 2,000 .
Many in both jurisdictions are cold cases dating back years , even decades .
They include abducted children , the homeless , runaways , and those designated presumed dead / body not recovered .
B.C. ’s missing - person count is the highest of any Canadian province , according to a 2005 Simon Fraser University study , and many are thought to have drowned from accidents or suicides in B.C. ’s vast waters .
Some also might be victims of B.C. serial killer and pig farmer Robert Picton from 1997 to 2001 .
He was convicted last December , and is doing life for the murders of six women , parts of which he fed to his pigs .
Officials say he once confessed to killing 49 women , the majority of them prostitutes and drug users from the mean streets of downtown Vancouver ’s Eastside .
The second foot joined the first at the Coroners Service in Vancouver for DNA tests .
But for a test to succeed , a matching sample is needed , and that ’s not often available in missing - persons cases .
Medical examiners did confirm the disarticulated extremities were from males , but where the flesh and bone came from and who the owners had been , authorities could n’t yet say .
Within six months , that story also faded .
Then came the third foot .
It was another male righty size 11 , inside a Nike sneaker , found Feb. 2 this year on Valdes Island , a short drift south of Gabriola .
That sparked new interest by the public , some of whom began combing beaches for sneakers bearing feet — and finding them .
The fourth foot , a female righty size 7 , inside a New Balance , was found May 22 on Kirkland Island , across the strait from Valdes off the B.C. mainland , which catches the current coming out of the Fraser River .
The fifth , a male lefty size 11 , inside a Nike , was found June 16 on Westham Island , near Kirkland Island ; DNA tests later confirmed it was the mate to foot # 3 .
The sixth , a male righty size 11 , inside an Everest sneaker , was found Aug. 1 mired in seaweed along the Strait of Juan de Fuca near Pysht , west of Port Angeles .
That is more than 150 miles from foot # 1 , although Canadian currents flow that direction into the Pacific .
And the seventh , a female lefty size 7 , inside a New Balance , was found last month , Nov. 11 , near Richmond on the B.C. mainland south of Vancouver .
Last week it was confirmed as a mate to foot # 4 .
By installments , newspapers tracked the carnage , which appears to total four male and one female footless victims , most discovered in the past 10 months along adjoining Canadian and U.S. waters .
Forget Mountie Szewczok and his words of caution !
It had become the Seven - Foot Mystery , a suspected epidemic of foul play .
That ’s what some thought , anyway , particularly Seattle and Vancouver radio talk - show callers , Internet bloggers , and newspaper reader - commenters .
With the seventh floating foot came a tide of conspiracy theories :
The straits had become a watery graveyard for Vancouver ’s organized crime ; the extremities belonged to illegal immigrants murdered by their smugglers ; a foot - fetish serial killer was on the loose .
“ All these feets , all the wackings , all these people getting kidnap [ sic ] 5 years ago , ” wrote a Vancouver Sun reader / commenter last month , making reference to a Vancouver crime wave , “ all coming up now . ”
Actually , with the seventh foot , what ’s coming up now are some answers , says former University of Washington oceanographer Curt Ebbesmeyer , Ph.D. , known as Dr. Duck to the rapt audience of schoolkids he lectures on flotsam , jetsam , and buoyant body parts .
Sorry , says Ebbesmeyer , who has kept a head and foot count of the serial washups .
“ It ’s not much of a mystery . ”
At 65 , semi-retired Curtis C. Ebbesmeyer is busier than ever , he says , keeping one boot in salt water and the other in his workspace at home in Seattle ’s Ravenna neighborhood .
The gray - haired , trim - bearded Ebbesmeyer says his daily goal is “ trying to make sense of science . ”
He ’s a protégé of Cliff Barnes , the respected UW professor of oceanography for whom the school ’s marine research vessel is named .
When Barnes died in 1995 , Ebbesmeyer cleaned out the professor ’s office — then took everything home and recreated the office in his basement .
As a writer , leader of international science expeditions , and private consultant , Ebbesmeyer is immersed in the sea , specializing in its movements .
He tracks surface currents and such watery curiosities as floating garbage patches and container spills to determine flow patterns .
His unique research has helped such institutions as oil companies and the City of Seattle ’s sewage treatment division chart the fateful drift of their products .
A sideline to his research now and then is to work with forensics experts to divine the travel time and distance of a dead body or its parts , when there is some mystery surrounding their discovery .
He ’s often queried by reporters on such stories , to the point that he now gets calls from the kin of drowning victims , asking for estimates as to where and when a body is most likely to surface and be recovered .
He also gives school lectures that include the subject of floating appendages .
“ The kids get real quiet , ” he says with a grin .
Over coffee at the Varsity Restaurant in Ravenna , Ebbesmeyer seems to brighten as he talks about one of his study cases , a man who , for extreme sport and without bungee cords , jumped 221 feet off the Tacoma Narrows Bridge in 1988 .
His friends were to pick him up at the beach below , but never saw him again until his funeral .
He hit the water at 80 miles an hour , and washed up 32 hours later on Alki Beach in Seattle .
“ He drifted south to Fox Island and came around and up through Colvos Passage , ” says the oceanographer , adjusting his bifocals .
“ Quite a trip . ” Ebbesmeyer and then–King County Medical Examiner chief investigator Bill Haglund wrote a paper on the case for the Journal of Forensic Sciences in 1994 , to aid other investigators in tracking floating carcasses .
They charted tides and currents and recreated the whirling trip through hydraulic trajectory modeling , Ebbesmeyer says , trying to keep the macabre stuff academic .
“ My wife does n’t want me to talk about this kind of thing at home — it ’s not something you can bring up at dinner . ”
In a thoughtful tone , Ebbesmeyer rattles off a litany of the items found in recent years to have been sleeping with the nation ’s fishes .
“ Let ’s see .
A head in Oregon , a complete skeleton in Hawaii , arms and legs in Texas , head in Florida … ”
And he knows this how ?
“ I have a network of beachcombers worldwide , and they report in . ”
Go to Ebbesmeyer ’s Web site , beachcombersalert.org ( he also issues a quarterly newsletter ) , and you can find the link to report oceanic treasure and trash .
Ebbesmeyer depends on readers to keep him posted on the global arrival of messages in bottles , incoming glass balls , telltale driftwood , and the contents of container spills .
The reports augment his studies of ocean currents and help him map out floating garbage patches and junk beaches .
You ca n’t necessarily see the semi- submerged ocean patches when flying over them , he says , but a closer look would reveal a plastic island that includes floating refrigerators , TVs , computer screens , tires , smashed - up yachts , and you - name - it .
“ The patches are twice the size of Texas , ” Ebbesmeyer says .
“ Plastic has helped make them a global catastrophe .
We dump this garbage and it ends up in the sea and the sea life we live off .
Basically , we ’re poisoning ourselves . ”
Also among the relevant oceanographic input is the migration of bathtub duckies , such as the 1992 toy spill in the Pacific .
About 28,800 plastic ducks , turtles , beavers , and frogs packed in containers slid off a freighter ; after drifting 2,200 miles , portions of the toy armada began washing up near Sitka , Alaska .
Ebbesmeyer even tracked one frog and one duck in a watery trek across the North Pole to Newfoundland “ where their paths diverged — one to Maine and the other to Britain . ”
The toys were still being discovered as late as 2004 , helping him score some new hydraulic drift findings .
The ducky is also now emerging as his personal logo :
One is featured on the cover of his forthcoming book , Flotsametrics and the Floating World , written with local author and former Seattle Weekly staffer Eric Scigliano .
The autobiography is due out in March from HarperCollins .
Ebbesmeyer sometimes alerts his followers to hazardous finds — an ominous aluminum cylinder floating north of Guam — and splendid encounters — a 90 - foot beer tank bobbing off Scotland .
He gives the scoop on weather balloons , too : Almost a thousand are scattered worldwide each day , bearing miniaturized electronic weather stations known as radiosondes .
But 100,000 balloons and sondes annually end up in the ocean , to scientists ’ chagrin .
“ Sondes signify our throwaway society , ” Ebbesmeyer says , figuring they have left a billion bits of Styrofoam on Earth ’s 382,000 miles of shoreline .
And , of course , Ebbesmeyer investigates floating sneakers , having made a big splash solving the Great Nike Shoe Spill of 2003 .
Global media tied up his phone line after he reported the spill from three shipping containers in the Pacific .
One of his beachcombing correspondents had alerted him to the discovery of unmatched Nikes on the Washington coast near Queets and sent along the bar - code numbers .
Ebbesmeyer broke down the code to determine the footwear was new .
He e-mailed Nike headquarters in Beaverton , Ore. , and heard from exec Dave Newman .
“ Three containers went overboard in December 2002 off the northern California coast , ” Newman confirmed , about 35 miles off Cape Mendocino , Calif .
Generally , Newman said , 5,500 pairs fit in a standard 40 - foot ocean container .
That was enough to outfit 16,500 high - school hoopsters , at $ 100 a pair .
Evidence in hand , Ebbesmeyer called up an Alaska science writer he knew , and the story broke on the front page of the Anchorage Daily News : Free shoes !
Moochers stormed the beaches , and though no one was counting , scads of the shoes were found on the West Coast tides — with one catch : Nike forgot to tie the laces .
Beachcombers would have to find matching mates on their own .
It was with that background that Ebbesmeyer approached the Seven - Foot Mystery .
Like all sneaker brands , plastic - and - rubber Nikes float soles to the sky , with or without a decaying human foot , and can bob great distances .
In the 2003 Nike spill , they went almost 2,000 miles in 72 days , Ebbesmeyer deduced , from California to Rose Spit at the top of the Queen Charlotte Islands , B.C. , near the Alaska border .
Others curled around and went off to Hawaii , perhaps Japan .
Some surprisingly heavy objects ride the surf almost as well .
“ I ’m constantly amazed at what floats and what doesn’t , ” Ebbesmeyer says , thumbing through a small spiral notebook he keeps .
“ On the beach I came across a bowling ball once .
‘ What ’s this doing here ? ’ , I thought , and pitched it into the ocean .
It floats ! ”
Bodies , however , decompose in a comparatively short time , or can be partially or wholly dismembered by currents or eaten by marine life .
“ The head separates easily after a time in water , ” Ebbesmeyer says , starting to shrug .
“ It ’s just sitting here atop our spines . ”
He tilts his head as if making it fall off .
The head that washed up in Oregon belonged to a headless body that washed up at Westport , Wash. , the result of natural decomposition , separation , and tides , he says .
Ebbesmeyer gave a legal deposition on currents in that 1995 case , in which an Oregon woman named Linda Jean Stangel , 23 , was convicted of manslaughter for pushing her boyfriend , David Wahl , 27 , off a beach cliff .
But feet in particular detach naturally , below the ankle , and most important , through the aid and protection of sneakers , are more likely to drift off and be discovered — to the shock and suspicions of many .
Examinations of the six feet found in Canada gave no indication of foul play , says Terry Foster , a spokesperson for the B.C. Coroners Service .
“ In all cases , these remains appear to have naturally separated from the body , ” since no tool or trauma marks were found on the feet .
That was also the case with the U.S. foot found near Pysht , Clallam County officials say .
Yet the feet became serially linked by the media reports , and the assumption grew that they were related by a criminal cause of death .
The discoveries puzzled Ebbesmeyer in the beginning , too .
But not today .
“ It was baffling at the start — four right feet , ” he says .
That seemed to defy the odds , feeding suspicions of a serial killer leaving a calling card .
“ But then we started getting lefts and matches .
And it began to look more commonplace . ”
With the seventh foot last month , he ’s convinced there ’s no widespread foul play .
Actually , considering that thousands of people have been reported missing in B.C. and Washington , “ I ’m surprised we have n’t found more body parts , ” Ebbesmeyer says .
“ We ’re dealing with only a few people here , in an arbitrary period of time , and it ’s routine for some to have fallen in the water and been there long enough for the feet to disarticulate and float away . ”
No one can yet say how victims in the Seven - Foot Mystery might have died — understandably , given the lack of evidence .
But Ebbesmeyer typically finds such cases lead back to sunken craft , missing swimmers , and other accident victims whose bodies were never recovered .
B.C. authorities have been focusing in that area as well , attempting to match the feet ’s DNA with drowning , boating , and aircraft accident victims , including five who died in a 2005 B.C. float - plane crash .
“ The sensational aspect of this case , ” Ebbesmeyer says , “ the serial killer , was wild speculation .
Quite a few people go overboard , jump off bridges , and so on — no crimes involved . ”
For example , the partial skeleton of a man found last year on a remote beach west of Point Lawrence , Orcas Island , was likely a drowning victim .
Yet the seemingly benign find has now become part of the Seven - Foot Mystery .
San Juan County Prosecutor and Coroner Randy Gaylord says a hiker made the discovery in March 2007 , five months prior to the first B.C. foot find .
A forensic anthropologist determined that the nearly decomposed man , who had a gold inlay , was about 5 feet 9 inches tall and likely white , Native American , or Asian .
Gaylord and investigators found no evidence of foul play , though one arm and the other hand were missing from the corpse .
Notably , so were both feet .
That ’s not unusual if the remains came in on the tide , says Gaylord .
“ Feet and hands are small and light , ” he notes , “ and with a wide range of motion and smaller connective tissue , it is part of the natural progression that they separate from the rest of the body . ”
Did the feet float off to B.C. ?
Ebbesmeyer says currents from the San Juans are capable of carrying objects up into the gulf waters .
And B.C. investigators , who belatedly learned of the Orcas finding — though Gaylord had publicized it last year — recently asked for a DNA sample .
B.C. Coroners spokesperson
Foster says he does n’t yet have any findings to release , and Gaylord says it ’s his understanding that DNA profiling is still ongoing .
( DNA testing , usually done on a priority basis , is delayed when no apparent crime is attached to a case . )
Thus , Gaylord says , so far “ nothing conclusive ” links the Orcas remains with the Canadian feet , or the foot found near Pysht .
There was no indication the Orcas corpse and its feet were forcibly parted , adds Gaylord .
“ The word ‘ severed ’ showed up in some early stories in the Canadian press , and seems to me to be a source of why it is so sensational there , and got so much less interest here . ”
Lost in the conspiracy noise is the understanding that Canadian authorities have made progress in their six difficult cases .
They have matched shoes # 3 and # 5 as well as # 4 and # 7 , and , thanks to DNA tests and a public tip , have confirmed the identity of the person whose foot started it all 15 months ago .
In July , they announced that foot # 1 on Jedediah Island belonged to a B.C. man — still publicly unnamed at his family ’s request .
He was indeed listed in the missing - persons database , and when he disappeared in 2007 reportedly suffered from depression .
The possibility he was a suicide victim did n’t interrupt the serial count of extremities — his foot was included in the latest ominous - sounding reports on the seventh find , the sixth in Canada .
But the mystery up north is in fact down to three unknown victims — the owner of foot # 2 and the two owners of the matching pairs of sneakers .
Still to be determined is any B.C. connection to the Pysht foot .
Should any of the Canadian feet match the Orcas skeletal remains , in U.S. jurisdiction , that could leave B.C. with just two unknown victims .
“ Two .
Nothing unusual about that , ” says Ebbesmeyer .
Of course , more feet could float in .
In fact , Ebbesmeyer is almost certain they will .
Blame it on style .
People will die , he says , “ and a lot of them will be wearing sneakers . ”
randerson@seattleweekly.com
The abstraction continues
display
display
I got several comments to my lament about my attempts at abstraction in my previous blog post .
Two of the comments involve adding an extra argument to .
I dont regard this as an acceptable solution ; the changes to the code should not be that intrusive .
Adding an argument to a function is a change that ripples through the code to many places and not just the implementation of
Reiner Pope succeeded where I failed .
He split up the operations in Ops into two classes and presto , it works .
data Person t = Person { firstName :: XString t , lastName :: XString t , height :: XDouble t } class ( Show s , IsString s ) => IsXString s where (+++ ) :: s -> s -> s class ( Num d , IsXString s ) => IsXDouble s d where xshow :: d -> s class ( IsXDouble ( XString t) ( XDouble t ) ) =>
Ops t where type XString t :: * type XDouble t :: * instance IsXString String where (+++) = (++ ) instance IsXDouble String Double where xshow = show data Basic = Basic instance Ops Basic where type XString Basic = String type XDouble Basic = Double display :: Ops t => Person t ->
XString t display p = firstName p +++ " " +++ lastName p +++ " " +++ xshow ( height p + 1 )
Another problem
incSpace :: ( Ops t ) => XDouble t -> XString t incSpace x = xshow x +++ " "
> :t incSpace ( 1 :: XDouble Basic ) :: XString Basic : 1:0 : Could n't match expected type ` [ Char ] ' against inferred type `XString t'
In the expression : incSpace ( 1 :: XDouble Basic ) :: XString Basic : 1:10 : Could n't match expected type `XDouble t' against inferred type ` Double '
In the first argument of `incSpace ' , namely ` ( 1 :: XDouble Basic ) '
In the expression : incSpace ( 1 :: XDouble Basic ) :: XString Basic
( 1 :: XDouble Basic )
( 1 :: Double )
XDouble t
That 's neat , but a little fiddly if there are many types involved .
Armed with this solution I write another function .
It typechecks fine .
But as far as I can figure out there isway to use this function .
Let 's see what ghci says : Despite my best efforts at providing types it does n't work .
The reason being that saying , e.g. , is the same as saying .
And that does n't match .
At least not to the typecheckers knowledge .
In the example of display things work because the parameter t occurs in Person t which is a real type and not a type family .
If a type variable only occurs in type family types you are out of luck .
There 's no way to convey the information what that type variable should be ( as far as i know ) .
You can " solve " the problem by adding t as an argument to incSpace , but again , I do n't see that as a solution .
In the paper ML Modules and Haskell Type Classes : A Constructive Comparison Wehr and Chakravarty introduce a notion of abstract associated types .
That might solve this problem .
I really want XDouble and XString to appear as abstract types ( or associated data types ) outside of the instance declaration .
Only inside the instance declaration where I provide implementations for the operations do I really care what the type is .
A reflection on type signatures
f x = x
f :: a -> a
If I writeHaskell can deduce that the type is
If I instead write
f :: Int ->
Int f x = x
Haskell happily uses this type .
The type checker doescomplain as to say " Sorry dude , but you 're wrong , the type is more general than what you wrote . " .
I think that 's nice and polite .
Now a different example .
class C a b where x :: a y :: b f z = [ x , x , z ]
f
f :: ( C a b , C a b1 ) => a -> [ a ]
x
f :: ( C a b ) => a -> [ a ] f z = [ x , x , z ]
Blog2.hs:9:7 : Could not deduce ( C a b ) from the context ( C a b2 ) arising from a use of `x ' at Blog2.hs :9:7
Possible fix : add ( C a b ) to the context of the type signature for `f '
In the expression : x In the expression : [ x , x , z ]
In the definition of `f ' : f z = [ x , x , z ] Blog2.hs :9:10 : Could not deduce ( C a b1 ) from the context ( C a b2 ) arising from a use of `x ' at Blog2.hs :9:10 Possible fix : add ( C a b1 ) to the context of the type signature for `f '
In the expression : x In the expression : [ x , x , z ]
In the definition of `f ' : f z = [ x , x , z ]
What does ghc have to say about the type of OK , that 's reasonable ; the two occurences ofcould have different contexts .
But I do n't want them to .
Let 's add a type signature .
What does ghc have to say ?
Which is ghc's way of say " Dude , I see your context , but I 'm not going to use it because I 'm more clever than you and can figure out a better type . "
Rude , is what I say .
I gave a context , but there is nothing to link the b in my context to what ghc internally figures out that the type of the two occuerences of x should .
I wish I could tell the type checker , " This is the only context you 'll ever going to have , use it if you can . "
Alas , this is not how things work .
A little ML
module MkPerson( O : sig type xString type xDouble val opConcat : xString -> xString -> xString val opShow : x Double -> xString end ) = struct type person = Person of ( O.xString * O.xString * O.xDouble ) let display ( Person ( firstName , lastName , height ) ) = O.opConcat firstName ( O.opConcat lastName ( O.opShow height ) ) end module BasicPerson = MkPerson ( struct type xString = string type xDouble = float let opConcat = ( ^ ) let op Show = string_of_float end ) let _ = let p = BasicPerson .
Person ( " Stefan " , " Wehr " , 184.0 ) in BasicPerson.display p
Stefan
Wehr provided the ML version of the code that I only aluded to In this case , I think this is the natural way of expressing the abstraction I want .
Of course , this ML code has some shortcomings too .
Since string literals in ML are not overloaded the cannot be used neatly in the display function like I could in the Haskell version , but that 's a minor point .
Labels : Haskell , Modules , overloading
Passengers : First Engine on Fire , Then Frigid Water " I really didnt ' want to drown " in the plane , remembers one passenger .
Jan. 16 , 2009  --
A giant crane and a barge were brought in today to begin hauling a partially submerged jetliner out of the Hudson River , one day after it was apparently knocked out of the sky by birds and spectacularly splashed down alongside Manhattan 's skyscrapers .
The US Airways Airbus A320 has been lashed to a Manhattan pier since all 155 passengers were safely evacuated by a flotilla of ferries , tug boats , and emergency craft .
A giant crane and a barge began working today to drag it ashore .
While the passengers were stunned , bruised and shivering from their icy ordeal , they were largely unhurt and are hailing the plane 's pilot Capt .
Chesley B. Sullenberger III as a hero .
Tales of fear and survival inside the plane began to emerge today .
Irina Levshina told " Good Morning America " that she was sitting in the last row of the plane .
" I feel quite shaken still , " Levshina said .
Before the plane took off , the woman sitting next to her blurted out that she was petrified of flying .
But during the terrifying descent , she was the one who calmed people down , Levshina said .
" Girls , its going to be OK , I 'm the one that 's afraid of flying , ' " the unidentified woman told Levshina and another woman in the back row .
The women held hands and prayed .
Being in the last row made it even scarier once the plane had settled on the river and water began rushing in .
" I thought I 'd be the last one out of the plane .
That was really scary , " Levshina told " GMA . "
" At first it was relatively calm , but when people realized we had to get out , people were prompting others to get off the plane .
With yelling .
I was one of those .
I did n't want to drown there , " she said .
Passenger Dave Sanderson said he heard a bang and looked out the window to see a startling sight .
" I saw the flames coming from underneath the wings , " Sanderson told " GMA . "
" Once again , I said this is not a good thing . "
He went from the frying pan into the river .
" It was so cold .
So , it woke you up pretty quickly .
You get out of the shock and start moving forward .
Hero Pilot
Everyone praised the performance of pilot Chesley " Sully " Sullenberger .
" It would appear that the pilot did a masterful job of landing the plane in the river , and then making sure everybody got out , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said at a news conference late today .
The mayor said Sullenberger " walked the plane twice to verify if anyone was onboard " before exiting himself .
" You 've got to give it to the pilot .
He made a hell of a landing , " said Jeff Kolodjay , 31 , a passenger on the plane from Norwalk , Conn .
Sullenberger is believed to have activated the plane 's " ditching switch , " a device that closes valves and openings on the bottom of the fuselage , preventing the plane from taking on water and allowing it float .
" It is true the plane has a ditching switch , which closes the outflow valve and the avionics ventilation ports - in other words , those openings below what would be a theoretical float line , " said Mary Anne Greczyn , a spokeswoman for Airbus .
All passengers and crew aboard were reported safe after New York City firefighters , police and ferries rushed to the aid of the US Airways jet , which floated in the river near the historic aircraft carrier The Intrepid .
Passengers wearing yellow life jackets were rescued off the wings as others held onto the plane 's seat cushions , which serve as flotation devices .
Some of those rescued were taken to area hospitals to be treated for exposure and secondary injuries .
Some 50 other people -- including several children -- were kept at a ferry terminal and warmed with blankets .
Kolodjay told reporters after being rescued that the effort was " organized chaos , " and that male passengers allowed women to deplane first .
" I 'm just happy to be alive , to be honest ; I do n't know what else to say , " said Kolodjay .
" Our main concern is the rescue effort and whether people could swim , " an emergency worker said onshore near the main emergency staging area where passengers were taken .
The National Transportation Safety Board has sent a team to the crash site to investigate .
And Airbus , the manufacturer of the airplane , released a statement saying the company would send " a go - team of flight safety investigators to provide full technical assistance " to the NTSB and other agencies .
In a statement from the White House , President Bush said he was coordinating with state and local officials .
" Laura and I are inspired by the skill and heroism of the flight crew as well as the dedication and selflessness of the emergency responders and volunteers who rescued passengers from the icy waters of the Hudson , " Bush said .
" We send our thoughts and prayers to all involved in the accident . "
' Ca n't Believe What I Saw '
The plane was carrying as many as 148 passengers and five or six crew members , according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
Only 30 seconds after takeoff at 3:26 p.m. ET , the pilot reported two bird strikes and said he wanted to return to LaGuardia Airport .
Controllers began giving him directions for return , but the pilot requested clearance to land at the nearby Teterboro airport in New Jersey .
The tower reportedly lost contact soon after that last transmission .
Commuter boats in the area were seen fishing people from the river and rescuing passengers standing on the plane 's wings after the crash .
ABC News ' Robin Roberts , who saw the plane crash from her apartment window , said it appeared to be a controlled landing .
" It completely just hit the water full force , never bounced or anything like that , and came to a relatively quick stop , " Roberts said .
" But … it did n't skim along the water .
There was very little trauma to the aircraft .
It was … I 'm still … can't believe what I saw . "
" I would say , 10 seconds -- I… have binoculars .
I could see that the front door was , they were able to open the front door , and within a couple of minutes a water taxi just happened to be in that direction , and I could see that it was making its way to the airplane as fast as possible , " she said .
Freezing Temps , Fast Action
The water temperature in the river was reported at 40 degrees , just above freezing .
The air temperature hovered near 20 degrees .
Hospitals in both New York and New Jersey were alerted to the crash and in crisis mode , but within an hour of the crash many were told to stand down as most passengers appeared in good shape .
Some 40 minutes after the plane went down , authorities reported all the passengers were rescued and safe , though hospitals were accepting some rescued passengers for treatment for exposure .
Pat Smith , spokesman for the New York Waterway , which operates the ferries that came to the plane 's rescue , said the location was near the " waterway commuter route [ and ] as many as 10 ferries can respond within minutes at this time of day . "
Bird Strikes Happen ' All the Time '
John Ostrom of the Metropolitan Airports Commission out of Minneapolis chairs the Bird Strikes Committee , which advises the aviation industry on wildlife management to eliminate possible hazards .
" There 's a variety of ways a bird can take down a plane , " he told ABC News today .
" There have been instances where birds the size of robins bring a plane down , all the way up to Canada geese . "
Birds can fly into plane engines , shutting them down , or cause pilots to lose control of the plane by penetrating the windshield .
And there 's not much pilots can do to avoid bird strikes , which happen " every day , " according Ostrom .
Some users have gone to great lengths to dispose of their mainframe but few have gone this far .
On November 21 , 2007 , the University of Manitoba said goodbye to its beloved 47 - year - old IBM 650 mainframe Betelgeuse by holding a New Orleans style jazz funeral .
According to the Web site devoted to the funeral : " The IBM 650 was installed in the year 1960 and went through many upgrades and changes to the final hardware of an Amdahl Millennium 1015 .
In its many forms the mainframe has supported the Student Records systems , Payroll , Human Resources , Finance , Research , student labs , etc .
The mainframe was predeceased by the Huron Object Star database , telephone registration , punch cards , card readers , DT80 terminals connected by the pink wire , and Mantes , the beloved file management system .
It leaves behind some 25 servers that are now needed to run these systems and will be lovingly remembered by users from across campus . "
In case you were wondering what an IBM 650's specifications were , according to this Columbia University site , the CPU was 5 ft by 3ft by 6ft and weighed 1,966 lbs , and rented for $ 3200 per month .
The power unit was 5x3x6 and weighed 2,972 pounds .
The card reader / punch weighed 1,295 pounds and rented for $ 550 / month .
The memory was a rotating magnetic drum with 2000 word ( 10 digits and sign ) capacity and random access time of 2.496 ms .
For an additional $ 1,500 / month you could add magnetic core memory of 60 words with access time of .096 ms .
Big Blue sold some 2,000 of the mainframes making it one of the first successfully mass - produced computers .
Here is the University of Manitoba 's touching eulogy to their mainframe :
For forty - seven years you 've served us well , you cast us in yourgreen spell .
You processed transactions without complaint , we 've askedthe Pope to make you a saint .
The users you were always able to please , with a little training theycould enter with ease , all the data they needed in 2 or 3 screensinstead of the 57 in VIP .
And getting data was easy in IMS , there were six hundred reports inthe RS .
And Finance was easy with FRGLA , in the time when the mainframe held sway .
And the programmers they had all the tools they need , Easytrieveand COBOL made programming a breeze .
And Mantes were there tomanage the files , and to help with debugging if it would n't compile .
Now gone are the punch cards and card readers of yore , andmainframe computers that used up the whole floor .
With tape drivecontrollers and large stacks of tapes , that kept operators scramblingall over the place .
Farewell IMS , we 'll remember you well .
After forty - seven years , there are many stories to tell .
Like when Tel Reg nearly shut downMTS , and when the Y2 K bug put us under duress .
You helped us achieve our academic objectives , and gave our adminprocesses a proper perspective .
But now we must lay you under theflora , because we have to go deal with this bloody Aurora .
So we commit your parts to be recycled .
Earth to EarthAshes to AshesDust to DustTo the god of computers , please bless it and keep it And give it grace and peaceBut please do not resurrect it .
Sony will be giving Home some enticing new content shortly .
In Japan , the company announced today new lounges and items from the likes of Bandai Namco and Nippon Ichi , all set to hits the service on the 18th .
Bandai Namco will deliver lounges for Tekken , Ridge Racer , and Soul Calibur .
In addition to offering a place for players to chill with fellow fans , the lounges will include additional arcade units for the Namco Museum Beta .
On the item front , Sony Computer Entertainment , Bandai Namco , and Nippon Ichi will all be delivering paid goods .
Sony 's items have a Christmas theme , with Santa avatar parts and a Christmas Tree furniture item .
Nippon Ichi's items have a Prinny theme as the Disgaea mascot character is featured on shirts and furniture .
Bandai Namco 's items have what appears to be a retro theme , with designs based around classic arcade titles like Pacman and DigDug .
The lounges will be free , but the items will run between 50 and 200 yen .
This is , of course , Japanese pricing , but things probably wo n't be too different in other territories .
Released photos ( from left ) : Bada Abdul Rehaman ( Taj Palace ) ; Abdul Rehaman Chota ( Oberoi ) ; Ismal Khan ( CST station ) ; Babar Imaran ( Nariman House )
Indian authorities have released the names or aliases of the nine suspected militants killed during last month 's attacks in the city of Mumbai ( Bombay ) .
Photographs of eight of the men were released - the body of the ninth was said to have been too badly burned .
Police said all were from Pakistan .
They did not say how this was known but one gunman , named as Azam Amir Qasab , survived and has been interrogated .
The attacks began on 26 November and left at least 170 people dead .
India has blamed Pakistani - based militants Lashkar - e - Taiba for the attacks .
Earlier Pakistan said it had arrested two leading militants but that it would not hand them over to India .
Sole survivor Mumbai's chief police investigator Rakesh Maria showed photographs of the men taken from their bodies or from the ID he said they were carrying .
He said all were aged between 20 and 28 .
Some of the militants had just one name and had used aliases during training .
TEN NAMED MEN Nasir , alias Abu Umar ( above , Nariman House ) Abu Ali ( Taj Palace ) Soheb ( Taj Palace ) Fahad Ullah ( Oberoi ) Azam Amir Qasab ( survived ) Bada Abdul Rehaman ( Taj Palace ) Abdul Rehaman Chota ( Oberoi ) Ismal Khan ( CST station ) Babar Imaran ( Nariman House ) Nazir , alias Abu Omer ( Taj Palace )
The youngest was identified as 20 - year - old Shoaib , alias Soheb , who was said to be from Punjab province .
Three attackers were said to have come from the central Pakistani city of Multan , Mr Maria said .
He said the group leader was a Lashkar " veteran " , Ismal Khan , 25 , from North West Frontier Province .
The photographs taken from dead bodies are too graphic to show .
Indian investigators have said survivor Azam Amir Qasab was indoctrinated by Lashkar - e - Taiba ( Soldiers of the Pure ) and trained at a camp run by the group .
Some media reports have suggested that truth serum may be used as part of his interrogation .
Earlier Pakistani Defence Minister Ahmad Mukhtar said Jaish - e - Mohammad founder Masood Azhar and Lashkar - e - Taiba commander Zaki-ur - Rehman Lakhvi had been held .
Mr Lakhvi is the Lashkar commander India suspects of planning the Mumbai attacks .
" Lakhvi was picked up yesterday .
Azhar has also been picked up , " Mr Mukhtar told India 's CNN - IBN channel .
He also repeated Islamabad 's request for evidence to be shared with Pakistan .
Raid suggests policy shift Profile : Lashkar - e- Taiba Anger at ' blown ' arrests " Both US and India say they have ample proof but why is it hidden from us ? "
Mr Mukhtar asked .
Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi , meanwhile , repeated that Pakistan would not hand over to India any of its citizens arrested in connection with last month 's attack .
He said that about 16 people had been detained for questioning so far in a crackdown against banned Islamist groups like Lashkar - e - Taiba .
Reports say Pakistani police have also ordered the sealing of some offices used by Jamaat - ud - Dawa , the Islamic charity seen as a front for Lashkar - e - Taiba .
Mr Qureshi added : " We do not want to impose war , but we are fully prepared in case war is imposed on us .
We are not oblivious to our responsibilities to defend our homeland . "
Delhi's list Meanwhile , Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari said peace talks with India must proceed to " foil the designs of the terrorists " .
Karachi citizens give their views on India 's Mumbai accusations
In pictures
" Pakistan is committed to the pursuit , arrest , trial and punishment of anyone involved in these heinous attacks , " he wrote in the New York Times on Tuesday .
On Monday , the US praised what it said were " positive steps " after Pakistani forces raided a camp in Pakistani - administered Kashmir used by Lashkar - e - Taiba , which India links to the attacks .
But state department spokesman Sean McCormack also said it was " incumbent upon the Pakistani government to act to prevent any future terrorist attacks , to break up those networks that may be responsible for perpetrating acts of violent extremism " .
Delhi has not commented on the operation .
Masood Azhar is one of the most wanted men in India .
The group he founded , Jaish - e - Mohammad , is accused along with Lashkar - e - Taiba of taking part in the attack on India 's parliament in 2001 which led the two countries to the brink of war .
Mr Azhar is reportedly on a list of people Delhi has demanded Pakistan hand over .
The BBC's Syed Shoaib Hasan in Karachi says Mr Azhar has been in and out of Pakistani custody over the past five years .
Our correspondent says he is no longer considered to be in day - to - day charge of Jaish - e - Mohammad and detaining him will make little difference to militant activity .
The group is thought to behind a string of attacks inside Pakistan as well .
Although the authorities in Pakistan formally banned Lashkar six years ago and curbed its activities , its camps were never closed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From : _earthshine_
2008-12-07 02:49 pm ( UTC )
First off , there 's not a lot of SNR there , at least not
does n't show anything amazing .
Given the noise on the channel , i'm fearful that the peaks we see might be anomalies and not much of substance .
Just in case , tho , i
NOTE : I 'm a loser and did NOT plot vs. frequency here .
The peak zoomed in on there corresponds to about 5.787kHz .
This is just a quick first look .
If you really wanted to know , the better way to do this is to use a sliding window FFT ( Gabor transform ) -- it 's sort of a poor man 's spectrum analyzer .
That would generate a full 2D map of the spectrum vs. time .
Then we could look for a peak that appears and disappears 3 times , and that 'd be our culprit .
I saved the data , so maybe i'll give it a whirl later , but right now i gotta run .
Edited at 2008-12-07 02:50 pm ( UTC )
Well , i've got a partial answer for you .
I grabbed the stronger of the two stereo channels ( for whatever reason , they were not the same -- did you record in stereo ? ) and snipped out the second bzzt series .
First off , there 's not a lot of SNR there , at least not as far as i can see .
Of course we can hear it , tho , so that 's a good sign .
An FFT of the snippet does n't show anything amazing .
Given the noise on the channel , i'm fearful that the peaks we see might be anomalies and not much of substance .
Just in case , tho , i zoomed in on that one peak that was all by it 's lonesome in the upper mids , given that sonically that could be what we 're looking for .
NOTE : I 'm a loser and did NOT plot vs. frequency here .
The peak zoomed in on there corresponds to about 5.787kHz .
This is just a quick first look .
If you really wanted to know , the better way to do this is to use a sliding window FFT ( Gabor transform ) -- it 's sort of a poor man 's spectrum analyzer .
That would generate a full 2D map of the spectrum vs. time .
Then we could look for a peak that appears and disappears 3 times , and that 'd be our culprit .
I saved the data , so maybe i'll give it a whirl later , but right now i gotta run .
From : technolope
2008-12-07 04:18 pm ( UTC )
The subroutine that makes the noise is a Poisson solver ( an FFT - based solver , coincidentally ) , and my resolution is 128^3 .
Three calls lasts 1.5 seconds , and there is a small gap between the bzzts , so each one is 0.3 to 0.4 sec long .
I suspect that the solver is an iterative one , but I do n't know how many iterations .
If the freq is 5.787 kHz , then it wold cycle about 2000 times during that interval , and the CPU is probably doing 250000 FLOPs between each wavelength .
What 's the algorithmic order of an FFT ?
I could believe that each wavelength could correspond to one plane of data per iteration of the solver ( 128 planes times 16 iterations ~ 2000 ) .
Then , the noise would be coming from the boundary conditions : computing the corner of one plane requires loading in the data from the opposite corner , a position that is 128*128*4=64 kB bytes away , but the cache is 512 kB .
Maybe each wavelength of the noise is the sound of a new plane of data being moved into cache ?
It would happen 128*16 times per solve , which makes the 2000 cycles that we hear .
Hmmmm .
I can imagine that each plane requires 250 kFLOPs to calculate .
Wow , thanks for the analysis !
Yes , the recording was in stereo .
I also did a recording with the gain set to low , but the signal is super - quiet .
I know that the fan was probably running at 1500 rpm ( which is 25 Hz ) .
Did you FFT over the part of the sample that contained the bzzt , or was that not enough data ?
Cool !
The subroutine that makes the noise is a Poisson solver ( an FFT - based solver , coincidentally ) , and my resolution is 128^3 .
Three calls lasts 1.5 seconds , and there is a small gap between the bzzts , so each one is 0.3 to 0.4 sec long .
I suspect that the solver is an iterative one , but I do n't know how many iterations .
If the freq is 5.787 kHz , then it wold cycle about 2000 times during that interval , and the CPU is probably doing 250000 FLOPs between each wavelength .
What 's the algorithmic order of an FFT ?
I could believe that each wavelength could correspond to one plane of data per iteration of the solver ( 128 planes times 16 iterations ~ 2000 ) .
Then , the noise would be coming from the boundary conditions : computing the corner of one plane requires loading in the data from the opposite corner , a position that is 128*128*4=64 kB bytes away , but the cache is 512 kB .
Maybe each wavelength of the noise is the sound of a new plane of data being moved into cache ?
It would happen 128*16 times per solve , which makes the 2000 cycles that we hear .
Hmmmm .
I can imagine that each plane requires 250kFLOPs to calculate .
From : ext_137121
2008-12-08 07:43 pm ( UTC )
Memory Access
It 's definitely something to do with the memory , because my CPU ( Athlon X2 ) did it a few weeks ago , and it happened every time Firefox 's memory usage jumped .
I could n't reproduce it with anything else ( Farcry 2 , Prime 95 ) , and it went away when I reinstalled Firefox .
It was pretty bizarre , and annoyed the hell out of me .
From : ( Anonymous )
2008-12-08 11:40 pm ( UTC )
Re : Memory Access
I do n't see you excluding simpler explanations , like the CPU fan turning on .
Occam is sadbear .
From : technolope
2008-12-09 12:10 am ( UTC )
Re : Memory Access
That is weird .
Who knows what a program as large as Firefox is doing to make that sound .
If it happened every time FF memory usage jumped , that would point to something bus-related , or memory - to - CPU .
Since my case at 128^3 can't hold the whole problem in L3 cache ( needs > 8 MB , has 2 MB ) , it could very well be related to bus / memory issues .
Thanks for the new data point !
From : ( Anonymous )
2008-12-09 12:33 am ( UTC )
It 's a capacitor ...
I work on embedded systesms .
And I 've seen this for years when working with my company 's products .
During computationally intensive operations , we hear buzzes and clicks .
During idle times , we do n't hear much .
I tacked the noise with a microphone and determined it came from the power supply -- a very cheap one mind you for the embedded system .
After discussing with a few people , we concluded it was the drain and charging on the capacitors .
Believe it or not , a charged capacitor will actually change shape just a small bit ( due to the attraction of the plates ) .
When the computer is idle , the capacitors do n't change size noticably .
When the computer is busy , it drains the capacitors leading to small changes in capacitor shape which leads to the sound you hear .
Why do n't we hear a 120 Hz ( 2 x 60 Hz ) buzz all the time .
Because the good capacitors filter that out .
Our embedded computer 's power supply took 12V DC and changed it to the various different voltages needed by the different chipsets .
The sound originated from the later stages .
I 'm rather certain you are seeing something similar .
Try tacking the sound with a microphone .
Let us know your results .
From : technolope
2008-12-09 12:41 am ( UTC )
Re : It 's a capacitor ...
If it 's a capacitor , does that mean that the cap is going bad ?
I believe that the small motions of a tiny cap would be audible in certain situations .
But why would just that one subroutine trigger the noise ?
I have never heard my computer make that sound before , and I hammer that machine mercilessly .
I recorded the sound with the built - in rear mics on my Zoom H2 hand - held recorder , running on battery power .
Thanks for your input .
From : _earthshine_
2008-12-09 01:08 am ( UTC )
Re : It 's a capacitor ...
This is interesting , and makes sense , too .
I 've been partially trying to think what electrical component would make an audible noise like that , and this explanation is a good one .
As for the subroutine - specific characteristic , tho , could it be that both solutions are correct -- id est , the subroutine triggers heavy use of some particular area of memory , or some particular bus , and the guard cap or some power sub -system cap related to that subsystem is bearing the load ?
From : ( Anonymous )
2008-12-09 01:33 am ( UTC )
It 's an inductor
It is much more likely to be an inductor than a capacitor .
You seem to be observing what is often called " inductor whine " .
Its origins are very similar to the capacitor explanation given , but inductors are much more mechanical beasts , and are much more likely to resonate based on the frequency of the switching regulator that generates the voltage for your processor or memory .
It is unrelated to the speed of your motherboard 's busses , processor , etc .
It is related to the switching frequency of the regulator that generates the core voltage for your processor .
Your code stream is probably sucking just the right amount of current to make the component resonate .
I have seen this phenomenon on several PC motherboards ( happily , never on ones I have designed ) .
It is a pretty common occurrence .
Run your code in a continuous loop , open up your PC , and start gently touching various caps and inductors , and see if you can make it go away .
You will probably find that the core of an inductor is vibrating inside its coiled copper wire conductor .
Yes , some things may be a bit hot in there , but no voltages on the motherboard are dangerous to touch .
( Obviously , do n't go poking around in the ATX supply )
From : technolope
2008-12-09 01:45 am ( UTC )
Re : It 's an inductor Sweet .
Testable , if it was n't for the big honkin ' fan restricting access and the heat pipe covering some part of the power circuitry .
Nevertheless , I 'll give it a shot .
Instead , could I just kill the other 3 full - time processes and run the " noisy " one only , thus changing the total current through the potentially offending component ?
From : _earthshine_
2008-12-09 04:38 pm ( UTC )
Re : It 's an inductor Wow ... also fascinating .
Very cool !
(... and i'm now dreaming up an inductor theremin ... )
( Deleted comment )
From : technolope
2008-12-09 03:03 pm ( UTC )
_earthshine_
Thanks for the extra analysis .
I find it interesting that the broad - spectrum dark splotches seem to extend a bit into the lower - frequencies ( though are not as pronounced there ) , and that the 3rd sound has a little split in it !
Wow , nope , that sound seemed like a pure high - freq tone .
When 's calcuations showed that the tone was 13 kHz , I was suspicious , because I know what a high - freq tone sounds like ( ike teenbuzz ) , and what I hear is n't that .
I also thought that the tone lasted for more than a 1/10 sec --- it sounded to me like the bzzt was 0.4 sec with a . 1 sec gap between the 3 pulses .
I fully expect to find that what I think I heard was based on some sort of phychoacoustic phenomenon .
Thanks for the extra analysis .
I find it interesting that the broad - spectrum dark splotches seem to extend a bit into the lower - frequencies ( though are not as pronounced there ) , and that the 3rd sound has a little split in it !
From : _earthshine_
2008-12-09 04:44 pm ( UTC )
Wow ... nice software .
( Did i just quote a zany 80s movie ? ? )
Wild about the strong bzzt frequency showing there at more like 3.5k Hz .
Hrm .
I wonder why the discrepancy ?
Now i'm hoping i did n't screw up my frequency axis .
Gotta think about that .
( Deleted comment )
Flexible OLED displays are becoming more and more commonplace ( and festive ) , despite not actually being available in any devices you can buy just yet .
When that day finally comes , Universal Display Corporation thinks one of those gadgets will be something like the above : a wearable , flexible , 4 - inch prototype screen that CES attendees will be able to check out and maybe even try on -- albeit uncomfortably .
It 's been developed with military applications in mind ( they always get the cool stuff first ) , but bendy consumer devices are naturally envisioned as well .
There 's no word on when we 'll start seeing them in passports or flexi - phones , but we 're thinking we have a while to wait yet .
[ Warning : PDF link ; via OLED - DISPLAY.net
about this card
I love Christmas .
Christmas does n't mean presents , trees , or Jesus having a birthday .
It means pudding and fruit mince pies !
And also explaining what those things are to skeptical Americans who , without pudding or fruit mince pies , have been getting Christmas wrong for centuries .
Oh I should say something about this card .
Let 's see .
Let me think .
Hmm .
How about ' I need to stop saying the truth or nobody is going to invite me to their Christmas parties ...'
ST . JOHN'S , Nfld .
–A Labrador lawyer who was recently named a provincial court judge says he is stepping down from the appointment because of an impaired driving conviction 20 years ago he had " completely forgotten about . "
It 's not the first time questions surrounding Donald Singleton 's appointment to the bench have been raised .
Last week , the provincial government said Singleton pleaded guilty on a completely different matter – to two charges of possession under the Customs
Act in 2005 after a federal probe into the sale and distribution of duty - free goods at a military base in Happy Valley - Goose Bay .
For that , he was granted an absolute discharge , meaning his guilty plea did n't create a criminal record .
However , in an email sent late yesterday to The Canadian Press , Singleton said he wrote Newfoundland Justice Minister Tom Marshall informing him that he was withdrawing from the appointment .
Singleton , 48 , wrote that he had received a call Friday advising him that a reporter had contacted the provincial court asking for his criminal record .
A search was conducted and the reporter was told there was no record .
But a subsequent search on another system revealed an impaired driving conviction in the late 1980s , Singleton wrote in his note to The Canadian Press .
" I had completely forgotten about it and hence , had not disclosed it in my application to be a judge , " he wrote .
" I did not wilfully hold that information back .
I have always been a `warts and all ' kind of guy .
What you see is what you get .
But that was a whole other lifetime ago before I met my wife and I had genuinely forgotten about it . "
Still , Singleton said the revelation made him change his mind about accepting the appointment .
" Although I did genuinely forget about the impaired conviction , it nevertheless amounts to nondisclosure , " he wrote .
" And I could not seek to have my appointment maintained for fear that it would impact the perception of the administration of justice .
The public 's view of the criminal justice system is already low ( for reasons that have nothing to do with me ) . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Marshall confirmed he received Singleton 's resignation letter yesterday .
He said another judge tipped him off to the impaired driving conviction .
" My only comment would be that it ( the conviction ) ought not to have been forgotten , " he said .
The original description said it was a Christmas party .
I have no reason to think otherwise .
Seminole State College seeks applications for the following position : Assistant Professor of Art Salary commensurate with education and experience .
Excellent benefits .
For a detailed job description , application procedure , visit www.sscok.eduSubmit application packets to : Seminole State College Attn : Human Resources ( NT ) P.O. Box 351 Seminole , OK 74818 .
Read More
Are they up ?
That is what one Chinese source suggested in late November .
Logan Wright of Stone and McCarthy took a peak at the PBoC ’s balance sheet and it indicated that reserves ( measured in RMB ) were up in October , in part because the central bank reduced the dollar reserves that the state banks were required to hold .
Or are they down , as a set of leaks over the weekend suggest ?
As Michael Pettis notes , it is an important question -- and there is n’t yet any hard data points .
1 ) The rise in China ’s trade in surplus in q4 ( we have data from October and November ) certainly suggests that there is an underlying basis for ongoing reserve growth .
And the fact that the Fed ’s custodial holdings have been constant even as other countries ’ reserves have been falling suggests that someone has been adding to their reserves -- or that some central banks have been shifting money into the Fed for safekeeping because they no longer trust private custodians .
For that matter some of the money that China shifted to the state banks might have come back to the PBoC -- and as a result , the PBoC would have additional money to buy US bonds .
2 ) Exchange rate moves -- notably the dollar ’s rise against the euro -- would have cut into the dollar value of China ’s reserves in October and November .
October in particular .
I estimate that the valuation losses on China ’s foreign exchange reserves in October and November were in the $ 65 - 70 billion range .
That could explain a portion of the fall -- and it is consistent with an ongoing rise 9 or at least stability ) in China ’s US holdings .
But one would expect that the bulk of the valuation losses to come in October , not November . *
And if the dollar ’s recent slide is sustained for another week , valuation gains on China ’s euros and the like should add around $ 50 billion to China ’s reported December reserves .
3 ) If -- as is widely believed -- SAFE put about 5 % of its portfolio into equities in 2007 and early 2008 and if SAFE marks its equity portfolio to market , it should have additional valuation losses in October and November .
On the other hand , this also should have an impact on the q3 data -- especially the data for September .
I simply do n’t yet know how SAFE is accounting for fluctuations in its equity portfolio .
But so long as China put no more than 5 % of its reserves into equities , it is hard to see how q4 losses could top $ 25 billion ...
4 ) The market -- the offshore market for betting on the future direction of the yuan -- now expects a depreciation of the Chinese yuan .
The surprising rise in Hong Kong ’s reserves in November suggests that many in Hong Kong are no longer betting on yuan appreciation , and consequently have moved money back into the Hong Kong dollar .
The sharp slowdown in activity in China also provides another reason for hot money to move out of China ...
5 ) A strong dollar -- whether in 1998 , after the Asian crisis , or in 2008 , after the Lehman crisis -- historically has been associated with hot money outflows from China .
Chinese investors tend to believe that the yuan will rise against the dollar when the dollar is weak , and to worry that the yuan might depreciate against the dollar when the dollar is strong .
To the extent this is true , a lot more money would be expected to have left China in November than December .
Bottom line : I do n’t think anyone outside SAFE has a good read on what is really happening .
Today ’s leaks probably refer to end November numbers .
The end December numbers should be back above $ 1.9 trillion absent enormous capital outflows .
Currency moves will push up the dollar value of China ’s reserves in December , after pushing them down in October and November .
Roughly $ 20 billion in valuation losses from currency moves is n’t enough to offset China ’s likely q4 trade surplus ( $ 75 billion in the first two months , likely to be close to $ 100 billion for the quarter ) .
Even if $ 25 billion in equity losses are added to the $ 20 billion in estimated currency losses , China ’s reserves should still be growing absent significant capital outflows ...
There is a bigger point as well : China does n’t release its reserves data in a transparent way .
The CIC has n’t carried through on its stated desire to be as transparent as Norway ’s sovereign fund .
And the PBoC is less transparent than most other central banks .
Even the Saudis -- hardly a beacon of transparency -- have formally released data on their October reserves .
The main reason outsiders do n’t know what is happening is that China ’s leadership does n’t want seem to want outsiders to know what is happening ...
* If China ’s headline reserves fell by around $ 16 b in October ( as one source suggests ) , that does n’t imply that any money actually left China .
Currency valuation losses in October could easily have been over $ 60 billion -- which would imply underlying reserve growth was still positive .
Very roughly , $ 60 b - $ 15 = $ 45 b in " valuation adjusted " reserve growth , or about $ 10 b more than implied by China ’s October trade surplus .
On the other hand , the PBoC ’s other foreign assets ( the dollar reserve requirement imposed on the state banks ) fell in October -- which might otherwise have been expected to have pushed China ’s headline reserves up more .
All in all , the limited available data suggests modest hot money outflows in October .
I would guess those outflows picked up in November -- and do n’t yet have a guess for December .
The Exclusionary Rule and Security
Earlier this month , the Supreme Court ruled that evidence gathered as a result of errors in a police database is admissible in court .
Their narrow decision is wrong , and will only ensure that police databases remain error - filled in the future .
The specifics of the case are simple .
A computer database said there was a felony arrest warrant pending for Bennie Herring when there actually was n’t .
When the police came to arrest him , they searched his home and found illegal drugs and a gun .
The Supreme Court was asked to rule whether the police had the right to arrest him for possessing those items , even though there was no legal basis for the search and arrest in the first place .
What ’s at issue here is the exclusionary rule , which basically says that unconstitutionally or illegally collected evidence is inadmissible in court .
It might seem like a technicality , but excluding what is called “ the fruit of the poisonous tree ” is a security system designed to protect us all from police abuse .
We have a number of rules limiting what the police can do : rules governing arrest , search , interrogation , detention , prosecution , and so on .
And one of the ways we ensure that the police follow these rules is by forbidding the police to receive any benefit from breaking them .
In fact , we design the system so that the police actually harm their own interests by breaking them , because all evidence that stems from breaking the rules is inadmissible .
And that ’s what the exclusionary rule does .
If the police search your home without a warrant and find drugs , they ca n’t arrest you for possession .
Since the police have better things to do than waste their time , they have an incentive to get a warrant .
The Herring case is more complicated , because the police thought they did have a warrant .
The error was not a police error , but a database error .
And , in fact , Judge Roberts wrote for the majority : “ The exclusionary rule serves to deter deliberate , reckless , or grossly negligent conduct , or in some circumstances recurring or systemic negligence .
The error in this case does not rise to that level . ”
Unfortunately , Roberts is wrong .
Government databases are filled with errors .
People often ca n’t see data about themselves , and have no way to correct the errors if they do learn of any .
And more and more databases are trying to exempt themselves from the Privacy Act of 1974 , and specifically the provisions that require data accuracy .
The legal argument for excluding this evidence was best made by an amicus curiae brief filed by the Electronic Privacy Information Center , but in short , the court should exclude the evidence because it ’s the only way to ensure police database accuracy .
We are protected from becoming a police state by limits on police power and authority .
This is not a trade - off we make lightly : we deliberately hamper law enforcement ’s ability to do its job because we recognize that these limits make us safer .
Without the exclusionary rule , your only remedy against an illegal search is to bring legal action against the police — and that can be very difficult .
We , the people , would rather have you go free than motivate the police to ignore the rules that limit their power .
By not applying the exclusionary rule in the Herring case , the Supreme Court missed an important opportunity to motivate the police to purge errors from their databases .
Constitutional lawyers have written many articles about this ruling , but the most interesting idea comes from George Washington University professor Daniel J. Solove , who proposes this compromise : “ If a particular database has reasonable protections and deterrents against errors , then the Fourth Amendment exclusionary rule should not apply .
If not , then the exclusionary rule should apply .
Such a rule would create an incentive for law enforcement officials to maintain accurate databases , to avoid all errors , and would ensure that there would be a penalty or consequence for errors . ”
Increasingly , we are being judged by the trail of data we leave behind us .
Increasingly , data accuracy is vital to our personal safety and security .
And if errors made by police databases are n’t held to the same legal standard as errors made by policemen , then more and more innocent Americans will find themselves the victims of incorrect data .
This essay originally appeared on the Wall Street Journal website .
EDITED TO ADD ( 2/1 ) : More on the assault on the exclusionary rule .
EDITED TO ADD ( 2/9 ) :
Here ’s another recent court case involving the exclusionary rule , and a thoughtful analysis by Orin Kerr .
Posted on January 28 , 2009 at 7:12 AM • 108 Comments
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Two pre-school children and an adult have been killed and 13 other people wounded in a knife attack at a creche in north - western Belgium .
A man who had painted his face black and white reportedly tricked his way into the nursery in Dendermonde , where he ran amok before escaping .
A suspect was arrested at a nearby shop and will appear in court later .
Parents have been asked to identify their children from photographs taken at local hospitals .
' Great brutality '
Dr Ignace Demeyer , director of a nearby hospital , told the Associated Press that 10 children had been brought in needing surgery .
The whole city is united in support for the parents who are in deep grief
Buyse Piet
Mayor
" All the kids had multiple stab wounds on their legs , arms and all over their bodies , " he said .
Two women - believed to be nursery workers - and another child were also hurt in the attack .
The woman who was killed was also working at the creche at the time .
Officials said the adults had been injured as they tried to put themselves between the attacker and the children .
" An act of great brutality has happened here against our weakest citizens , " said Dendermonde 's mayor , Buyse Piet .
" The whole city is united in support for the parents who are in deep grief . "
The creche was evacuated soon after the incident and local authorities put a disaster plan in place .
Town in shock Nursery staff told journalists that the attacker was not known to them .
In pictures : Belgian stabbing Officials said he rang the doorbell at the Fabeltjesland nursery at 1000 local time ( 0900 GMT ) and told staff he needed some information .
When they opened the door , he ran in and began attacking three of the infants .
" He quickly pulled out a knife and started using it on the children , " said local prosecutor Christian Du Four .
" He then went up to another floor and started doing the same thing again . "
The prosecutor said the man 's face had been smeared with a white colouring but his eyes had been blackened .
He escaped from the scene by bicycle but was arrested at a supermarket .
Residents told the BBC that the town was stunned .
Damien Vernon , a 43 - year - old from Ireland who has lived in Dendermonde for five years , said : " It 's just a sad day here , we 're a small town and the crime figures are low here , we 're just in shock . "
The creche looks after 18 children aged three and under .
Police have been showing parents digital photographs of the youngsters taken to hospital , asking them to identify their children .
The children and staff from the nursery who escaped without injury are now receiving counselling .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is dedicated to every ignorant “ tech journalist ” who cried wolf about UAC in Windows Vista .
A change to User Account Control ( UAC ) in Windows 7 ( beta ) to make it “ less annoying ” inadvertently clears the path for a simple but ingenius override that renders UAC disabled without user interaction .
For the security conscious , a workaround is also provided at the end .
First and foremost , I want to clear up two things .
First , I was originally going to blackmail Microsoft for a large ransom for the details of this flaw , but in these uncertain economic times , their ransom fund has probably been cut back so I ’m just going to share this for free .
Secondly , the reason I ’m blogging about this flaw is not because of its security implications – it is blatantly simple to fix – but Microsoft ’s apparent ignorance towards the matter on their official Windows 7 beta feedback channel by noting the issue as “ by design ” and hinting it wo n’t be fixed in the retail version .
A security - minded ‘ whistleblower ’ came forth to ask me if I could publicize this issue to maybe persuade them to change their mind .
And that ’s what I ’m doing .
Now for a bit of background information on the changes to UAC in Windows 7 .
By default , Windows 7 ’s UAC setting is set to “ Notify me only when programs try to make changes to my computer ” and “ Do n’t notify me when I make changes to Windows settings ” .
How it distinguishes between a ( third party ) program and Windows settings is with a security certificate .
The applications / applets which manage Windows settings are signed with a special Microsoft Windows 7 certificate .
As such , control panel items are signed with this certificate so they do n’t prompt UAC if you change any system settings .
The Achilles ’ heel of this system is that changing UAC is also considered a “ change to Windows settings ” , coupled with the new default UAC security level , would not prompt you if changed .
Even to disable UAC entirely .
Of course it ’s not a security vulnerability if you have to coerce the user into disabling UAC themselves ( although sweet candy is exceptionally persuasive ) , I had to think “ bad thoughts ” to come up with a way to disable UAC without the user ’s interaction .
The solution was trivial , you could complete the whole process with just keyboard shortcuts so why not make an application that emulates a sequence of keyboard inputs .
With the help of my developer side - kick Rafael Rivera , we came up with a fully functional proof - of - concept in VBScript ( would be just as easy in C++ EXE ) to do that – emulate a few keyboard inputs – without prompting UAC .
You can download and try it out for yourself here , but bear in mind it actually does disable UAC .
We soon realized the implications are even worse than originally thought .
You could automate a restart after UAC has been changed , add a program to the user ’s startup folder and because UAC is now off , run with full administrative privileges ready to wreak havoc .
This is the part where one would usually demand a large sum of money but since I ’m feeling generous , there is a simple fix to this problem Microsoft can implement without sacrificing any of the benefits the new UAC model provides , and that is to force a UAC prompt in Secure Desktop mode whenever UAC is changed , regardless of its current state .
This is not a fool - proof solution ( users can still inadvertently click “ yes ” ) but a simple one I would encourage Microsoft to implement seeing how they ’re on a tight deadline to ship this .
Having UAC on at the policy as it is currently implemented in Windows 7 is as good as not having it on at all .
Until when Microsoft decides to fix this , if they do at all , beta users of Windows 7 can also apply a simple fix .
Changing the UAC policy to “ Always Notify ” will force Windows 7 to notify you even if UAC settings change .
Annoying , but safe .
Update : I must credit Aubrey from WindowsConnected.com for also touching on this issue briefly today .
Update 2 : Microsoft has officially responded to my concerns and continues to insist the functionality is “ by design ” , dismisses the security concerns and again leans towards they will not be addressing the issue for the final release of Windows 7 .
Update 3 : A reader has kindly asked me to highlight a particular condition for this to work , the user must be in the “ Administrative ” user group , and not in the “ Standard ” user group where they will be prompted for a administrative password .
In defense of the seriousness of the issue , the Vista and Windows 7 default user group is “ Administrative ” and I ’m sure that ’s what most home users are running .
Update 4 : Microsoft ’s Jon DeVaan has posted a response on the official Windows 7 blog with an extensive look at the UAC system in Windows 7 and their decision on the default security policy .
In conclusion , they continue to stand by their decision and does not indicate they will change the default UAC policy .
Update 5 : Microsoft fixed this .
Press Release
Launch of One Law for All – Campaign against Sharia law in Britain
December 1 , 2008
The One Law for All campaign against Sharia law in Britain is to be launched at the House of Lords on International Human Rights Day , December 10 , 2008 from 4:00 to 5:00 pm .
According to campaign organiser , Maryam Namazie , ‘ Even in civil matters , Sharia law is discriminatory , unfair and unjust , particularly against women and children .
Moreover , its voluntary nature is a sham ; many women will be pressured into going to these courts and abiding by their decisions .
These courts are a quick and cheap route to injustice and do nothing to promote minority rights and social cohesion .
Public interest , particularly with regard to women and children , requires an end to Sharia and all other faith - based courts and tribunals . ’
The campaign has already received widespread support including from AC Grayling ; Ayaan Hirsi Ali ; Bahram Soroush ; Baroness Caroline Cox ; Caspar Melville ; Deeyah ; Fariborz Pooya ; Gina Khan ; Houzan Mahmoud ; Homa Arjomand ; Ibn Warraq ; Joan Smith ; Johann Hari ; Keith Porteous Wood ; Mina Ahadi ; Naser Khader ; Nick Cohen ; Richard Dawkins ; Shakeb Isaar ; Sonja Eggerickx ; Stephen Law ; Tarek Fatah ; Tauriq Moosa ; Taslima Nasrin and others .
It has also received the support of organisations such as Children First Now ; Council of Ex-Muslims of Britain ; Equal Rights Now – Organisation against Women ’s Discrimination in Iran ; European Humanist Federation ; International Committee against Stoning ; International Humanist and Ethical Union ; Iranian Secular Society ; Lawyers Secular Society ; the National Secular Society ; and the Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan .
http://maryamnamazie.blogspot.com/2008/12/launch-of-one-law-for-all-campaign.html
George Washington ’s Blog
Wednesday , Dec 31 , 2008
Political science professor at the University of Texas at El Paso Charles Boehmer points out that “ The military was not called out during the Great Depression … . ”
So why is the military planning on how to crush civil protest in regards to the current economic crisis ( see this , this , this , this , this and this ) ?
Is it because the theft – via “ bailouts ” and other hanky - panky by Treasury , the Fed and others – of hard - earned taxpayer wealth is
The other potential explanation is that the military has been told that this financial crisis could be much , much worse than the Great Depression .
So which is it ?
The obviousness of the theft or the severity of the crisis ?
My guess . . . both .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Posted by Robby Russell
DHH recently posted , How to do Basecamp - style subdomains in Rails on SvN and it just happens that I was implementing some similar stuff this last week for a project we ’re developing internally .
In our project , not everything needs to be scoped per-account as we are building a namespace for administrators of the application and also want a promotional site for the product .
Three different interfaces , with some overlap between them all .
Let ’s walk through a few quick steps that you can follow to setup the two interfaces within the same application .
Suppose that we ’re going to build a new web - based product and have the following requirements initially .
We need a promotional site for sign - ups , frequently - asked - questions , support requests , etc .
When people sign - up for an account , they ’ll should have their own unique sub- domain
There are two different visual layouts ( promotional site and the account )
Note : I use RSpec and am going to skip the TDD process here and let you conquer that for yourself .
Am using the default Rails commands in this tutorial .
Account model / Database
We ’re going to generate a new model for Account , which will be responsible for scoping sub - domains and individual accounts .
account - demo : ruby script / generate model Account subdomain : string create app / models / create test / unit / create test / fixtures / create app / models / account .
rb create test / unit / account_test .
rb create test / fixtures / accounts .
yml exists db / migrate create db / migrate / 20090111220627_ create_accounts . rb
Great , let ’s migrate our application .
account - demo : rake db : migrate == CreateAccounts : migrating ================================================= -- create_table ( : accounts ) -> 0.0045 s == CreateAccounts : migrated ( 0.0052 s ) ========================================
Before we get too far , let ’s make sure that we ’re adding an index on this table for the subdomain , as it ’ll improve performance in the database as the subdomain will used in SQL conditions quite often .
account - demo : ruby script / generate migration AddIndexToAccountSubdomain exists db / migrate create db / migrate / 20090111221009_ add_index_to_account_subdomain . rb
Let ’s open up this new migration file and toss in a UNIQUE INDEX on subdomain .
class AddIndexToAccountSubdomain < ActiveRecord :: Migration def self .up add_index :accounts , : subdomain , :unique => true end def self .
down remove_index : accounts , : subdomain end end
Okay , let ’s migrate this bad boy .
account - demo : rake db : migrate == AddIndexToAccountSubdomain : migrating ===================================== -- add_index ( :accounts , :subdomain , { :unique= > true } ) -> 0.0047 s == AddIndexToAccountSubdomain : migrated ( 0.0050 s ) ============================
Great , we ’re now ready to move on to the fun stuff .
Let ’s open up app / models / account.rb and throw some sugar in it .
Data Validation
Because we ’re going to be dealing with subdomains , we need to make sure that we ’re only allowing people to sign - up with valid data otherwise , there could be issues .
URLs need to fit within certain conventions and we need to make it as graceful as possible for our customers .
Let ’s make a quick list of what we need to enforce for the subdomain attributes .
This can easily be expanded , but let ’s cover the basics .
Each account should have a subdomain
Each subdomain should be unique within the application
should be unique within the application A subdomain should be alpha-numeric with no characters or spaces with the exception of a dash ( my requirement )
should be alpha-numeric with no characters or spaces with the exception of a dash ( my requirement ) A subdomain should be stored as lowercase
So , let ’s update the following default Account model … .
class Account < ActiveRecord :: Base end
.. and add some basic validations .
class Account < ActiveRecord :: Base validates_presence_of :subdomain validates_format_of :subdomain , : with => / ^[ A - Za-z0-9- ]+$ / , : message => '
The subdomain can only contain alphanumeric characters and dashes . ' , :allow_blank => true validates_uniqueness_of : subdomain , :case_sensitive => false before_validation : downcase_subdomain protected def downcase_subdomain self .
subdomain .
downcase ! if attribute_present ? ( " subdomain " ) end end
Reserved subdomains
In the project that our team is working on , we wanted to reserve several subdomains so that we could use them later on .
We tossed in the following validation as well .
validates_exclusion_of : subdomain , : in => %w ( support blog www billing help api ) , : message => "
The subdomain < strong > {{value}} </ strong > is reserved and unavailable . "
This will prevent people from using those when they sign up .
Controller / Handling Requests
Let ’s now think about how we ’ll handle requests so that we can scope the application to the current account when a subdomain is being referenced in the URL .
For example , let ’s say that our application is going to be : http://purplecowapp.com/ [ 1 ]
Customers will get to sign - up and reserve http://customer-name.purplecowapp.com/ .
I want my account subdomain to be green .
purplecowapp.com and everything under this subdomain should be related to my instance of the application .
I ’ve begun working on my own module , which is inspired mostly by the account_location plugin with some additions to meet some of our product ’s requirements .
Here is my attempt to simplify it for you ( removed some other project - specific references ) and have put this into a Gist for you .
module SubdomainAccounts def self .
included ( controller ) controller .
helper_method ( :account_domain , :account_subdomain , :account_url , :current_account , :default_account_subdomain , : default_account_url ) end protected def default_account_subdomain ' ' end def account_url ( account_subdomain = default_account_subdomain , use_ssl = request .
ssl? ) http_protocol ( use_ssl ) + account_host ( account_subdomain ) end def account_host ( subdomain ) account_host = ' ' account_host << subdomain + ' . ' account_host << account_domain end def account_domain account_domain = ' ' account_domain << request .
domain + request .
port_string end def account_subdomain request .
subdomains . first || ' ' end def default_account_url ( use_ssl = request .
ssl? ) http_protocol ( use_ssl ) + account_domain end def current_account Account .
find_by_subdomain ( account_subdomain ) end def http_protocol ( use_ssl = request .
ssl? ) ( use_ssl ? " https :// " : " http:// " ) end end
View gist here ( embed was n’t working right when I tried )
Just include this into your lib / directory and require it in config / environment.rb .
( if people think it ’s worth moving into a plugin , I could do that )
Including AccountSubdomains
In the main application controller ( app/ controllers / application.rb ) , just include this submodule .
class ApplicationController < ActionController :: Base include SubdomainAccounts ... end
Now , we ’ll want to add a check to verify that the requested subdomain is a valid account .
( our code also checks for status on paid memberships , etc … but I ’ll just show a basic version without that )
Let ’s add in the following to app / controllers / application.rb .
This will only check on the status of the account ( via subdomain ) if the current subdomain is not the default .
For example : purplecowapp.com is just our promotion site , so we wo n’t look up the account status and / or worry about the subdomain .
Otherwise , we ’ll check on the status .
before_filter : check_account_status protected def check_account_status unless account_subdomain == default_account_subdomain redirect_to default_account_url if current_account . nil ?
end end
Current Account meets Project model
When requests are made to an account ’s subdomain , we want to be able to scope our controller actions .
WARNING : I ’m going to gloss over the following steps because this is just standard Rails development stuff and I want to focus on how to scope your Rails code to account subdomains .
I ’ll just say that this product gives each account many projects to do stuff within .
I ’ll assume that you ’ll know how to handle all that and we ’ll assume you have a Project model already .
What you will need is to add a foreign key to your table ( projects in this example ) that references Account .
So , make sure that your model has an account_id attribute with and that the database table column has an INDEX .
We ’ll add our associations in the models so that they can reference each other .
class Account < ActiveRecord ::
Base has_many : projects end class Project < ActiveRecord :: Base belongs_to : account end
Okay great … back to our controllers .
The SubdomainAccounts module provides you with the current_account variable , which you can use within your controllers / views .
This allows us to do the following in our controllers .
For example , if we had a ProjectsController .
class ProjectsController < ApplicationController def index @projects = current_account .
projects . find ( : all ) end def new @project = current_account .
projects .
new end def show @project = current_account .
projects . find ( params [ : id ] ) end end
See , this was n’t so hard , was it ?
Handling layouts
I wanted to highlight one other thing here because I suspect that most projects that fit this will likely need a promotional / resource site where people will sign - up from .
In our application , we have two application layouts .
One for the main application that customers will interact with via their subdomain and the promotional site layout .
The default layout is just app / views / layouts / application.html.erb and we have our promotional site layout at app / views / layouts / promo_site.html.erb .
A few of our controllers are specifically for the promotional site while the rest are for the application itself and in some cases , there is some overlap down to individual action within a controller .
What we did was add a few more before filters to our application controller to a ) define the proper layout to render , and b ) skip login_required on the promo site .
To have the proper layout get rendered , we ’re just checking whether the current request was made to the promotional site or not .
class ApplicationController < ActionController ::
Base layout : current_layout_name protected def promo_site ?
account_subdomain == default_account_subdomain end def current_layout_name promo_site ? ? ' promo_site ' : ' application ' end end
Our application is using Restful Authentication and we just want to check to see if the current request is made to the promotional site or not .
If it is , we ’ll skip the login_required filter .
Let ’s assume that you have the following before_filter set .
class ApplicationController < ActionController :: Base before_filter :login_required
We ’ll just change this to :
class ApplicationController < ActionController :: Base before_filter :check_if_login_is_required protected def promo_site ?
account_subdomain == default_account_subdomain end def current_layout_name promo_site ? ? ' promo_site ' : ' application ' end def check_if_login_is_required login_required unless promo_site ?
end
There we go .
We can now render the proper layout given the request and only handle authentication when necessary .
Development with account subdomains
When you begin developing an application like this , you need to move beyond using http://locahost:3000
as we need to be able to develop and test with subdomains .
You can open up your /etc / hosts ( within a Unix - based O/S ) file and add the following .
127.0.0.1 purplecowapp.dev 127.0.0.1 green.purplecowapp.dev 127.0.0.1 sample.purplecowapp.dev 127.0.0.1 planetargon.purplecowapp.dev 127.0.0.1 lollipops.purplecowapp.dev 127.0.0.1 help.purplecowapp.dev 127.0.0.1 support.purplecowapp.dev
After you edit that file ( with root permissions ) , you can flush your dns cache with dscacheutil - flushcache ( Mac OS X ) .
This will let you make requests to http://purplecowapp.dev:3000/ and http://green.purplecowapp.dev:3000 .
This is a convention that our team has begun using for our own projects ( TLD ending in .dev ) .
It ’s important to remember that the subdomain must be specified here in order to work for local requests .
Unfortunately , hosts files do n’t support wildcards ( ’*’ ) .
Update
You can also use Ghost , which is a gem for managing DNS entries locally with Mac OS X. Read Get to know a gem : Ghost
Summary
I know that I glossed over some sections , but was hoping that the code itself would be the most beneficial for you .
Feel free to leave any questions and / or provide some feedback on our approach .
Perhaps you have some suggestions that I could incorporate into this so that we can improve on this pattern .
1 yeah , I ’ve been reading more Seth Godin recently …
British Muslims ' went on London reconnaissance mission to help July 7 bombers '
Three men helped the July 7 bombers prepare for their attack on the London transport system with a reconnaissance mission of the capital , a court heard today .
Waheed Ali , 25 , Sadeer Saleem , 28 , and Mohammed Shakil , 32 , are said to have spent two days in the city during which they visited attractions including the Natural History Museum , the London Eye and the London Aquarium .
It is alleged the trip ' was an important first step ' in the plot to detonate bombs in the UK .
On trial : ( left to right ) Sadeer Saleem , Waheed Ali and Mohammed Shakil
The trio , all from Beeston , Leeds , deny conspiring with Mohammad Sidique Khan , Shezhad Tanweer , Jermaine Lindsay and Hasib Hussain to cause explosions between November 17 2004 and July 8 2005 .
The four suicide bombers killed 52 people and injured hundreds more when they set off bombs on London 's transport network in 2005 .
Neil Flewitt QC told Kingston crown court , where a re-trial started today , that there was no dispute that Khan , Tanweer , Lindsay and Hussain were behind the 7/7 bombings .
But he added : ' The defendants associated with and shared the objectives of the London bombers and so were willing to assist their preparations . '
The trial continues .
Mirindi Euprazi was at home with her family when the rebels attacked .
They broke into her home and took all her possessions , before torturing her , her husband and their teenage children .
Then the horror began .
" They forced my son to have sex with me , and when he'd finished they killed him .
Then they raped me in front of my husband and then they killed him too .
Then they took away my three daughters . "
She has n't heard of the three girls , 13 , 14 and 17 , since .
A small woman , she speaks softly and without visible emotion , but as she describes being left naked while her house burned , she raises a hand to cover her face .
Euprazi , 50 , lives in the village of Ninja , in the Walungu region of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , close to Rwanda 's western border .
Today , Ninja is a village almost exclusively of women and children .
Most of the husbands have been killed , either by Interahamwe - the Hutu militias responsible for the 1994 Rwandan genocide who then fled over the border into the forests of eastern Congo - or by Tutsi rebels led by General Laurent Nkunda .
Almost every woman here has been raped , some countless times .
Some have been so badly injured by repeated rapes by different militias that they are barely able to stand .
Many of their children were conceived through rape .
The plight of the women of Walungu has been documented in remarkable video footage obtained by a nurse and featured in a Guardian film .
Walungu is just 40 miles from Bukavu , one of a handful of regional centres where the UN , international aid agencies and journalists have been based since fighting between Nkunda 's militia and Congolese troops displaced 250,000 people in eastern Congo .
Their purpose is to protect civilians and distribute aid , but the NGOs say it is often too dangerous to venture outside the towns .
In Ninja , women and children go hungry .
Humanitarian aid has not reached here , and there is no security .
Leah Chishugi , a nurse now living in London , travelled to the region in September and October to take food and medicine to the villages .
Chishugi grew up in Goma , just inside the Congolese border , so she knows the region well and is fluent in local languages , but after narrowly surviving the Rwandan genocide in 1994 she fled as a refugee to Britain .
Appalled by what she discovered on her return , she began to film interviews with rape survivors in the villages .
" The women told me I was the first person from the outside world to reach them .
They have had no help from aid agencies , nor from the Congolese government and the UN , because this area is too dangerous for them to travel to . "
She rented a car in Bukavu , on the shores of Lake Tanganyika , and drove to Walungu .
When the roads became impassable she walked .
" The forests were littered with corpses , " she said .
" It was a horrific sight and the smell was unbearable .
I imagine that many of the bodies were those of the men who had lived in the villages .
" This killing of the men has happened in other places too such as Kiwanja [ further north ] .
I 'm sure the idea is that by getting rid of the men they weaken the population , so that if they want to take full control of this territory ... there are no local men to fight them . "
Over the two months she interviewed approximately 500 rape victims .
She recorded names , ages , locations of the rapes and whether the perpetrators were Tutsi or Hutu .
The youngest victim was a one - year - old baby , the oldest a woman of 90 .
Many were raped in their homes , others in the forests where they gathered firewood .
One 14 - year - old already had two children conceived through rape .
These atrocities are not new : the oldest child Chishugi recorded who was conceived through rape by the militias was nine years old .
" I was on my way to market with some of the other women when I stopped off to pee , " one woman told Chishugi .
" I was carrying wood and I was taken by the rebels .
Five of them raped me .
I still have pain in my legs because they were so violent .
Afterwards they said , ' You must not walk alone any more . '
I have two children born from the rebels . "
Nsimire Bachiyunjuze , 21 , was 16 when she was first taken by the rebels .
" I now have three children born through rape and I 'm HIV positive as a result of what they did to me . "
Her husband rejected her .
HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases are rife among the women who have been raped , says Chishugi .
" Some of the babies were born sick with HIV and the women told me they threw these babies in the bush .
Some of the women are bleeding all the time and there are lots of vaginal infections . "
Madame , 70 , said : " Since they raped me nowhere in my body feels right .
I have problems with my womb , back and stomach .
The rebels took my daughter and now I 'm looking after my four grandchildren .
I have to sleep in the church because I have no house . "
" I saw horrific injuries from the rapes , " said Chishugi .
" Sometimes the rebels shove corn cobs or gun barrels into the women 's vaginas after they 've raped them .
I saw women who were permanently sat on basins because since they 'd been raped they had n't stopped bleeding .
I also saw women who'd had their breasts cut off . "
One charity worker said the problems had persisted since shortly after the genocide .
" Hutus pursued by Tutsi militias had their camps dismantled and then invaded remote villages .
Since then these outlaws , both Hutus and Tutsis , have been committing massacres .
People sleep in the bush fearing night raids .
Many die from pneumonia and malaria .
We do n't yet know how many casualties there are [ but ] no humanitarian aid is reaching these people . "
A spokesman for the UNHCR said that while there were many agencies working in Walungu , they had " minimal presence " in villages close to areas still occupied by Hutu militias known as FDLR .
" There are frequent reports of sexual abuse of women and girls by both FDLR and Congolese army , " said the spokesman .
" Areas such as Ninja ... are more far flung and inaccessible due to the continued presence of FDLR in the forests .
Agencies will not go to areas where their safety cannot be guaranteed . "
" This situation is not going to go away , " Chishugi said .
" I want the international community to take action .
During the 1994 Rwandan genocide nobody spoke up for us and now I want to speak up for people who are suffering .
" [ These women ] are still terrified when you talk to them ; you really find the deeper pain in their heart .
So they need more than just food .
These people need help . "
On Wednesday , the court of appeal dismissed an attempt to argue that it was not safe to return failed asylum seekers to DRC , and forced removals to the country may resume shortly .
· This article was amended on Friday December 5 2008 .
The Rwandan genocide took place in 1994 , not 1984 , as a typographical error originally said in the article above .
This has been corrected .
· This article was further amended on Saturday December 6 2008 to remove an error introduced during the editing process
By Martin Vennard
BBC News
The family of a 14 - year - old Afghan rape victim face prosecution after her foetus was removed without anaesthetic .
The mother and brother of the girl are accused of cutting her open with a razor blade to perform an abortion .
Doctors say the girl is in a critical condition .
A man accused of raping her is under arrest , officials say .
Rape victims and their families in Afghanistan often feel ashamed to report what has happened because people may think the victim consented to sex .
Sex outside marriage is illegal in Afghanistan .
' Dog bite '
The governor of Bamiyan Province , Habiba Sarabi , says that action is being taken .
When the girl was five months pregnant it is alleged her mother and brother took her to a stables and cut her open with a razor blade .
They removed the foetus , which they buried , before stitching up her wound , Governor Sarabi said .
The father eventually took the girl to get medical treatment .
Dr Ghulam Mohammad Nader , head of Bamiyan hospital , said the girl is in a critical condition , but that she had been able to explain what had happened to her .
" The girl stayed at home for three or four days in her condition until her father took her to hospital , " Dr Nader said .
" He said a dog had bitten her so that people in the area would n't know what had really happened . "
The girl has now been transferred to Kabul for treatment .
The provincial governor says the man accused of raping the girl has been arrested and that police are trying to arrest her mother and brother .
The victims of rape and their families in Afghanistan are often afraid to admit what has happened to them because of the stigma and shame attached to the issue .
Sometimes the victims are murdered by their own families .
Critics accuse the authorities of not taking accusations of rape seriously , especially those made by children .
But President Karzai recently called for rapists to be brought to justice and the Afghan Supreme Court suspended three judges who acquitted people accused of rape .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From the car park in the foothills of the Range of the Awful Hand , it is a short walk to what may be the darkest place in the country .
Drive up here after sunset and you are unlikely to set eyes on another soul , yet the site is famous among a small group of enthusiasts who come here in the black of night to stand , watch and wonder .
The patch of ground in the imposing row of mountains is surrounded by 300 square miles of moorland , woods and lochs that form the rugged wilderness of Galloway Forest Park in southern Scotland , and in a few weeks , officers at the forest will take steps towards making it Europe 's first official dark sky park .
It is the profound lack of light that makes the area worthy of recognition and such a spectacular place to look at nature .
The spot is so remote that on a cloudless night it offers an unrivalled view of the heavens : a rare chance to see shooting stars and the distant Andromeda galaxy , the aurora borealis and stellar nurseries where suns are born to warm alien planets .
Only two other parks in the world , one in Pennsylvania , the other in Utah , have been recognised by the International Dark - Sky Association , a US - based organisation that seeks to preserve and celebrate the darkest corners of the Earth .
To earn dark sky park status , officials in Galloway will submit digital photographs of the night sky taken through a fisheye lens .
Their application must be supported by readings from light meters at different points in the park , and a list of measures that are being taken within the forest to prevent lights in and around the handful of farm buildings from spilling upwards into the sky and ruining the view .
Registering the park in Galloway will be a British highlight of Unesco 's International Year of Astronomy ( IYA ) in 2009 .
If the park 's accreditation is successful , others including Exmoor National Park , the Brecon Beacons and the Peak District are expected to follow suit .
Interest in preserving areas where the glow of the city has yet to encroach on the night sky follows work by the Campaign for Dark Skies , a group set up by the British Astronomical Society in 1989 to highlight the growing issue of light pollution .
With increasing urbanisation come better - lit streets , roads and buildings , which send light needlessly up into the sky , obscuring all but the brightest stars .
According to some estimates , the amount of light that leaks into space costs around £ 110 m a year .
" If you go out in an urban street and look up at night , you might see 50 , maybe 100 stars at best .
But come to our park and when you look up and let your eyes adjust , there are so many stars you can't count them .
You see shooting stars , satellites and the Milky Way , with its billions of stars .
You do n't even need a high - powered telescope : a pair of binoculars is brilliant , " said Keith Muir , recreation officer at Galloway Forest Park .
Steven Owens , an astronomer who is coordinating the UK 's involvement in the IYA , said : " We 've become a very urban population , and in doing so we 've cut ourselves off from experiences people have had for hundreds and thousands of years .
" People have been looking up at the night sky , telling stories and passing on myths and legends for the entirety of recorded human history .
But when we moved into cities , we lost that very deep connection with the universe .
In setting up dark sky parks , we 're trying to reconnect people with nature . "
The darkness of the night sky is judged on what is called the Bortle scale , where night - time illumination over London ranks as a 10 , while that over an oil rig in the Pacific ranks as one .
Galloway scores around three on the scale , making its skies the darkest in Europe .
Marek Kukula , an astronomer at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich , said designated dark sky parks were needed to put the brakes on the rapidly vanishing natural beauty of the night sky .
" This is a part of our heritage that we 're losing .
If we concreted over the countryside and bulldozed the forests , there would be an outcry , but this has sneaked up on us , and people do n't realise what we are doing .
The night sky is an amazing spectacle that 90 % of the population does n't get to see , " he said .
Next year , astronomers led by Dan Hillier at the Royal Observatory in Edinburgh aim to set up partnerships between local parks and astronomers to raise awareness of stargazing across the UK for those without easy access to the more remote corners of the country .
The best time to view the night sky , especially in Scotland , is in the winter when the nights are darker and longer .
Amateur astronomers recommend using websites and magazines to find out what will be in the sky and when .
" You might be able to see Venus and Jupiter on the horizon at sunset .
And if you go somewhere perfectly dark and look just beneath the belt of Orion the Hunter , you 'll see a fuzzy blob .
It might not look much , but it 's a stellar nursery where new stars are born , " said Owens .
After midnight on 3 January and before dawn the next day , Britain will have a prime view of the Quadrantid meteor shower , when astronomers expect to see around 100 shooting stars an hour .
The brilliant streaks of light are caused by the Earth hurtling through giant clouds of dust particles , which burn up in the upper reaches of the atmosphere .
' I went back to check it , it had not recorded my presidential vote ! '
Says Terrified , Potentially Disenfranchised Queen of Television ...
NOW UPDATED With Much More Useful Info for Oprah and Others Who Do Not Understand These Voting Systems , or What to do If the Same Thing Happens To You ...
Brad Friedman Byon
10/31/2008 , 10:25 pm PT
[ Comments turned back on , but the first 57 may have been lost when our server crashed under the straight of huge traffic on Saturday .
We 're trying to recover , but my apologies if we can not get them back .
Please repost as needed .
- BF ]
Well , now , finally we may be able to get rid of these damned things , now that it 's actually happened to Oprah .
Via Huff Po ...
" When I voted yesterday electronically , the first vote that you vote for on the ballot is the presidential candidate .
It was my first time doing electronic , so I did n't mark the X strong enough , or I held down too long .
Because then when I went back to check it , it had not recorded my presidential vote , " she said .
She then simulated her meltdown , shaking and breathing heavily while stuttering out the words , " It did n't record my presidential vote . "
Here she is explaining what happened on video , followed by me explaining that it's not her fault ( as she suggests in the video ) , and what both she , and every other voter in America needs to know about what happened to her , and how to keep it from happening to them ...
I do n't know where Oprah votes precisely , but if in Chicago , her vote was probably lost on one of Sequoia Voting System 's touch - screens .
If out in the burbs , it was likely Diebold 's touch - screen .
Either way , it 's a 100 % unverifiable vote .
Even after she succeeded in making her selection .
I 'm happy to advise you on what actually happened , Oprah .
Anytime .
Gimme a call .
But I promise , it was n't your fault , so please stop blaming yourself .
Educate yourself instead --- here 's a fine place to start --- so you can educate your millions of viewers , so we can finally begin restoring transparent , verifiable democracy in America .
( Readers may suggest she cover this topic on Monday before the election , by dropping her a note here .
I 'm happy to help her , of course ! )
UPDATE : 11/1/08
For those , um , misinformed commenters who have posted here to say :
Brad , you 're an idiot .
The electronic voting machines used in cook county have a PAPER REGISTER .
Your entire vote is PRINTED OUT BEFORE YOU to confirm it .
100 % Verifiable , and you 're 100 % full of it !
( Now , if it did n't have the paper register , I 'd agree with you that it was unverifiable .
But that 's entirely NOT the case here ! )
We wo n't call you " an idiot " , but we will help you be explaining how you are 100 % wrong .
It 's not necessarily your fault , or Oprah's , that you have been wholly misled about the the type of voting system on which Oprah seems to have tried to cast her vote .
The fact is , she cast her vote on a machine on which it is strictly 100 % impossible to verify that any vote ever cast on such a Direct Recording Electronic ( DRE , usually touch - screen ) voting machine for any candidate or initiative on the ballot during any election , has ever been recorded accurately , as per any voter 's intent .
Allow me to politely explain ...
DRE voting --- with or without the so - called " voter verifiable paper audit trail " ( VVPAT ) , that are created by some of these machines --- is strictly , 100 % faith - based voting .
Period .
I have asked and asked for any such evidence to the contrary from election officials , voting machine company officials , so - called " elections experts " and , to this day , no such evidence has been offered , because no such evidence exists , as they all well know , or should know .
In Oprah 's case , if she voted in Cook County , IL , as suggested by the misinformed commenter , she would have voted on an unverifiable DRE machine made by Sequoia Voting Systems --- the Seqoia EDGE with Verivote printer , to be exact .
That machine is a 100 % unverifiable DRE which produces a so - called " paper trail " .
That same machine was decertified across the state of California in 2007 after it was determined to be fully insecure , easily hacked , and completely unverifiable .
UC Santa Barbara 's Computer Security Group analyzed that machine , on behalf of the state , and found that it could be hacked --- including its so - called " paper trails " --- such that even if those " paper trails " were 100 % hand - counted ( and they are almost never counted at all , in any case ) the hack would likely never be revealed and the " paper trails " would match up perfectly with the hacked internal numbers .
UCSB released their video tape on how to do exactly that , just last month , as we reported at the time .
Here 's that video again , for you misinformed naysayers out there ...
Please see the article we wrote at the time , including the " ' Paper - Trails Are Meaningless ... " section therein , for much more info , as well as other similar hacks of other similarly 100 % unverifiable voting systems .
The Democratic Party Does n't Get It Either ...
It 's hardly the commenter 's fault that he / she was confused .
Just as it's not necessarily Oprah 's fault .
That they are misinformed on these things is not a surprise .
Even Democratic Senate Majority leader Harry Reid of Nevada ( where they use these same , wholly unverifiable Sequoia systems across the entire state ) does n't get it .
I was on a radio show recently , with Christiane Brown on Reno's KJFK , where Reid was the guest just before me , and he said , incorrectly , when asked about the wholly unverifiable machines in his home state : " I think Nevada is more fortunate than a lot of states because we have a paper back - up , paper trail for our votes , and that 's important . "
Download MP3 here , or listen below ( appx. 3 mins . ) :
No , they are not " more fortunate " in NV .
The voters there are as unfortunate as any state that allows 100 % unverifiable votes to be cast , as Reid 's state across its entirety .
Reid also incorrectly discusses paper ballots , and his offensive interest in " mak[ing ] people feel that their vote is counted " .
We do n't hope they feel that way , Senator .
We want them to know it , and be able to verify --- as much as needed --- that every vote actually has been counted , and counted accurately .
That 's strictly impossible with the voting machines that Reid feels Nevadans are " fortunate " to use .
And btw , those Sequoia EDGE w/ VeriVote printers were first used in this country , in Nevada , in 2004 after they were illegally certified by NV's then Sec. of State Dean Heller and the U.S. Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) .
Heller is now a U.S. Congressman .
I exposed the illegal certification of those systems --- Nevada was the first in the world to use the so - called " voter verifiable paper trail printer " back 2004 --- in an exposé written by myself and Michael Richardson , with VotersUnite.org 's John Gideon in a chapter of Mark Crispin Miller 's recently released Loser Take All : Election Fraud and The Subversion of Democracy , 2000 - 2008 .
I urge you all to buy it , read it & educate yourself ( that goes for you , Sen. Reid and Ms. Winfrey !
It 'd be a great selection to add to the Oprah Book Club ! )
Unfortunately , our exposé was never published by the corporate media , despite my offering it to plenty of them .
And again , I remind you to see our Special Coverage page on " Touch - Screen Vote - Flipping 2008 " , which also offers information on what you ( and Oprah ) need to do when this happens to you !
Here are some of those tips since the DNC and Obama campaign refuse to take any steps to assure your vote may actually be counted accurately on one of these machines ...
What to do if it happens to you :
Call poll supervisors to observe the problem .
Fill out a problem report .
Refuse to vote on that machine .
Request that the machine be taken out of service .
Get a serial number of the machine if possible ( may be difficult in many cases ) .
Tell other voters in line which machine it was and that they should NOT vote on that machine !
Report it to county / town election office .
Report it to the Secretary of State .
Call local reporters and tell them the story .
Call voter problem hotlines ( eg. 866-MYVOTE1 and 866-OUR - VOTE ) and report it .
866-OUR -VOTE ) and report it .
Contact bloggers and Election Integrity websites .
Raise holy hell .
REMINDER : Please bring a video camera / cell phone camera when you go to vote so you can document these problems on video tape , and then upload them to VideoTheVote.org and YouTube !
( Thanks to VelvetRevolution.us and TrueVote.us for help in compiling these recommendations ! )
「 Gaucheでメタプログラミング」と題して、これからGaucheを使ったプログラミングの連載を書かせていただきます吉田裕美です。よろしくお願いいたします。
Gaucheとは
今回の連載で取り上げ るGaucheはハワイ在住の日本人ハッカー、川合史朗さんが作った、Lispの一種であるSchemeのオープンソース処理系です。
Gaucheの特徴は、PerlやRubyのように気軽に使える軽い処理系だということです。Perl同様に正規表現や文字列操作が行え、ちょっとしたツールの作成にも使えます。しかし、非常に強力なCommon Lisp風オブジェクトシステムを持ち、Lispならではのマクロに加え、Webやグラフィックスなどの豊富なライブラリも持っているので実用的なシステムの構築にも使えます。
2008年3月にオライリー・ジャパンから出版された「プログラミングGauche」も好評で版を重ねており、これから本格的にGaucheを学びたいという方は参考書としてお勧めです。
関連リンク： Gauche - A Scheme Interpreter
http://practical-scheme.net/gauche/index-j.html
ちょっと変わっ たLisp入門
ほとんどの皆さまは、どこかでLispのコードを目にしたことがあると思います。しかし、COBOLやC、Javaなどのメインストリームの言語を使われてきた方にとっては、とても不思議に見える言語かもしれません。
if文やwhile文といった文法もないし、計算式や代入文もありません。カッコと単語とカッコとカッコとカッコ……という見た目から、人間の使う言語ではないという印象を持っている方もいるようです。また、Lispの書籍には難しい用語や数学的な説明が多く、頭の良い人のみが使える言語だと思われている方もいるかもしれません。
私 がLispを知ったのは、大学の卒業研究でLispの処理系を作ることになったのが始まりです。研究は先生の書かれた論文を基にした実装で、処理系は主にアセンブラで書きました。いざ処理系が動き出しLispコードを動かす段になり、本に書かれた例題以外のコードがなかなか書けなかったのを、いまでも鮮明に覚えています（笑）。
連載第1回では、ちょっと変わった視点からLispに入門してみましょう。
Lisp はPerlやRubyのご先祖さま
図1は、プログラミング言語の歴史の一部を書いたものです。多少私の思い込みも含まれているかもしれませんが、お許しください。
図 1 プログラミング言語の歴史
図の中で、実線の矢印は直系にある言語、破線の矢印は影響を表しています。また、上下に分かれていますが上の方はコンパイルを行い、コンパイル時点でいろいろなものが決まる静的な言語。下はインタプリタがメインで、いろいろなものが動的に決まる言語です（Haskellは静的型付けを持つ言語ですがイメージ的に下に入れました）。
かなりの方が仕事では上にあるC、C++、Java、C#やCOBOLなどを使われているかもしれません。また、最近はPerl、Python、PHP、Rubyなどを使われている方も多いと思います。さらに、Webにかかわる方はJavaScriptは外せない言語になってきていると思います。
この図から分かるように 、LispはFORTRANに次ぐ古い言語です。そしてSmalltalkやPerl、Python、Rubyなどの言語に大きな影響を与えています。また、変数などのメモリを動的に管理し、不要になったメモリを自動的に回収するガベージコレクション（GC）はいまやメインストリームのJavaやC#にも採用されています。また、ML、OCaml、Haskellのような関数言語の先駆けともなりました。
Lispは人工知能（AI）ブームのメイン言語になり独自の発展を続けました。しかし、その過程でたくさんの方言が生み出されてしまいました。そこで、Lisp言語の標準としてCommon Lispが制定されました。
現在では一般 にLispといえば、こ のCommon Lispを指します。しかし 、Common Lispは制定時のメジャーなLisp方言のスーパーセットとして作られたため、非常に大きな仕様の言語になってしまいました。
Lispの発展の中で、純粋にLispに必要なものは何かを追求し、シンプルで強力な概念を核に持つSchemeという方言が生まれました。Schemeはコンピュターサイエンスを教えるのにも最適であったため、大学のコンピュターサイエンス学科で盛んに使われました。
Schemeはそのシンプルさ強力さからハッカーに気に入られ、現実のプログラミングの世界でも独自拡張を行った処理系がいくつも作られ、使われています。Gaucheもそんな処理系の1つです。
1|2|3|4|5 次のページへ
Scharffen Berger , Schmidt plants to be closed 150 workers to face dismissals at Scharffen Berger , Schmidt
Five gram squares of dark chocolate at the Scharffen Berger chocolate factory in Berkeley , Calif. on Tuesday , July 3 , 2007 .
A study by German researchers claims that a daily dose of dark chocolate helps lower blood pressure .
PAUL CHINN / The Chronicle less Five gram squares of dark chocolate at the Scharffen Berger chocolate factory in Berkeley , Calif. on Tuesday , July 3 , 2007 .
A study by German researchers claims that a daily dose of dark chocolate helps lower ... more Photo : PAUL CHINN Photo : PAUL CHINN Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Scharffen Berger , Schmidt plants to be closed 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
The Hershey Co. said Tuesday it plans to close Scharffen Berger 's West Berkeley manufacturing plant as well as the San Francisco factory that makes Joseph Schmidt chocolates and consolidate production at other facilities .
Hershey , which in 2005 bought both Scharffen Berger , which specializes in premium dark chocolates , and trufflemaker Joseph Schmidt , will continue to produce those brands , but the chocolates will no longer be locally made .
Hershey already makes the majority of its Scharffen Berger products in its newly upgraded plant in Robinson , Ill. , said spokesman Kirk Saville from the chocolate giant 's headquarters in Hershey , Pa .
He said the plant closures will affect a total of about 150 employees from both facilities .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Saville said Hershey intends to maintain the quality of the brands , which make up the company 's wholly owned subsidiary , Artisan Confections Co .
" We will continue to source the world 's best cacao to create our rich and distinct chocolate , " he said .
" We will maintain the highest quality standard for all our artisan productions . "
That provided little solace to Bay Area fans of the chocolate - makers .
Both brands have created a strong legacy and helped increased the popularity of high - end , gourmet chocolates around the country .
Scharffen Berger was founded in 1996 by Robert Steinberg , a family - practice physician in San Francisco and Ukiah , along with a former patient , winemaker John Scharffenberger .
The pair experimented in Steinberg 's kitchen , using everything from a mortar and pestle to a hair dryer to create their chocolate .
Production started in a South San Francisco plant but was moved to the larger , 27,000 - square - foot Berkeley factory in 2001 .
" It was home grown .
They really changed the way people regarded chocolate in this country , " said Deborah Kwan , a public relations consultant for the company from the time it opened until 2003 .
Steinberg died in September after a long battle with lymphoma .
" I 'm glad Robert is not alive to see this , " Kwan said .
" If the lymphoma had n't taken him , this would have . "
Hershey released fourth - quarter earnings Tuesday that were above analyst expectations and projected growth of up to 3 percent for 2009 .
The company said it earned $ 82.2 million , or 36 cents a share , in the quarter ending in December , compared with $ 54.3 million , or 24 cents a share , it earned for the same period last year .
At the same time it announced the solid results , the company said it will consolidate the plants that make the high - end artisan brands .
Hershey 's Saville gave little information on the timing of the plant closures , other than to say they will occur this year .
He said he expects Cafe Cacao , the restaurant at the Scharffen Berger factory , and the on - site retail store to continue to operate until further notice .
" We are committed to communicating details to our employees first , " he said , adding that Hershey is offering laid - off employees " very competitive " severance packages .
He declined to provide details .
MASSIVE DEMONSTRATION AGAINST THE WAR + ongoing protest
photo gallery
Join us in mass protest Sat. , Jan. 17 , in Tel Aviv- Jaffa , meeting at Charles Clore park 18:30 ; we`ll march and stand in memory of all killed in this war .
Mourning and Protest , in Jaffa 17.1 , CHANGED LOCATION to the Rabita Center , 73 Yefet St. - with Shulamit Aloni , Ramzi Suleiman , refusenik pilot Yonatan Shapira , Khaled Abu Awad , Nir Oron-Bereaved Families e.a. 03.01.09 -
At the same time as Ehud Barak was ordering the army to start the bloody ground offensive against Gaza , some ten thousand protesters from all over Israel marched in Tel - Aviv in a massive demonstration against the war .
All four lanes of Ibn Gvirol St. , one of the city 's main throughfares , were packed full of demonstrators who marched the two kilometres from the Rabin Square to the Cinemateque , chanting and waving banners all the way .
“ One does not build an election campaign over the dead bodies of children ! ” shouted the protesters in Hebrew rhymes .
“ Orphans and widows are not election propaganda ! ” , “ Olmert , Livni and Barak – war is no game ! ” ’
“ All cabinet ministers are war criminals ! ! ”
Barak , Barak , do n’t worry – we shall meet you in The Hague ! ” , “ Enough , enough – speak with Hamas ! ”
The written posters were similar .
Some of them paraphrased Barak ’s election slogans : “ Barak is not friendly , he is a murderer ! ” ( The original Barak slogan says : “ Barak is not friendly , he is a leader ! ” )
Also : “ No to the Election War , 2009 ! ” and “ The six - Knesset - seat war ! ” – an allusion to the polls which showed that in the first days of the war Barak ’s Labor Party has gained six prospective seats .
The demonstration took place after a fight with the police , which tried to prevent or at least limit it , arguing that they would not be able to stop right - wing rioters from attacking it .
Among other things , the police demanded that the organizers undertake to prevent the hoisting of Palestinian flags .
The organizers petitioned the High Court of Justice , which decided that the Palestinian flag is legal and ordered the police to protect the demonstration from rioters ,
The demonstration was decided upon by Gush Shalom and 20 other peace organizations , including the Women ’s Coalition for Peace , Anarchists Against the Wall , Hadash , the Alternative Information Center and New Profile .
Meretz and Peace Now did not participate officially , but many of their members showed up .
Some thousand Arab citizens from the north arrived in 20 buses straight from the big demonstration of the Arab public which had taken place in Sakhnin .
The organizers themselves were surprised by the large number of protesters .
“ A week after the start of Lebanon War II , we succeeded in mobilizing only 1000 demonstrators against it .
The fact that today there came 10,000 proves that the opposition to the war is much stronger this time .
If Barak goes on with his plans , public opinion may completely turn against the war in a few days . ”
The giant Gush Shalom banner said in Hebrew , Arabic and English : “ Stop Killing !
Stop the Siege !
Stop the occupation ! ”
The slogan of the demonstration called for the end of the blockade and an immediate cease - fire .
On the day of the protest , the extreme Right mobilized their forces in order to break up the demonstration by force .
The police made a great effort to prevent riots , and the one - mile march from Rabin Square to Cinematheque Square proceeded relatively quietly .
However , when the protesters started to disperse , in accordance with the agreement with the police , a large crowd of rightists started to attack them .
The police , which till then had been keeping the two camps apart , disappeared from the scene .
The rioters then encircled the last of the protesters , harassing them , pushing them about and at a certain point started to besiege the Cinematheque building , where some of the last protesters had found refuge .
They tried to break into the building , threatening to “ finish off ” the protesters , but at the last moment some police arrived and protected the entrance .
The rioters stayed around for a long time .
Circumstances made it impossible to hold the planned public rally at the end of the march .
No speeches were made .
Here is a translation of the speech Uri Avnery was about to make on behalf of Gush Shalom :
They tell us We are traitors .
They tell us We are destroyers of Israel .
They tell us We are criminals .
But we tell them :
The criminals are those Who started this Criminal and unnecessary war !
An unnecessary war Because it was possible To stop the Qassams By the government stopping the blockade
On the million and a half Inhabitants of Gaza .
A criminal war Because , on top of everything else
It is openly and shamelessly Part of Ehud Barak ’s and Tzipi Livni ’s Election campaign I accuse Ehud Barak
Of exploiting the IDF soldiers
In order to get more Knesset seats .
I accuse Tzipi Livni
Of advocating mutual slaughter In order to become Prime Minister .
I accuse Ehud Olmert
Of trying to cover up Rot and corruption With a disastrous war .
I call upon them From this tribune , On behalf of this Courageous and decent audience : Stop the war at once !
Stop shedding the blood of Our soldiers and civilians for nothing !
Stop shedding the blood
Of the inhabitants of Gaza !
The ground invasion Will cause An additional disaster , A mutual massacre And even more Terrible war crimes !
At the end of this war No general Will be able to set foot On European soil Without fear of being arrested For war crimes .
We are told That there is no alternative .
Not true !!!
A cease - fire is possible even now , Yes , this very minute , If we agree to lift
The murderous siege , If we allow the Gaza people To live in dignity , If we talk with Hamas .
I wish to address
The people of the South , The people of Sderot , Ashdod and Beersheba :
We know your anguish – Even though we do n’t live with you , We know well .
But we also know That this war Will not change your situation .
The politicians exploit you ,
The politicians conduct a war On your back .
You too know that !
I call upon Olmert , Barak and Livni :
Do not send the soldiers into the Strip !
All three of you will be accused of war crimes !
All three of you will pay the price !
The masses in Israel Saluting you now Will punish you tomorrow .
That happened in the Second Lebanon War That will happen Again this time !
And YOU who are standing here , Women and men , Young and old , Jews and Arabs , YOU who have protested Against this horrible war From the first day , From the first minute , Isolated and cursed – YOU are the real heroes !
You can be proud , Very proud , Because you stand in the middle
Of a hurricane of hysteria and ignorance , And are not swept away by it !
You are retaining your sanity , Not only at home
But here , in the street !
Millions around the world see you , Salute you , Salute each one of you .
As a human being , As an Israeli , As a seeker of peace , I am proud To be here today .
System Message : INFO/1 ( < string > , line 332 ) Possible title underline , too short for the title .
Treating it as ordinary text because it 's so short .
Possible title underline , too short for the title .
Treating it as ordinary text because it 's so short .
[ Social TV reportage ] --- 9.1.09 Arab - Jewish Protest in Jaffa
Two hours after the shelling of the school in Jebaliyah , in which 40 refuge - seekers , including entire families , were murdered , an Arab - Jewish protest against the war took place in Jaffa ( Tuesday , 6.1 ) .
It was one of the many demonstrations against the war which take place practically every day now throughout Israel .
The hundreds of Arab Israeli citizens gathered in Yephet Street , following a call by Zedaaka organization and the Jaffa list .
They where joined by Jewish protesters - activists of Gush Shalom , Anarchists Against the Wall , the Women ’s Coalition for Peace , and others .
The Arab protesters turned their anger especially against the leaders of the Arab countries , who were accused of collaborating with the Israeli onslaught on Gaza .
One recurring slogan was “ Mubarak is an agent of the United States and Israel ” .
Several of the Arab and Jewish demonstrators held aloft the Gush Shalom emblem showing the flags of Israel and Palestine next to each other .
Others hoisted a poster saying in Hebrew : “ Jews and Arabs refuse to be enemies ! ”
The most popular slogans were : “ Barak , Barak , Minister of Defense – how many children have you murdered until today ? ” and “ All the government ministers are war criminals ” .
The posters said in Arabic and Hebrew : “ Stop the War Crimes ” , “ Widows and orphans are not election " .
Click here to watch photos from the demonstration More action updates
Windows 7 is available for download for testing purposes only .
It can be made to work under VirtualBox OSE though getting network , sound , and Guest Additions requires some additional steps .
Download the iso and print or simply copy / paste the product key to some place safe .
Verify the download :
$ openssl md5 7000.0.081212-1400_client_en-us_Ultimate-GB1CULFRE_EN_DVD.iso f9dce6ebd0a63930b44d8ae802b63825
Install VirtualBox :
sudo apt - get install virtualbox - ose
Install Windows7 :
Navigate to Applications => Accessories => VirtualBox OSE New ; Next ; [ Windows7 ] , Other / Unknown ; [ 1024 MB ] ; New ; Next ; Next ; [ 200.67 GB ] ; Next ; Finish ; Next ; Finish Click on CD / DVD - ROM ; Mount CD / DVD
Drive , ISO Image File Click on Folder icon on right center ; Add ; Computer ; navigate to the iso file ; double click on it ; Select Click on Audio ; Enable ; Host Audio Driver : ALSA Audio Driver ; OK Click on Start ; [ show this message again ? ] ; OK [ set your language preferences ]
Next ; Install Now ; I accept ; Next Custom ( advanced ) ;
Next [ installation will proceed ; this will take several minutes ] [ user - name ] , [ machine - name ] ; Next [ password ] , [ password ] , [ hint ] , Next [ productkey you obtained from the download ] ; Next Use recommended settings
Time zone , Next When you see the betta fish , press right control to release the cursor
Get network and sound working using John Paulett ’s instructions :
On Ubuntu : cd ~/install_files wget http://www.amd.com/us-en/assets/content_type/utilities/V4.51.zip unzip V4.51.zip -d driver mkisofs -o driver.iso - R - J driver Back on the Windows7 [ Running ] VirtualBox OSE window : Devices => Mount CD / DVD ROM => CD / DVD ROM image Add ; navigate to and select driver.iso ; Select Windows Start button => Control Panel => All Control Panel Items= > Device Manager Right click on Ethernet Controller => Update Driver Software =>
Browse my computer for driver software ; Browse ; Computer , D : , WinXP_SignedDriver ; OK ; Next ; Close [ Wait a minute , and Windows7 will automatically start downloading and installing updates ; Device Manager window will flash numerous times ; eventually the flashing will stop with only the “ Base System Device ” indicating an issue ; ignore ]
Windows Start button => Shutdown => Restart
Audio will now work , but for some inexplicable reason , the screen resolution changes to 800x600 .
Right click on the background ; Screen Resolution ; chose from one of the available resolutions ( presumably there will be more and better choices once guest additions are updated for Windows 7 ) ; OK , Keep Changes
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin hinted on Thursday that he may return to his old job in the Kremlin , but not before his ally President Dmitry Medvedev ’s term expires in 2012 .
Russia 's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin answers questions during his annual question - and - answer session with the Russian people in Moscow , December 4 , 2008 .
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin vowed on Thursday that Russia would come through the global economic crisis with " minimal losses " and pledged not to allow a sharp devaluation of the rouble .
REUTERS / RIA Novosti/ Pool / Alexei Druzhinin
Asked by a reporter whether he would rule out returning to the presidency next year , Putin said : “ The next elections in the Russian Federation are in 2012 ... we will have to get through to that time , then we will see . ”
Medvedev prompted speculation about an early Putin return to the Kremlin last month when he unexpectedly proposed lengthening the presidential term to six years .
The move , widely seen as intended to benefit Putin , was rushed through parliament .
But Putin told reporters he was satisfied with the “ tandem ” style of government .
This has seen the two men collaborating closely , albeit with Putin perceived to hold the upper hand .
“ We have formed a very effective tandem with President Medvedev , ” Putin said .
“ We have worked together for many years . ”
Analysts said Putin ’s comments ruled out any early election .
“ It ’s now completely impossible for him to move over to the presidential post because that would be seen as cowardice in the face of the crisis , ” said Olga Kyrshtanovskaya , an expert on the Russian elite .
“ That would mean the collapse of his career . ”
The exchange came after Putin ’s annual question - and - answer session with Russians , a three - hour eight - minute discussion broadcast live by state television and radio .
This was a more downbeat occasion than in previous years , with questions about the economic crisis predominating , and the prime minister looking at times tired and strained .
In exchanges with reporters afterwards , Putin was even asked whether he planned to resign -- a question that would have been unthinkable a year earlier .
“ There is no such need yet , ” he answered .
“ Running away from problems has never been my style . ”
Putin avoided the harsh rhetoric he has used in previous years against the West and appeared to offer an olive branch to the incoming administration of President - elect Barack Obama .
He described as “ positive signals ” from Obama ’s team signs that it was prepared to listen to Russian concerns over NATO expansion and the deployment of an anti-missile system in eastern Europe -- something Russia says threatens its security .
“ We hear that one should build relations with Russia , taking into account its interests , ” Putin said .
“ If these are not just words , if they get transformed into a practical policy , then of course our reaction will be appropriate and our American partners will feel this at once . ”
RUSSIA TO SURVIVE CRISIS
There was no such comfort for neighboring Ukraine , which has angered Moscow by pursuing a pro-Western foreign policy and failing to pay its large gas bills on time .
Putin ruled out concessions to Kiev on gas prices and threatened to cut off supplies if any Russian gas was siphoned off during transit through Ukraine .
Putin is fighting to maintain his status as Russia ’s most popular politician as the global financial crisis hits his country harder than the government had anticipated .
The first of the 72 questions set the tone .
A caller who had lost his job asked how to survive and Putin responded saying the economy would recover and unemployment benefit was rising .
Others asked about problems with getting mortgages , with healthcare , housing and surviving on state pensions .
“ We have good chances to go through this difficult period with minimal losses both for the economy and ordinary people , ” Putin said .
“ We intend to deliver on all our plans to increase social allowances . ”
Russians , fearful of a repeat of the economic crisis of 1998 , have been withdrawing roubles from banks and buying dollars , putting pressure on the national currency .
Putin repeated government promises that there would be no sudden , sharp devaluation of the rouble but did say the currency would fluctuate along with commodity prices , a form of words which could suggest a gradual , slow depreciation .
He also said the state could take stakes in major Russian companies to help them combat the crisis .
Such measures , he added , could be “ rather large - scale . ”
For the most part , the session was bereft of Putin ’s trademark humor and sometimes coarse quips .
But when questioned about French media reports that he had called for Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili to be “ hung by his balls ” for his role in Russia ’s war with Georgia , Putin recovered some of his old poise : “ But why only by one part ? ” he answered , before launching into a denunciation of his old foe .
Putin instituted the annual session , called “ A Conversation with Vladimir Putin , ” when he was president and has decided to continue it in his new role .
Medvedev has given no indication that he plans any such similar session and Putin barely mentioned the president .
Viewers and listeners submitted questions in advance .
There were live television links to questioners in the regions , including military staff at a submarine - building facility in the Arctic .
Officials said that the call center had received 1.5 million phone calls and more than 600,000 text messages .
All flights in and out of Greece have been cancelled as a result of the widespread unrest in the country as Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis tries to reassert his authority .
Mr Karamanlis held crisis talks overnight with his cabinet and emerged after three hours promising to punish those who incite violence .
The meeting came amid fresh unrest in Athens as thousands of people demonstrated outside parliament in a protest timed to coincide with the funeral of 15 - year - old Alexandros Grigoropoulos , who was shot by police over the weekend .
Demonstrators hurled petrol bombs and other missiles in a bid to breach a cordon around parliament and other official buildings in Athens and Salonika .
Meanwhile hundreds of people , including many students , attended the funeral in the Athens seaside suburb of Palio Faliro .
Some youths shouted anti-police slogans at the cemetery but most people respected the family 's request for a solemn service .
Mr Karamanlis said the rioters who had staged protests for the past four days were " enemies of democracy " and vowed to end the unrest .
He made a fresh appeal for national unity after the chaos that has engulfed the country following the fatal police shooting on Saturday .
" All those who cause violence and vandalism are enemies of democracy , " he said .
" National unity is a common debt .
" The struggles of workers and the death of this boy cannot be confused with acts of vandalism . "
But the main opposition party says the Government has lost control of the country and should resign .
After three days of disorder across the country , Greece 's socialist opposition leader George Papandreou accused the Government of failing to protect the country as it entered the fourth day of the worst civil unrest in more than three decades .
He called on Mr Karamanlis to resign and hold an immediate election to allow democracy to take its course .
Police reported their headquarters in the Greek port of Patras was the latest to be under siege by around 500 demonstrators who were attacking with stones and petrol bombs , with riot police firing tear gas and trying to hold them back .
Another student demonstration was scheduled for Wednesday ( local time ) ahead of a general 24 - hour strike over the Government 's economic reforms .
-ABC /AFP
[ / caption ]
This is extremely very cool !
Make sure you have your 3 - D glasses on and take a 3 - D ride in and around Tycho Crater on the Moon , courtesy of Japan ’s Kaguya ( Selene ) mission .
Tycho Crater is the big crater located on the Moon ’s southern hemisphere , easily visible , especially when the Moon is full .
The crater is notable for its emanating bright rays .
The movie starts with an overview image of Tycho Crater , then approaches the central peak , flies along the steep slope of the inner wall , flies over the backside of the crater , and approaches the central peak again .
Go get your 3 - D glasses , and view the movie here .
And hang on !
More about the movie and Tycho Crater :
The creation of the two minute 3 - D analglyph fly - through movie was made using data from Kaguya ’s Stereo Terrain Camera .
The crater is named after Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe .
The impact that created Tycho Crater ejected highland anorthositic crust all over the near side of the Moon .
This impact by a small asteroidal body took place about 100 million years ago , when the dinosaurs inhabited the Earth .
It was , however , still a relatively recent event in lunar history , and the effects of the impact event can clearly be seen in this movie .
Enjoy !
Source : Kaguya website
Deep Green
Joachim Bondo ’s Deep Green chess game for the iPhone is out .
What ’s cool about Deep Green is n’t just that it ’s the best chess game yet for the iPhone , but that Bondo ’s original Deep Green was the best chess game for the Newton .
To be clear , this is not a port but a complete rewrite , with the same attention to detail , graphics , simplicity , and fun that marked the Newton version .
For example , Deep Green for iPhone lets you move pieces either by drag - and - drop or by tapping a piece , then tapping the square you wish to move it to .
( The tapped piece jiggles while waiting for you to tap the destination square . )
Deep Green is the one indie Newton app that I was most hoping would make the jump to the iPhone .
When I met Joachim at WWDC this year and he told me he was working on it , I was delighted .
I ’ve been beta testing Deep Green for the last few weeks , and I ’m not sure what to say about it other than that it looks and feels exactly how an iPhone chess game should .
( I ca n’t speak to its strength as a serious chess engine ; it kicks my ass even when taking no more than one second to move .
I do n’t recall ever beating Deep Green on the Newton either , but it seems stronger now , if only because my brain has n’t kept pace with the increase in CPU speeds over the past decade . )
Deep Green exemplifies my fundamental rule for iPhone UI designers :
Figure out the absolute least you need to do to implement the idea , do just that , and then polish the hell out of the experience .
Configuration is kept to a minimum but everything essential is there .
It even launches fast .
Via email , Bondo told me :
When I compare the various iPhone chess apps ( I bought them all ) , Deep Green offers pretty much the same functionality as the rest , and sometimes more , but with a fraction of the UI .
Achieving this is why I ’m 4 months later than the rest .
It takes more time and more effort to make software with a simpler UI , but it ’s worth it .
On his web site , Bondo writes :
I first released Deep Green 10 years ago , in April 1998 , for Apple ’s Newton .
In a matter of days hereafter , Steve Jobs terminated the Newton altogether .
Somehow I do n’t think he ’ll have that problem with the iPhone .
Deep Green is available in the App Store for an introductory price of $ 4.99 through the end of December ; after that , it goes to $ 7.99 .
WHAT GIFT DO YOU WANT TO SEND TO YOUR CONGRESSIONAL REPRESENTATIVE ?
By Joe Kress
December 14 , 2008
NewsWithViews.com
Are you kidding ?
Whoever heard of such a thing ?
The one in the Senate representing my views got my vote .
That was his gift from me .
The other one is just a stranger in the land of the free and the home of the brave .
The senator that I voted for shows unique spunk since he believes in the Constitution , a rarity today .
The other Republican incumbent senator is in a partnership with the Slick Willie crowd of Neo-cons who ca n’t understand that an alien invasion across our boarders is bad for America .
He needs to be scheduled for a lobotomy and given shock treatments under the supervision of Nurse Cratchet , a Marta Hari character in “ One Flew over the Cuckoo ’s Nest . ”
I had no problem when it came to support an honorable man for a seat in the senate for my state who happens to be a Democrat since the Republican Party would n’t allow a newcomer to run against one of their favorite sycophants .
All the principles that I hold dear to my heart were reflected in the positions of this Democrat . .
My choice certainly did n’t represent the leftist views of their Messiah Obama .
The Democrat Party must have been asleep when it came time for the primary election .
It had nobody running against a Republican candidate
The reason a conservative Democrat was able to slip through was that the Democrat Party did n’t have a candidate with enough of the ” you - know - whats ” to run a liberal against a liberal Republican Neo-con during the primary election .
Why nominate a liberal Democrat when the Republican Party ’s favorite candidate ’s platform supported illegal immigration and acted more like a Democrat than a Republican ?
They deduced that a conservative , a renegade pitted against the Republican weasel in the general election served no threat to the Democratic platform .
Besides there was no other choice with no true Democrat candidate willing to run .
The Party needed to run a candidate even though it be a conservative .
Anyway , to all concerned it was obvious that the Republican Party ’s S.C. senate candidate would win no matter what .
Money is the mother ’s milk in politics and Graham was loaded while his opponent in comparison was simply a pauper .
The gifts that I refer to are not just votes and not just simple campaign contributions .
These gifts are reciprocal where manipulators work around the system by sending lobbyists to Washington to buy off representatives of the people or candidates who solicit money from foreign interests , sometimes even America ’s enemies and funnel campaign funds through an organized distribution system that appears to be legitimate .
Where did Obama get $ 700 million dollars - certainly not from the nickel and dime crowd ?
He now has enough left over to spread half of the unspent funds for his reelection for all those who helped to indenture taxpayers with trillions of dollars of debt making slaves of us all .
The same question may be asked regarding the huge war chest of the incumbent Republican Senator Lindsey Graham ?
Certainly the money did n’t come from the large number of S.C. Republicans who were angered and had nothing but distain for this sidewinder liberal ’s relationship with the far left wing Democrats , the same as his close friend , John McCain .
All those who support the idea that it ’s okay to cheat the system that our founding fathers created are enemies of the Republic .
And who are the culprits but none other than our elected representatives .
Too many of them are real enemies of our democratic republic and no one seems to recognize that they become chameleons once elected by pass principal for greed , use power to subvert .
Most significant is that the two political parties support poor candidates and purposely offer them to the public to choose between bad and more worse than bad .
There are factions who wish to destroy the United States as a sovereign nation in favor of world government or to reintroduce a style of communism more sophisticated than the Soviet type .
The public has spoken and got what it deserves for allowing this to happen .
They are blinded by the fact that both political parties are joined at the hip .
Advertisement
In order to accomplish goals , it begins with our public education system whereby the textbook publishing houses feed the propaganda that undermines the morals , principles of ethics and loyalty to country .
Couple the entertainment and major media influence and what arises is the gimme society born out of the Roosevelt era .
The Marx indoctrinated public school educrats took a long time to bring us to the level whereby truth in history is based on what traitors believe it to be .
If the majority of politicians are loyal to the Godless UN ’s charter , not to the nation ’s Constitution , or the members of Supreme Court become so enamored with what is politically correct where constitutional law is turned upside down and inside out , then there is no United States to base our trust or to owe loyalty .
Rather , most of the citizens have already become a gaggle of surfs , the majority being undereducated with no common language , racist and lacking in pride , always waiting for “ free government handouts ” that are never free , whether it be for corporate interests or for the hoi polloi .
Two thousand eight is the year that the United States capitulated to the powers of evil .
Most of the sheeple slept through the gestation period so when the news emerged that the investment bankers destroyed the nation ’s money and mortgage system , the realization finally dawned that members of congress and in the White House more ignorant , unqualified to hold office and lacking in principle as any on the planet .
All the laws that could prevent what is now happening have been ignored , unenforced and circumvented by crooked legislators to serve their own interests .
Dynasties have developed beginning with George H.W. Bush ’s free trade era and the NAFTA plan ; the Clintons with eight years of shame and neglect , allowed our country to be attacked three times by terrorists without any retaliation , followed on by adopting the Bush treasonous sellout for world government with free but unfair trade , NAFTA and the institution of the information age that forfeited industrial capacity in exchange for software design and cell phones , followed by alternating political dynasties that are convinced that the UN eventually is the answer for world governance .
Subsequent to the Clinton debacle , was what can only be described as the syncopated dance of musical chairs with the return of the Bush # 1 legacy ( in spades ) with son G.W. Bush dedicated to carry out the Bush # 1 / Clinton undermining of America .
Clinton ’s passive neglect of the enemy led to 9 - 11 and a wild eyed Bush # 2 ’s revenge by attacking Iraq , a Middle East Country that was not a threat and at the same time the nation mired in a second war in Afghanistan , a county that has never been conquered of which the British will attest .
His clandestine agreement without the Senate ’s approval for a New American Union , a borderless triad between Canada , Mexico and the U.S. and a new , yet to be disclosed , devalued currency labeled the Amero to replace the dollar is nothing less than treasonous for which he should be imprisoned or executed .
Now , in December 2008 , we ’re back to the Clintons again , although the return is sub sigillo , and the old cabal is once again in the cat bird seat with a sprinkling of some of Jimmie Carter ’s people , and a unique entourage from Hades composed of abortion promoters like Hillary as Secretary of State and the governor of Arizona , a radical feminist suspected of being a lesbian in charge of Homeland Security with a record as Arizona ’s governor for supporting unlimited abortion and open borders .
The new Obama administration ’s Communications Director recently headed one of the largest organizations for abortion , Emilie ’s List .
The appointment of the Governor of New Mexico , a former member of the Clinton cabinet , as Secretary of Commerce supports open borders .
Of course , the President elect is a man emerging from out of the most corrupt political state in the Union having a record as the most liberal member of the U.S. Senate .
As a superb wordsmith and extremely able in convincing the unsophisticated voters and 95 percent of the black race voting population , he is able to demolish the Second Amendment and the right of the public to own weapons ; unlimited and unrestricted abortion up to the ninth month , even during the birthing process ; stem cell fetus experimentation ; legislation for sharing equal time in broadcasts for rebuttals that eliminates conservative talk show hosts like Rush Limbaugh and other critics of his administration on radio and television .
He desires to abolish national sovereignty by continuing the Bush and Wolfowitz ’ lax border policy .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
He pontificates with dreams of sky high promises to spend trillions of dollars to support a bottom up welfare system , socialized medicine paid for with a never empty cornucopia of trillions of indebted dollars both for his revealed and untold projects .
He either demonstrates an abysmal , economically ignorant naiveté or a callous disregard of economic principles on how to achieve his goals , since he believes money is whatever he says it is as long as the Federal Reservoir prints it .
May God save us , our government can’t !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On Friday morning , I was on the CBS ’ The Early Show to talk about the Rick Warren controversy .
Opposite me ( via satellite hookup ) was Robert Jeffress , a Baptist pastor from Dallas , who was billed as a friend of Warren .
Asked by Harry Smith to explain why gay and lesbian outfits and progressives were upset by Barack Obama ’s decision to hand Warren the invocation slot at the presidential inauguration , I noted that it was good that Obama has an inclusive approach toward political and policy debates , that he should make common cause with Warren on issues like poverty and climate change , and that it was wrong for him to grant Warren this high - profile platform because Warren ’s anti-gay remarks –he recently compared homosexuality to incest and pedophilia–are insulting to a large number of Americans , particularly many who worked long and hard to bring Obama to the White House .
It ’s one thing to sit at the table with Warren and discuss how best to alleviate poverty ; it ’s another to enhance his status .
When Jeffress had his chance , he went on about how it was unfair to slam Warren as a hate - monger because of his fervent opposition to gay marriage .
Gay marriage ?
Who said anything about gay marriage ?
Not me .
I had pointed out that Warren ’s big sin had been to equate gays and lesbians with loathsome pedophiles .
Is that hate - mongering ?
Some people might see it that way .
But I was not going to judge Warren on that front .
His words speak for themselves–and for him .
Jeffress , I ’m guessing , realizes that his side is on more solid ground when the issue is gay marriage , not gay rights .
Much of the public does seem to be opposed to gay marriage , but each year Americans are becoming more tolerant and accepting of homosexuality .
Not Warren , though .
He and other fundamentalists who despise homosexuality ( hate the sin , right ? ) are on the losing end of a generational shift in the United States .
Consequently , they are clinging to the gay marriage issue as a lifeline .
And that ’s why Jeffress quickly tried to redefine the issue .
They want to keep attention focused on the altar , not acceptance .
By the way , Jeffress last year made some news of his own , when he proclaimed that GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney was “ not a Christian ” because “ Mormonism is not Christianity .
Mormonism is a cult . ”
He has also called Islam and Hindu false religions .
So here ’s a question : would Obama consider inviting Jeffress to give an invocation at an official event ?
I do n’t believe he would , for that could rightly be considered an insult to Mormons , Muslims , and Hindus .
Which brings us back to the original matter : since Warren goes beyond arguing against gay marriage to denigrate gays and lesbians as the moral equivalents of those who engage in incest and pedophilia , it is a slap in the face of gays and lesbians for Obama to award Warren this prime plum .
He should have selected someone who , when it comes to morality , is more inclusive .
This was first posted at www.davidcorn.com.
Photo by flickr user All About You God used under a Creative Commons license .
Sifting through the mountain of campaign literature stuffed into my mailbox this fall , only one piece stood out .
It was a flyer urging me to vote for Obama , but instead of describing his qualifications and vision , it offered answers to " legitimate questions " I may have about Obama ’s religion .
Questions such as " Is he a Muslim ? " and " Why is his middle name Hussein ? " topped the list .
Rest assured , the flyer seemed to suggest , as it informed me that Barack Obama is in fact a Christian , that he regularly attends church , and that he was named after his father .
I shook my head in disbelief .
It was yet another example of Islamophobia in action during this presidential election season .
It was also a reminder to me and to American Muslims everywhere , that we still have a long way to go before we are accepted as regular Americans and our glass ceiling is shattered .
As a nation , even as we are finally starting to heal our racial wounds , we are opening new ones over faith .
Other religions have aroused curiosity and even concern during presidential races throughout history .
John F. Kennedy faced pointed questions about his Catholic faith when he ran for president .
Mitt Romney ’s Mormon faith also was scrutinized during his candidacy .
Only Islam , however , became the subject of such hateful and pervasive innuendo during this year ’s campaign that merely suggesting Obama has associations with Islam and Muslims became an effective and widely accepted smear tactic .
Always lurking just beneath the surface of those attacks was a deep - seeded mistrust of Muslims and a belief that Muslims are not Americans .
I guess Muslim is the new Red .
Early on in the election cycle , email rumors circulated by Obama ’s opponents warned voters that the Democratic frontrunner was secretly a Muslim .
That Obama rhymes with Osama also was mentioned repeatedly , as if his name made him unfit for the White House .
Unofficial campaign slogans such as " McCain , not Hussein , " added to the fearful and hateful rhetoric prevalent throughout the 2008 campaign .
Perhaps the most powerful sign that we are living in a time when the fear of Muslims is rampant came from the Obama camp .
A Michigan woman and Obama supporter , who happened to be Muslim , showed up at one of his appearances .
She was wearing a head scarf and was standing on stage , behind the podium , where Obama was supposed to speak .
A campaign staffer spotted her and moved her to a less conspicuous place .
Obama later apologized for his staff member ’s gaffe , but the proof that his campaign was worried about being associated with Muslims was undeniable .
Another revelatory moment came at a McCain rally in Lakeville , when a bewildered woman made that infamous statement that she does n’t trust Obama " because he ’s an Arab . "
Never mind the fact that most Arab - Americans actually are Christians , it was clear from the tone in her voice that distrust and fear of the other were at the heart of her concerns .
No one had the audacity to condemn the anti-Muslim sentiment sweeping across the land and throughout the campaigns until Colin Powell spoke out on Meet the Press .
" Is there something wrong with being a Muslim in this country ? " he asked .
" The answer is ‘ no . ’
Yet I have heard senior members of my own party drop the suggestion , ‘ He ’s a Muslim , and he might be associated with terrorists . ’
This is not the way we should be doing it in America . "
The lack of outcry is the most troubling part of all .
Obama ’s defenders were quick to point out that he was not a Muslim , but they stopped short of adding that even if he was one , who cares .
Obama ’s election as the first African - American president is a sign that our collective sense of what it means to be an American is broadening .
Let ’s hope that the rhetoric of future campaigns will acknowledge the many Muslims who contribute to our great country and who are proud to call it home .
Allie Shah is a reporter for the Star Tribune .
* Updated 10/31 4 p.m .
The prosecution rested its case Friday morning and the first defense witness testified .
The trial resumes Monday .
DALLAS – Palestinian charities receiving millions of dollars from the Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development ( HLF ) were controlled by Hamas throughout the time they received the Texas - based charity 's money , a lawyer for the Israeli Security Agency testified Wednesday and Thursday .
That opinion is based on the presence of Hamas leaders and activists serving in " key leadership roles " on the committees and the committees ' work advancing the terrorist group 's goals , said the lawyer , testifying anonymously under the pseudonym " Avi . "
He has been accepted as an expert witness on Hamas financing and social programs based upon his years of research in Israeli criminal probes .
And his opinion is based further on the presence of internal Hamas documents and propaganda items hyping the group in charity offices - even schools .
Five former HLF officials are accused of conspiring to provide material support to Hamas , largely through donations to Palestinian charities , known as zakat committees , which prosecutors say are controlled by Hamas .
Avi , expected to be the final prosecution witness , is tasked with proving that connection .
The Islamic Center of Gaza , founded and run by Hamas spiritual leader Ahmed Yassin , received $ 733,000 from HLF between 1989 and 1994 .
The Jenin Zakat Committee received $ 554,000 between 1991 and 2001 .
Another $ 475,000 went to the Nablus Zakat Committee between 1991 and 2001 .
Ramallah's zakat committee received $ 295,000 in that time .
Tulkarem 's committee received $ 366,000 .
The Bethlehem Orphan Society and a predecessor committee received $ 429,000 .
In each committee 's case , Avi described the Hamas connections of committee members .
In most cases , those connections were acknowledged in Hamas publications or by other leaders of the terrorist group .
In raids of the zakat committees by Israeli military , soldiers found key chains honoring Hamas founder Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , a poster announcing the death of notorious bomb - maker Yehya Ayyash ( " the Engineer " ) , a card hailing the martyrdom of a Hamas fighter , and even a school scheduling sheet with images of terrorist attacks , including a burning bus , a bullet - riddled car and a dead body on a stretcher .
The items serve a purpose , Avi said , adding that pure charitable institutions would n't have them .
" Even a keychain is something to remember .
We do n't have to say what we are .
In the items you can see them . "
Jurors were shown nearly two dozen such exhibits ; often over the objections of defense attorneys who argued the images were prejudicial .
In one 2001 video of a summer camp taken from the Islamic Charitable Society of Hebron , a children 's song is sung while images of rocket - propelled grenades and other weapons are shown .
A child hails Ayyash and five Hamas suicide bombers , including those who carried out attacks in Hadera and in Jerusalem 's French Hill area .
Summer camps are part of a " life cycle " of social programs Hamas runs in the Palestinian territories , Avi testified .
Kindergartens , primary schools , summer camps , universities and direct support for the families of martyrs and detainees helps build popular support and win future recruits .
" They can absorb very easily the ideas of Hamas , " Avi said .
" This is why the idea of kindergarten is so important to Hamas . "
In some cases , the Palestinian Authority agrees .
In 2001 , a PA Security memo said committee members were associated with Hamas and some were activists .
A year earlier , a lengthier report listed six leaders of zakat committees in Ramallah and El - Bireh .
All were listed by the PA as Hamas members .
At the Tulkarem committee , soldiers found a release from Hamas ' Izzedin Al Qassam brigade touting a 2002 suicide bombing at the Park Hotel that killed 19 people and wounded 170 more during a Passover Seder .
The statement called the seaside town of Netanya , where the bombing occurred , " the heart of our occupied land ' 48 A.D " and reminded anyone who might have forgotten that Hamas stands against any peaceful settlement with Israel , saying " it will not accept other than Jihad and resistance . "
The statement also made clear that , to Hamas , every Israeli is a fair target :
" What the Zionist entity and its ally America call as ‘ innocent civilians ' are in Al Qassam 's and in our people 's dictionary but settlers and oppressors of our land and people and they have nothing from us other than death and displacement . "
At the Hebron charitable society , soldiers found an internal Hamas memorandum in the director 's office .
The 2001 handwritten memo summarized a meeting of the Hamas Shura Council in the West Bank and discussed the movement 's approach to the second Intifada .
It also indicated the zakat committees indeed were used to move money for Hamas :
" Please comfort us regarding your financial situation as we try hard to make more transfers to your end , whether through charity work , or through emergency budgets with which we still operate .
On that regards , we confirm our need for new account numbers for the transfer from … [ incomplete ] , and stress the fact that work is underway to provide money to aspects relating to the martyrs and detainees and other issues through what is being transferred through the charity organizations as this is a main goal for the increase in transfers to those organizations so that budgets are dispensed according to the most ideal means which elevate the performance of the Movement . "
Defense attorneys spent Thursday afternoon cross examining Avi. Joshua Dratel , who represents defendant Mohamed El - Mezain , attacked the anonymity afforded the witness , saying the defense has no way to research his background , his writings or research .
" We have to take your word for everything about yourself … If you were n't even a lawyer , how would we go about proving that , without your real name ? "
The cross examination continues Friday morning .
After that , prosecutors are expected to rest their case .
The Shotgun Blog
« Al & Mike Show - Episode 50 - Fifty Episodes ! | Main | $ 30 million bailout for Nortel with more tax dollars likely to follow as company restructures »
Thursday , January 15 , 2009
Heritage Foundation releases 2009 Economic Freedom Index , Canada at number 7
The Heritage Foundation and Wall Street Journal have released their 2009 Index of Economic Freedom .
The Index ranks 183 countries from around the world on the freedom they permit their citizens to open a business , have secure private property , buy and sell , trade with each other and the world , and so on .
Here is how the Index explains economic freedom :
The highest form of economic freedom provides an absolute right of property ownership , fully realized freedoms of movement for labor , capital , and goods , and an absolute absence of coercion or constraint of economic liberty beyond the extent necessary for citizens to protect and maintain liberty itself .
In other words , individuals are free to work , produce , consume , and invest in any way they please , and that freedom is both protected by the state and unconstrained by the state .
Here is the top 10 for 2009 , along with their score ( out of a possible 100 ) :
1 ) Hong Kong ( 90 )
2) Singapore ( 87.1 )
3 ) Australia ( 82.6 )
4 ) Ireland ( 82.2 )
5 ) New Zealand ( 82 )
6 ) United States ( 80.7 )
7 ) Canada ( 80.5 )
8 ) Denmark ( 80 )
9 ) Switzerland ( 79.4 )
10 ) United Kingdom ( 79 )
Here is a detailed chart of the top 10 ( click to expand ) :
I wonder how many of these indexes will need to be released before the myth of Canada the socialist country versus America the free market country is exploded .
We 're awfully close to the U.S. on this index , and beat the U.S. on my preferred index , the Fraser Institute 's Economic Freedom of the World report .
The North American press release for the index is below the fold .
North America is the world leader in economic freedom , boasting two of the 10 freest countries in the 2009 " Index of Economic Freedom , " published annually by The Wall Street Journal and The Heritage Foundation .
The United States enjoyed the highest ranking within the region and finished sixth in the world , followed immediately by Canada .
One reason the region does so well is the North America Free Trade Agreement .
" NAFTA has been a positive force enhancing economic freedom , " the Index authors wrote , " connecting more than 400 million people in an economic area with about one - third of the world 's total GDP . "
Mexico still has a way to go to catch up with its northern neighbors , and could begin doing so by improving its investment freedom and freedom from corruption , the authors noted .
In a first for the Index , Canada , Mexico and the United States are split off from the rest of the Americas and graded as a separate region .
To compile the Index , the authors measured 183 countries across 10 specific factors of economic freedom :
The higher the score , the lower the level of government interference .
All countries were graded on a scale of zero to 100 .
The 10 freedoms measured are : business freedom , trade freedom , fiscal freedom , government size , monetary freedom , investment freedom , financial freedom , property rights , freedom from corruption and labor freedom .
Ratings in each category were averaged to produce the overall Index score .
This year 's Index aims to be the most precise measure of economic freedom ever published .
The authors fine - tuned their methodology .
For example , they fine - tuned the " labor " component , analyzing six labor freedom factors instead of the four studied in previous Indexes .
Worldwide , the average rating for economic freedom held essentially steady this year .
However , " there is a real possibility that the economic freedom scores in this edition might represent the historical high point for economic freedom in the world , " the authors warned .
As governments attempt to stave off a global recession , their meddling could threaten economic freedom and long - term economic prosperity .
Of the 183 countries ranked ( the most ever ) , only seven were classified as " free " ( a score of 80 or higher ) .
Another 23 were rated as " mostly free " ( 70-79.9 ) .
The bulk of countries -- 120 economies -- were rated either " moderately free " ( 60 - 60.9 ) or " mostly unfree " ( 50-50.9 ) .
The remaining 29 countries were rated " repressed " economies , with total freedom scores below 50 .
This is the 15th consecutive year The Heritage Foundation and The Wall Street Journal have published the Index .
The 2009 edition was edited by Kim Holmes , Heritage 's vice president for foreign affairs , and Ambassador Terry Miller , head of Heritage 's Center for International trade and Economics .
Posted by P.M. Jaworski on January 15 , 2009 in Economic freedom | Permalink
Comments
It 's good to see that Canada is still able to keep up with the US .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2009-01-15 10:44:34 AM
" I wonder how many of these indexes will need to be released before the myth of Canada the socialist country versus America the free market country is exploded . "
Jaws ,
Culturally , I think it 's a bit more than a myth .
In Canada , as Gerry Nicholls pointed out to me once , most of the avowed socialists are also nationalists .
If you deny one of their sacred cows ( public health care / gun control / multiculturalism / etc ) , then you 're anti-Canada .
It 's pretty much exactly the same as the " love it or leave it " attitude you find in some Americans .
In the U.S. , socialists have to hide in caves , call themselves " progressives " , and can't ever seriously pretend that their ideology is written into the fabric of their country ( unlike the Canadian socialists . )
This difference may not , in fact , make Canada more of a socialist hellhole than the United States , but it does contribute to that impression .
In Canada , people actually respect people like Jack Layton , instead of shunting them off to an obscure college campus somewhere .
Best ,
Terrence
Posted by : Terrence Watson | 2009-01-15 2:05:14 PM
I agree about the * attitude* of Canadians vs. the attitude of Americans .
But I 'm more interested in the impact that attitude has on actual policy , than in what the object of the attitude is .
When it comes to economics , Canada and the U.S. are borderline indistinguishable .
True , tax policy is mostly better in the U.S.
But , really , our economic freedoms are a hair 's breadth apart .
On civil liberties issues , as well , Canadian policy seems comparable to U.S. policy .
True , Americans have easier access to guns ( an issue I consider vital and part of civil liberty ) .
True , Americans protect freedom of speech and opinion ( much ) better than Canadians do .
But we have much less militarism and fewer Canadians get imprisoned , per capita , than Americans do .
We also do n't have a vicious and liberty - destroying war on drugs on anything like the scale we see in the U.S .
You 're right about the respect we accord to socialist crazies like Layton .
But , again , it is n't the attitudes that worry me .
I 'm more interested in the policies .
And , with respect to policy , Canada and the U.S. are , all things considered , about the same when it comes to individual liberty .
There is n't enough of it in either country , but it 's probably false and contrary to the facts to claim that the U.S. is more free than Canada .
Posted by : P.M. Jaworski | 2009-01-15 2:15:34 PM
What I find strange about Australia 's rankings ... is that anecdotally ( as we have some employees who work in Australia and have moved to Canada and the US ) that everything I 've heard is that taxes in Australia are higher for comparative incomes ... and the cost of living in Australia is higher on all counts .
So I wonder how taxation factors into these readings .
Posted by : Mike Brock | 2009-01-15 3:20:07 PM
From the research : " Canada trails the world average only in size and expense of government .
Like many European democracies , Canada has elaborate social and welfare state programs that raise government spending . "
I guess we 'll call this " room for improvement . "
Posted by : Matthew Johnston | 2009-01-15 9:14:36 PM
You want to see the Jack Laytons of Canada shuffled off to some obscure campus ?
That may be the problem .
There are far too many of them on our campuses and influencing our country 's future leaders .
Education is sadly lacking in far too many of our classrooms .
Posted by : DML | 2009-01-15 10:52:42 PM
It seems like a race to the bottom .
If the Federal Government had n't squandered our cultural inheritance , America would knock these rankings out of the park every time .
Having lived in New York then Toronto then New York , I see this city becoming slowly Ontarionized , from the cheaper building materials to the TD Bank that now sits on my corner !
Life in Ontario was , for me , just a flash forward to a New York of increasingly inane regulations , a power balance in favor of large corporations , and an sapping of the vital yet intangible vitality that liberty brings to a state .
What I really liked was the Fraser Institute rankings of states and provinces several years ago .
The more success we have dismantling our Federal overlords , the more relevant a state - by - state ranking will become .
http://www.mikevine.com/
Posted by : Mike Vine | 2009-01-16 1:21:15 AM
It 's kind of interesting that the # 1 place is Hong Kong which has been part of COMMUNIST China for 12 years !
Posted by : Tim Trudeau | 2009-01-19 6:03:56 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
This micrograph shows the bacteria ( image by permission of scientists )
A bug which lives entirely on its own and survives without oxygen in complete darkness underground has been discovered in South Africa .
Desulforudis audaxviator , or bold traveller as it is known in English , relies on water , hydrogen and sulphate for its energy .
Because it gets by without oxygen , it could offer clues as to whether life exists on other planets .
The loneliest living species known to science was found inside a gold mine .
The rod -shaped bacterium was found 2.8 km ( 1.74 miles ) beneath the surface of the Earth in the Mponeng mine near Johannesburg , living in complete isolation , total darkness and 60C ( 140 F ) heat .
The find represents the first known ecosystem with a single biological species , scientists say .
It was identified in DNA extracted from water - filled cracks in the mine .
Dr Dylan Chivian of California 's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , who is part of the team that made the discovery , explained its significance .
" Early Earth and other planets did n't have a lot of oxygen on them , so life has evolved to use oxygen in order to get its energy , " he told BBC Radio 5 Live .
" You know , if we ever discover life on other planets , it may very well be that they live without oxygen and instead potentially use chemicals like sulphate to get their energy . "
The bug 's name is partially based on a sentence in Latin from Jules Verne 's novel Journey to the Centre of the Earth - " Descende , Audax viator , et terrestre centrum attinges , " which translates as : " Descend , Bold Traveller , and attain the centre of the Earth . "
A 15 - year - old boy from Mumbai in India has found a simple way to recycle plastic bottles , carrier bags and packaging — using a converted bicycle pump .
The teenager ’s idea has been short - listed for the St Andrews Prize , an environmental innovation award , which will be presented at the University of St Andrews next month .
“ I saw so much plastic rubbish on the beach here after a festival that I wanted to do something about it , ” Yash Joshi told New Scientist in a telephone interview from Mumbai ( formerly Bombay ) this week .
“ The problem is that it is not economic to collect and transport all this bulky waste .
I decided …
Of the high school graduates , a few told him recently that they had to scratch college plans because they could not get students loans or financial aid .
The new G. I. bill is an especially attractive incentive for that group .
The Army Reserve and the National Guard have also received a boost from people eager to supplement their falling incomes .
Sean D. O’Neil , a 22 - year - old who stood shivering outside an Army recruitment office in St. Louis , said he was forgoing plans to become a guitar maker for now , realizing that instruments are seen as a luxury during a recession .
Mr. O’Neil , a Texas native , ventured to St. Louis for an apprenticeship but found himself $ 30,000 in debt .
Joining the Army , his Plan B , was a purely financial decision .
With President - elect Barack Obama in office , he expects the troop levels in Iraq to be lowered .
Going to war , although likely , feels safer to him .
“ I ’m doing this for eight years , ” he said .
“ Hopefully , when I get out , I ’ll have all my fingers and toes and arms , and the economy will have turned around , and I ’ll have a little egg to start up my own guitar line . ”
Ryen Trexler , 21 , saw the recession barreling toward him as he was fixing truck tires for Allegheny Trucks in Altoona , Pa .
By last summer , his workload had dropped from fixing 10 to 15 tires a day to mending two to four , or sometimes none .
As the new guy on the job , he knew he would be the first to go .
He quit and signed up for the Jobs Corps Center in Pittsburgh , a federal labor program that would pay for two years of training , figuring he would learn to be a heavy equipment operator .
When a local Army recruiter walked into the center , his pitch hit a nerve .
Mr. Trexler figured he could earn more money and learn leadership skills in the Army .
Just as important , he could ride out the recession for four years and walk out ready to work in civilian construction .
Although the other branches of the military have not struggled as much as the Army to recruit , they , too , are attracting people who would not ordinarily consider enlisting .
As the world decries Israel 's attempt to defend itself from the rocket attacks coming from Gaza , consider this :
When Hamas routed Fatah in Gaza in 2007 , it cost nearly 350 lives and 1,000 wounded .
Fatah 's surrender brought only a temporary stop to the type of violence and bloodshed that are commonly seen in lands where at least 30 % of the male population is in the 15 - to - 29 age bracket .
In such " youth bulge " countries , young men tend to eliminate each other or get killed in aggressive wars until a balance is reached between ...
An antique store owner , Mr. Weng , rediscovers the rarest primate thought to be extinct , the Pygmy Tarsier , in the mountains of Rorekatimbo in Indonesia .
The old man was out taking a walk with his grandson on his lunch break when he came across this adorable creature .
This nocturnal animal is rare in the fact that it spends most of its ' time awake at night but never eats after midnight .
That is also the reason the Mogw ... Errrr Pygmy Tarsier has such large eyes .
It hates the sunlight so it spends most of the daylight hiding its ' sensitive skinfrom the dangerous rays .
" You do with mogwai what your society ... has done with all of nature 's gifts .
You do not understand . "
Mr. Weng tells reporters .
Our best guest was this means he was planning to serve this little guy as the dinner special at his nephew 's China Palace # 467 Super Grand Buffet but we were too busy staring at that creepy , hazy lifeless eye to really pay any heed to they ramblings of an old man .
Strangely enough , while we were in Indonesia reporting for this story , one of our photographers caught a glimpse of another unidentified species that had snuck into the hotel kitchen and was helping itself to some cookies .
As our photographer approached the creature , he said it sounded as if it was repeating " Yum , Yum , Yum , " over and over again .
All photos property of TimeKeeper Photography and are not to be used without permission .
New York Times Co. raised $ 250 million from Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim after agreeing to pay an interest rate of more than 14 % , the latest in a series of moves by the newspaper publisher to shore up its finances .
The notes Mr. Slim will receive in return for the investment include warrants that can be converted into 15.9 million common shares at a strike price of $ 6.36 , a slight discount to where the shares closed on Friday .
The notes , which carry a 14.1 % coupon , are due in 2015 .
It ...
FLIR Surveillance : November 14/08 , San Diego : A man is facing attempted murder charges today after getting caught in the middle of a bizarre street fight .
The San Diego Police Department 's ABLE helicopter caught the whole thing on tape .
From the air , officers could see one man beating another with a crutch in the middle of the street .
About The Author Dmitry Fadeyev is the creator of Usaura , a micro usability testing service , and the founder of Usability Post , a blog about good design and user experience .
…
More about Dmitry Fadeyev …
10 Useful Web Application Interface Techniques
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
More and more applications these days are migrating to the Web .
Without platform constraints or installation requirements , the software - as - a - service model looks very attractive .
Web application interface design is , at its core , Web design ; however , its focus is mainly on function .
To compete with desktop applications , Web apps must offer simple , intuitive and responsive user interfaces that let their users get things done with less effort and time .
More and more applications these days are migrating to the Web .
Without platform constraints or installation requirements , the software - as - a - service model looks very attractive .
Web application interface design is , at its core , Web design ; however , its focus is mainly on function .
To compete with desktop applications , Web apps must offer simple , intuitive and responsive user interfaces that let their users get things done with less effort and time .
In the past we did n’t cover web applications the way we should and now it ’s time to take a closer look at some useful techniques and design solutions that make web - applications more user - friendly and more beautiful .
This article presents the first part of our extensive research on design patterns and useful design solutions in modern web applications .
Below you ’ll find a collection of 10 useful interface design techniques and best practices used in many successful web - applications .
You may want to take a look at the following related articles :
1. Interface elements on demand
Simplicity is important in user interface design .
The more controls you display on the screen at any time , the more time your users will have to spend figuring out how to use your interface .
When there is less choice , the available functions become more apparent and are easier to scan .
Simplifying an interface is n’t easy though , especially if you do n’t want to limit the app ’s functionality .
When you click on the search link in Kontain ’s search box , a similar drop - down menu appears .
So , if you need to narrow your search , you can use the menu to select the sort of content you ’re looking for .
Tucking these options away simplifies the search box .
One way of making things simpler is to hide or conceal advanced functionality .
Find out the most commonly used functions of your interface and tuck away the rest .
You can do this with pop -up menus and controls , which are very common on desktop software .
For example , if your search bar has advanced filters , put them away in a special drop - down menu at the end .
If users need those filters , they can enable them with just a couple of clicks .
Deciding what to keep and what to conceal is n’t a simple task , though , and will depend on how important and how frequently used each of the controls is .
When you click on the search link in CollabFinder , you are n’t taken to a different page .
Instead , the search box controls drop down , allowing you to begin your search straight away .
2. Specialized controls
It ’s important to select the right interface controls for the situation .
Different situations can be handled in different ways , and certain controls are better at their intended task than others .
Backpack has a compact calendar date and time picker for selecting a reminder date .
For example , you can select a date by using drop - down lists for day , month and year .
Drop - downs are n’t very efficient , however , when compared to a calendar picker , where you can click directly on a day you want .
Calendar pickers also help you see the days , weeks and months ( and especially workdays and weekends ) more easily and so allow you to make a more informed decision more quickly than you would with a simple drop - down list .
MyBankTracker ’s APY calculator features easy - to - use slider controls for quickly trying out different projections .
Another good example of this are sliders .
Yes , you can always input a number manually , but for certain situations , slider controls do a much better job .
Not only are they easy to use — just click and drag — but you can also see how your selection fits between the minimum and maximum of an available range .
3. Disable pressed buttons
One of the problems Web applications encounters with forms is the submission process .
With very simple forms , if you click the “ Submit ” button twice or more very quickly , the form will be submitted two or more times .
This is obviously problematic because it will create duplicates of the same item .
Preventing duplicate submissions is n’t very hard , and it is essential to do this for most Web apps .
There are two tiers to this safeguard : client - side and server - side .
We wo n’t go through the server - side safeguard here because this will vary depending on the programming language you use and your back - end architecture .
What you should essentially do is put in a check to ensure during the processing stage that whatever is being submitted is not a duplicate , and if it is to block it .
Yammer disables the “ Update ” button while your new message is being submitted .
The client - side stage is much simpler .
All you have to do is disable the “ Submit ” button the very moment it is clicked .
The easiest way to do this is to add a piece of JavaScript to the “ Submit ” button like this :
< input type=“ submit ” value= “ Submit ” onclick=“ this.disabled=true ” />
Of course , we would advise you to also implement server - side checks to be sure that duplicates do n’t get through .
4. Shadows around modal windows
Drop shadows around pop-up menus and windows are n’t just eye candy .
They help the menu or window stand out from the background by reinforcing its dimensions .
They also block out the noise of the content beneath the window by darkening the area around it with a shadow .
This technique hat its roots in traditional desktop applications and helps the user to focus his / her attention on the appearing window .
Since most modal windows are n’t as easy to distinguish from the main content as in desktop applications , shadows help them to appear closer to readers , because the window appears to be three - dimensional and lay above the rest of the page .
Digg ’s log - in window has a thick shadow around it to block out the noise of the page beneath .
To achieve this effect , designers often create a container with a transparent PNG - image as background and place the content inside the container - with equidistant padding on all sides of the box .
Another option is to use a background image with transparent borders and position the content box within this box using absolute positioning .
This is exactly what Digg does — this is the image they are using ( dialog.png ) .
And this is the markup and CSS - style they are using :
( X) HTML :
< div id =“ container ” > < div style = “ display : block ; top : 236 px ; opacity : 1 ; ” class= “ dialog ” > < div class= “ body ” > < div class= “ content ” > … </div> </div> </div> </div >
CSS :
.dialog { position : absolute ; left : 50 % ; margin - left : - 315 px ; width : 630 px ; z-index : 100001 ; } .dialog .body { background : url(/img/dialog.png ) 0 0 ; /* semi - transparent .png image */ padding : 40 px 13 px 10 px 40 px ; }
Alternatively , you can also use JavaScript - based lightboxes or drop shadows using CSS3 - attributes we ’ve described earlier , but you need to be aware that Internet Explorer wo n’t support them .
Basecamp ’s project switcher window has a large soft drop shadow that helps the menu area stand out .
5 . Empty states that tell you what to do
When you ’re designing a Web application , it ’s important not only to test it with sample data , but to ensure that it looks good and is helpful when there is nothing there yet .
You should design the empty states .
When there is no information for a page or query yet , a helpful message telling the user how to start could go in that empty space .
For example , a project management application ’s home page may list the user ’s projects , but if there are no projects yet , you could provide a link to the project creation page .
Even if there is already a button to do that on the page , an extra bit of help does n’t hurt .
Campaign Monitor points you in the right direction when you start building an email campaign .
This technique encourages users to actually try out the service and proceed directly with using the service after registration .
Guiding the user through single steps of the application may help him or her to understand what advantages the application offers and if it ’s useful or not .
It is also important to present most important options to the users and only them — it does n’t make sense to overflood them with numerous options .
Keep in mind that users usually want to get a more or less concrete idea of what is offered to them , but they do n’t want to jump into details — they have neither time nor interest in it .
Using empty states to motivate users and animate actions , you can significantly reduce the amount of “ drop - outs ” and help your potential clients to gain a better understanding of how the system works .
Wufoo ’s forms page has a large , friendly message inviting you to create a new form if none yet exist .
6. Pressed button states
Many Web applications have custom - styled buttons .
These are anchors or input buttons that have custom images assigned as their backgrounds .
The default input buttons may not be suitable in some cases , and the text links are sometimes too subtle .
The challenge is , when you make your links look like buttons , they should act like buttons — and this includes having a “ pressed ” look when the user clicks on them .
This is n’t a purely visual tweak .
Giving instant feedback to the user will make the application feel more responsive and bring the experience closer to what the user experiences on desktop applications .
You can add a pressed button state with CSS by styling the active pseudo - class of the link in question .
So for example , if your anchor has the class add_task_button , you can style its active class by targeting add_task_button : active .
Buttons in Highrise actually show a pressed state when you click on them , providing the user with a satisfying responsive feel .
7 . Link to the sign - up page from the log -in page
Some people who have n’t yet signed up to your application will inevitably end up on the log - in page .
They likely want to try out your application but ca n’t find the registration page in a hurry .
Perhaps they ’ve tried accessing a feature that ’s only available to registered users .
Do n’t have a Delicious account ?
No problem ; a sign - up link is provided on the Delicious log - in page .
Goplan has a nice colored button on the log - in page pointing to the sign - up page .
Make things easy for these folks by placing a registration link on your log - in pages .
If they have n’t got an account yet , they should n’t have to look for a registration page .
Our studies confirm : 18 % have a sign - in form or a link to the sign - in form placed next to it ( e.g. YouTube , Reddit , Digg , Lulu , Metacafe ) .
8. Context - sensitive navigation
It ’s important to think about what the user expects to see and what they need in every given context .
You do n’t need to display the same navigation controls everywhere because users simply may not need them in every situation .
One of the best examples of context - sensitive controls is the recent change in the Microsoft Office 2007 interface , in which the default set of toolbars was replaced by ribbon controls .
Each tab on the ribbon holds different controls relating to a particular activity , be it editing graphs , proofreading or simply writing .
Web applications can also benefit from such context - sensitive controls because these controls help unclutter interfaces by showing only what the user needs , not everything that ’s available .
Lighthouse features a familiar tabbed navigation menu ; however , it also has a second level of menus right under the set of tabs .
This level displays only the items associated with the active section of the website .
9 . More emphasis on key functions
Not all controls hold the same importance .
For example , on a screen for creating a new item , you may have two buttons : “ Create ” and “ Cancel . ”
The “ Create ” link is more important because that ’s what the user will be doing most of the time .
Only rarely will they need to cancel the screen .
So if these controls are located side by side , you may not want to give both the same emphasis .
The “ Create ticket ” button in Lighthouse .
You can see the “ cancel ” link next to it , in plain text .
The button not only commands more importance but also has a larger clickable area and is easier to spot because of its frame .
To shift emphasis to the “ Create ” link , we can simply use different styles or types of controls .
Some applications use the form input button for the create action , and have the cancel action as a text anchor .
This not only gives the create button more clickable area , it also helps to grab the users gaze better when they ’re looking for it .
10 . Embedded video
While pictures and text are a great way to communicate and teach your users about your app ’s features , video can be an even better alternative if you have the resources to produce it .
Video has been gaining popularity on the Web in recent years .
For Web apps , videos are generally used on the marketing website as a kind of screencast to show off a product ’s features ; however , this is n’t the only way to use video .
GoodBarry features a video screencast on its front page showing off the product .
It also uses screencasts inside the app to teach people on how to get started .
MailChimp includes tutorial videos right on the admin panel to help out new users .
Some Web apps use video inside the application itself to teach users how to use certain features .
Video is a fantastic way to quickly demonstrate how your product can be used , because it is easier to consume than a page of text , and it is also much clearer because the viewer can see exactly what to do .
The teenager changed his name by deed poll
A teenager has changed his birth name by deed poll to incorporate several comic book superheroes .
George Garratt from Glastonbury has become Captain Fantastic Faster Than Superman Spiderman Batman Wolverine The Hulk And The Flash Combined .
The 19 - year - old music student made the change " for a bit of a laugh " , through a legally - recognised website .
He said : " I decided on a superheroes theme and whenever my friends offered up suggestions to me , I added them . "
He added : " My family have begun to expect these sorts of things from me , and although my friends thought it was ridiculous most people do call me Captain and it's been a great conversation starter . "
A spokesman from The Legal Deed Poll Service , said : " We get so many outrageous name changes that these days it barely fazes us , but when this one was brought to my attention I knew there was something special about it . "
The Ultimate Fart Silencer
Everyone farts …
Whether it be in public , on a date , or during an interview , it happens and we know how embarrassing it can be .
Luckily , a man named “ Big Chicken Mushroom ” from WuHan , China , has invented the “ Fart Silencer ” , a small plastic tube that you … um … put in your anus .
The “ Fart Silencer ” is a small plastic tube with one end that is completely open and the other end having numerous smaller holes in it .
Users are instructed to insert the open end into their anus when they feel a fart is coming .
This should eliminate any unwanted sound farts tend to produce .
Users are also instructed to spray a cotton ball with their favorite perfume and put it into the “ Fart Silencer ” to eliminate any unwanted odor that might occur .
Below is the inventor ’s demonstration by uses his mouth as anus , seems like it is working .
Here is some video of the inventor demonstrating his “ Fart Silencer “ , with his mouth of course …
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Free Ways To Watch Television Online , Catch Movies on the Internet
More and more people watch television online these days , stream their media , and opt for cheap video options .
Check out some cheap and free ways to watch TV and movies on the Internet !
Handling The Digital TV Transition
It ’s been years since I had cable , but that does n’t mean I do n’t get my fix of bad robots and cartoon capers .
With the switch to digital television ( DTV ) earlier this year , I had checked out my options many months ago .
First off , I got a DTV converter box as I ’m not ready to buy an HDTV yet .
This device enables my old - school analog TV to catch the digital signals put out by the local stations I already know and love .
For the best quality , the instruction booklet advised me to hook up the TV to an outdoor antenna .
However , the reception ’s been fine with the powered rabbit ears we got from a local big box store .
Now the DTV transition has spurred me to investigate other ways to enjoy my favorite shows .
Following are some of the things I ’m doing for entertainment .
Watch Television Online !
How To Watch TV on the Internet
In addition to the DTV converter box , I need lots of funny animal videos .
Like many of you , I visit sites like YouTube and Google Video and click away when I want to watch something short or really popular on the Internet .
When I ’m in the mood for episodes of my favorite TV shows , I try Hulu.com .
It ’s run by the folks who own NBC and Fox , so you can catch lots of good programs here — for free .
Me , I can barely stay awake for Saturday Night Live anymore , but Hulu has the clips and a selection of the full episodes I ’ve missed .
In addition , the networks often provide episodes of their shows as streaming content ( the way YouTube shows its videos ) .
For example , when the mega - popular show Heroes first came out , I missed the early episodes .
NBC and ABC let me watch the shows on their site , and it only cost me the inconvenience of watching a few brief commercials .
Other places to find great programming online include video podcasts from my favorite magazines , and sites like Sidereel .
I can even watch clips of those cable TV shows everyone talks about around the water cooler .
Speaking of free TV , there are lots of articles out there ( including this comprehensive one from Mashable ) that list out free ( or almost free ) television online resources .
These resources may seem like a dime a dozen , and easily come and go for various reasons .
Some popular ones still standing :
Free Internet TV Resources
Video Stores : Still Open During the DTV Transition
I still hit the video store , but only when I ’m armed with coupons , and since I have Blockbuster Online , I can trade in a video that came in the mail for an in - store rental .
Check to see if your local video store offers a program that rewards you .
I ’m also tempted to give Netflix another try because of their low rates and vast selection .
If I want to add to my movie collection , I should remember to peruse the used videos for sale , too .
Watch Movies on the Internet , or Download and Watch ‘ Em Later
Image by Ripten
As an alternative to the video store , more and more providers are starting to put their TV shows and movies out there for download .
Netflix , iTunes / Apple TV and Amazon Video on Demand have lots to offer for reasonable prices to either purchase or rent .
Do you have a Playstation 3 or a Playstation Portable ?
Then you can even download videos from the Playstation Store website .
If you ’re thinking about picking up an XBox 360 instead , then you ’ll be able to snag movies and TV shows through XBox Live .
If you ’re looking to learn more about BitTorrent movie downloads , head over to Legal Torrents and find out how you can download movies and other forms of media that have a Creative Commons license meant for sharing .
Just remember to scan anything you download with a virus checker .
Video Streaming Software
This is orb.com .
Of course , nowadays a lot of people have tons of videos stored on their computer .
While the PC is okay for one of us to watch videos , it gets to be a hassle when the whole family wants to watch the same thing .
Thanks to a software program called Orb.com , I can share media from my PC with another source — like the PC in the family room , the XBox 360 , the Playstation 3 , or even a compatible mobile phone .
Another service called TVersity.com provides similar offerings .
A lot of people seem resigned to grabbing an expensive cable or satellite plan or even a new HDTV when the DTV transition hits us in February , but with all these other options out there , you can stay on the couch with both your remote control and your piggy bank intact !
Copyright © 2009 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
Although dumplings are said to have originated in China , the similar dishes are found in different cuisines worldwide .
Dumplings appeal to most every appetite .
You can serve it as a first course ( like soup ) or as the main dish ( with sauces , butter , mayo or sour cream ) .
Russian dumplings are always stuffed with a raw ground meat compared to Italian tortellinis that come with boiled meat .
In Russia , dumplings are traditionally made by the entire family .
Merry talks and jokes make the cooking process faster .
It is so boring and tedious to make dumplings by yourself .
We made Russian dumplings with Italian sage sauce .
Try our international dumplings recipe .
Ingredients for the Dumpling Filling
400 g pork or beef ( you can use both )
2 onions
2 garlic cloves
Ground black pepper , salt
Ingredients for the Dumpling Dough
2 - 2 ½ cups ( 500 - 600 g ) flour
1 egg
2/3 cup ( 200 g ) cold water
Ingredients for the Sauce
5 - 6 sage leaves
3 tablespoons ( 50 g ) butter
Grated Parmesan cheese
Recipe of Homemade Dumplings
Wash meat and grate with onions and garlic .
and grate with onions and garlic .
Season with salt and pepper to taste .
Mix well .
Pour cold water in a bowl and beat the egg in .
Beat the egg with water and stir in flour .
Knead dough until smooth and no longer sticky .
until smooth and no longer sticky .
Shape the dough into a ball and place under the bowl for 20 - 25 minutes .
Meanwhile , make the sauce .
Wash and finely chop sage leaves .
Melt butter in a frying pan .
Put the sage leaves and sauté over low heat for 3 - 4 minutes .
leaves and sauté over low heat for 3 - 4 minutes .
When the butter obtains sage caramel flavor , turn the heat off .
Make sure not to overcook sage leaves .
obtains sage caramel flavor , turn the heat off .
Make sure not to overcook sage leaves .
Now , take out the dough and roll out into a thin layer .
Cut out circles of the dough with the help of a glass or a cup .
With a little spoon , put some meat filling in the middle of each dough circle .
Fold the circles and stick the edges together .
Have just been testing the new Cython accelerator module for PyOpenGL 3.x on my workstation .
As seen on the laptop , the PyOpenGL - specific stuff just sort of drops out of the hotspot - set .
There 's a few little spots with a percent or two showing up , but pretty much everything else is OpenGLContext scenegraph management stuff .
Those tend to be nicely compartmentalized things such as " converters " module instances .
Also ran a profiler over a code - base that uses ctypes-only arrays ( instead of Numpy , as OpenGLContext does ) ... those still need work , as a few of the helper functions are way too slow .
Nothing complex there from what I can see , just need to provide similar , trivial accelerator functions to get the array dimensions and the like out of the Python - level instance objects .
OpenGLContext still needs some optimization love , the traversal code is still too heavy , and the node - path code is taking way too long ( its calculating the current matrix for every transform in order to do frustum culling on the client side ) .
There 's lots of ways to optimize those , but the first step is algorithmic fixes , not writing C / Cython code .
I can't say I 've explored using Cython for accessing e.g. raw OpenGL functionality ( or any C functionality ) , nor have I figured out how to do things such as declaring arrays in Cython ( I'm using Python lists ) .
Still , for this kind of " spot optimization " of code that is already modular and heavily refactored it 's been a very effective tool .
For the most part I 'm just copying the existing Python code into the accelerator module and tweaking to provide the C - level hints that let Cython generate the optimized code .
There 's obviously concerns with the approach , the accelerator modules will have to be recompiled for every Python version ( just like the old SWIG system ) , but the accelerator modules are comparatively trivial , they 're pretty much just Python - API extensions , they do n't need to hook into the system OpenGL / Tk / whatever libraries , and they should be relatively stable ( all they do is optimize the wrapping process itself , rather than optimizing the particular wrappers ) .
HOUSTON – A single tumor - suppressing gene is a key to understanding , and perhaps killing , dormant ovarian cancer cells that persist after initial treatment only to reawaken years later , researchers at The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center report in the December Journal of Clinical Investigation .
The team found that expression of a gene called ARHI acts as a switch for autophagy , or self - cannibalization , in ovarian cancer cells .
Often a mechanism for cancer cell death , in this case " self - eating " acts as a survival mechanism for dormant cancer cells .
" Prolonged autophagy is lethal to cancer cells , but a little autophagy can help dormant cancer cells survive , possibly by avoiding starvation , " said senior author Robert Bast , M.D. , vice president for translational research at M. D. Anderson .
" Dormant cells are a major problem in ovarian cancer , breast cancer and other malignancies , " Bast said .
" We often see ovarian cancer removed , leaving no remaining sign of disease .
After two or three years , the cancer grows back .
If any remaining cancer cells had continued to grow normally , the disease should have returned in weeks or months .
" So the assumption is that some cells remain dormant without dividing and without developing a blood supply , but the mechanism for this has not been well understood , " Bast said .
Bast and colleagues focused on ARHI , short for aplasia Ras homolog member I , a gene found in normal cells , but that is underexpressed in 60 - 70 percent of ovarian cancers .
When normal levels of ARHI were restored to ovarian cancer cells in the laboratory , autophagy was induced and cancer cells died within a few days .
When the experiments moved to human ovarian cancer grafts in mice , a different effect was noted .
ARHI stopped tumor growth and induced autophagy , but did not kill the cancer cells .
When ARHI was turned off at 4 to 6 weeks , the ovarian cancer cells grew rapidly .
" Cancer cells had remained viable during ARHI - induced growth arrest and autophagy , which is consistent with a dormant state , " Bast said .
" When we blocked autophagy with chloroquine , a drug also used to treat malaria , regrowth of the cancers was inhibited , suggesting that autophagy had helped the cancer cells to survive in the absence of a blood supply . "
Autophagy is a cellular survival mechanism that protects cells in a variety of ways .
In the case of stress caused by lack of nutrients , autophagy is roughly comparable to a person burning body fat to survive the absence of food .
Several protein survival factors were detected within the microenvironment of the ovarian cancer grafts that could prevent autophagy - induced death of ovarian cancer cells in the laboratory .
Blocking these survival factors could provide a novel strategy for eliminating dormant ovarian cancer cells and curing more patients .
Whether cancer cells die an autophagic death , remain dormant or exit dormancy to grow again depends on the balance between ARHI 's tumor - suppressing activity and the anti-autophagic and proliferative activity of these environmental survival factors , the authors note .
The ARHI - autophagy pathway also provides an inducible model for tumor dormancy .
Lack of a model has hindered understanding of dormant cells and the development of treatments to eliminate them , Bast noted .
Source : University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center
This is Robert Bast , M.D. from University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center .
( Photo Credit : University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center )
Carl Watner on the Whiskey Rebellion of 1794 Share This :
By Carl Watner
Imagine that you were the leader of a revolutionary government that had recently and successfully wrested power from its parent country .
Imagine that some of your citizens refused to obey the laws that you and your legislature had promulgated .
What would you do ?
Would you ignore their disobedience ; or would you send the police and army after them ?
How would you assert your authority , and maintain the power and legitimacy of your government ?
Such a situation faced President George Washington and Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton after Congress passed a federal revenue law on March 3 , 1791 . [ 1 ]
How they responded to this and other early threats to their power illustrates that even newly - founded and limited governments , so - called , share the same predicament as established States .
They must collect their revenues regardless of the cost .
If they fail to suppress disobedience , they will only be faced with more disobedience , with the end result being an ultimate challenge to their existence .
Over the years , I have published articles describing the western Pennsylvania Whiskey Rebellion of 1794 .
My purpose in those articles has generally been to demonstrate that our early American government has always had , and always exercised , its sovereign power to tax and seize the property or body of anyone refusing to pay their taxes . [ 2 ]
What recently renewed my interest in the topic was reading an article on civil disobedience in the Kentucky territory during the same era . [ 3 ]
As it turns out , resistance to payment of the federal excise tax on whiskey was widespread in all American frontier areas , from northern New York to southern Georgia .
Furthermore , as Mary Tachau , author of this study , observes ; until recently " this remarkable story of tax evasion " has experienced a near historical blackout and cover-up . [ 4 ]
Resistance to the excise was part and parcel of the frontiersman 's British heritage and tradition .
The inhabitants of the British Isles , especially Irishmen , had distilled their own whiskey for centuries .
When a levy on spirits in Ireland was introduced in 1661 , " it was totally ignored . " [ 5 ]
Englishmen , too , developed a " hearty dislike " for excise taxes . [ 6 ]
In the era before modern science , whiskey was valued not only for its intoxicating effects , but for its use as an anesthetic , antiseptic , and common everyday medicine .
To the frontier farmer , distilling was not only a natural birthright , but a condition necessary to his economic survival .
It was practically the only way to convert his grain into ready money , by transporting it over the mountains to where there was a cash market for his brew .
As far as the American frontiersman was concerned , his whiskey and freedom hung together . [ 7 ]
He owned the seed grain , he owned the land , he labored to harvest the crop , and he used his own equipment to distill the brew .
Whose property had he violated ; whom had he hurt ; and was there any identifiable party to whom he owed money for the right to do as he pleased ?
" To convert [ his ] grain into spirits was considered to be as [ much ] a natural right as to convert grain into flour " for his bread .
Why should he be subject to a duty for drinking his grain , rather than eating it ? [ 8 ]
The frontier regions west of the Allegheny mountains had a long history of ignoring governmental authority .
During the 1760s , Governor John Penn of Pennsylvania had referred to his western citizens as a " lawless ungovernable crew . " [ 13 ]
After the start of the American Revolution , David Rittenhouse , treasurer of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , stated that " adversaries of the Pennsylvania government were loath to pay taxes . "
He predicted that the likely consequence of non-payment would be " the early demise of the state . " [ 14 ]
Other frontier areas had their own backlash against state and colonial government .
In the early 1770s , North Carolina regulators attacked their local courts , and the same thing had occurred in western Massachusetts during Shay 's Rebellion of 1786 - 1787 .
There , the local state authorities had suppressed the disorder .
The case of western Pennsylvania was only different in the sense that it was in closer geographic proximity to federal officials in Philadelphia , and thus a direct and " embarrassing challenge to [ their ] authority . " [ 15 ]
Hamilton and Washington chose to crush resistance to the federal excise in western Pennsylvania , not only because it was closer to them , but because it would be less expensive than sending troops to North or South Carolina , or Kentucky .
As Hamilton observed , " Crush resistance at the most vulnerable point and the more remote regions will fall into line . " [ 16 ]
Unlike the situation in Kentucky , there were politicians in western Pennsylvania who were willing to serve the federal government and collect the excise .
Pennsylvania Congressman William Findley explained this distinction to Governor Mifflin of Pennsylvania in 1792 .
" ' It is well known , ' Findley reported , ' that in some counties , as well of Virginia as of Pennsylvania , men have not , and cannot be induced by any consideration to accept of the excise offices .
In those counties there have been no riots nor threatening resolutions ; but this arises from the perfect unanimity which subsists in the dislike to the law ' . " [ 17 ]
However in western Pennsylvania , the Treasury repeatedly pressed the issue of collection and found John Neville , a well - known state official to represent the federal government .
Neville was wealthy by local standards and had originally opposed the federal excise tax when he " was a member of the Pennsylvania assembly when that body adopted a resolution condemning the tax in 1791 . "
When he later was appointed to the office of excise inspector , his neighbors thought that he " was giving up his principles for a bribe and bartering the confidence they had in him for " a federal salary .
" He became a catalyst for mounting opposition to the law .
" [ 18 ]
Although all the key political players in the decision to snuff out the Whiskey rebellion were Federalists and supporters of a strong central American government , there were some differences among them as to how government force was to be used .
The general Federalist outlook was that any opposition to the whiskey excise was a challenge " to the very roots of authority and order . " [ 19 ]
Federalists believed that every good government " must provide for its own security and preservation , " [ 20 ] and they saw " a permanent standing army " as a way " to coerce the people and silence them into obedience to authority . " [ 21 ]
President Washington took opposition to the nation 's law as a personal affront to himself .
" He felt that the excise was a just law , " and he viewed any opposition to it as " equivalent to advocating separation from the union , ' the most dreadful of all calamities ' . " [ 22 ]
Washington certainly " exemplified the Federalist belief that a display of force was necessary " not only to subdue the rebels , but to show the world that his government was committed to a lasting union " of the states . [ 23 ]
In early September 1792 , Alexander Hamilton urged President Washington to issue a public proclamation taking a strong stand on the patriotic necessity of paying the excise .
As Edmund Randolph , the United States Attorney General ( 1789 - 1794 ) , pointed out , the enforcement of the excise law was " a delicate problem with potentially wide - ranging ramifications . " [ 24 ]
The federal government had no soldiers of its own .
It had to rely on state militiamen to enforce its laws .
Governor Mifflin of Pennsylvania , a Republican , hesitated to commit his state 's militia , " and he argued heatedly that out of hatred for the excise , unwillingness to march on fellow citizens , or desire to avoid a long expedition , large numbers of [ his ] militia might ignore his orders . " [ 25 ]
Instead of sending an army after the resisters , Randolph advocated the use of the civil courts by indicting the tax evaders and trying them in the regular courts .
Only if that failed , would he consent to calling out the militia to enforce the law . [ 26 ]
In contrast to Hamilton , Randolph argued " The strength of a government is the affection of [ its ] people , " not their fear of its army . [ 27 ]
President Washington took the position that military force was only to be used as a last resort .
His Anti-federalist opponents had adopted the Whig opposition to standing armies .
" [ O ] therwise there would be a cry at once , ' The cat is let out ; we now see for what purpose an army was raised ' . "
Washington feared that the use of troops to enforce the law would shift the public argument from the question of law enforcement to the question of standing armies . [ 28 ]
In its final version , the presidential proclamation of September 15 , 1792 was issued as a public broadside and published in the leading newspapers .
" It decried all actions ' tending to obstruct the operation of the laws of the United States for raising a revenue upon [ distilled ] spirits ... subversive of good order , contrary to the duty that every citizen owes his country and to the laws , and of a nature dangerous to the very being of government ' . "
Washington warned all opponents of the government and its excise that they " would be dealt with harshly . " [ 29 ]
Of all the participants in the discussions about how to enforce the law , Alexander Hamilton was , from the beginning , the most militant .
He had originally conceived the idea of the whiskey tax as part of his plan to fund the revolutionary war debt , and as early as July 1792 , he had advocated proceeding against the non-payers in western North Carolina .
He was dissuaded from this idea by Chief Justice of the Supreme Court , John Jay , who warned that nothing could be worse for the new federal government than a military humiliation at the hands of tax rebels .
" No strong declarations should be made unless there be ability and disposition to follow them with strong measures . " [ 30 ]
Nevertheless , Hamilton feared that " if forceful action was not taken ' the spirit of disobedience ... [ would ] naturally extend and the authority of the government will be prostrate ' . " [ 31 ]
During the two years following the issuance of the federal proclamation little progress was made in satisfying the concerns of the excise resisters .
In February 1794 , President Washington received , what he perceived to be a treasonous petition of grievances against the national government sent by the members of the Mingo Creek Society in Washington County , Pennsylvania . [ 32 ]
They sought free navigation of the Mississippi River , government protection from the Indians , and relief from the excise .
The following month , John Neville , their regional supervisor for the collection of the excise , was accosted .
In July , his house was surrounded and fired upon by a crowd of fifty men .
The next day it was torched by a mob of over 400 .
Several men were killed , but Neville escaped .
When this news reached President Washington and Secretary of the Treasury Hamilton in Philadelphia , they conferred with other officials .
At a conference on August 2 , 1794 , Hamilton told the representatives of the Pennsylvania state government that the moment of crisis had arrived . [ 33 ]
" The immediate question , " he concluded , was " whether the government of the Untied States shall ever raise revenue by any internal tax . " [ 34 ]
Hamilton advocated raising a national militia of 12,000 men and marching them to western Pennsylvania to put down the rebellion .
As Hamilton put it , " Government can never be said to be established until some signal display has manifested its power of military coercion . " [ 35 ]
President Washington was of a like mind , accepting " Hamilton 's premises about the necessity for strict enforcement lest the laws and government itself be undermined , but he was [ also ] cognizant that force would not only need public support but would also have political overtones beyond the simple enforcement of the law . " [ 36 ]
As a result of this conference Supreme Court Justice James Wilson certified on August 4 , 1794 that a state of rebellion existed in western Pennsylvania .
Washington put out the call for 12,950 militia men from the states of New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Maryland and Virginia . [ 37 ]
As Governor Mifflin had predicted , " [ d ] raft resistance was common , " [ 38 ] and even after being enrolled , the desertion rate was high . [ 39 ]
By the time the national army arrived near Pittsburgh , whatever rebellion may have existed had practically disappeared .
" [ P] erhaps as many as 2000 ' rebels ' had fled deeper into the wilderness before the army arrived . " [ 40 ]
An amnesty was declared for those who would swear their loyalty to the government .
Ultimately , about 150 suspects were rounded up and about 20 were transported back to Philadelphia for trial .
Two were ultimately convicted , and then later pardoned . [ 41 ]
Washington " believed ' this event having happened at the time it did , was fortunate ' .
The troops had ' terrified the insurgents , ' and the government had taught its enemies within and without the nation about the spirit and power that bolstered the Union . " [ 42 ]
It was Hamilton who first coined the term " whiskey insurrection . "
In a December 1794 letter he wrote , " Our insurrection is most happily terminated .
Government has gained from it reputation and strength . "
In an earlier letter of late October 1794 he had written that " the insurrection will do us a great deal of good and add to the solidity of everything in this country . " [ 43 ]
If Hamilton learned any lesson from the Whiskey rebellion it was that it was best for the government to never employ an inadequate force in subduing its opponents .
" ' Tis far better to err on the other side .
Whenever the government appears in arms , it ought to appear like Hercules and inspire respect by display of strength . " [ 44 ]
In retrospect , this was certainly the case .
" President Washington raised more troops to put down the Whiskey Rebellion than were ever used to fight the Indians on the frontier and more than any force he had commanded in the American Revolution . " [ 45 ]
The main purpose of raising and marching an army to western Pennsylvania was to demonstrate that the federal government was a permanent and secure fixture in the American political environment .
It was successful in the sense that it showed the federal government could flex its military muscle hundreds of miles distant from its center of power , but it failed to insure the collection of the excise tax , for in fact , nonpayment of the tax continued for years after the insurrection was suppressed . [ 46 ] .
This exercise of national power at the time of the Whiskey Rebellion represents a number of " firsts . "
It " marked the first time that the federal government used military force to exert its authority [ directly ] over the nation 's citizens . " [ 47 ]
It was also the first time that a sitting president personally commanded the military in the field .
The Whiskey Rebellion also marked the first time anyone in the United States was arrested and tried for treason in the federal courts .
" These trials established the precedent that armed opposition to the execution of a United States statute was equal to ' levying war ' against the United States and thus was within the constitutional definition of treason . " [ 48 ]
The Whiskey Rebellion also clearly demonstrated the nature of limited , constitutional government .
As Albert Jay Nock and Walter Lippmann pointed out , the American revolutionaries wanted to separate themselves from the British empire so they could assume the powers hitherto exercised by the English Parliament .
The evidence is clear : the heroes of the American revolution and the Founding Fathers opposed the Stamp
Act when they were out of power , but supported the whiskey tax when they were in power .
Even most frontiersmen and whiskey rebels were n't against taxes , per se . [ 49 ]
They had a long history of willingly paying direct land taxes , and simply wanted to lessen their own tax burden by shifting it to the merchants and " large - scale speculator [s ] in western lands " . [ 50 ]
The Federal Constitution gave Congress " the unlimited ' power to lay and collect taxes , duties , imposts and excises ' .
...
The taxing authority of the ... national government ... was no less , and was certainly designed to be even greater , than anything attempted by the British government during the 1760s and 1770s . " [ 51 ]
During the debates over the Constitution , critics pointed out that " the collection of taxes would be enforced ... by [ a ] standing army . "
" William Goudy of North Carolina feared that the taxation clause of the proposed Constitution ' will totally destroy our liberties ' . " [ 52 ]
Thus , it was with some justice that the Scottish poet , Robert Burns , wrote that freedom and whiskey hang together .
Taxation is the linchpin of every government .
Without the revenue provided by taxation a government could not recruit , field , and pay its soldiers ; without soldiers a government could not enforce its laws .
The problem of governance under the new constitution was certainly a many nuanced one .
As the Voluntaryist Statement of Purpose points out , " governments must cloak their actions in an aura of moral legitimacy in order to sustain their power , " and the early American politicians certainly understood , recognized , and acted on this insight .
The necessity for and the widespread use of force by a government is indicative of its unwilling acceptance by those over whom it rules .
" The application of force tells us that many people " will not willingly comply with the law . [ 53 ]
As George Smith observed : the more force , the less legitimacy ; the more voluntary compliance , the less need for force , and the higher the legitimacy level of a given government .
The lessons of the Whiskey Rebellion for the voluntaryist are numerous .
First , we must recognize the damaging effects that arise from the government 's initiation of force in the conduct of otherwise benign human affairs .
Secondly , we see that we must delegitimize the State through education ; that violence must not be used to oppose state violence ( because the resort to violence only gives the State an excuse to use its armed forces ) .
Finally , we must see that the strength of a free citizenry is not in how many guns it possesses , but in its collective determination to resist .
Opponents of the State must have faith in their fellow human beings - that they will not let them stand alone against the physical force of government ; that they will stand together and risk individual physical injury in order to prevent collective injury to their social freedoms . [ 54 ]
End Notes
[ 1 ] Jerry A. Clouse , THE WHISKEY REBELLION : SOUTHWESTERN PENNSYLVANIA'S FRONTIER PEOPLE TEST THE CONSTITUTION , Harrisburg : Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission , 1994 , p. 19 .
For a complete chronology of the Whiskey Rebellion see Steven R. Boyd ( ed. ) , THE WHISKEY REBELLION : Past and Present Perspectives , Westport : Greenwood Press , 1985 , pp. xi-xii .
[ 2 ] Carl Watner , " Forfeiture Laws : A Reminder from the Past , " Whole Number 68 , THE VOLUNTARYIST ( June 1994 ) , p. 6 .
Also see Forrest Carter , " George Washington and the Whiskey Tax , " Whole Number 72 , THE VOLUNTARYIST ( February 1995 ) , p. 2 ( being from Chapter 3 of THE EDUCATION OF LITTLE TREE [ 1976 ] ) .
Also see the comments by Joseph Earl Dabney reprinted in THE VOLUNTARYIST , Whole Number 111 ( Fourth Quarter 2001 ) , pp. 2 - 3 excerpted from his book MOUNTAIN SPIRITS , Asheville : Bright Mountain Books , 1974 , p. xvi .
[ 3 ] Mary K. Bonsteel Tachau , " The Whiskey Rebellion in Kentucky : A Forgotten Episode of Civil Disobedience , " 2 JOURNAL OF THE EARLY AMERICAN REPUBLIC ( 1982 ) , pp. 239-259 .
[ 4 ] ibid. , pp. 239-240 .
[ 5 ] John McGuffin , IN PRAISE OF POTEEN , Belfast : Appletree Press , 1999 , p. 11 .
[ 6 ] William D. Barber , " ' Among the Most Techy Articles of Civil Police ' : Federal Taxation and the Adoption of the Whiskey Tax , " 25 WILLIAM AND MARY QUARTERLY ( 1968 ) , pp. 58 - 84 at p. 60 .
[ 7 ]
The title for this article was taken from the last stanza of Robert Burns ' poem , " The Author 's Earnest Cry and Prayer " to the Right Honourable and Honourable Scotch Representatives in the House of Commons , 1786 .
My thanks to Jim Russell for commenting on this article and pointing out that " The Scots , being stubborn , refuse to this day to spell whiskey correctly . "
The subtitle of this article was found in Todd A Estes , LIBERTY AND ORDER : REVOLUTIONARY DEMOCRACY AND THE PROBLEM OF GOVERNANCE IN THE EARLY AMERICAN REPUBLIC , Ph.D. dissertation , University of Kentucky , 1995 .
[ 8 ] Townsend Ward , " The Insurrection in the Year 1794 ... "
6 MEMOIRS OF THE HISTORICAL SOCIETY OF PENNSYLVANIA ( 1858 ) , pp. 110-126 at p. 126 .
[ 9 ]
Ronald Hoffman , " The ' Disaffected ' in the Revolutionary South , " in Alfred F. Young , THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION , DeKalb : Northern Illinois University Press , 1976 , pp. 273-316 at p. 292 .
[ 10 ] Tachau , op . cit. , p. 242 .
[ 11 ] ibid. , pp. 244 and 252 .
[ 12 ] Henry G. Crowgey , KENTUCKY BOURBON : THE EARLY YEARS OF WHISKEYMAKING , Lexington : The University Press of Kentucky , 1971 , pp. 96-97 .
[ 13 ]
Clouse , op .
cit. , p. 13 .
[ 14 ]
Lemuel Molovinsky , " Tax Collection Problems in Revolutionary Pennsylvania , " 47 PENNSYLVANIA HISTORY ( 1980 ) , pp. 253-259 at p. 255 .
[ 15 ] Thomas P. Slaughter , THE WHISKEY REBELLION , New York : Oxford University Press , 1986 .
First issued as an Oxford paperback , 1988 , p. 120 .
[ 16 ] ibid .
[ 17 ] ibid. , p. 151 .
[ 18 ] ibid. , p. 153 .
[ 19 ] ibid. , p. 117 .
[ 20 ] ibid. , p. 209 .
[ 21 ] Richard H. Kohn , EAGLE AND SWORD : The Federalists and the Creation of the Military Establishment in America , 1783 - 1802 , New York : The Free Press , 1975 , p. 282 .
[ 22 ]
Clouse , op .
cit. , p. 20 .
[ 23 ] ibid. , p. 38 .
[ 24 ]
Slaughter , op .
cit. , p. 123 .
[ 25 ]
Kohn , op .
cit. , p. 163 .
[ 26 ] ibid. , p. 164 .
[ 27 ] ibid. , p. 272 .
[ 28 ]
Slaughter , op .
cit. , p. 122 .
[ 29 ] ibid. , p. 123 .
[ 30 ] ibid. , p. 119 .
[ 31 ] ibid. , p. 121 .
[ 32 ] ibid. , pp. 163-164 .
[ 33 ] Richard H. Kohn , " The Washington Administration 's Decision to Crush the Whiskey Rebellion , " 59 JOURNAL OF AMERICAN HISTORY ( 1972 ) , pp. 567-584 at p. 571 .
[ 34 ]
Slaughter , op .
cit. , p. 193 .
[ 35 ]
Kohn , op .
cit. , p. 583 .
[ 36 ] ibid. , p. 571 .
[ 37 ]
Slaughter , op .
cit. , p. 212 .
[ 38 ] ibid .
[ 39 ] ibid. , p. 214 .
Also see the comments of Kevin Barksdale , " Our Rebellious Neighbors , " 111 THE VIRGINIA MAGAZINE OF HISTORY AND BIOGRAPHY ( 2003 ) , pp. 5 - 31 at p. 22 .
[ 40 ] ibid. , p. 218 .
[ 41 ] ibid. , p. 220 .
[ 42 ] ibid .
[ 43 ] William Hogeland , THE WHISKEY REBELLION , New York : Scribner , 2006 , p. 276 .
[ 44 ]
Paul Douglas Newman , " Fries 's Rebellion and American Political Culture , 1798 - 1800 , 119 THE PENNSYLVANIA MAGAZINE OF HISTORY & BIOGRAPHY ( 1995 ) , pp. 37-73 at p. 65 .
[ 45 ]
Clouse , op .
cit. , p. 9 .
[ 46 ]
Slaughter , op .
cit. , p. 226 . Also see Mary K. Bonsteel Tachau , " A New Look at the Whiskey Rebellion , " in Steven R. Boyd ( ed. ) , THE WHISKEY REBELLION : Past and Present Perspectives , Westport : Greenwood Press , 1985 , pp. 97-118 at p. 99 .
[ 47 ] " Whiskey Rebellion , " " Consequences " in
[ 48 ]
Clouse , op .
cit. , p. 41 .
[ 49 ]
Hogeland , op .
cit. , p. 8 .
[ 50 ] Slaughter , op .
cit. , pp. 140 and 202 .
[ 51 ] Thomas P. Slaughter , " The Tax Man Cometh : Ideological Opposition to Internal Taxes , 1760 - 1790 , " 41 WILLIAM AND MARY QUARTERLY ( 1984 ) , p. 566-591 at pp. 584-585 .
[ 52 ] ibid. , p. 585 .
[ 53 ] William J. Goode , " Presidential Address : The Place of Force in Human Society , " 37 AMERICAN SOCIOLOGICAL REVIEW ( October 1972 ) pp. 507-519 at pp. 511-518 .
Excerpts reprinted in THE VOLUNTARYIST , Whole Number 79 , April 1996 , pp. 2 - 3 .
[ 54 ] ibid .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Newer News
Throughout much of the 18th Century , vast stretches of the American frontier " were left without the slightest " trace of government authority . [ 9 ]
To the American frontiersman , London might as well have been in another universe , and the new capitol of the United States , Philadelphia , on another continent .
Central government could be safely ignored .
Other than attempting to deliver the mail , it had practically no presence on the frontier .
It offered little protection from the Indians .
In 1791 , while Kentucky was still officially part of Virginia , " it was difficult to organize a tax collection system " because tax collectors resigned just about as fast as new ones could be appointed . [ 10 ]
Most Kentuckians viewed the excise law as so odious that between 1792 and 1796 , no lawyer could be found to represent the federal government and prosecute those who failed to pay their whiskey excise . [ 11 ]
Even the governor of the state refused to pay . [ 12 ]
The frontier regions west of the Allegheny mountains had a long history of ignoring governmental authority .
During the 1760s , Governor John Penn of Pennsylvania had referred to his western citizens as a " lawless ungovernable crew . " [ 13 ]
After the start of the American Revolution , David Rittenhouse , treasurer of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , stated that " adversaries of the Pennsylvania government were loath to pay taxes . "
He predicted that the likely consequence of non-payment would be " the early demise of the state . " [ 14 ]
Other frontier areas had their own backlash against state and colonial government .
In the early 1770s , North Carolina regulators attacked their local courts , and the same thing had occurred in western Massachusetts during Shay 's Rebellion of 1786 - 1787 .
There , the local state authorities had suppressed the disorder .
The case of western Pennsylvania was only different in the sense that it was in closer geographic proximity to federal officials in Philadelphia , and thus a direct and " embarrassing challenge to [ their ] authority . " [ 15 ]
Hamilton and Washington chose to crush resistance to the federal excise in western Pennsylvania , not only because it was closer to them , but because it would be less expensive than sending troops to North or South Carolina , or Kentucky .
As Hamilton observed , " Crush resistance at the most vulnerable point and the more remote regions will fall into line . " [ 16 ]
Unlike the situation in Kentucky , there were politicians in western Pennsylvania who were willing to serve the federal government and collect the excise .
Pennsylvania Congressman William Findley explained this distinction to Governor Mifflin of Pennsylvania in 1792 . " '
It is well known , ' Findley reported , ' that in some counties , as well of Virginia as of Pennsylvania , men have not , and cannot be induced by any consideration to accept of the excise offices .
In those counties there have been no riots nor threatening resolutions ; but this arises from the perfect unanimity which subsists in the dislike to the law ' . " [ 17 ]
However in western Pennsylvania , the Treasury repeatedly pressed the issue of collection and found John Neville , a well - known state official to represent the federal government .
Neville was wealthy by local standards and had originally opposed the federal excise tax when he " was a member of the Pennsylvania assembly when that body adopted a resolution condemning the tax in 1791 . "
When he later was appointed to the office of excise inspector , his neighbors thought that he " was giving up his principles for a bribe and bartering the confidence they had in him for " a federal salary .
" He became a catalyst for mounting opposition to the law . " [ 18 ]
Although all the key political players in the decision to snuff out the Whiskey rebellion were Federalists and supporters of a strong central American government , there were some differences among them as to how government force was to be used .
The general Federalist outlook was that any opposition to the whiskey excise was a challenge " to the very roots of authority and order . " [ 19 ]
Federalists believed that every good government " must provide for its own security and preservation , " [ 20 ] and they saw " a permanent standing army " as a way " to coerce the people and silence them into obedience to authority . " [ 21 ]
President Washington took opposition to the nation 's law as a personal affront to himself .
" He felt that the excise was a just law , " and he viewed any opposition to it as " equivalent to advocating separation from the union , ' the most dreadful of all calamities ' . " [ 22 ]
Washington certainly " exemplified the Federalist belief that a display of force was necessary " not only to subdue the rebels , but to show the world that his government was committed to a lasting union " of the states . [ 23 ]
In early September 1792 , Alexander Hamilton urged President Washington to issue a public proclamation taking a strong stand on the patriotic necessity of paying the excise .
As Edmund Randolph , the United States Attorney General ( 1789 - 1794 ) , pointed out , the enforcement of the excise law was " a delicate problem with potentially wide - ranging ramifications . " [ 24 ]
The federal government had no soldiers of its own .
It had to rely on state militiamen to enforce its laws .
Governor Mifflin of Pennsylvania , a Republican , hesitated to commit his state 's militia , " and he argued heatedly that out of hatred for the excise , unwillingness to march on fellow citizens , or desire to avoid a long expedition , large numbers of [ his ] militia might ignore his orders . " [ 25 ]
Instead of sending an army after the resisters , Randolph advocated the use of the civil courts by indicting the tax evaders and trying them in the regular courts .
Only if that failed , would he consent to calling out the militia to enforce the law . [ 26 ]
In contrast to Hamilton , Randolph argued " The strength of a government is the affection of [ its ] people , " not their fear of its army . [ 27 ]
President Washington took the position that military force was only to be used as a last resort .
His Anti-federalist opponents had adopted the Whig opposition to standing armies .
" [ O ] therwise there would be a cry at once , ' The cat is let out ; we now see for what purpose an army was raised ' . "
Washington feared that the use of troops to enforce the law would shift the public argument from the question of law enforcement to the question of standing armies . [ 28 ]
In its final version , the presidential proclamation of September 15 , 1792 was issued as a public broadside and published in the leading newspapers .
" It decried all actions ' tending to obstruct the operation of the laws of the United States for raising a revenue upon [ distilled ] spirits ... subversive of good order , contrary to the duty that every citizen owes his country and to the laws , and of a nature dangerous to the very being of government ' . "
Washington warned all opponents of the government and its excise that they " would be dealt with harshly . " [ 29 ]
Of all the participants in the discussions about how to enforce the law , Alexander Hamilton was , from the beginning , the most militant .
He had originally conceived the idea of the whiskey tax as part of his plan to fund the revolutionary war debt , and as early as July 1792 , he had advocated proceeding against the non-payers in western North Carolina .
He was dissuaded from this idea by Chief Justice of the Supreme Court , John Jay , who warned that nothing could be worse for the new federal government than a military humiliation at the hands of tax rebels .
" No strong declarations should be made unless there be ability and disposition to follow them with strong measures . " [ 30 ]
Nevertheless , Hamilton feared that " if forceful action was not taken ' the spirit of disobedience ... [ would ] naturally extend and the authority of the government will be prostrate ' . " [ 31 ]
During the two years following the issuance of the federal proclamation little progress was made in satisfying the concerns of the excise resisters .
In February 1794 , President Washington received , what he perceived to be a treasonous petition of grievances against the national government sent by the members of the Mingo Creek Society in Washington County , Pennsylvania . [ 32 ]
They sought free navigation of the Mississippi River , government protection from the Indians , and relief from the excise .
The following month , John Neville , their regional supervisor for the collection of the excise , was accosted .
In July , his house was surrounded and fired upon by a crowd of fifty men .
The next day it was torched by a mob of over 400 .
Several men were killed , but Neville escaped .
When this news reached President Washington and Secretary of the Treasury Hamilton in Philadelphia , they conferred with other officials .
At a conference on August 2 , 1794 , Hamilton told the representatives of the Pennsylvania state government that the moment of crisis had arrived . [ 33 ]
" The immediate question , " he concluded , was " whether the government of the Untied States shall ever raise revenue by any internal tax . " [ 34 ]
Hamilton advocated raising a national militia of 12,000 men and marching them to western Pennsylvania to put down the rebellion .
As Hamilton put it , " Government can never be said to be established until some signal display has manifested its power of military coercion . " [ 35 ]
President Washington was of a like mind , accepting " Hamilton 's premises about the necessity for strict enforcement lest the laws and government itself be undermined , but he was [ also ] cognizant that force would not only need public support but would also have political overtones beyond the simple enforcement of the law . " [ 36 ]
As a result of this conference Supreme Court Justice James Wilson certified on August 4 , 1794 that a state of rebellion existed in western Pennsylvania .
Washington put out the call for 12,950 militia men from the states of New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Maryland and Virginia . [ 37 ]
As Governor Mifflin had predicted , " [ d ] raft resistance was common , " [ 38 ] and even after being enrolled , the desertion rate was high . [ 39 ]
By the time the national army arrived near Pittsburgh , whatever rebellion may have existed had practically disappeared .
" [ P] erhaps as many as 2000 ' rebels ' had fled deeper into the wilderness before the army arrived . " [ 40 ]
An amnesty was declared for those who would swear their loyalty to the government .
Ultimately , about 150 suspects were rounded up and about 20 were transported back to Philadelphia for trial .
Two were ultimately convicted , and then later pardoned . [ 41 ]
Washington " believed ' this event having happened at the time it did , was fortunate ' .
The troops had ' terrified the insurgents , ' and the government had taught its enemies within and without the nation about the spirit and power that bolstered the Union . " [ 42 ]
It was Hamilton who first coined the term " whiskey insurrection . "
In a December 1794 letter he wrote , " Our insurrection is most happily terminated .
Government has gained from it reputation and strength . "
In an earlier letter of late October 1794 he had written that " the insurrection will do us a great deal of good and add to the solidity of everything in this country . " [ 43 ]
If Hamilton learned any lesson from the Whiskey rebellion it was that it was best for the government to never employ an inadequate force in subduing its opponents .
" ' Tis far better to err on the other side .
Whenever the government appears in arms , it ought to appear like Hercules and inspire respect by display of strength . " [ 44 ]
In retrospect , this was certainly the case .
" President Washington raised more troops to put down the Whiskey Rebellion than were ever used to fight the Indians on the frontier and more than any force he had commanded in the American Revolution . " [ 45 ]
The main purpose of raising and marching an army to western Pennsylvania was to demonstrate that the federal government was a permanent and secure fixture in the American political environment .
It was successful in the sense that it showed the federal government could flex its military muscle hundreds of miles distant from its center of power , but it failed to insure the collection of the excise tax , for in fact , nonpayment of the tax continued for years after the insurrection was suppressed . [ 46 ] .
This exercise of national power at the time of the Whiskey Rebellion represents a number of " firsts . "
It " marked the first time that the federal government used military force to exert its authority [ directly ] over the nation 's citizens . " [ 47 ]
It was also the first time that a sitting president personally commanded the military in the field .
The Whiskey Rebellion also marked the first time anyone in the United States was arrested and tried for treason in the federal courts .
" These trials established the precedent that armed opposition to the execution of a United States statute was equal to ' levying war ' against the United States and thus was within the constitutional definition of treason . " [ 48 ]
The Whiskey Rebellion also clearly demonstrated the nature of limited , constitutional government .
As Albert Jay Nock and Walter Lippmann pointed out , the American revolutionaries wanted to separate themselves from the British empire so they could assume the powers hitherto exercised by the English Parliament .
The evidence is clear : the heroes of the American revolution and the Founding Fathers opposed the Stamp
Act when they were out of power , but supported the whiskey tax when they were in power .
Even most frontiersmen and whiskey rebels were n't against taxes , per se . [ 49 ]
They had a long history of willingly paying direct land taxes , and simply wanted to lessen their own tax burden by shifting it to the merchants and " large - scale speculator [s ] in western lands " . [ 50 ]
The Federal Constitution gave Congress " the unlimited ' power to lay and collect taxes , duties , imposts and excises ' .
...
The taxing authority of the ... national government ... was no less , and was certainly designed to be even greater , than anything attempted by the British government during the 1760s and 1770s . " [ 51 ]
During the debates over the Constitution , critics pointed out that " the collection of taxes would be enforced ... by [ a ] standing army . "
" William Goudy of North Carolina feared that the taxation clause of the proposed Constitution ' will totally destroy our liberties ' . " [ 52 ]
Thus , it was with some justice that the Scottish poet , Robert Burns , wrote that freedom and whiskey hang together .
Taxation is the linchpin of every government .
Without the revenue provided by taxation a government could not recruit , field , and pay its soldiers ; without soldiers a government could not enforce its laws .
The problem of governance under the new constitution was certainly a many nuanced one .
As the Voluntaryist Statement of Purpose points out , " governments must cloak their actions in an aura of moral legitimacy in order to sustain their power , " and the early American politicians certainly understood , recognized , and acted on this insight .
The necessity for and the widespread use of force by a government is indicative of its unwilling acceptance by those over whom it rules .
" The application of force tells us that many people " will not willingly comply with the law . [ 53 ]
As George Smith observed : the more force , the less legitimacy ; the more voluntary compliance , the less need for force , and the higher the legitimacy level of a given government .
The lessons of the Whiskey Rebellion for the voluntaryist are numerous .
First , we must recognize the damaging effects that arise from the government 's initiation of force in the conduct of otherwise benign human affairs .
Secondly , we see that we must delegitimize the State through education ; that violence must not be used to oppose state violence ( because the resort to violence only gives the State an excuse to use its armed forces ) .
Finally , we must see that the strength of a free citizenry is not in how many guns it possesses , but in its collective determination to resist .
Opponents of the State must have faith in their fellow human beings - that they will not let them stand alone against the physical force of government ; that they will stand together and risk individual physical injury in order to prevent collective injury to their social freedoms . [ 54 ]
End Notes [ 1 ] Jerry A. Clouse , THE WHISKEY REBELLION : SOUTHWESTERN PENNSYLVANIA'S FRONTIER PEOPLE TEST THE CONSTITUTION , Harrisburg : Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission , 1994 , p. 19 .
For a complete chronology of the Whiskey Rebellion see Steven R. Boyd ( ed. ) , THE WHISKEY REBELLION : Past and Present Perspectives , Westport : Greenwood Press , 1985 , pp. xi-xii . [ 2 ]
Carl Watner , " Forfeiture Laws : A Reminder from the Past , " Whole Number 68 , THE VOLUNTARYIST ( June 1994 ) , p. 6 .
Also see Forrest Carter , " George Washington and the Whiskey Tax , " Whole Number 72 , THE VOLUNTARYIST ( February 1995 ) , p. 2 ( being from Chapter 3 of THE EDUCATION OF LITTLE TREE [ 1976 ] ) .
Also see the comments by Joseph Earl Dabney reprinted in THE VOLUNTARYIST , Whole Number 111 ( Fourth Quarter 2001 ) , pp. 2 - 3 excerpted from his book MOUNTAIN SPIRITS , Asheville : Bright Mountain Books , 1974 , p. xvi . [ 3 ]
Mary K. Bonsteel Tachau , " The Whiskey Rebellion in Kentucky : A Forgotten Episode of Civil Disobedience , " 2 JOURNAL OF THE EARLY AMERICAN REPUBLIC ( 1982 ) , pp. 239-259 . [ 4 ] ibid. , pp. 239-240 . [5 ]
John McGuffin , IN PRAISE OF POTEEN , Belfast : Appletree Press , 1999 , p. 11 . [ 6 ]
William D. Barber , " ' Among the Most Techy Articles of Civil Police ' : Federal Taxation and the Adoption of the Whiskey Tax , " 25 WILLIAM AND MARY QUARTERLY ( 1968 ) , pp. 58 - 84 at p. 60 . [ 7 ]
The title for this article was taken from the last stanza of Robert Burns ' poem , " The Author 's Earnest Cry and Prayer " to the Right Honourable and Honourable Scotch Representatives in the House of Commons , 1786 .
My thanks to Jim Russell for commenting on this article and pointing out that " The Scots , being stubborn , refuse to this day to spell whiskey correctly . "
The subtitle of this article was found in Todd A Estes , LIBERTY AND ORDER : REVOLUTIONARY DEMOCRACY AND THE PROBLEM OF GOVERNANCE IN THE EARLY AMERICAN REPUBLIC , Ph.D. dissertation , University of Kentucky , 1995 . [ 8 ]
Townsend Ward , " The Insurrection in the Year 1794 ... " 6 MEMOIRS OF THE HISTORICAL SOCIETY OF PENNSYLVANIA ( 1858 ) , pp. 110-126 at p. 126 . [9 ]
Ronald Hoffman , " The ' Disaffected ' in the Revolutionary South , " in Alfred F. Young , THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION , DeKalb : Northern Illinois University Press , 1976 , pp. 273-316 at p. 292. [ 10 ]
Tachau , op . cit. , p. 242. [ 11 ] ibid. , pp. 244 and 252 . [ 12 ] Henry G. Crowgey , KENTUCKY BOURBON : THE EARLY YEARS OF WHISKEYMAKING , Lexington : The University Press of Kentucky , 1971 , pp. 96-97 . [ 13 ]
Clouse , op . cit. , p. 13 . [ 14 ]
Lemuel Molovinsky , " Tax Collection Problems in Revolutionary Pennsylvania , " 47 PENNSYLVANIA HISTORY ( 1980 ) , pp. 253-259 at p. 255 . [ 15 ]
Thomas P. Slaughter , THE WHISKEY REBELLION , New York : Oxford University Press , 1986 .
First issued as an Oxford paperback , 1988 , p. 120. [ 16 ] ibid. [ 17 ] ibid. , p. 151. [ 18 ] ibid. , p. 153.[ 19 ] ibid. , p. 117.[ 20 ] ibid. , p. 209 . [ 21 ] Richard H. Kohn , EAGLE AND SWORD : The Federalists and the Creation of the Military Establishment in America , 1783 - 1802 , New York : The Free Press , 1975 , p. 282 . [ 22 ]
Clouse , op . cit. , p. 20 .[ 23 ] ibid. , p. 38 . [ 24 ]
Slaughter , op .
cit. , p. 123. [ 25 ]
Kohn , op .
cit. , p. 163. [ 26 ] ibid. , p. 164. [ 27 ] ibid. , p. 272. [ 28 ]
Slaughter , op . cit. , p. 122.[ 29 ] ibid. , p. 123.[30 ] ibid. , p. 119.[ 31 ] ibid. , p. 121.[ 32 ] ibid. , pp. 163-164.[33 ]
Richard H. Kohn , " The Washington Administration 's Decision to Crush the Whiskey Rebellion , " 59 JOURNAL OF AMERICAN HISTORY ( 1972 ) , pp. 567-584 at p. 571. [ 34 ]
Slaughter , op . cit. , p. 193. [ 35 ]
Kohn , op .
cit. , p. 583.[ 36 ] ibid. , p. 571. [ 37 ]
Slaughter , op . cit. , p. 212.[ 38 ] ibid.[ 39 ] ibid. , p. 214 .
Also see the comments of Kevin Barksdale , " Our Rebellious Neighbors , " 111 THE VIRGINIA MAGAZINE OF HISTORY AND BIOGRAPHY ( 2003 ) , pp. 5 - 31 at p. 22.[ 40 ] ibid. , p. 218.[ 41 ] ibid. , p. 220. [ 42 ] ibid . [ 43 ] William Hogeland , THE WHISKEY REBELLION , New York : Scribner , 2006 , p. 276 . [ 44 ]
Paul Douglas Newman , " Fries 's Rebellion and American Political Culture , 1798 - 1800 , 119 THE PENNSYLVANIA MAGAZINE OF HISTORY & BIOGRAPHY ( 1995 ) , pp. 37-73 at p. 65 . [ 45 ]
Clouse , op .
cit. , p. 9 . [ 46 ]
Slaughter , op .
cit. , p. 226 . Also see Mary K. Bonsteel Tachau , " A New Look at the Whiskey Rebellion , " in Steven R. Boyd ( ed. ) , THE WHISKEY REBELLION : Past and Present Perspectives , Westport : Greenwood Press , 1985 , pp. 97-118 at p. 99 . [ 47 ] " Whiskey Rebellion , " " Consequences " in www.wikipedia.org [ 48 ]
Clouse , op . cit. , p. 41 . [ 49 ]
Hogeland , op . cit. , p. 8 . [ 50 ] Slaughter , op . cit. , pp. 140 and 202 . [ 51 ]
Thomas P. Slaughter , " The Tax Man Cometh : Ideological Opposition to Internal Taxes , 1760 - 1790 , " 41 WILLIAM AND MARY QUARTERLY ( 1984 ) , p. 566-591 at pp. 584-585.[ 52 ] ibid. , p. 585 . [ 53 ] William J. Goode , " Presidential Address : The Place of Force in Human Society , " 37 AMERICAN SOCIOLOGICAL REVIEW ( October 1972 ) pp. 507-519 at pp. 511-518 .
Excerpts reprinted in THE VOLUNTARYIST , Whole Number 79 , April 1996 , pp. 2 - 3. [ 54 ] ibid.
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Sunday 11 January 2009 - 15:08:56 - Permalink " Freedom an ' whisky gang thegither " :
The Problem of Governance in the Early American RepublicBy Carl WatnerImagine that you were the leader of a revolutionary government that had recently and successfully wrested power from its parent country .
Imagine that some of your citizens refused to obey the laws that you and your legislature had promulgated .
What would you do ?
Would you ignore their disobedience ; or would you send the police and army after them ?
How would you assert your authority , and maintain the power and legitimacy of your government ?
Such a situation faced President George Washington and Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton after Congress passed a federal revenue law on March 3 , 1791 . [ 1 ]
How they responded to this and other early threats to their power illustrates that even newly - founded and limited governments , so - called , share the same predicament as established States .
They must collect their revenues regardless of the cost .
If they fail to suppress disobedience , they will only be faced with more disobedience , with the end result being an ultimate challenge to their existence .
Over the years , I have published articles describing the western Pennsylvania Whiskey Rebellion of 1794 .
My purpose in those articles has generally been to demonstrate that our early American government has always had , and always exercised , its sovereign power to tax and seize the property or body of anyone refusing to pay their taxes . [ 2 ]
What recently renewed my interest in the topic was reading an article on civil disobedience in the Kentucky territory during the same era . [ 3 ]
As it turns out , resistance to payment of the federal excise tax on whiskey was widespread in all American frontier areas , from northern New York to southern Georgia .
Furthermore , as Mary Tachau , author of this study , observes ; until recently " this remarkable story of tax evasion " has experienced a near historical blackout and cover-up . [ 4 ]
Resistance to the excise was part and parcel of the frontiersman 's British heritage and tradition .
The inhabitants of the British Isles , especially Irishmen , had distilled their own whiskey for centuries .
When a levy on spirits in Ireland was introduced in 1661 , " it was totally ignored . " [ 5 ]
Englishmen , too , developed a " hearty dislike " for excise taxes . [ 6 ]
In the era before modern science , whiskey was valued not only for its intoxicating effects , but for its use as an anesthetic , antiseptic , and common everyday medicine .
To the frontier farmer , distilling was not only a natural birthright , but a condition necessary to his economic survival .
It was practically the only way to convert his grain into ready money , by transporting it over the mountains to where there was a cash market for his brew .
As far as the American frontiersman was concerned , his whiskey and freedom hung together . [ 7 ]
He owned the seed grain , he owned the land , he labored to harvest the crop , and he used his own equipment to distill the brew .
Whose property had he violated ; whom had he hurt ; and was there any identifiable party to whom he owed money for the right to do as he pleased ?
" To convert [ his ] grain into spirits was considered to be as [ much ] a natural right as to convert grain into flour " for his bread .
Why should he be subject to a duty for drinking his grain , rather than eating it ? [ 8 ]
View the original discussion at Overcoming Bias , or download Lob 's Theorem as PDF .
This document is ©2008 by Eliezer Yudkowsky and free under the Creative Commons Attribution - No Derivative Works 3.0 License for copying and distribution , so long as the work is attributed and the text is unaltered .
Eliezer Yudkowsky 's work is supported by the Machine Intelligence Research Institute .
If you think the world could use some more rationality , consider blogging this page .
Praise , condemnation , and feedback are always welcome .
The web address of this page is http://yudkowsky.net/rational/lobs-theorem/ .
A day after being elected president and acknowledging “ the worst financial crisis in a century , ” Barack Obama asked one of the biggest recipients of Wall Street campaign contributions to be his chief of staff .
Rep. Rahm Emanuel , the Illinois congressman who was an aide in the Clinton White House , was the top House recipient in the 2008 election cycle of contributions from hedge funds , private equity firms and the larger securities / investment industry –not the most popular of industries in the current economy .
Since being elected to Congress in 2002 , after working as an investment banker , Emanuel has received more money from individuals and PACs in the securities and investment business than any other industry .
Emanuel knows how to raise money for political campaigns , and there are n’t many better places to find it than Wall Street .
Fundraising was Emanuel ’s job for Bill Clinton ’s 1992 campaign , and in 2006 he helped Democrats collect enough cash to retake the House of Representatives when he was head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee .
For his 2008 re-election , Emanuel raised more than $ 2.7 million yet faced no serious opposition in his Chicago district .
Since being elected to the House six years ago , he has collected $ 1.5 million from the investment industry , with lawyers and law firms and the entertainment industry coming in at a distant second and third place ( $ 682,900 and $ 376,100 ) .
As a member of the powerful House Ways & Means Committee–which has jurisdiction over tax legislation , Social Security , Medicare and other entitlement programs –Emanuel is a popular industry target .
Private equity firm Madison Dearborn Partners has given Emanuel more than any other contributor over his career at $ 93,600 .
Emanuel and Obama have more than just Chicago in common ; investment bank UBS , Goldman Sachs , JP Morgan Chase , Citigroup and Morgan Stanley are among both men ’s lists of top donors .
Emanuel , who is currently the No. 4 Democrat in the House , has also collected $ 136,640 from the lobbying industry during his career , making K Street his 13th most generous industry .
Obama , on the other hand , eschewed contributions from registered lobbyists for the presidential race .
Obama also refused contributions from PACs , an easy task when only about 1 percent of presidential contributions come from these committees .
PACs have given Emanuel about 29 percent of his total since he was first elected to Congress in 2002 .
During his time in Congress , Obama has collected $ 2,000 from Emanuel ’s leadership PAC , Our Common Values PAC , but has n’t received any money from his possible future chief of staff since 2004 .
Through his PAC , Emanuel has given other lawmakers and candidates 78 percent of the total $ 2.3 million he ’s raised since the 2004 election cycle .
Emanuel was an investment banker between the Clinton administration and his election to Congress and reported a net worth in 2007 of between $ 5 million and $ 13.2 million ( lawmakers report their assets and liabilities in ranges ) .
That would make him the 34th wealthiest member of the House .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Anthony Gregory
After Downing Street
January 20 , 2009
The Supreme Court has recently watered down the exclusionary rule in a decision that has affirmed a conviction even where there was a bad warrant and faulty arrest .
Now evidence obtained through negligence will be admissable , meaning that police have less reason to be careful in their investigations , searches and arrests .
The exclusionary rule is not included explicitly in the Fourth Amendment , but it is one of the few ways the amendment has any teeth .
If there are no consequences for prosecution when police trample on our rights to be free from unreasonable search and seizure , police can be expected to face less pressure from district attorneys to obey Constitutional limits on their searches .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
It might offend our sense of justice to see criminals get away , despite clear proof of their guilt , simply because of a police error .
But this is true not only of negligent searches but ones where the police break down doors knowing full well they have no legal right to .
The exclusionary rule is an important check on the abuse of state power , and although it lets the occasional guilty party off , it has given the innocent a deal of protection from arbitrary violations of their privacy .
Ideally , guilt or innocence would be all that matters , but in the real world , we need checks and balances in the criminal justice system just as we do in the relations among the different branches of government .
Furthermore , many if not most criminal justice activity is conducted over victimless crimes such as drug offenses .
Programs like the drug war , where there are no victims to complain and testify about the crime , are very difficult to implement when full constitutional civil liberties are honored .
Thus , those who want to erect a police state and carry out such crusades against such offenses need to favor erosions of the Bill of Rights just to see their program work anywhere nearly as well as laws against murder , theft , rape and real crimes against person and property , which are easier to enforce than victimless crime laws in a free society .
For all these reasons , any envervation of the exclusionary rule should be seen in the same light as measures that compromise the other traditional safeguards enjoyed by the defense , such as the trial by jury , freedom from self - incrimination , the right to confront the accuser and so forth .
In any of these cases , we might lament that the guilty gets an advantage , but such advantages are necessary to preserve a free society and to protect the rights of the innocent .
This is an unsettling Court decision .
While Obama represents an executive , legislative and judicial philosophy quite at odds with liberty , one silver lining of his administration might be new judges who , at least on these issues , are effectively more protective of freedom and civil society than are their conservative counterparts .
On the other hand , Eric Holder , while rhetorically better on some important issues like torture than Republicans like Ashcroft , Gonzales and Mukasey , has shown himself to be no friend of the rights of accused as well as of other constitutional rights like the 2nd Amendment , as David Theroux notes below .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
In a discouraging signal of the incoming administration 's attitude toward Islamist lobby groups , Barack Obama 's inaugural committee has announced that Islamic Society of North America ( ISNA ) president Ingrid Mattson will participate in a January 21 prayer service at the National Cathedral .
Though the event aims to promote " tolerance , unity , and understanding , " ISNA goes zero for three in these categories .
Excellent critiques of Mattson have been offered by Win Myers and Robert Spencer ; the following is a primer on the organization she heads .
Founded in 1981 as an offshoot of the Saudi - backed Muslim Students Association , ISNA is the largest Muslim group in the U.S. Furthermore , its subsidiary , the North American Islamic Trust ( NAIT ) , holds the deeds to many of the country 's mosques , which gives ISNA a powerful role in shaping the tone of Islam being preached there .
Because that tone often reflects the Wahhabi worldview , Islamic scholar Stephen Schwartz describes ISNA as " one of the chief conduits through which the radical Saudi form of Islam passes into the United States . "
The group 's conventions proceed along the same lines .
Terrorism expert Steven Emerson has noted that one year after 9/11 — and back when Mattson was the organization 's vice president — " speakers at ISNA 's annual conference still refused to acknowledge bin Laden 's role in the terrorist attacks . "
In addition , ISNA once extended an invitation to extremist cleric Yusuf al - Qaradawi , who supports suicide bombings and justifies the execution of homosexuals .
The Muslim Brotherhood , which seeks global Islamic rule under a new caliph , recognizes ISNA 's place in this master plan .
In a 1991 document , the Brotherhood identifies ISNA as one of its allies that can help Muslims " understand that their work in America is a kind of grand jihad in eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within and ' sabotaging ' its miserable house by their hands , " thus clearing the way for Islam 's ascendancy .
The U.S. government listed ISNA as an unindicted co-conspirator in the recent trial and retrial of the Holy Land Foundation ( HLF ) , a charity charged with covertly funding Hamas .
Last November the defendants were convicted of all 108 counts .
Prosecutors rejected ISNA 's request to have the designation removed , citing " evidence establishing both ISNA 's and NAIT 's intimate relationship with the Muslim Brotherhood … and the defendants . …
They were intimately connected with the HLF and its assigned task of providing financial support to Hamas . "
Obama 's team might excuse its invitation to Mattson by pointing out that its predecessor likewise had friendly dealings with ISNA .
Indeed , the record of the Bush White House is nothing to brag about in this regard .
During the Bush years , senior State Department officials addressed ISNA 's conventions and heaped praise upon Mattson in particular ; the group also was permitted to exert influence in the Pentagon .
But after campaigning on the promise of change , Obama has picked an exceedingly poor area in which to stay the course .
Could a pill stop smoking from being a health hazard ?
( Image : Etienne Ansotte / Rex Features )
A pill that could mitigate some of the negative health effects of smoking is a step closer to reality .
Researchers have identified 28 molecules that are produced in abnormal amounts in cells lining the airways of smokers .
If the levels of these molecules could be restored to that of non-smokers it might allow chronic smokers who have been unable to quit to improve their health prospects .
It might also enable people to smoke without significant damage to their health .
Avrum Spira at Boston University School of Medicine and his colleagues took samples of cells from the airways of 10 smokers and 10 non-smokers and identified 28 microRNAs – molecules that control the expression of whole networks of related genes – that were perturbed in the smokers .
Advertisement
“ These microRNAs serve to regulate the gene expression changes occurring in people who smoke and who get smoking related diseases , including cancer , ” says Spira .
One of these microRNAs , called mir-218 , appears to control a group of genes that usually protect lung and airway cells from the oxidative damage caused by smoke .
“ We think the level of activity [ of mir -218 ] is crucial in how a smoker defends his or herself against injury and potential development of lung disease . ”
Other microRNAs identified help to regulate the proliferation and growth of airway cells .
Damage test
Giving supplements of mir-218 to smokers , or developing a drug that restores levels of disrupted microRNAs to normal could mitigate some of the damaging effects of smoke .
“ We might be able to alter the host ’s response to tobacco smoke so that it is a protective one , ” says Spira .
A test could also be developed that tells smokers how much damage they are doing to their lungs .
In the current study , cells were taken from volunteers airways using a small brush attached to a flexible plastic tube – although Spira says that cells lining the mouth and nose may display similar changes in response to smoke .
“ We could use these epithelial cells as a kind of canary in the goldmine to tell us what is going on deeper in the lungs , ” he says .
“ Based on the activity of these microRNAs , we could potentially decide whether someone is responding appropriately or not to the toxin , and is therefore at higher risk of developing disease further down the road . ”
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Science ( DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0806383106 )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Tourism officials in Australia have been inundated with applications for what they have described as " the best job in the world " .
A website set up to accept applications crashed after receiving more than one million hits in three days .
The job , on a tropical island , requires no formal qualifications except being willing to swim , snorkel , and sail .
In return the successful applicant will receive a salary of A$ 150,000 ( $ 103,000 ; £ 70,000 ) for six months .
They will also get to live rent - free in a three - bedroom villa , complete with pool .
The post , advertised as " caretaker " on Hamilton Island in Australia 's Whitsunday Islands , has already attracted so much interest the tourism department has had to upgrade from one server to 10 .
The chief executive officer of Tourism Queensland said he was overwhelmed by the response .
" Oh boy , what have we done ? " he joked after the high volume of traffic saw the site crash briefly earlier in the week .
Inundated
The new recruit will work for just 12 hours a month .
Duties include feeding some of the hundreds of species of fish and collecting the island 's mail .
They will also need to produce a blog , a photo diary and video updates to attract tourists to the area .
GREAT BARRIER REEF
World 's largest coral reef system 1,600 miles long 2,900 individual reefs 400 species of coral 2,000 + different fish species Source : BBC Science & Nature
Over 2,000 video applications have already been received , and today a team of 10 people will start sifting through them .
Tens of thousands more are expected before the February 22 deadline .
Hamilton Island , where the temperature is warm all year round , is the largest inhabited island in the region .
It boasts blue skies , crystal water and pure sands .
In May , 10 shortlisted candidates and one wildcard , voted for by visitors to the Tourism Queensland website , will be invited to the islands for a four - day final interview process .
The successful candidate will start the new job on 1 July .
Feminism came too late for me .
By the time The Female Eunuch was published in 1970 , I was 26 and had already gone through all the conflicts and double - binds that made being a girl , and especially a clever girl , so difficult in the Fifties and Sixties .
It was fine being clever at school - at any rate if you were at a girls ' school , as I was - but being clever outside , when there were boys around , made you a social leper .
If anyone wanted to do real damage they would call you a swot - no boy would ever go out with a swot .
So that was the first problem - how to be clever at school and stupid outside - which in turn was part of the larger problem that you were expected to behave differently with boys than you did with girls .
Boys were the enemy but they were also the goal .
You had to catch one eventually or you risked being a spinster like your teachers , and no one wanted that .
In order to catch a boy you had to be feminine , a concept that caused me endless grief .
Being female was not the same as being feminine and I could see that I was a total failure in the femininity stakes .
I never liked dolls or gonks or soft toys .
I did n't want to be Wendy in Peter Pan , or Anne in the Famous Five - sickly little ' home - makers ' the pair of them - I wanted to be Peter Pan or George , the proto - dyke .
I was never ' moved to tears ' by poetry .
I did n't cry when people were horrid to me .
I did n't ever faint in class or moan because it was ' my time of month ' .
I did n't devote whole evenings to trying out new hairstyles , nor did I paint my nails on Friday night and scrub it off on Monday morning .
I was n't as excited by cotton wool balls as most girls seemed to be and I never knew what you were meant to do with ribbon .
And , thank God , I never kissed a picture of Cliff Richard .
Above all , I did n't have any hope of looking like Doris Day .
She was , by universal agreement , the perfect woman - cute , feminine , immaculately groomed , pointy - breasted , wasp - waisted , popular and pert .
She was the mistress of ' feminine wiles ' , could ' wrap men round her little finger ' ( how do you do that ? ) and ran absolutely no risk of ever being called a swot .
Everyone in my school aspired to look like Doris Day and quite a few succeeded .
I was handicapped by being thin , dark and sullen .
We had no sex education .
We had a lesson on reproduction in the frog - not a very helpful role model - followed by a lesson on periods ( when we were 14 , so already too late ) followed by a lesson on venereal disease .
Apparently we were meant to deduce some connection but I certainly never did and was left with a lifelong unease around frogs .
Luckily there were girls at school who knew more , and we all contributed what little factoids we could find , but it was patchy and generally useless knowledge until Di , aged 15 , actually went all the way with a boy and came back and told us about it .
We listened eagerly to every detail and then went away and whispered , ' Dirty slut ! '
Calling other girls sluts was one of the things we learnt at our nice posh girls ' school .
Girls who went all the way were ' cheap ' and we , of course , were meant to be expensive .
( That 's why the idea of free love was so potent in the Sixties , and why I cherish Fiona Pitt - Kethley 's line , ' I 'm not cheap , I 'm free ' - free in this context is the antithesis of cheap . )
There was effectively a tariff of what boys had to spend on you before they were allowed to do anything - a couple of trips to the cinema earned a kiss , more trips to the cinema plus meal meant a French kiss with tongues ( yuk ! ) , months of meals and cinema meant hands on boobs and in theory , if they went on spending long enough , they might get to take your bra right off .
But no one apart from that hussy
Di ever went that far .
Essentially , we were taught to think like high - class hookers , grudgingly doling out sexual favours in return for dosh .
Which in turn relied on , and inculcated , the notion that no girl could ever want to have sex .
That was what made
Di so unspeakably beyond the pale - the fact that she admitted to enjoying it .
Only dirty sluts did that .
So I was brought up to believe that ( a ) girls hated sex and ( b ) if they ever did indulge , even a little way , would only do it in return for some socking great material reward .
The best reward , and the only proper reward for going all the way , was a wedding ring .
I think a lot of the girls I was at school with actually were virgins on their wedding day .
I was n't .
I ' experimented ' but kept very quiet about it , and in truth the experiments were never very successful .
And of course in those days the great looming fear behind sex was pregnancy .
We had only the haziest knowledge of contraception - basically we had to rely on a boy having a condom and knowing how to use it .
If we were very silly , we believed boys who said they knew how to withdraw in time , or who told us that you could n't get pregnant if you made love standing up .
Inevitably , I did get pregnant at Oxford , but luckily my boyfriend had a rich older brother who paid for a ' proper ' abortion in Harley Street .
Even so , it was a nasty business - I had to use a false name and then could n't remember what it was , and had to hand over £ 300 in cash , which a nurse discreetly counted in the corner .
I had other friends , not so lucky , who tried pills and gin - in - the - bath and ended up in hospital .
After the abortion , I took contraception seriously and sucked up to the one girl in college who was known to own a diaphragm .
We all took turns borrowing it , and had to pre-book it , so it meant we could have sex on , say , Thursday but not on Friday .
It was n't until my second year at Oxford ( 1964 ) that salvation arrived in the shape of the Pill but even then we had to say we were engaged before we could be prescribed it .
All this fear around sex made for great tension in boy - girl relationships .
On the other hand , I never for a minute gave up the difficult search for a mate .
I was brought up to believe , and still believe , that who you marry is the most important choice you make in life .
Does that make me anti-feminist ?
I do n't think so , because I believe it's as true for men as it is for women .
You can't be happy if you 're married to the wrong person .
Being older and already married , I could only watch with bemusement as feminism went through its florid evolutionary stages in the Seventies - the ' all men are rapists ' phase , the Andrea Dworkin compulsory boiler suit phase , the bra-burning , picketing Miss World phase , the sitting - in - a - circle - inspecting - your - vagina - in - a - mirror phase .
But I was very aware in the Eighties of the ' having it all ' phase when women were supposed to ' juggle ' career and motherhood .
I was aware of it because I was actually doing it at the time but I never thought juggling babies was a good idea .
What it actually involved was permanent exhaustion and permanent guilt .
The problem for young women is , as it always has been , an economic one - that just when they need to be pushing ahead with their careers and earning decent money is also when they need to be having babies .
It worries me that so many young women now choose to defer the babies , thinking they can somehow magic them up by IVF when they are in their forties .
Often they can't , so they have no children to console them when their much - vaunted careers end in redundancy .
In an ideal society , I believe , couples would have children young , preferably in their early twenties , when they 're energetic and flexible enough to live on little money , and then start the serious career - building in their thirties when the children are at school .
The present recession might actually make that easier - if there are no careers for 20 - somethings to pursue , they might think it is quite a good idea to have babies instead .
General Motors is suspending work on the $ 370 million factory slated to build engines for the Chevrolet Volt , but says the plug - in hybrid will appear in showrooms by the end of 2010 as promised .
The decision comes as GM frantically slashes costs in a desperate bid to survive while the White House dithers on a bailout .
GM and Chrysler have said they could be out of money by the end of the year , but Congress failed to approve $ 14 billion in short - term loans to the Big Three and the Bush administration appears to be in no hurry to act .
With cash dwindling fast , GM says it has no choice but to postpone work on the the factory in Flint , Michigan , where 300 people would build the 1.4 - liter turbocharged engines slated for the Volt hybrid and Chevrolet Cruze compact .
" It 's temporarily on hold as we assess our cash situation , " GM spokeswoman Sharon Basel told the Detroit Free Press .
" I do n't think it 's any surprise that we 're studying and reviewing everything , given the position we 're in . "
GM is doing everything short of searching for coins under the couch cushions in Rick Wagoner 's office , but the Volt program has until now been sacrosanct .
Rightfully so , because the range - extended electric car is the centerpiece of GM 's campaign to recast itself as a company that builds fuel - efficient vehicles .
It 's the one thing GM can point to and say " See ?
We get it .
We finally get it . "
But things have gotten so bad even the Volt is taking a hit .
Nothing is sacred when you 're losing $ 52,000 every minute .
That Apollo - like burn rate has GM idling factories and postponing big - ticket items like the structural steel it needs to build the engine factory it announced in September .
" Those are huge cash outlays , and we do n't have the cash , " Basel told the Associated Press .
The Volt is by far GM 's most important project and a significant advancement over conventional hybrids because it relies entirely on electricity for propulsion .
The gasoline engine exists only to recharge the lithium ion battery as it approaches depletion .
GM says the car will deliver 40 miles of all - electric driving and deliver triple - digit fuel economy .
Basel insists development of the Volt and Cruze will continue and GM still plans to have them in showrooms by the end of 2010 as planned .
GM already builds the same engine at a plant in Austria and so could ship them over if need be .
" We have lots of options , " she says .
" The construction of the new plant is not going to interrupt our plans . "
There 's no word on when construction might resume should Uncle Sam come through with a loan , but GM says there is plenty of time to build the factory , equip it and get it running in time to meet the 2010 production goal .
" We can put plants pretty quickly , " Basel told the Free Press .
Photo by GM .
See Also :
printable version - js reader version - view hidden posts - tags and related articles
100,000 RADIATIONS - A REVIEW by AZWO Tuesday , Mar. 06 , 2007 at 3:28 AM
The Zionists Poisoned / Radiated 100,000 Sefardi Jewish Children .
On August 14 , at 9 PM , Israeli television station , Channel Ten , broke all convention and exposed the ugliest secret of Israel 's Labor Zionist founders ; the deliberate mass radiation poisoning of nearly all Sephardi youths .
The expose began with the presentation of a documentary film called , 100,000 Radiations , and concluded with a panel discussion moderated by TV host Dan Margalit , surprising because he is infamous for toeing the establishment line .
Film Details :
100,000 Radiations , released by Dimona Productions Ltd. in 2003 .
Producer - Dudi Bergman Directors - Asher Khamias , David Balrosen
Panel Discussion Participants
A Moroccan singer was joined by David Edri , head of the Compensation Committee for Ringworm X - Ray Victims , and Boaz Lev , a spokesman for the Ministry Of Health .
Subject :
In 1951 , the director general of the Israeli Health Ministry , Dr. Chaim Sheba flew to America and returned with 7 x -ray machines , supplied to him by the American army .
They were to be used in a mass atomic experiment with an entire generation of Sephardi youths to be used as guinea pigs .
Every Sephardi child was to be given 35,000 times the maximum dose of x-rays through his head .
For doing so , the American government paid the Israeli government 300,000 Israeli liras a year .
The entire Health budget was 60,000 liras .
The money paid by the Americans is equivalent to billions of dollars today .
To fool the parents of the victims , the children were taken away on " school trips " and their parents were later told the x-rays were a treatment for the scourge of scalpal ringworm .
6,000 of the children died shortly after their doses were given , the many of the rest developed cancers that killed them over time and are still killing them now .
While living , the victims suffered from disorders such as epilepsy , amnesia , Alzheimer 's disease , chronic headaches and psychosis .
Yes , that is the subject of the documentary in cold terms .
It is another matter to see the victims on the screen .
ie .
To watch the Moroccan lady describe what getting 35,000 times the dose of allowable x-rays in her head feels like .
" I screamed make the headache go away .
Make the headache go away .
Make the headache go away .
But it never went away . "
To watch the bearded man walk hunched down the street .
" I 'm in my fifties and everyone thinks I 'm in my seventies .
I have to stoop when I walk so I wo n't fall over .
They took my youth away with those x-rays . "
To watch the old lady who administered the doses to thousands of children .
" They brought them in lines .
First their heads were shaved and smeared in burning gel .
Then a ball was put between their legs and the children were ordered not to drop it , so they would n't move .
The children were n't protected over the rest of their bodies .
There were no lead vests for them .
I was told I was doing good by helping to remove ringworm .
If I knew what dangers the children were facing , I would never have cooperated .
Never ! "
Because the whole body was exposed to the rays , the genetic makeup of the children was often altered , affecting the next generation .
We watch the woman with the distorted face explain , " All three of my children have the same cancers my family suffered .
Are you going to tell me that 's a coincidence ? "
Everyone notices that Sephardi women in their fifties today , often have sparse patchy hair , which they try to cover with henna .
Most of us assumed it was just a characteristic of Sephardi women .
We watch the woman on the screen wearing a baseball - style hat .
She places a picture of a lovely young teenager with flowing black hair opposite the lens .
" That was me before my treatment .
Now look at me . "
She removes her hat .
Even the red henna can't cover the horrifying scarred bald spots .
The majority of the victims were Moroccan because they were the most numerous of the Sephardi immigrants .
The generation that was poisoned became the country 's perpetual poor and criminal class .
It did n't make sense .
The Moroccans who fled to France became prosperous and highly educated .
The common explanation was that France got the rich , thus smart ones .
The real explanation is that every French Moroccan child did n't have his brain cells fried with gamma rays .
The film made it perfectly plain that this operation was no accident .
The dangers of x-rays had been known for over forty years .
We read the official guidelines for x-ray treatment in 1952 .
The maximum dose to be given a child in Israel was .5 rad .
There was no mistake made .
The children were deliberately poisoned .
David Deri , makes the point that only Sephardi children received the x-rays .
" I was in class and the men came to take us on a tour .
They asked our names .
The Ashkenazi children were told to return to their seats .
The dark children were put on the bus . "
The film presents a historian who first gives a potted history of the eugenics movement .
In a later sound bite , he declares that the ringworm operation was a eugenics program aimed at weeding out the perceived weak strains of society .
The film now quotes two noted anti-Sephardi racist Jewish leaders , Nahum Goldmann and Levi Eshkol .
Goldmann spent the Holocaust years first in Switzerland , where he made sure few Jewish refugees were given shelter , then flew to New York to become head of the World Jewish Congress headed by Samuel Bronfman .
According to Canadian writer Mordecai Richler , Bronfman had cut a deal with Prime Minister Mackenzie King to prevent the immigration of European Jews to Canada .
But Levi Eshkol 's role in the Holocaust was far more minister than merely not saving lives .
He was busy taking them instead .
From a biography of Levi Eshkol from the Israeli government web site :
" In 1937 Levi Eshkol played a central role in the establishment of the Mekorot Water Company and in this role was instrumental in convincing the German government to allow Jews emigrating to Palestine to take with them some of their assets - mostly in the form of German - made equipment . "
While world Jewry was boycotting the Nazi regime in the '30s , the Jewish Agency in Jerusalem was propping up Hitler .
A deal , called The Transfer Agreement , was cut whereby the Nazis would chase Germany 's Jews to Palestine , and the Labor Zionists would force the immigrants to use their assets to buy only German goods .
Once the Jewish Agency got the German Jews it wanted , those they secretly indoctrinated in the anti-Judaism of Shabtai Tzvi and Jacob Frank , they let the Nazis take care of the rest of European Jewry .
The Holocaust was a eugenics program and Levi Eshkol played a major role in it .
The Moroccan lady is back on the screen .
" It was a Holocaust , a Sephardi Holocaust .
And what I want to know is why no one stood up to stop it . "
David Deri , on film and then as a panel member , relates the frustration he encountered when trying to find his childhood medical records .
" All I wanted to know was what they did to me .
I wanted to know who authorized it .
I wanted to trace the chain of command .
But the Health Ministry told me my records were missing . "
Boaz Lev , the Health Ministry 's spokesman chimes in , " Almost all the records were burned in a fire . "
So , let us help Mr. Deri trace the chain of command .
But now I must intrude myself in the review .
About six years ago , I investigated the kidnapping of some 4500 , mostly Yemenite immigrant infants and children , during the early years of the state .
I met the leader of the Yemenite children 's movement , Rabbi Uzi Meshulum , imprisoned for trying to get the truth out .
He was later returned home in a vegetative state from which he has not emerged .
He told me that the kidnapped children were sent to America to die cruelly in nuclear experiments .
The American government had banned human testing and needed guinea pigs .
The Israeli government agreed to supply the humans in exchange for money and nuclear secrets .
The initiator of Israel 's nuclear program was Defence Ministry director - general Shimon Peres .
Rabbi David Sevilia of Jerusalem corroborated the crime and later , I even saw photos of the radiation scars on the few surviving children , and the cages the infants were shipped to America in .
Just over five years ago I published my belief on the internet , that Israel 's Labor Zionist founders had conducted atomic experiments on Yemenite and other Sephardi children , killing thousands of them .
Almost three years ago , I published the same assertion in my last book , Save Israel !.
I suffered much scorn for doing so .
However , I was right .
We return to the documentary .
We are told that a US law in the late ' 40 s put a stop to the human radiation experiments conducted on prisoners , the mentally feeble and the like .
The American atomic program needed a new source of human lab rats and the Israeli government supplied it .
Here was the government cabinet at the time of the ringworm atrocities :
Prime Minister - David Ben Gurion Finance Minister - Eliezer Kaplan Settlement Minister - Levi Eshkol Foreign Minister - Moshe Sharrett Health Minister - Yosef Burg Labor Minister - Golda Meir Police Minister - Amos Ben Gurion
The highest ranking non-cabinet post belonged to the Director General Of The Defence Ministry , Shimon Peres .
That a program involving the equivalent of billions of dollars of American government funds should be unknown to the Prime Minister of cash - strapped Israel is ridiculous .
Ben Gurion was in on the horrors and undoubtedly chose his son to be Police Minister in case anyone interfered with them .
Now let 's have a quick glance at the other plotters , starting with the Finance Minister Eliezer Kaplan .
He handled the profits of the operation and was rewarded for eternity with a hospital named after him near Rehovot .
But he 's not alone in this honor .
The racist bigot Chaim Sheba , who ran Ringworm Incorporated , had a whole medical complex named after him .
Needless to say , if there is an ounce of decency in the local medical profession , those hospital names will have to change .
Then there is Yosef Burg , who the leaders of the Yemenite Children 's movement insist was the most responsible for the kidnappings of their infants .
As Health Minister , he certainly played a pivotal role in the Ringworm murders .
That would go a great way to explaining the peculiar behavior of his son , the peacemaker , Avraham Burg .
Let us not forget Moshe Sharrett , who had Rabbi Yoel Brand arrested in Aleppo in 1944 for proposing a practical way to save 800,000 Jews trapped in Hungary .
Sharrett 's most cited quote is , " If Shimon Peres ever enters this government , I will tear my clothes and start to mourn . "
Several Yemenite Children activists told me Sharrett was referring to the kidnapping of the Yemenite children when he made this statement .
And other amateur historians have told me that Levi Eshkol openly and proudly announced his belief in the tenets of Shabtai Tzvi , but try as I have , I have n't tracked down a citation .
However , we do know of Eshkol , that during the period of the radiations , he served first as Settlement Minister , then took over from Kaplan as Finance Minister .
From his bio :
" In 1951 Eshkol was appointed Minister of Agriculture and Development , and from 1952 to 1963 - a decade characterized by unprecedented economic growth despite the burden of financing immigrant absorption and the 1956 Sinai Campaign - he served as Minister of Finance .
Between 1949 and 1963 , Eshkol also served as head of the settlement division of the Jewish Agency .
In the first four years of statehood , he was also treasurer of the Jewish Agency , largely responsible for obtaining the funds for the country 's development , absorption of the massive waves of immigrants and equipment for the army . "
In short , Eshkol was the person most responsible for Israel 's immigrants , the ones he sent to radiation torture chambers .
Finally , there is Golda Meir .
We do n't know her role , but she was in on the secret and rewarded for it .
Note that every prime minister thereafter until 1977 , when the honorable Menachem Begin was elected , came from this cabal .
And note also , that no one from what is called the Right today , was privy to the slaughter of the Sephardi children .
Apply that lesson to a contemporary fact :
It is the descendants of these butchers who brought us the Oslo " peace " and are determined to wipe out the settlers of Judea , Samaria and Gaza as surely as they had dealt with the inferior dark Jews who came into their clutches fifty years before .
Now try and imagine it is 1952 and you are in a cabinet meeting .
You will be debating whether to send the Yemenite babies to America for their final zapping , or whether to have them zapped here .
That is what the Luciferian , satanic Sabbataian founders of our nation were prattling on about when they got together to discuss the affairs of state .
After the film ended , TV host Dan Margalit tried to put a better face on what he 'd witnessed .
Any face had to be better than what he had seen .
He explained meekly , " But the state was poor .
It was a matter of day to day survival . "
Then he stopped .
He knew there was no excusing the atrocities the Sephardi children endured .
But it was the Moroccan singer who summed up the experience best .
" It 's going to hurt , but the truth has to be told .
If not , the wounds will never heal . "
There is one person alive who knows the truth and participated in the atrocities .
He is Leader Of The Opposition Shimon Peres , the peacemaker .
The only way to get to the truth and start the healing is to investigate him for his role in the kidnapping of 4500 Yemenite infants and the mass poisoning of over 100,000 Sephardi children and youths .
But here is why that wo n't happen .
It is a miracle that 100,000 Radiations was broadcast at all .
Clearly though , someone fought for it but had to agree to a compromise .
The show was aired at the same time as the highest - rated show of the year , the final of Israel 's , A Star Is Born .
The next day , there was not a word about 100,000 Radiations in any paper , but the newly - born star 's photo took up half the front pages .
That 's how the truth is buried in Israel , and somehow , these tricks work .
The same methods were used to cover up the Rabin assassination .
However , a few hundred thousand people saw the film on their screens and they will never forget the truth .
If the Rabin assassination does n't bury Labor Zionism for good , then 100,000 Radiations eventually will .
www.customflix.com/208287
Report this post as : Share on : Twitter , Facebook , Google +
LATEST COMMENTS ABOUT THIS ARTICLE
Listed below are the 10 latest comments of 6 posted about this article .
These comments are anonymously submitted by the website visitors .
TITLE AUTHOR DATE
And their crimes continue today ...
Jack G Tuesday , Jan. 20 , 2009 at 1:12 PM
Abuse of Sephardic Children Dimitrakis Tuesday , Jan. 20 , 2009 at 1:25 PM ms Adriana North Tuesday , Jan. 20 , 2009 at 9:57 PM
Mr Yosef Friday , Jan. 23 , 2009 at 3:22 AM
Mr. RSB Wednesday , Aug. 05 , 2009 at 11:24 AM
Claim : During the 1960’s , Robert F. Kennedy said he believed a black man could become President of the United States within forty years .
Status : True .
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , June 2008 ]
He gave a speech to the Voice of America all around the world 40 years ago .
And despite what was going on in the country , particularly in Alabama , Bobby Kennedy said this :
Things are ‘ moving so fast in race relations a Negro could be president in 40 years . ’
This is in 1968 , we ’re now in 2008 .
He gave a speech to the Voice of America all around the worldago .
And despite what was going on in the country , particularly in Alabama , Bobby Kennedy said this :
Things are ‘ moving so fast in race relations a Negro could be president in This is in 1968 , we ’re now in 2008 .
‘ There ’s no question about it , ’ the attorney general said .
‘ In the next 40 years a Negro can achieve the same position that my brother has . ’ …
Kennedy said that prejudice exists and probably will continue to …
‘ But we have tried to make progress and we are making progress .
We are not
going to accept the status quo . ’ – Robert F. Kennedy , Washington Post , May 27 , 1968
Origins : Amidst the turmoil of the civil rights movement in the 1960 ’s ( and prompted by acts of violence such as those recently visited upon the “ Freedom Riders “ ) , Robert F. Kennedy spoke about race relations in a broadcast beamed to over sixty countries via the Voice of America radio network .
As reported at the time , Kennedy said :
Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy , in a broadcast to the world , today acknowledged the United States ’ imperfections in the area of equal rights for Negroes .
He pleaded , however , for recognition of the progress that had been made
and for an awareness that everything pointed to continuing progress .
Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy , in a broadcast to the world , today acknowledged the United States ’ imperfections in the area of equal rights for Negroes .
He pleaded , however , for recognition of the progress that had been madeand for an awareness that everything pointed to continuing progress .
“ There ’s no question that in the next thirty or forty years a Negro can also achieve the same position that my brother has as President of the United States , certainly within that period of time , ” the Attorney General said .
The Voice of America beamed his extemporaneous remarks to more than sixty countries through thirty - nine radio transmitters .
Translations were superimposed in the delivery of the talk to thirty - seven language areas .
Consistent with a Voice of America policy of acknowledging the worst in the news as well as the bright side , Mr. Kennedy began by citing the attack by whites on Negroes in Alabama in the last two weeks .
“ It ’s a matter that disturbs us tremendously , ” he declared .
“ But I think that people should also understand some of the good things that are being done in this area , that this does n’t really represent the American people or the American Government , that this is just a small minority group which is causing these problems and difficulties .
“ It does n’t represent the vast majority of people in the South , this kind of riot , this kind of lawlessness , and it certainly does n’t represent the feelings of the United States Government or the American people .
That is why we took the steps that we took to try to prevent it , and we have prevented it . ”
The Attorney General also told the world that the suppression of the recent outbreaks did not mean the end of them .
“ I am not saying to you , and I would be less than frank if I did , that these kinds of events are ended now and that they wo n’t have any racial prejudice or violence of the future , because we will have them , ” he declared .
But , Mr. Kennedy said , “ we are not going to accept the status quo ” in the matter of Negro rights .
“ We are not going to accept the riots or the disorders in Montgomery or Birmingham , Alabama , ” he said .
“ We sent people in in order to end it , and that is the feeling of the vast majority of American people , and that ’s the feeling of the United States Government . ”
Robert F. Kennedy ’s remarks are of renewed interest now , in mid-2008 , because of the very real possibility that a black man , Senator Barack Obama , might win the upcoming 2008 presidential election — an event which would make Kennedy ’s words of four decades ago prophetic down to the exact year .
However , while the example quoted above accurately reflects the gist of Kennedy ’s remarks , it fudges a few details to increase the “ wow ” factor :
Kennedy did n’t say that “ a Negro could be president in 40 years ” ; the time frame he mentioned for that possibility was the less specific span of “ in the next thirty or forty years . ”
the time frame he mentioned for that possibility was the less specific span of “ in the next thirty or forty years . ”
The identification of Robert Kennedy as Attorney General and his use of the present perfect tense in referring to his brother ( President John F. Kennedy ) are clues that RFK ’s words do not date from May 1968 .
( By then , John F. Kennedy had been dead for over four years , and Robert F. Kennedy was serving as a U.S. Senator . )
Instead , his radio remarks were delivered several years earlier , in May 1961 .
By moving Kennedy ’s words forward several years to 1968 , someone has attempted to make his mention of “ forty years ” appear accurate as applied to events in 2008 , when in fact the “ thirty or forty year ” timespan he spoke of literally ended back in 2001 .
Last updated : 29 June 2008
Israel continues to pound Gaza as troops mass on border
By Julie Hyland
31 December 2008
Israeli jets continued to pound the Gaza Strip for a fourth day amidst threats of worse to come .
As the death toll climbed , Israel 's war crimes received barely any censure from Western and Arab leaders , and continued to have the more - or - less open approval of Washington .
The number killed in Operation Cast Lead has now surpassed 375 .
The United Nations says at least 62 of these are civilians , but this only covers women and children killed .
No males above a certain age are included in the civilian death toll .
Some 1,700 people have been wounded .
Israeli warplanes have dropped tons of bombs on government buildings and infrastructure over the last days in what Defence Minister Ehud Barak described as an " all - out war against Hamas . "
Brigadier - General Dan Harel , Israeli deputy chief of staff , said the objective was to erase Hamas .
" After this operation there will not be a single Hamas building left standing in Gaza , and we plan to change the rules of the game , " he said .
" We are hitting not only terrorists and launchers , but also the whole Hamas government and all its wings .
We are hitting government buildings , production factories , security wings and more . "
An unnamed leading Israeli military official said , " There are many aspects of Hamas , and we are trying to hit the whole spectrum , because everything is connected and everything supports terrorism against Israel . "
So far , Israel has admitted targeting the police academy , government ministries and a naval base on the beach and the marina .
But , as Hamas is also responsible for administering any semblance of welfare provision that exists , nothing is off - target , including the University of Gaza , whose five - story science building was flattened on Monday morning , and a sports centre , as well as the homes of Hamas leaders and supporters .
Given that Hamas won the majority of seats in the June 2006 elections to the Palestinian Legislative Council , the population of Gaza in its entirety is considered a legitimate target by the Zionist regime .
Five sisters were amongst those killed on Monday as the mosque next door to their home was struck by Israeli bombs .
Jawaher , 4 , Dina , 8 , Samar , 12 , Ikram , 15 , and Tahrir , 17 , were killed in their beds when one of the walls of their small home collapsed during the strike .
An Italian member of the International Solidarity Movement ( ISM ) offered this description : " Yesterday , I and three other members of the ISM passed the whole night in the al Awda hospital near Jabalia ....
Around 11:30 p.m. a bomb fell about 800 metres from the hospital , with its shockwave sending fragments of glass wounding the wounded ... an ambulance was wrecked in its place , they knocked down a mosque , fortunately empty at that hour .
Unfortunately ... the Israeli bomb also destroyed a building adjacent to the mosque .
We saw them pull out of the ruins the little bodies of six sisters .
Five are dead , one is in grave condition . "
The Israeli military claimed that the mosque was a legitimate target because it was a " known gathering place " of Hamas supporters .
Another two sisters aged 11 and 4 were killed on Tuesday when an Israeli rocket struck their donkey cart in the northern town of Beit Hanun .
Richard Falk , the special rapporteur for human rights in the Palestinian territories , accused Israel of " shocking atrocities by using modern weaponry against a defenceless population — attacking a population that has been enduring a severe blockade for many months . "
Food is in extremely short supply .
UN food distribution was halted on December 18 due to border closures , despite some 80 percent of Gaza 's 1.5 million people being dependent on food aid .
Cemeteries are said to be filling up so fast there is barely enough space for burials , while bodies pile up in hospitals , overwhelmed by the humanitarian catastrophe .
Gaza 's largest hospital Al Shifa had been placing corpses in ice - cream freezers when the morgue was full , but is unable to do so any longer due to electricity shortages caused by the bombardment .
Medicine and medical supplies have also run out due to the year - long siege imposed by Israel , and hospitals are treating only life - threatening cases .
On Tuesday , the Free Gaza Movement reported that its vessel , the Dignity , which it was using to transport medical supplies by sea to the besieged territory , was rammed and turned back by Israeli naval ships .
The Dignity sustained heavy damage , the group reported , although no one was hurt .
" When attacked , the Dignity was clearly in international waters , 90 miles off the coast of Gaza , " a press release stated , describing Israel 's actions as " wilful and criminal . "
Israel 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said , " The fact that the ship was carrying journalists , including a CNN crew that has already broadcasted live three times , proves that this was a provocation on the part of the media . "
The administration 's nervousness at the presence of journalists is conditioned by the scale of the devastation it has already wreaked , and the even worse atrocities it is preparing .
On Sunday , Israeli jets destroyed the offices of Al Aqsa Television .
The assault , in which one person was injured , was condemned by the International Federation of Journalists ( IFJ ) as demonstrating " that when it comes to its own military and political agenda Israel is willing to abandon its responsibilities under international law . "
Gaza has been declared off limits to journalists since the commencement of the bombing campaign .
On Monday , this was extended into its border region with Israel .
The ban has been denounced as unprecedented by the Foreign Press Association , which has sought to mount a legal challenge to the order .
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert described the bombardment as just " the first of several stages " of military action , as Israeli troops continue to mass along the border with Gaza .
Deputy Defence Minister Matan Vilnai warned that Israel was " ready for a prolonged conflict and for weeks of combat . "
Spiegel Online cited an anonymous army spokeswoman , stating , " The ground forces are ready ....
The option [ of a ground operation ] exists .
It is possible that we will apply it but for the moment we are only hitting from the air and the sea . "
Israel 's decision to declare the area around Gaza a " closed military zone " was seen as an indication that a ground offensive could be imminent .
Israel claims that its actions are necessary in order to protect Israeli civilians in border areas from rocket and mortar fire by Hamas .
But as David Morrison , from the Palestine Solidarity Campaign , noted in the Irish Times , between the Israeli - Hamas ceasefire brokered in June and December 27 , " no Israeli , civilian or military , was killed as a result of rocket or mortar fire from Gaza . "
It was not until early November , when Israel broke the cease - fire that the largely ineffective mortar - fire resumed .
On November 4 , " while the world was watching the election of Barack Obama , " Israel killed six Palestinians in Gaza , Morrison wrote .
" As a result of this unprovoked assault by Israel , the ceasefire broke down — and rocket or mortar fire from Gaza started again . "
These facts are well known to Western leaders and the Arab states who , while intoning their regret at the loss of innocent lives in Gaza , essentially portray Israel as the aggrieved party .
United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon complained of Israel 's " excessive use of force , " even as he parroted the claim that its actions were in self - defence .
The European Commission called for a truce , but even this mealy - mouthed appeal was brushed aside by Infrastructure Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer , who stated that there " is no reason " why Israel " would accept a ceasefire at this stage . "
Israel has been able to rely on the unconditional support of its Washington paymasters for its military onslaught .
White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said , " The United States understands that Israel needs to take actions to defend itself . "
Ehud Barak cited the remarks of Barack Obama during his June 2008 visit to the city of Sderot .
Speaking of the mortar - fire aimed at the city from Gaza , Obama had stated , " Had anyone fired rockets against my home while my two daughters were sleeping I would have done everything to stop him and I assume the Israelis would do the same thing . "
" That is what Obama said and that is what we are doing , " Barak concluded .
More broadly , the Jerusalem Post December 30 reported on the success of Israel 's international " media offensive . "
It cited former UN ambassador Dan Gillerman , who was drafted into the propaganda offensive by Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni shortly before the current assault , stating approvingly that " at this moment Israel has no small measure of understanding and support , and even approval , from many countries . "
" We have n't seen dramatic condemnations [ from world leaders ] , only the expected and generic calls for calm and cease - fire , " Gillerman stated .
" Even in the UN I did n't see anyone happy to condemn us . "
Tony Blair , appointed Middle East envoy with much fanfare in June 2007 , is not expected to visit the area until next week for talks between Israeli and Palestinian officials — giving Israel even greater latitude for its offensive .
And it was reported that a planned " emergency Arab summit " on events in Gaza , scheduled for Qatar on Friday , might not be held .
According to Middle East Online , the Arab League was to have agreed to the summit as a venue for discussions on the Israeli offensive during today 's meeting of foreign ministers in Cairo .
But this was still uncertain , because some countries such as Egypt are not in favour , it reported .
" Staging an Arab summit could be dangerous and subject to criticism , especially if it does not result in practical measures , " Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Abul Gheit said .
A meeting of the Gulf Cooperation Council yesterday issued a statement that made no reference to a proposal by Qatar for an emergency Arab summit .
Egypt has continued to maintain tight control over its borders with Gaza , preventing the beleaguered Palestinian population from finding refuge .
Its complicity with Israel has meant that , alongside other Arab countries such as Saudi Arabia , it has become a target for protests .
Demonstrations were held yesterday outside Egyptian embassies and concerns in Yemen and Iran .
Demonstrations were also ongoing outside the Israeli embassy in London , where riot police have clashed with protesters over the last days and a number have been arrested , as well as in Berlin , Athens and Stockholm .
Clashes are also taking place within Israel .
YNet News reported that hundreds of " Jewish and Arab students belonging to a leftist movement " at Haifa University staged a demonstration Monday , calling for an end to Operation Cast Lead .
" During the protests , an argument broke out between left - wing lecturers and IDF officers studying at the university , who were dressed in uniform and carrying their weapons , " it reported , and there were angry confrontations with right - wing students .
Protests were also held at campuses on the Universities of Tel Aviv and Jerusalem .
Israeli security forces were reported as having detained some 100 Arab residents in east Jerusalem following disturbances involving approximately 1,000 people in the area .
In addition , 107 Arab teenagers were arrested in the northern district of Jerusalem , also for their alleged involvement in protests against Israel 's actions .
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) -- Israeli naval vessels intercepted a Libyan ship carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza on Monday , Palestinian and Israeli officials said .
Palestinian women hold candles during a vigil protesting the Israeli blockade of the Gaza Strip .
Israel 's Foreign Ministry said the ship was stopped and ordered to turn back because it was not authorized to dock in the Palestinian territory of Gaza which is under an Israeli blockade .
After receiving the message by radio contact , the Libyan ship turned back , a ministry spokesman said .
Gaza lawmaker Jamal Khoudary said the ship returned to the Egyptian port town of Al - Arish near the Gaza border .
" This ship was carrying food and medicine and was coming to assist the Palestinian people in Gaza , where they live under siege , " Khoudary said .
Israel maintains that rocket attacks and security threats from militant groups in Gaza forced it to close its border crossings with Gaza .
The blockade also applies to ships coming into Gaza .
Israel controls the waters off the coast of the Palestinian territory .
Do n't Miss Israel to free 250 Palestinian prisoners
Human rights groups have expressed concern about the Israeli blockade on Gaza , which has restricted the delivery of emergency aid and fuel supplies .
The United Nations ' Relief and Works Agency successfully delivered 12 trucks of aid through the Kerem Shalom border crossing last week .
The U.N. has launched a humanitarian appeal for Gaza because of what the regional U.N. humanitarian coordinator Maxwell Gaylard called " an assault on human dignity . "
All About Gaza • Israel
WASHINGTON 
The Bush administration will recommend that Congress give up the idea of a second nuclear waste dump , dropping a grand bargain struck in the 1980s , and instead vote to enlarge the repository now proposed in Nevada , the director of the Energy Department ’s civilian radioactive waste management program said on Thursday .
The director , Edward F. Sproat III , who is in charge of work on the proposed repository at Yucca Mountain , 100 miles northwest of Las Vegas , said that the process of trying to open one repository had been so slow and expensive that this was not a good time to start looking for another .
The future of the entire repository program may be in flux anyway because President - elect Barack Obama has called for finding another solution .
But Mr. Sproat noted that the law called for his department to pursue the opening of the Yucca site .
Originally , the government promised utility companies that it would begin accepting nuclear waste in 1998 and began accepting payments from them of one - tenth of a cent per kilowatt - hour generated at their reactors .
The government now predicts that a waste repository will open by 2020 at the earliest , and clearing the backlog could take many decades .
Because of the delay , the government will owe commercial damages to the utilities of $ 11 billion or more .
While US airlines have bumped prices so sharply that some frequent fliers are turning to the bus , a European airline is getting ready to sell you a ticket to London that costs less than an entree at the Olive Garden .
Low - cost Irish monster Ryanair announced that it plans to begin flying from Europe to the US , with economy tickets starting at 10 Euros , or around $ 13.00 .
Ryanair expects to make money on the flights by sticking to its wildly successful European business model of charging passengers for almost everything but the air they breathe , and by offering a more traditional business cabin in the front of the plane .
Ryanair 's plan is to offer flights between its base at Stansted , an outlying London airport that is popular with the budget crowd , and New York , Los Angeles , San Francisco , Boston , and cities in Florida .
Ryanair does n't have the planes to get started right away , but the airline 's outspoken CEO Michael O'Leary says that with the recession sure to put dents in the order books of Boeing and Airbus , there are deals to be made .
If a $ 15 flight to Europe sounds too good to be true , that 's because it is .
In Europe , Ryanair often gives tickets away , with passengers responsible for only taxes and fees .
And it 's the fees where the airline makes its money , collecting buckets of cash by charging for everything from mandatory travel insurance and credit card processing to the privilege of using a telephone or ticket counter to communicate with the airline .
Another profit center for Ryanair is its QVC - in - the - sky approach to in - flight service , with cabin crews hawking everything from sandwiches and sodas to jewelery , perfume , lottery tickets , and cell phone minutes .
It 's a model that has worked well in Europe , where Ryanair has spread like a fungus , flying 65 million passengers a year to
145 cities , and leaving its Irish competitor Aer Lingus in the dirt .
But the airline has n't been immune to the
financial pressure facing the industry – expansion has slowed and it recently announced a 50 percent drop in profits .
And cheap fares alone wo n't guarantee success .
I 'm all about finding a bargain , but I appreciate a plane with seat back pockets , window shades , and reclining seats , especially on a nine hour flight to Europe .
If my fellow travelers feel the same way , then Ryanair 's transatlantic strategy may not fly .
Photo by Flickr user Jon Gos
December 2008
( I originally wrote this at the request of a company producing a report about entrepreneurship .
Unfortunately after reading it they decided it was too controversial to include . )
VC funding will probably dry up somewhat during the present recession , like it usually does in bad times .
But this time the result may be different .
This time the number of new startups may not decrease .
And that could be dangerous for VCs .
When VC funding dried up after the Internet Bubble , startups dried up too .
There were not a lot of new startups being founded in 2003 .
But startups are n't tied to VC the way they were 10 years ago .
It 's now possible for VCs and startups to diverge .
And if they do , they may not reconverge once the economy gets better .
The reason startups no longer depend so much on VCs is one that everyone in the startup business knows by now : it has gotten much cheaper to start a startup .
There are four main reasons :
Moore 's law has made hardware cheap ; open source has made software free ; the web has made marketing and distribution free ; and more powerful programming languages mean development teams can be smaller .
These changes have pushed the cost of starting a startup down into the noise .
In a lot of startups — probaby most startups funded by Y Combinator — the biggest expense is simply the founders ' living expenses .
We 've had startups that were profitable on revenues of $ 3000 a month .
$ 3000 is insignificant as revenues go .
Why should anyone care about a startup making $ 3000 a month ?
Because , although insignificant as revenue , this amount of money can change a startup 's funding situation completely .
Someone running a startup is always calculating in the back of their mind how much " runway " they have — how long they have till the money in the bank runs out and they either have to be profitable , raise more money , or go out of business .
Once you cross the threshold of profitability , however low , your runway becomes infinite .
It 's a qualitative change , like the stars turning into lines and disappearing when the Enterprise accelerates to warp speed .
Once you 're profitable you do n't need investors ' money .
And because Internet startups have become so cheap to run , the threshold of profitability can be trivially low .
Which means many Internet startups do n't need VC - scale investments anymore .
For many startups , VC funding has , in the language of VCs , gone from a must - have to a nice - to - have .
This change happened while no one was looking , and its effects have been largely masked so far .
It was during the trough after the Internet Bubble that it became trivially cheap to start a startup , but few realized it because startups were so out of fashion .
When startups came back into fashion , around 2005 , investors were starting to write checks again .
And while founders may not have needed VC money the way they used to , they were willing to take it if offered — partly because there was a tradition of startups taking VC money , and partly because startups , like dogs , tend to eat when given the opportunity .
As long as VCs were writing checks , founders were never forced to explore the limits of how little they needed them .
There were a few startups who hit these limits accidentally because of their unusual circumstances — most famously 37signals , which hit the limit because they crossed into startup land from the other direction : they started as a consulting firm , so they had revenue before they had a product .
VCs and founders are like two components that used to be bolted together .
Around 2000 the bolt was removed .
Because the components have so far been subjected to the same forces , they still seem to be joined together , but really one is just resting on the other .
A sharp impact would make them fly apart .
And the present recession could be that impact .
Because of Y Combinator 's position at the extreme end of the spectrum , we'd be the first to see signs of a separation between founders and investors , and we are in fact seeing it .
For example , though the stock market crash does seem to have made investors more cautious , it does n't seem to have had any effect on the number of people who want to start startups .
We take applications for funding every 6 months .
Applications for the current funding cycle closed on October 17 , well after the markets tanked , and even so we got a record number , up 40 % from the same cycle a year before .
Maybe things will be different a year from now , if the economy continues to get worse , but so far there is zero slackening of interest among potential founders .
That 's different from the way things felt in 2001 .
Then there was a widespread feeling among potential founders that startups were over , and that one should just go to grad school .
That is n't happening this time , and part of the reason is that even in a bad economy it's not that hard to build something that makes $ 3000 a month .
If investors stop writing checks , who cares ?
We also see signs of a divergence between founders and investors in the attitudes of existing startups we 've funded .
I was talking to one recently that had a round fall through at the last minute over the sort of trifle that breaks deals when investors feel they have the upper hand — over an uncertainty about whether the founders had correctly filed their 83 ( b ) forms , if you can believe that .
And yet this startup is obviously going to succeed : their traffic and revenue graphs look like a jet taking off .
So I asked them if they wanted me to introduce them to more investors .
To my surprise , they said no — that they 'd just spent four months dealing with investors , and they were actually a lot happier now that they did n't have to .
There was a friend they wanted to hire with the investor money , and now they'd have to postpone that .
But otherwise they felt they had enough in the bank to make it to profitability .
To make sure , they were moving to a cheaper apartment .
And in this economy I bet they got a good deal on it .
I 've detected this " investors are n't worth the trouble " vibe from several YC founders I 've talked to recently .
At least one startup from the most recent ( summer ) cycle may not even raise angel money , let alone VC .
Ticketstumbler made it to profitability on Y Combinator 's $ 15,000 investment and they hope not to need more .
This surprised even us .
Although YC is based on the idea of it being cheap to start a startup , we never anticipated that founders would grow successful startups on nothing more than YC funding .
If founders decide VCs are n't worth the trouble , that could be bad for VCs .
When the economy bounces back in a few years and they 're ready to write checks again , they may find that founders have moved on .
There is a founder community just as there 's a VC community .
They all know one another , and techniques spread rapidly between them .
If one tries a new programming language or a new hosting provider and gets good results , 6 months later half of them are using it .
And the same is true for funding .
The current generation of founders want to raise money from VCs , and Sequoia specifically , because Larry and Sergey took money from VCs , and Sequoia specifically .
Imagine what it would do to the VC business if the next hot company did n't take VC at all .
VCs think they 're playing a zero sum game .
In fact , it 's not even that .
If you lose a deal to Benchmark , you lose that deal , but VC as an industry still wins .
If you lose a deal to None , all VCs lose .
This recession may be different from the one after the Internet Bubble .
This time founders may keep starting startups .
And if they do , VCs will have to keep writing checks , or they could become irrelevant .
Thanks to Sam Altman , Trevor Blackwell , David Hornik , Jessica Livingston , Robert Morris , and Fred Wilson for reading drafts of this .
Russian Translation
It 's a story that begins with a man 's diagnosis of cancer and ends up - 762 phone calls and a court case later - with one of the worst examples , according to the victim , of how banks dehumanise their customers .
When David Lloyd , 62 , was told he had terminal lung cancer in January 2006 , his wife , Annette Edwards , contacted their bank , the Halifax , to let them know of his predicament and that he would no longer be able to work .
They applied for a payout on an insurance policy , and for state benefits , but while they waited for the money to arrive they went overdrawn .
Lloyd and Edwards , who had been a Halifax account holder for 15 years , claim the debt is around £ 800 , but the bank says it is £ 4,000 .
The bank and its agents telephoned the couple 762 times over seven months in what they say is aggressive pursuit of the debt in calls made " morning , noon and night " .
Lloyd , who worked for the Institution of Civil Engineers until his cancer diagnosis , has developed a phobia of telephones and suffers from anxiety and depression .
Edwards says the couple feel dehumanised because their situation was ignored .
In May , the couple obtained a court undertaking at Leeds county court ensuring the Halifax would not contact them .
Despite the undertaking , a letter from the Halifax arrived last Wednesday at the couple 's home in Sale , Greater Manchester .
At Manchester Justice Centre yesterday , the Bank of Scotland , the parent company of the Halifax , appeared before a judge in a contempt of court hearing instigated by the couple .
The bank 's barrister , James Counsell , said : " The bank issues its wholehearted fulsome apology for the error and the serious breach of the undertaking which it very much regrets . "
He said the bank had taken extensive steps to stop the correspondence and there had been no telephone calls since summer 2007 .
The bank paid £ 1,150 costs to the claimants and made a new undertaking to write to HBOS and ask its subsidaries not to contact the claimants using the Halifax logo .
The couple also claim that their daughter , Stefanie Moore , 29 , received 60 to 100 phone calls and two text messages , yet was n't even a customer .
It is doubtful that Lloyd , who has not been able to eat for 48 hours , will be alive when the harassment case comes to a full hearing in February .
Edwards says of her husband : " He is prepared to put his head above the parapet because he does n't want other people to go through what he has had to go through . "
• This article was amended on Wednesday December 10 2008 .
David Lloyd worked for the Institution of Civil Engineers , not the Institute of Civil Engineers .
This has been corrected .
Mark Hughes is so confident of Manchester City signing Kaka that he has already drawn up a new 4 - 1 - 4 - 1 system to accommodate the former world footballer of the year in his proposed debut against Newcastle United on 28 January .
Hughes and his management staff have devised an adventurous system that would see Kaka partner Stephen Ireland in the centre of midfield with Robinho on the left , Shaun Wright - Phillips on the right and , if everything goes according to plan , Roque Santa Cruz in attack .
Hughes 's assistant , Mark Bowen , has described the world - record signing of Kaka as " very close " .
and the same applies to Santa Cruz 's drawn - out £ 18 m move from Blackburn Rovers .
If everybody is fit and City , as expected , can also persuade West Ham United to part company with Craig Bellamy , the Wales international is likely to find himself on the bench initially .
Last night Milan 's vice - president Adriano Galliani confirmed the club were " evaluating " an offer for Kaka , and gave the midfielder permission to speak to City .
The fee widely reporting in Italy as being in the region of € 120 m ( £ 108 m ) .
However unconfirmed reports said City 's total payment will near € 150 m ( £ 135 m ) , breaking down as :
• €120 m as a fee for Kaka
• € 20 m in agents ' fees
• €10 m for Kaka 's father
Kaka 's wages are expected to be £ 13.5 m per annum after tax ; in other words , around £ 500,000 gross per week , making him the highest - paid footballer in the world .
Although Kaka has publicly claimed that he wants to " grow old " with Milan , he has indicated he would be happy to meet representatives from the Abu Dhabi United Group .
City 's owners feel the deal now hinges entirely on whether the player can be persuaded to leave one of Europe 's most successful institutions for a club in the early stages of a thorough transformation .
City are hopeful that the player 's father , Bosco Leite , will meet the club 's executive chairman , Garry Cook , and be convinced about the club 's potential and Hughes dismissed reports emanating from Abu Dhabi yesterday that the deal was off .
The manager also rejected suggestions that the deal had been arranged above his head .
" We are a football business , so it has to be a football decision first and foremost , " he said .
" In the outset any thoughts about bringing in a player of the quality of Kaka have to start at a football level and that 's my level .
I make my recommendations and then we try to pursue the process and see if we can get to a point where we feel we can present something to a player 's club .
If people think this is being done above my head , then they are being totally naive . "
Hughes added : " The fact that we are interested in a player of the quality of Kaka shows the intent of the owners .
We are not just taking a scatter - gun approach to world stars of football .
This is a measured and calculated football decision that works for us and that 's the reason we have expressed an interest in a player of the quality of Kaka .
We feel he 's the type and the right quality that we need to drag the club forward . "
The manager allowed himself to think about the prospect of another genuine superstar joining his squad and the impact it would have on the other players .
" There will be more of a buzz if the players actually turn up in the car park and he walks through the doorway .
However , we are nowhere near that at the moment , so we have to be a little bit pragmatic and understand that it 's always a long process .
The situation is still fluid and there 's a lot to be played out yet . "
Vision of the future ?
This is the team that the Manchester City manager , Mark Hughes , plans to play against Newcastle United on 28 January , with Kaka playing in midﬁeld behind Roque Santa Cruz Photograph : Guardian
Couple Beaten to Death in Order to Stop Smoking
Smoking is considered a potentially fatal habit , but what about not smoking ?
Could that be lethal as well ?
Well , that was the result for a Malaysian couple that were beaten to death by four close family members in a ritual apparently intended to help one of them stop smoking .
Ku Chin Wah , the head of the police crime investigation department in the Malaysian capital said :
“ Their heads were smashed on a table , and the couple was beaten with broomsticks and motorbike helmets at the house of a family member in Kuala Lumpur . ”
The couple ’s 14 - year - old daughter was also injured and taken to hospital .
One of the couple ’s sons and three other relatives remain in custody , and according to police , four others have been released .
Mohamed Ibrahim Kader Mydin , 47 , and his wife , Rosina Mydin Pillay , 41 , never expected the reception they got when they arrived at a family member ’s home for a visit .
They were there to honor the celebrations marking the end of fasting during the Muslim month of Ramadan but were given the death penalty instead .
Mohamed Ibrahim was trying to give up cigarettes and his wife had a liver ailment .
They trusted the relative who suggested that the couple undergo a ritual , which involved all family members joining forces to beat up the couple to rid them of their ailments .
Considering that the couple is now dead , it looks like the family plan to stop smoking and get rid of liver ailments really did work , did n’t it ?
( Link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
0 shares
In a strange segment , a man whose great - great - great - great - grandfather ( or maybe just three greats ) was jailed for helping John Wilkes Booth after Booth assassinated Lincoln showed up to audition for American Idol and ended up threatening the show ’s four judges .
Mark Mudd is related to Samuel Mudd , the physician and convicted Lincoln conspirator who is literally responsible for the phrase “ your name is mud ” because he treated Booth ’s broken leg .
Ryan helpfully explained that to us in a mini-history lesson that was complete with illustrations .
Mark , who initially told us “ I ’ve almost died five times , ” mangled a song in his audition , and then as he was leaving , turned and said , “ Ya ’ll take careful and be careful . …
I ’m just sayin ’ , be careful in whatever you do . ”
Paula Abdul seemed most freaked out , saying , “ That ’s not a normal thing to say , ” although she then told him to be careful .
Then she said , “ I do n’t know about you , but I ’m flying out tonight . ”
Also last night , an auditioner took Paula ’s Coca - Cola cup and drank from it , prompting her to whisper to the producers , “ he ’s sipping through my straw ! ”
After he left , she pushed it away and asked for a new cup .
And in a moment of frustration , Kara crawled underneath the desk , prompting Randy Jackson to start freaking out because of the possible sexual connotation , which Kara quickly validated by telling Paula , “ let ’s both go down . ”
Member since Dec 19 , 2008 .
Last seen online 11 years , 9 months ago .
With a potential to grow to over 500 lbs and eight feet in length , it is often considered that handlers will only swim with the tigers when they are no more than a year old
Credit : BARCROFT MEDIA
These sorted stone circles are found in the Canadian Northwest Territories .
They are 5 - 10 metres in diameter ( Image : Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada )
A network of sorted stone polygons and circles alongside a flood - carved channel in the Elysium Planitia region of Mars .
The sorted circles are generally 15 - 20 m in diameter .
This image is a portion of HiRISE image PSP_004072_1845 , centered at 4.5 ° N. , 156.0 ° E ( Image : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona )
Close - up of the sorted stone circles shown in the previous image ( Image : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona )
STONE circles on Mars are prompting a …
Less than sneaky Prev Next
Some things are more important than others and that 's why you should always prioritize things .
Say like answering the phone naked in front of your lovers husband .
You might wanna let the voicemail pick that call up .
WELLESLEY - When Dr. Gene Lindsey arrived to see his 4 p.m. appointment on a recent Thursday , his nine patients already were seated on folding chairs arranged in a semicircle around a table of snacks .
Lindsey , a cardiologist , shook each patient 's hand , rolled up his sleeves , and , for the next 90 minutes , examined them , one by one .
As he listened to lungs and hearts , he discussed their personal medical details out loud .
Since July , Lindsey has been seeing his Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates patients only in groups , formally called shared medical appointments .
It 's part of an ambitious plan by Harvard Vanguard to ease physician shortages , and reduce patient and doctor dissatisfaction over constantly feeling rushed during appointments .
Many patients , it turns out , are willing to sacrifice privacy and modesty for improved access to doctors .
Patients willing to see their doctor in a group visit generally can get appointments far sooner .
And many pa tients have similar problems and questions , and can learn from one another in the group visits .
If a particular examination requires that a patient disrobe , the doctor and patient move into a private room for that portion of the checkup .
Doctors do n't have to repeat the same information to patients individually throughout the day .
And if the groups - offered in many specialties - are full , doctors make out better financially .
Many insurers generally pay what they would if the doctor were seeing those patients individually .
A doctor normally would see four to six patients in 90 minutes if he or she were seeing them one - on - one .
" It was fabulous , " said Nicholas Poly , an 80 - year - old retired engineer who saw Lindsey during the Thursday group visit .
" I have problems similar to what other people have .
I get to hear their questions too , and that 's good . "
While many patients seem to like group appointments , they are clearly not for everyone .
Walter Kelly , 89 , began seeing Lindsey five years ago after he got a pacemaker for his heart murmur .
" I was mostly curious , " he said .
" I am not an intensely private person so I do n't mind sharing these sorts of things . "
But after attending two group visits , Kelly said he would rather see Lindsey individually if that were an option .
Harvard Vanguard found in a survey this year that 77 percent of patients who had attended one said they would do so again , 15 percent said they were n't sure , and 5 percent said they would not schedule another group visit .
" The 15 - to - 20 - minute medical appointment is a failure , " Lindsey , Harvard Vanguard 's chief executive , declared in a recent interview .
" For doctors , it 's too much to do in a short period of time .
For patients , it 's not enough time with the doctor to get their needs met . "
It appears as though the Facebook ’s breast feeding controversy wo n’t go away .
Today a statement was released by “ The Academy of Breastfeeding Medicine ” , an organization that I was n’t aware of until today .
According to a press release from this afternoon , Facebook ’s current policy “ perpetuates the notion that breastfeeding is an unseemly bodily function best kept from public viewing , a misguided and antiquated concept that has no place in contemporary society .
It further perpetuates the idea that formula feeding is normative when breastfeeding is , and should be considered , normative infant and young child feeding . ”
For those that were also unaware of what the Academy of Breastfeeding Medicine is , it is a “ wordlwide organization of physicians dedicated to the promotion , protection and support of breastfeeding and human lactation through education , research , and advocacy . ”
So will Facebook break down and decide to allow breast feeding photos on the site ?
Given all the publicity that the site has received for banning the photos , I doubt they ’ll be dropping the ban anytime soon .
There has now been months of coverage resulting from a ban which took place more than one year ago .
Fortunately there have n’t been any violent protests by lactating mothers from around the world .
At this rate we could easily see some large protests given all the buzz that has resulted from Facebook ’s ban .
For now there are no updates in the breast feeding battle but we will most definitely keep you up to date on any new revelations in the battle to post photos of nude breasts during the act of breast feeding .
If you are interested in learning more about the Academy of Breastfeeding Medicine and their mission to expand the “ knowledge in breastfeeding science and human lactation ” , you can check out the organization ’s website .
If there ’s anything cooler than technology , it ’s warfare , and if there ’s anything cooler than that , it ’s the combination of the two .
Some may flap their hands in outrage at this statement , decrying the obscene cost of military R&D while we ’re faced with “ more pressing ” issues than defense .
I ’d urge such types to settle back onto their plushly - upholstered divans , take another puff on their cigarette ’s extra-length , ivory holders and consider that nothing educates better than a rubber bullet .
And nothing reduces a carbon footprint like a landmine .
Now , having worked the doves into a frothing frenzy , here are some cool , ridiculously expensive technologies to push them over the edge into berserker rage .
The XOS Robotic Exoskeleton
Robotics company Sarcos have developed a particularly intimidating , serious - business suit .
Looking like a hollowed - out Terminator droid , the XOS is the pack - humping , long - marching , body - armoring ally of the future infantryman .
Well , assuming we do n’t simply splice rhino - DNA into our clone armies , but let ’s not give anyone ideas .
Donning this superhero - suit is as easy as fitting a webbing pack and a locking a pair of skis , if not quite as easy as slipping into a coat held up by a butler .
From there , the suit mirrors the actions of every limb , endowing them with a brute strength to shame The Gubernator himself .
In one demonstration , the suit performed 500 reps on a pull - down bar weighted at 200 pounds , before intolerable boredom set in for its wearer and he presumably set to punching down walls instead .
With all that power , you ’d expect movement to be clumsy and limited .
Wrong .
Even though it weighs 150 pounds , the XOS is agile enough to conceivably wear to your next Grand Ball .
They ’re even talking of a model soldiers can disengage from , which will then continue with soldierly duties all by itself …
Ah , DARPA contracts , hastening the inevitable robot apocalypse in style .
Non-military adaptations of the XOS , for firemen and cripples , are scheduled to appear in due course and we ’re hoping the future everyman gets one too .
The issue of parallel parking by females could finally be laid to rest , gingerly and neatly from an overhead deadlift .
Small Unit Space Transport and Insertion , Sustain
Small unit insertion may sound familiar to you but do n’t be fooled – Sustain is an aerospace project being developed for the U.S. Marine Corps .
Its aim is to transport a squad of over a dozen marines anywhere on the globe .
Within two hours , max .
It ’ll be a two - stage process .
A carrier craft , perhaps a B - 52 or similar , will power the lander to the upper atmosphere .
The landing craft , probably Boeing ’s X - 51A currently in testing , will break away , fire up its scramjet engines and cruise at Mach 7 to its destination .
That it ’ll do so just over the 50 mile limit to national airspace is perhaps something that ’s occurred to the brass .
They ’re canny that way .
Now , while the thought of doing a flight that currently takes ¾ of a day , Los Angeles to Singapore say , in just two hours is cool if you ’re a marine , what we ’re really waiting for is the passenger version .
Or , for Singapore to declare war .
And though it ’s still a ways off for the average ( GI ) Joe , this new technology may soon eclipse the $ 50 M Gulfstream private jet as the transportation method of choice for the global super - class .
We hope they remember to pack their jetlag pills and industrial - strength barf - bags .
The 600 Ton Robot Lorry
Industrial machinery manufacturer Caterpillar and Carnegie Mellon University scientists have teamed up to create the ultimate redneck fantasy .
This 600 ton robot lorry can drive right over conventional monster trucks , which are more like Tonka trucks in comparison .
It can crush cars , tanks and even houses beneath its merciless treads .
It can transport loads of up to 380 tons , making it handy for pyramid construction .
And best , or perhaps most disturbingly of all , Caterpillar ’s new beast can operate without a driver .
Yeah , you read right .
Following a successful series of DARPA trials to develop a self - driven car , it was only a matter of time before a self - driven , mechanical Godzilla reared its head .
From there , it ’s a short but inevitable step to someone covering it in guns and missiles .
From there , a short quick step to all of us learning to speak Binary .
Weapons Against Robots
If the proliferation of vehicular kill - bots and humanoid death - droids sets off your “ Danger , Will Robinson ” alarm , you ’ll be pleased to learn of WAR Defence .
This start - up was founded by dot com millionaire , Ben Way , who ’s well aware of the increasing militarization of robotics technology .
His company exists to find ways of defending against enemy robots , or any of ours made sullen and uncooperative by robot puberty .
WAR , “ the world ’s first defense company solely dedicated to weaponry against robotic entities , ” is working on several means to this end .
Most interesting is circuitry - frying , non-lethal ( to humans anyway ) technology like Electric Storm - AX1 .
This high energy microwave device , along with similar directed EMP devices , offers humanity ’s best hope of neutralizing hostile machinery to survive the inevitable robot apocalypse .
Not to mention dealing with your neighbor ’s blaring car alarm and rap music .
It ’s all still in the early stages , of course , but that ’s not going to stop us from buying shares in WAR Defense and posting several thousand “ up yours , sentient artificial intelligence , ” messages to the internet .
While it may be a few years before we see rocket - pack police jumping from spaceships , fighting off giant bulldozer robots with energy guns , that future scenario is closer to becoming a reality then ever before .
Let ’s just hope that before we all kick the bucket from some nuclear - robot holocaust that we also develop the time machine portal to send someone back to stop it all from ever happening in the first place .
Many volumes have been written about the Great Depression and its impact on the lives of millions of Americans .
Historians , economists , and politicians have all combed the wreckage searching for the “ black box ” that will reveal the cause of this legendary tragedy .
Sadly , all too many of them decide to abandon their search , finding it easier perhaps to circulate a host of false and harmful conclusions about the events that caused the Great Depression seven decades ago .
How bad was the Great Depression ?
Over the four years from 1929 to 1933 , production at the nation ’s factories , mines , and utilities fell by more than half .
People ’s real disposable incomes dropped 28 percent .
Stock prices collapsed to one - tenth of their pre-crash height .
The number of unemployed Americans rose from 1.6 million in 1929 to 12.8 million in 1933 .
One of every four workers was out of a job at the Depression ’s nadir , and ugly rumors of revolt simmered for the first time since the Civil War .
Old myths never die ; they just keep showing up in college economics and political science textbooks .
Students today are frequently taught that unfettered free enterprise collapsed of its own weight in 1929 , paving the way for a decade - long economic depression full of hardship and misery .
President Herbert Hoover is presented as an advocate of “ hands - off , ” or laissez - faire , economic policy , while his successor , Franklin Roosevelt , is the economic savior whose policies brought us recovery .
This popular account of the Depression belongs in a book of fairy tales and not in a serious discussion of economic history , as a review of the facts demonstrates .
The Great , Great , Great , Great Depression
To properly understand the events of the time , it is appropriate to view the Great Depression as not one , but four consecutive depressions rolled into one .
Professor Hans Sennholz has labeled these four “ phases ” as follows : the business cycle ; the disintegration of the world economy ; the New Deal ; and the Wagner Act . [ 1 ]
The first phase explains why the crash of 1929 happened in the first place ; the other three show how government intervention kept the economy in a stupor for over a decade .
Phase I : The Business Cycle
The Great Depression was not the country ’s first depression , though it proved to be the longest .
The common thread woven through the several earlier debacles was disastrous manipulation of the money supply by government .
For various reasons , government policies were adopted that ballooned the quantity of money and credit .
A boom resulted , followed later by a painful day of reckoning .
None of America ’s depressions prior to 1929 , however , lasted more than four years and most of them were over in two .
The Great Depression lasted for a dozen years because the government compounded its monetary errors with a series of harmful interventions .
Most monetary economists , particularly those of the “ Austrian school , ” have observed the close relationship between money supply and economic activity .
When government inflates the money and credit supply , interest rates at first fall .
Businesses invest this “ easy money ” in new production projects and a boom takes place in capital goods .
As the boom matures , business costs rise , interest rates readjust upward , and profits are squeezed .
The easy - money effects thus wear off and the monetary authorities , fearing price inflation , slow the growth of or even contract the money supply .
In either case , the manipulation is enough to knock out the shaky supports from underneath the economic house of cards .
One of the most thorough and meticulously documented accounts of the Fed ’s inflationary actions prior to 1929 is America ’s Great Depression by the late Murray Rothbard .
Using a broad measure that includes currency , demand and time deposits , and other ingredients , Rothbard estimated that the Federal Reserve expanded the money supply by more than 60 percent from mid-1921 to mid-1929 .
[2 ]
The flood of easy money drove interest rates down , pushed the stock market to dizzy heights , and gave birth to the “ Roaring Twenties . ”
By early 1929 , the Federal Reserve was taking the punch away from the party .
It choked off the money supply , raised interest rates , and for the next three years presided over a money supply that shrank by 30 percent .
This deflation following the inflation wrenched the economy from tremendous boom to colossal bust .
The “ smart ” money — the Bernard Baruchs and the Joseph Kennedys who watched things like money supply — saw that the party was coming to an end before most other Americans did .
Baruch actually began selling stocks and buying bonds and gold as early as 1928 ; Kennedy did likewise , commenting , “ only a fool holds out for the top dollar . ” [ 3 ]
When the masses of investors eventually sensed the change in Fed policy , the stampede was underway .
The stock market , after nearly two months of moderate decline , plunged on “ Black Thursday ” — October 24 , 1929 — as the pessimistic view of large and knowledgeable investors spread .
The stock market crash was only a symptom — not the cause — of the Great Depression : the market rose and fell in near synchronization with what the Fed was doing .
Phase II : Disintegration of the World Economy
If this crash had been like previous ones , the subsequent hard times might have ended in a year or two .
But unprecedented political bungling instead prolonged the misery for twelve long years .
Unemployment in 1930 averaged a mildly recessionary 8.9 percent , up from 3.2 percent in 1929 .
It shot up rapidly until peaking out at more than 25 percent in 1933 .
Until March 1933 , these were the years of President Herbert Hoover — the man that anti-capitalists depict as a champion of noninterventionist , laissez - faire economics .
Did Hoover really subscribe to a “ hands off the economy , ” free - market philosophy ?
His opponent in the 1932 election , Franklin Roosevelt , did n’t think so .
During the campaign , Roosevelt blasted Hoover for spending and taxing too much , boosting the national debt , choking off trade , and putting millions of people on the dole .
He accused the president of “ reckless and extravagant ” spending , of thinking “ that we ought to center control of everything in Washington as rapidly as possible , ” and of presiding over “ the greatest spending administration in peacetime in all of history . ”
Roosevelt ’s running mate , John Nance Garner , charged that Hoover was “ leading the country down the path of socialism . ” [ 4 ]
Contrary to the modern myth about Hoover , Roosevelt and Garner were absolutely right .
The crowning folly of the Hoover administration was the Smoot - Hawley Tariff , passed in June 1930 .
It came on top of the Fordney - McCumber Tariff of 1922 , which had already put American agriculture in a tailspin during the preceding decade .
The most protectionist legislation in U.S. history , Smoot - Hawley virtually closed the borders to foreign goods and ignited a vicious international trade war .
Professor Barry Poulson notes that not only were 887 tariffs sharply increased , but the act broadened the list of dutiable commodities to 3,218 items as well . [ 5 ]
Officials in the administration and in Congress believed that raising trade barriers would force Americans to buy more goods made at home , which would solve the nagging unemployment problem .
They ignored an important principle of international commerce : trade is ultimately a two - way street ; if foreigners cannot sell their goods here , then they cannot earn the dollars they need to buy here .
Foreign companies and their workers were flattened by Smoot - Hawley ’s steep tariff rates , and foreign governments soon retaliated with trade barriers of their own .
With their ability to sell in the American market severely hampered , they curtailed their purchases of American goods .
American agriculture was particularly hard hit .
With a stroke of the presidential pen , farmers in this country lost nearly a third of their markets .
Farm prices plummeted and tens of thousands of farmers went bankrupt .
With the collapse of agriculture , rural banks failed in record numbers , dragging down hundreds of thousands of their customers .
Hoover dramatically increased government spending for subsidy and relief schemes .
In the space of one year alone , from 1930 to 1931 , the federal government ’s share of GNP increased by about one - third .
Hoover ’s agricultural bureaucracy doled out hundreds of millions of dollars to wheat and cotton farmers even as the new tariffs wiped out their markets .
His Reconstruction Finance Corporation ladled out billions more in business subsidies .
Commenting decades later on Hoover ’s administration , Rexford Guy Tugwell , one of the architects of Franklin Roosevelt ’s policies of the 1930s , explained , “ We did n’t admit it at the time , but practically the whole New Deal was extrapolated from programs that Hoover started . ” [ 6 ]
To compound the folly of high tariffs and huge subsidies , Congress then passed and Hoover signed the Revenue Act of 1932 .
It doubled the income tax for most Americans ; the top bracket more than doubled , going from 24 percent to 63 percent .
Exemptions were lowered ; the earned income credit was abolished ; corporate and estate taxes were raised ; new gift , gasoline , and auto taxes were imposed ; and postal rates were sharply hiked .
Can any serious scholar observe the Hoover administration ’s massive economic intervention and , with a straight face , pronounce the inevitably deleterious effects as the fault of free markets ?
Phase III : The New Deal
Franklin Delano Roosevelt won the 1932 presidential election in a landslide , collecting 472 electoral votes to just 59 for the incumbent Herbert Hoover .
The platform of the Democratic Party whose ticket Roosevelt headed declared , “ We believe that a party platform is a covenant with the people to be faithfully kept by the party entrusted with power . ”
It called for a 25 percent reduction in federal spending , a balanced federal budget , a sound gold currency “ to be preserved at all hazards , ” the removal of government from areas that belonged more appropriately to private enterprise , and an end to the “ extravagance ” of Hoover ’s farm programs .
This is what candidate Roosevelt promised , but it bears no resemblance to what President Roosevelt actually delivered .
In the first year of the New Deal , Roosevelt proposed spending $ 10 billion while revenues were only $ 3 billion .
Between 1933 and 1936 , government expenditures rose by more than 83 percent .
Federal debt skyrocketed by 73 percent .
Roosevelt secured passage of the Agricultural Adjustment Act ( AAA ) , which levied a new tax on agricultural processors and used the revenue to supervise the wholesale destruction of valuable crops and cattle .
Federal agents oversaw the ugly spectacle of perfectly good fields of cotton , wheat , and corn being plowed under .
Healthy cattle , sheep , and pigs by the millions were slaughtered and buried in mass graves .
Even if the AAA had helped farmers by curtailing supplies and raising prices , it could have done so only by hurting millions of others who had to pay those prices or make do with less to eat .
Perhaps the most radical aspect of the New Deal was the National Industrial Recovery Act ( NIRA ) , passed in June 1933 , which set up the National Recovery Administration ( NRA ) .
Under the NIRA , most manufacturing industries were suddenly forced into government - mandated cartels .
Codes that regulated prices and terms of sale briefly transformed much of the American economy into a fascist - style arrangement , while the NRA was financed by new taxes on the very industries it controlled .
Some economists have estimated that the NRA boosted the cost of doing business by an average of 40 percent — not something a depressed economy needed for recovery .
Like Hoover before him , Roosevelt signed into law steep income tax rate increases for the high brackets and introduced a 5 percent withholding tax on corporate dividends .
In fact , tax hikes became a favorite policy of the president ’s for the next ten years , culminating in a top income tax rate of 94 percent during the last year of World War II .
His alphabet agency commissars spent the public ’s tax money like it was so much bilge .
For example , Roosevelt ’s public relief programs hired actors to give free shows and librarians to catalogue archives .
The New Deal even paid researchers to study the history of the safety pin , hired 100 Washington workers to patrol the streets with balloons to frighten starlings away from public buildings , and put men on the public payroll to chase tumbleweeds on windy days .
Roosevelt created the Civil Works Administration in November 1933 and ended it in March 1934 , though the unfinished projects were transferred to the Federal Emergency Relief Administration .
Roosevelt had assured Congress in his State of the Union message that any new such program would be abolished within a year .
“ The federal government , ” said the President , “ must and shall quit this business of relief .
I am not willing that the vitality of our people be further stopped by the giving of cash , of market baskets , of a few bits of weekly work cutting grass , raking leaves , or picking up papers in the public parks . ”
But in 1935 the Works Progress Administration came along .
It is known today as the very government program that gave rise to the new term , “ boondoggle , ” because it “ produced ” a lot more than the 77,000 bridges and 116,000 buildings to which its advocates loved to point as evidence of its efficacy .
[ 7 ]
The stupefying roster of wasteful spending generated by these jobs programs represented a diversion of valuable resources to politically motivated and economically counterproductive purposes .
The American economy was soon relieved of the burden of some of the New Deal ’s excesses when the Supreme Court outlawed the NRA in 1935 and the AAA in 1936 , earning Roosevelt ’s eternal wrath and derision .
Recognizing much of what Roosevelt did as unconstitutional , the “ nine old men ” of the Court also threw out other , more minor acts and programs which hindered recovery .
Freed from the worst of the New Deal , the economy showed some signs of life .
Unemployment dropped to 18 percent in 1935 , 14 percent in 1936 , and even lower in 1937 .
But by 1938 , it was back up to 20 percent as the economy slumped again .
The stock market crashed nearly 50 percent between August 1937 and March 1938 .
The “ economic stimulus ” of Franklin Roosevelt ’s New Deal had achieved a real “ first ” : a depression within a depression !
Phase IV : The Wagner Act
The stage was set for the 1937 –38 collapse with the passage of the National Labor Relations
Act in 1935 — better known as the Wagner Act and organized labor ’s “ Magna Carta . ”
To quote Hans Sennholz again :
This law revolutionized American labor relations .
It took labor disputes out of the courts of law and brought them under a newly created Federal agency , the National Labor Relations Board , which became prosecutor , judge , and jury , all in one .
Labor union sympathizers on the Board further perverted this law , which already afforded legal immunities and privileges to labor unions .
The U.S. thereby abandoned a great achievement of Western civilization , equality under the law . [ 8 ]
Armed with these sweeping new powers , labor unions went on a militant organizing frenzy .
Threats , boycotts , strikes , seizures of plants , and widespread violence pushed productivity down sharply and unemployment up dramatically .
Membership in the nation ’s labor unions soared ; by 1941 there were two and a half times as many Americans in unions as in 1935 .
From the White House on the heels of the Wagner Act came a thunderous barrage of insults against business .
Businessmen , Roosevelt fumed , were obstacles on the road to recovery .
New strictures on the stock market were imposed .
A tax on corporate retained earnings , called the “ undistributed profits tax , ” was levied .
“ These soak - the - rich efforts , ” writes economist Robert Higgs , “ left little doubt that the president and his administration intended to push through Congress everything they could to extract wealth from the high - income earners responsible for making the bulk of the nation ’s decisions about private investment . ” [ 9 ]
Higgs draws a close connection between the level of private investment and the course of the American economy in the 1930s .
The relentless assaults of the Roosevelt administration — in both word and deed — against business , property , and free enterprise guaranteed that the capital needed to jumpstart the economy was either taxed away or forced into hiding .
When Roosevelt took America to war in 1941 , he eased up on his antibusiness agenda , but a great deal of the nation ’s capital was diverted into the war effort instead of into plant expansion or consumer goods .
Not until both Roosevelt and the war were gone did investors feel confident enough to “ set in motion the postwar investment boom that powered the economy ’s return to sustained prosperity . ” [ 10 ]
Whither Free Enterprise ?
On the eve of America ’s entry into World War II and twelve years after the stock market crash of Black Thursday , ten million Americans were jobless .
Roosevelt had pledged in 1932 to end the crisis , but it persisted two presidential terms and countless interventions later .
Along with the horror of World War II came a revival of trade with America ’s allies .
The war ’s destruction of people and resources did not help the U.S. economy , but this renewed trade did .
More important , the Truman administration that followed Roosevelt was decidedly less eager to berate and bludgeon private investors , and as a result , those investors came back into the economy to fuel a powerful postwar boom .
The genesis of the Great Depression lay in the inflationary monetary policies of the U.S. government in the 1920s .
It was prolonged and exacerbated by a litany of political missteps : trade - crushing tariffs , incentive - sapping taxes , mind - numbing controls on production and competition , senseless destruction of crops and cattle , and coercive labor laws , to recount just a few .
It was not the free market that produced twelve years of agony ; rather , it was political bungling on a scale as grand as there ever was .
Notes
A peculiar reaction to sandwiches caused a woman to suffer unexplained fainting fits , doctors reported today .
The woman , 25 , was seen in hospital complaining of short 10 - second episodes of feeling " light - headed , occasionally nauseous , and suddenly and alarmingly unwell " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
On more than one occasion she had collapsed .
The problem had started when she was aged 15 , sometimes recurring several times a week .
A battery of tests and investigations had failed to disclose anything abnormal .
The episodes tended to occur when the woman consumed certain types of food , particularly sandwiches and fizzy drinks .
She had last collapsed when eating a sandwich while driving .
Fortunately , her car was stationary in a queue of traffic .
Dr Christopher Boos , from University Hospital Birmingham , described what happened when doctors gave the woman a sandwich .
She immediately suffered an electrical abnormality in her heart , which stopped beating for two seconds .
Dr Boos and three colleagues wrote in The Lancet medical journal : " The patient felt light - headed , as though she were about to faint , but did not . "
The woman was finally diagnosed with " swallow syncope " - a rare condition in which the action of swallowing triggers nerve reflexes that cause the heart to stop temporarily .
The doctors wrote : " Swallow syncope , also known as deglutition syncope , is , by definition , a transient alteration or loss of consciousness during swallowing , and is usually intermittent .
" Patients with swallow syncope can languish for years because the diagnosis is little known - although a case report on it was published in The Lancet 50 years ago . "
The woman was fitted with a pacemaker to overcome the problem , and when last seen in June was free of fainting .
ON THE ARABIAN SEA  Rear Adm. Giovanni Gumiero is going on a pirate hunt .
From the deck of an Italian destroyer cruising the pirate - infested waters off Somalia ’s coast , he has all the modern tools at his fingertips  radar , sonar , infrared cameras , helicopters , a cannon that can sink a ship 10 miles away  to take on a centuries - old problem that harks back to the days of schooners and eye patches .
“ Our presence will deter them , ” the admiral said confidently .
But the wily buccaneers of Somalia ’s seas do not seem especially deterred  instead , they seem to be getting only wilier .
More than a dozen warships from Italy , Greece , Turkey , India , Denmark , Saudi Arabia , France , Russia , Britain , Malaysia and the United States have joined the hunt .
And yet , in the past two months alone , the pirates have attacked more than 30 vessels , eluding the naval patrols , going farther out to sea and seeking bigger , more lucrative game , including an American cruise ship and a 1,000 - foot Saudi oil tanker .
The pirates are recalibrating their tactics , attacking ships in beelike swarms of 20 to 30 skiffs , and threatening to choke off one of the busiest shipping arteries in the world , at the mouth of the Red Sea .
In Febrooary 2009 , Ur rabbit earz will no longer work .
U have been stealing airwaves for years ' cause we could n't figure out how to make U pay .
Now we have .
Thx Bi .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Bankrate 's guide to choosing the right CD rate
Why trust Bankrate
We regularly surveys approximately 4,800 banks and credit unions in all 50 states to provide you with one of the most comprehensive comparisons of interest rates .
All of the CD accounts below are insured by the FDIC at banks or the NCUA at credit unions .
When selecting the best CD account for you , look for the highest yield while also considering introductory rates , minimum balances and accessibility .
At Bankrate , we strive to help you make smarter financial decisions .
We follow strict guidelines to ensure that our editorial content is not influenced by advertisers .
Our editorial team receives no direct compensation from advertisers , and our content is thoroughly fact - checked to ensure accuracy .
The top banks listed below are based on factors such as APY , minimum balance requirements and broad availability .
Top CD rates by term
Note : The APYs ( Annual Percentage Yield ) shown are as of Sept. 15 , 2020 .
The APYs for some products may vary by region .
The Federal Reserve and CD rates
The Federal Reserve 's interest rates decisions can impact the rates that banks offer on CDs .
When the Fed raises or lowers the federal funds rate , banks typically respond by moving savings and money market account yields in the same direction .
CDs tend to track Treasurys closely .
In 2019 , a year when the Fed lowered rates three times , CDs generally decreased before or after a Fed rate cut .
Two emergency
Fed rate cuts in March , and decreasing Treasurys , are reasons many high - yield CDs have decreased in 2020 .
If you ’re concerned about rates potentially decreasing or want to lock in a fixed yield , a CD may be right for you .
Savings accounts and money market accounts generally have variable rates , meaning your yield can decrease .
Introductory rates on those accounts are an exception to this rule .
Intro rates may give you a fixed rate during the introductory period , though there may be certain requirements to keep this rate .
National Average Interest Rates for CDs
Learning about the average interest rates is a great way to get an idea of the CD rate environment .
But you should aim to get a CD with a yield much higher than the average .
The top CD yields are typically available at online banks .
Here are the current average rates for the week of September 23 , 2020 , according to Bankrate 's weekly survey of institutions :
CD Term CD National Average APY 1 - year 0.28 % 2 - year 0.32 % 3 - year 0.35 % 4 - year 0.40 % 5 - year 0.44 %
Note that those are average APYs .
See the table at the top of the page for APY comparisons .
Research methodology
The " Bankrate.com National Average , " or " national survey of large lenders , " is conducted weekly .
The results of this survey are quoted in our weekly articles and national media outlets .
To conduct the National Average survey , Bankrate obtains rate information from the 10 largest banks and thrifts in 10 large U.S. markets .
In the Bankrate.com national survey , our Market Analysis team gathers rates and / or yields on banking deposits , loans and mortgages .
We 've conducted this survey in the same manner for more than 30 years , and because it 's consistently done the way it is , it gives an accurate national apples - to - apples comparison .
In an environment where rates are declining , consider longer terms in order to lock in a higher rate for a longer period of time .
But in the current rate environment , there might not be much of a reward for putting your money in a longer - term CD .
Best CD rates from top banks
Before applying for a certificate of deposit , be sure to read expert advice and tips below to ensure a financially safe decision .
Here are Bankrate 's top picks for banks with the best CD rates :
Marcus by Goldman Sachs : 6 months – 6 years , 0.45 % APY – 0.90 % APY ; $ 500 Minimum Deposit to Open
Marcus by Goldman Sachs CD Rates Term APY Minimum Deposit 6 months 0.45 % $ 500 9 months 0.55 % $ 500 12 months 0.85 % $ 500 18 months 0.85 % $ 500 24 months 0.85 % $ 500 3 years 0.85 % $ 500 4 years 0.85 % $ 500 5 years 0.90 % $ 500 6 years 0.90 % $ 500
Overview : Marcus is the consumer banking arm of investment firm Goldman Sachs .
It offers a range of savings products and personal loans .
That includes a number of CD options and a high - yield savings account .
And like other online banks , its rates are highly competitive .
Marcus often is found within the group of banks offering the highest CD rates across all terms .
In fact , Marcus guarantees that you 'll receive the highest rate it offers on a CD within 10 days of opening an account , as long as you deposit $ 500 during that time .
So , if you purchase a CD and the bank 's rate goes up within 10 days after you purchase , you 'll receive the higher rate .
Perks :
In addition to high yields , Marcus '
CDs offer a wide range of terms — from six months to six years — providing plenty of flexibility .
And its 10 - day guaranteed rate on CDs means you wo n't miss out on a higher return .
On a high - yield CD , you can add to it during the first 30 days – even if you ’ve reached the $ 500 minimum requirement .
Marcus by Goldman Sachs now has an app available on iOS and Google Play , where you can view your account balance .
What to watch for :
Since it 's an online bank , Marcus does n't have any branches .
Marcus also does n't offer a checking account .
If you 're looking for a full - service bank , you may be better served elsewhere .
On its high - yield CDs , if you withdraw from a CD early , Marcus has a penalty of 90 days of simple interest on a CD that has a term less than 12 months , a penalty of 270 days of simple interest on a CD ranging from one year to five years and a penalty of 365 days of simple interest on a CD with a term longer than five years .
If you ’re concerned about early withdrawal penalties , Marcus has a no-penalty CD .
This CD has three terms to choose from : seven months , 11 months or 13 months .
You ’re able to withdraw from a Marcus no-penalty CD beginning seven days after the day you fund the CD .
But you ca n’t make a partial withdrawal .
Also , once the balance on your no-penalty CD hits the minimum balance requirement of $ 500 , you ca n’t add to this CD .
Synchrony Bank : 3 months – 5 years , 0.25 % APY – 0.90 % APY ; $ 2,000 Minimum Deposit to Open
Synchrony Bank CD Rates Term APY Minimum Deposit 3 months 0.25 % $ 2,000 6 months 0.50 % $ 2,000 9 months 0.50 % $ 2,000 12 months 0.60 % $ 2,000 13 months 0.60 % $ 2,000 14 months 0.60 % $ 2,000 15 months 0.60 % $ 2,000 18 months 0.60 % $ 2,000 24 months 0.70 % $ 2,000 3 years 0.75 % $ 2,000 4 years 0.75 % $ 2,000 5 years 0.90 % $ 2,000
Overview : Synchrony Bank , formerly known as GE Capital Retail Bank , offers a number of depository products for consumers , including CDs , money market accounts and savings accounts .
As an online bank , it has limited branches .
It also does n't offer a checking account .
But it does consistently offer some of the best rates available on CDs , with terms ranging from three months up to 60 months .
And Synchrony has a highly rated customer service department available by online chat or by phone seven days per week .
Customers of Synchrony get access to loyalty perks , including complimentary identity theft resolution services and travel and leisure discounts .
" Diamond customers " get a dedicated customer service number , access to webinars , three free wire transfers per statement cycle and unlimited ATM reimbursements .
Perks :
High rates are undeniably one of the biggest perks of CDs offered by Synchrony .
But Synchrony also frequently offers CD specials that come with specialty terms .
Those specials often come with high rates and provide an alternative to the typical CD terms .
In addition , you wo n't find a monthly service fee at Synchrony Bank .
What to watch for : Synchrony
Bank is n't a full - service bank .
It does n't offer a checking account .
That means you wo n't have much liquidity .
But sometimes that can be a good thing , if you 're looking to keep your hands off your cash while it grows .
Synchrony has early withdrawal penalties on its CDs .
If you withdraw early from a CD with a term of 12 months or fewer , you ’ll pay a penalty of 90 days of simple interest at the current rate .
If you made an early withdrawal on a CD with a term of more than a year but fewer than four years , you ’d incur a penalty of 180 days of simple interest at the current rate .
If you broke a Synchrony CD with a term of more than four years before it matured , you ’d pay 365 days of simple interest at the current rate .
If you withdraw interest that ’s been earned and credited during the CD ’s current term , you wo n’t incur a penalty .
Barclays Bank : 3 month – 5 years , 0.10 % APY – 0.40 % APY ; No Minimum Deposit to Open
Barclays Bank CD Rates Term APY Minimum Deposit 3 months 0.10 % $ 0 6 months 0.10 % $ 0 9 months 0.10 % $ 0 12 months 0.40 % $ 0 18 months 0.40 % $ 0 24 months 0.40 % $ 0 3 years 0.40 % $ 0 4 years 0.40 % $ 0 5 years 0.40 % $ 0
Overview : Barclays is popular for its credit cards and personal loans , but it's also a strong contender in the category of deposit accounts .
In fact , the bank offers a full suite of products , including a slew of online CDs and an online savings account .
Its rates are competitive across the board .
In the U.S. , its banking operation is only online .
That means Barclays can save on overhead costs and consistently pass that savings on to customers by offering some of the top available rates on CDs and savings accounts .
The bank 's CD terms range from three months to 60 months and require no minimum deposit , something that 's hard to find out of a high - yield CD .
Perks : Competitive interest rates and no minimum deposit requirement make CDs from Barclays hard to beat .
You 'll also get the benefit of an online banking experience and no hidden monthly fees .
What to watch for : Barclays , like many other online - based banks , is n't a full - service banking institution .
It does n't have a checking account , ATM network , mobile app or branch locations .
If you 're comfortable banking online , and only want to use Barclays for its savings products , credit cards or personal loan features , it can be a good fit .
Otherwise , you might want to look elsewhere .
And though Barclays CD rates are competitive , you may be able to lock in a higher rate from other online institutions .
At Barclays , there ’s a penalty of 90 days of simple interest on the amount withdrawn early from a CD with a term of two years or fewer .
A Barclays CD that has a term longer than two years will have an early withdrawal penalty of 180 days of simple interest on the amount withdrawn before maturity .
Barclays does n’t offer a no-penalty CD .
Comenity Direct : 1 year – 5 years , 0.60 % APY – 0.90 % APY ; $ 1,500 Minimum Deposit to Open
Comenity Direct CD Rates Term APY Minimum Deposit 12 months 0.60 % $ 1,500 24 months 0.75 % $ 1,500 3 years 0.85 % $ 1,500 4 years 0.85 % $ 1,500 5 years 0.90 % $ 1,500
Overview : Comenity Bank is best known for its co-branded , private label and business credit card programs .
Comenity Bank and Comenity Capital Bank partner with more than 160 retailers worldwide on those credit cards .
Comenity Direct was created in 2018 .
And in April 2019 , Comenity Direct launched a High - Yield Savings Account and five CDs .
Perks : Comenity Direct has competitive yields on five terms of CDs , and its CDs are FDIC - insured and interest accrues and compounds on a daily basis .
Comenity Direct made its April 2019 debut by offering top - tier yields on all of its CD selection .
What to watch for : Comenity Direct has an early withdrawal penalty on its CDs .
The penalty on CDs from a year to three years is 180 days of simple interest and 365 days simple interest on terms four years and longer .
Partial withdrawals of principal are n’t allowed .
Citizens Access : 1 year – 5 years , 0.60 % APY – 0.75 % APY ; $ 5,000 Minimum Deposit to Open
Citizens Access CD Rates Term APY Minimum Deposit 12 months 0.60 % $ 5,000 24 months 0.60 % $ 5,000 3 years 0.65 % $ 5,000 4 years 0.70 % $ 5,000 5 years 0.75 % $ 5,000
Overview : Citizens Financial Group , which has roots dating back to 1828 via High Street Bank , launched Citizens Access – its direct bank – in July 2018 .
Citizens Access debuted among some of the highest - yielding accounts and is still near the top of the leaderboard .
Perks : Citizens
Access takes pride in its fee - free approach .
Its CDs also give you the option of having your interest credited toward your principal or you can transfer it to another account .
What to watch for :
If you withdraw from your Citizens Access CD before it matures , a CD with a term of one year or shorter will be subject to a penalty of 90 days of interest on the CD balance .
A long - term CD at Citizens Access will receive a penalty of 180 days of interest on the CD balance if there is an early withdrawal .
American Express National Bank : 6 months – 5 years , 0.10 % APY – 0.55 % APY ; $ 0 Minimum Deposit to Open
American Express National Bank CD Rates Term APY Minimum Deposit 6 months 0.10 % $ 0 12 months 0.20 % $ 0 18 months 0.30 % $ 0 24 months 0.40 % $ 0 3 years 0.45 % $ 0 4 years 0.50 % $ 0 5 years 0.55 % $ 0
Overview : While American Express is perhaps most known for its credit cards , the company also provides savings accounts and CD options to consumers .
The FDIC - insured national bank offers attractive rates on all of its savings products .
Its CD rates are often the top - paying in the country .
As an extra bonus , it does n't have any fees or minimum balance requirements .
Perks : Extremely competitive interest rates , no minimum balance requirements , no fees and an easy application process make CDs from American Express hard to beat .
American Express also offers a wide range of terms to fit your needs , whether you 're looking for a short 6 - month deposit account or a longer 60 - month option .
What to watch for :
Like some other similar banks in the space , American Express does n't have a checking account option or an ATM card .
Checks need to be mailed in .
And customer support is limited to the phone .
If you 're looking for a full banking experience , you might be better served at another bank .
If you withdraw from an American Express CD that has a term of less than one year before it matures , you ’ll incur a penalty of 90 days of interest on the amount withdrawn .
CDs with a term of a year but shorter than four years will incur a penalty of 270 days of interest on the amount withdrawn if the amount is taken out before that CD matures .
A CD that ’s at least 48 months long but shorter than 60 months will have a penalty of 365 days of interest on the amount withdrawn .
And a CD with a term of five years or longer will have a penalty of 540 days of interest applied if you withdraw your principal balance or if the account is closed before it ’s set to mature .
American Express does n’t offer a no-penalty CD .
Amerant Bank : 1 year – 5 years , 0.35 % APY – 0.35 % APY ; $ 10,000 Minimum Deposit to Open
Amerant Bank CD Rates Term APY Minimum Deposit 12 months 0.35 % $ 10,000 18 months 0.35 % $ 10,000 24 months 0.35 % $ 10,000 3 years 0.35 % $ 10,000 4 years 0.35 % $ 10,000 5 years 0.35 % $ 10,000 * Rates above not available in Florida or Texas .
Overview : Amerant is the largest community bank headquartered in Florida .
Established over 40 years ago , the FDIC - insured institution has banking offices in Florida and Texas .
Amerant offers competitive APYs on CDs and a range of term options .
However , offers shown are not available in Florida or Texas .
Perks : Amerant offers competitive APYs on its CDs with term options from one year to five years .
What to watch for :
To earn interest on Amerant ’s CDs , you must open an account online with at least $ 10,000 .
The maximum total dollar limit per customer is $ 500,000 .
Special rates are offered only online and for a limited time .
CD rates mentioned are not available in Florida or Texas unless specified .
Ally Bank : 3 months – 5 years , 0.20 % APY – 1.00 % APY ; No Minimum Deposit to Open
Ally Bank CD Rates Term APY Minimum Deposit 3 months 0.20 % $ 0 6 months 0.40 % $ 0 9 months 0.50 % $ 0 11 months 0.75 % * $ 0 12 months 0.75 % $ 0 18 months 0.75 % $ 0 24 months 0.75 %** $ 0 3 years 0.75 % $ 0 4 years 0.75 %** $ 0 5 years 1.00 % $ 0 * No- penalty CD ** Raise your Rate CD
Overview : Since changing its name from GMAC Bank to Ally Bank in May 2009 , Ally Bank has become well - known for offering high - yield savings products to consumers .
It not only offers a suite of high - yield CDs , including a raise - your - rate CD and no-penalty CD , it also provides an online savings account , money market account and a checking account .
CDs terms from the bank range from three months to five years , offering some flexibility .
In addition to its savings products , it also provides credit cards , auto financing , home loans and investment products .
If you 're searching for a full - service online banking experience , Ally is worth consideration .
Perks : Ally 's CDs consistently offer competitive rates .
Ally also does n't charge any maintenance fees .
Online and on its app ,
Ally posts how long the wait time is for a customer service representative via telephone .
What to watch for : Notably ,
Ally does n't require a minimum deposit to open a CD .
If you withdraw from an Ally High Yield CD that has a term of two years or fewer before it matures , you ’ll incur a penalty of 60 days of interest .
If you have a CD between 25 months and three years , you ’ll be charged a penalty of 90 days of interest if you withdraw from it early .
An early withdrawal from a CD of 37 months to four years will cost 120 days of interest , and withdrawing from a CD that ’s 49 months or longer will cost you a penalty of 150 days of interest .
You can withdraw your money from an Ally no-penalty CD only after the first six days of funding their 11 - month CD .
Capital One : 6 months - 5 years , 0.20 % APY - 0.60 % APY ; $ 0 Minimum Deposit to Open
Capital One CD Rates Term APY Minimum Deposit 6 months 0.20 % $ 0 9 months 0.25 % $ 0 12 months 0.30 % $ 0 18 months 0.35 % $ 0 24 months 0.40 % $ 0 30 months 0.45 % $ 0 3 years 0.50 % $ 0 4 years 0.55 % $ 0 5 years 0.60 % $ 0
Overview : Capital
One is often associated with credit cards , but it also provides a range of depository and lending products to consumers through Capital One , an online banking subsidiary .
Capital
One offers a wide range of CDs , a savings account , a savings IRA and a checking account .
Yields from Capital
One tend to be competitive .
In fact , CD rates from the bank are consistently among the top nationally available options .
Along with stellar rates , Capital One 's banking products come with the security of being insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
Perks : High yields and low fees make CDs from Capital One top contenders .
And it offers a wide range of term options , from six months to 60 months .
But Capital
One also provides quality banking tools for money management and excellent customer service .
In fact , it has a number of Capital One Cafes spread throughout the country .
What to watch for : Capital
One 's highest yields are the one - year CD and the 18 - month CD .
After these competitive APYs , the yields begin to drop off starting with the two - year CD .
Capital One CDs with a term of a year or shorter have a penalty of three months ’ worth of interest .
Capital One CDs with terms longer than a year have a penalty of six months ’ worth of interest .
PurePoint Financial : 6 months – 5 years , 0.25 % APY – 0.50 % APY ; $ 10,000 Minimum Deposit to Open
Purepoint Financial CD Rates Term APY Minimum Deposit 6 months 0.25 % $ 10,000 11 months * 0.40 % $ 10,000 12 months 0.50 % $ 10,000 13 months * 0.35 % $ 10,000 14 months * 0.30 % $ 10,000 15 months 0.50 % $ 10,000 18 months 0.50 % $ 10,000 24 months 0.50 % $ 10,000 30 months 0.50 % $ 10,000 3 years 0.50 % $ 10,000 4 years 0.50 % $ 10,000 5 years 0.50 % $ 10,000 * No- penalty CD *
Overview : PurePoint Financial is a hybrid digital bank and a division of MUFG Union Bank , N.A. PurePoint Financial is a member of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc , which according to PurePoint ’s website is the fifth largest bank in the world , based on total assets .
As PurePoint says on its website , " And while we ’re a new brand , we ’re not new to banking . "
Perks : PurePoint Financial offers nine terms of regular CDs and three terms of no-penalty CDs .
Most customers should find a term that ’s right for them .
What to watch for : PurePoint Financial has high minimum balance requirements .
So you 'll need at least $ 10,000 to open any PurePoint Financial account .
PurePoint Financial has an early withdrawal penalty of 181 days of simple interest if you withdraw from a CD before it matures .
It also has three no-penalty CDs available , at terms of 11 , 13 and 14 months .
You ’re able to withdraw your balance on a no-penalty CD within the first six days after funding it , but you ’d incur a penalty of 181 days of simple interest .
The no-penalty - withdrawal period begins seven days after you fund this CD .
Investors eAccess : 6 months – 10 months , 0.40 % APY – 0.40 % APY ; $ 500 Minimum Deposit to Open
Investors eAccess CD Rates Term APY Minimum Deposit 6 months * 0.40 % $ 500 10 months 0.40 % $ 500 * No- penalty CD
Overview : Investors eAccess is the online - only division of Investors Bank .
It offers two certificates of deposit products : A six - month , no-penalty CD and a 10 - month CD .
The bank also offers a money market account .
Like many online banks , Investors eAccess ’ CD rates are competitive .
Additionally , the minimum balance requirements are low .
Perks : Investors eAccess ’ six - month no-penalty CD wo n’t penalize you for closing your account before your term ends , giving you more liquidity compared with traditional CDs .
The bank ’s 10 - month CD is n’t a no-penalty account .
Both accounts require only a $ 500 minimum deposit to open , making the top yields highly accessible .
Interest on both CDs compounds daily .
What to watch for :
You ca n’t make partial withdrawals from the six - month CD , so you ’ll have to close the account if you need to access your money .
However , any interest you ’ve earned can be withdrawn at any time without closing the account .
You ca n’t make a penalty - free withdrawal until at least seven days after you ’ve funded the CD .
If you need to withdraw from your Investors eAccess 10 - month CD before it matures , you ’ll incur a penalty of 90 days of simple interest .
CIT Bank : 6 months – 5 years , 0.35 % APY – 0.50 % APY ; $ 1,000 Minimum Deposit to Open
CIT Bank CD Rates Term APY Minimum Deposit 6 months 0.35 % $ 1,000 11 months * 0.35 % $ 1,000 12 months 0.35 % $ 1,000 13 months 0.35 % $ 1,000 18 months 0.35 % $ 1,000 24 months 0.40 % $ 1,000 3 years 0.40 % $ 1,000 4 years 0.50 % $ 1,000 5 years 0.50 % $ 1,000 * No- penalty CD
Overview : CIT
Bank is a nationwide direct bank , and is a division of CIT Bank , N.A. CIT Bank was founded in 2009 .
CIT Bank , N.A. is a subsidiary of CIT Group , Inc. , a financial holding company founded in 1908 .
Perks : CIT
Bank offers a variety of products .
These include a checking account , money market account , two savings accounts and an 11 - month no-penalty CD .
It also has eight terms of CDs to choose from .
These range from six months to a five - year CD .
What to watch for :
At CIT Bank , term , jumbo , ramp - up and ramp - up plus CDs with a term up to one year incur a penalty of three months of simple interest on the amount withdrawn before maturity .
If you make an early withdrawal from one of these CDs with a term more than one year and up to three years , you ’ll incur a penalty of six months ’ worth of simple interest on the amount you withdraw .
Finally , an early withdrawal on one of these CDs with a term of more than three years at CIT Bank would incur a penalty equal to 12 months ’ simple interest on the amount withdrawn .
You ca n’t withdraw from CIT Bank ’s no-penalty , 11 - month CD during the first six days after CIT Bank has received your deposit .
You can withdraw the total balance and interest earned from this no-penalty CD starting seven days after CIT Bank has received your money .
CIT Bank CDs renew to the same term automatically , except for the 13 - month CD and the 18 - month CDs .
Upon maturity , the former automatically renews as a 1 - year CD and the latter renews as a 2 - year CD .
Summary of best CD rates for September 2020
Bank 1 - year APY 3 - year APY 5 - year APY Minimum Deposit Marcus by Goldman Sachs 0.85 % 0.85 % 0.90 % $ 500 Synchrony Bank 0.60 % 0.75 % 0.90 % $ 2,000 Barclays Bank 0.40 % 0.40 % 0.40 % $ 0 Comenity Direct 0.60 % 0.85 % 0.90 % $ 1,500 Citizens Access 0.60 % 0.65 % 0.75 % $ 5,000 American Express National Bank 0.20 % 0.45 % 0.55 % $ 0 Amerant Bank 0.35 % 0.35 % 0.35 % $ 10,000 Ally Bank 0.75 % 0.75 % 1.00 % $ 0 Capital One 0.30 % 0.50 % 0.60 % $ 0 PurePoint Financial 0.50 % 0.50 % 0.50 % $ 10,000 CIT Bank 0.35 % 0.40 % 0.50 % $ 1,000 Note : The APYs ( Annual Percentage Yield ) shown are as of Sept. 15 , 2020 .
Bankrate ’s editorial team updates this information regularly , typically biweekly .
APYs may have changed since they were last updated .
The APYs for some products may vary by region .
The best no -penalty CD rates
If you ’re looking for a fixed annual percentage yield ( APY ) but are n’t sure when you ’ll need to access some of your money , a no-penalty CD can be a good compromise .
It may give you a higher yield than a savings account or money market account .
And the no-penalty CD 's APY is generally fixed .
A no-penalty CD might be a good option during uncertain times .
This applies to both the uncertainty of the economy due to coronavirus and the uncertainty of future rates .
A no-penalty CD can help savers concerned about maintaining as high a yield as possible despite the future direction of rates .
If rates go down , no-penalty CDs generally have fixed yields , which means you ’ll benefit from the higher rate you locked in on your existing CD .
And if rates skyrocket , you can withdraw your money without paying a penalty and roll that money into a higher - yielding no-penalty CD .
Compare the best no-penalty CDs to find the right one for you .
If you ’re sure you ’re not going to need your money for a certain period of time , a regular CD might earn you a higher APY .
But you ’ll likely incur a penalty if you make a withdrawal before the CD matures .
Marcus by Goldman Sachs : 7 months – 13 months , 0.55 % APY – 0.75 % APY ; $ 500 minimum deposit ( 7 - month no-penalty CD is 0.75 % APY )
Marcus by Goldman Sachs is a brand of Goldman Sachs Bank USA .
Marcus offers three no-penalty CD terms .
Marcus also offers regular CDs that do have a penalty for early withdrawals and a savings account .
Marcus made its debut in October 2016 with just unsecured personal loans before it began offering a savings account and CDs under the Marcus by Goldman Sachs brand in November 2017 .
Ally Bank : 11 months , 0.75 % APY ; $ 0 minimum deposit
Ally Bank started in 2004 and is headquartered in Sandy , Utah .
In 2009 , GMAC Bank was transformed into Ally Bank .
Ally Bank exceeded 1 million Ally Bank customer accounts in 2012 and currently has 1.5 million customers .
Besides its no-penalty CD , Ally Bank also offers a checking account , a money market account , term CDs , and two terms of a Raise Your Rate CD .
CIT Bank : 11 months , 0.35 % APY ; $ 1,000 minimum deposit
CIT Bank is CIT ’s national direct bank .
CIT Bank , N.A. is a subsidiary of CIT Group Inc .
Besides its no-penalty CD , it also offers eight terms of regular CDs and four terms of jumbo CDs .
In addition to its CDs , CIT Bank offers two savings accounts and a money market account .
CIT Bank also launched its eChecking account in November 2019 .
PurePoint Financial : 11 months - 14 months , 0.30 % APY – 0.40 % APY ; $ 10,000 minimum deposit ( 11 - month no-penalty CD is 0.40 % APY )
PurePoint Financial is a division of MUFG Union Bank , N.A .
It offers nine regular CD terms and three terms for its no-penalty CDs .
All of PurePoint Financials savings products require a $ 10,000 minimum deposit .
What to know about CD rates
Continue reading to learn more about certificates of deposit .
Bankrate regularly analyzes banks , gets insights from top financial experts , and compiles industry data to provide the information you need to make an informed financial decision when selecting a CD .
Our team has also interviewed financial professionals to give you expert advice on choosing the best CD rates .
Check out tips below from financial planning experts .
What is a CD ?
A CD , or certificate of deposit , is a type of savings account found at banks and credit unions that pays a set interest rate on money deposited .
In exchange , you agree to keep the full deposit in the account for a set term .
Common terms include three , six , nine , 12 , 18 , 24 , 36 , 48 and 60 months .
Generally , the longer the term , or amount of time you agree to lock up your money , the higher the interest rate .
CDs with higher APYs give you a better return on your deposited money .
When choosing the best CD rate for your financial goals , consider other factors , like minimum deposit requirements and monthly fees that could eat into your returns .
The biggest risk associated with traditional CDs is the penalty institutions charge for withdrawing money before the CD 's maturity date .
Traditional CDs come with a fixed - interest rate that 's locked in for the entire term , whether it ’s six months or five years .
And while it 's possible to withdraw money before the CD matures , most institutions charge stiff early - withdrawal penalties for doing so .
That makes it wise to keep the full deposit in the CD account for the full term .
Early withdrawal penalties can often offset any interest earned and some of the principal investment .
Some banks and credit unions , however , offer “ specialty ” CDs that give you more flexibility .
One such CD is a no-penalty account , which gives you the option to withdraw money early without incurring a penalty .
The catch ?
The interest rate paid on no-penalty CDs , and similar types of specialty CDs , is typically lower than a traditional CD .
In addition to traditional and no-penalty CDs , some institutions offer other specialty CD options .
These include jumbo CDs , bump - up CDs , callable CDs and zero- coupon CDs .
Overall , certificates of deposit are a safe place to stash cash .
They are insured up to $ 250,000 at banks by the FDIC and at credit unions by the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) , which operates and manages the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund .
CDs also do n’t suffer price fluctuations or losses like stocks , bonds and other market - driven investments do in down markets .
How does a CD work ?
With a certificate of deposit ( CD ) , you deposit money for a predetermined amount of time and earn interest on those funds .
The interest is usually compounded and added to the principal .
One of the reasons you get a higher annual percentage yield ( APY ) is because the bank , which uses deposits to fund loans , knows how long you ’ll be keeping your money in its CD .
If you withdraw before the CD ’s term matures , you may incur a penalty .
CDs are popular accounts for longer - term money with capital preservation as the main goal .
Choose your CD length wisely .
The duration of CD accounts typically determines the rate ; the longer the term , the higher your APY will usually be .
Luckily , CD rates come in a wide variety of terms , commonly ranging from six months to five years , to suit your particular financial situation .
Once your CD ’s term matures , you get your principal back plus any interest earned .
Banks generally reach out in advance of the maturity date and let customers know that their CD will soon come due .
Once the CD matures , a grace period goes into effect .
During this grace period — which may last for seven to 10 days — account holders can decide whether they will withdraw the funds in their account , or let the CD automatically renew for another term of the same length or inform the bank they would like a CD with a new term .
Think carefully about what you ’ll do with the money you locked in a CD before it matures .
If you have a short - term CD that you end up rolling over year - after - year , you ’ll likely end up earning less interest than you would if you had invested in a long - term CD from the very beginning .
When should you get a CD ?
First and foremost , getting a CD makes sense when you have the financial stability to lock away some of your cash for a set period of time .
That ’s because you can face strict penalties for withdrawing money before the CD matures .
That makes a fixed - rate CD a good product for those who do n’t like surprises — and want to know their rate of return beforehand .
Because they ’re low - risk investments , CDs tend to be associated with more risk - averse savers .
But people of different ages can benefit from sticking some of their cash into a CD .
" CDs can be a good investment when you are looking to protect principal , meaning you do not want to risk the value going down , but want a better return than what you can get in a savings account , " says Juli Erhart - Graves , certified financial planner , and president of Worley Erhart - Graves Financial Advisors in Indianapolis , Indiana .
On the investment risk spectrum , says Erhart - Graves , CDs tend to be a step above a savings account but a step below an actual bond .
Certificates of deposit work well for short - term financial goals , like savings for a down payment on a house or a new car .
Tying up money in a CD for 12 months or two years could be one way to stop yourself from dipping into your savings prematurely .
But due to inflation , using a CD to build wealth over time wo n’t work in your favor .
Historically , inflation has risen over time , which reduces the purchasing power of money earning a yield below the rate of inflation .
“ This is why I would n’t even recommend that a retiree puts all their money in CDs , ” says Dana Twight , founder and principal of Twight Financial Education .
CD rates have been trending lower for a while since the Fed has lowered its own rates .
But banks are still competing for your money ; however , this competition may slacken .
If you ’re considering a CD or might need one in the near term , it makes little sense to delay .
The Fed is unlikely to move rates higher for some time , and CD rates may continue to fall more .
That means it ’s probably smart to act now if you ’re looking to lock in a rate .
If you ’ve historically kept a lot of your money in a savings account , now could be a good opportunity to lock in your CD rate .
Rates on savings accounts have fallen , too .
While some banks are offering savings yields that are currently higher than what you can receive on a CD , it ’s a good bet that the rates on savings accounts will continue to decline .
However , you may be able to lock in a yield with a CD before rates fall further .
If you do so , you may be able to trade in your low - yielding savings account for a higher - yielding CD .
What term should I select ?
CDs come in a range of terms .
Typically , the longer the term , the higher the yield .
But it 's important to consider more than yield when choosing a CD term .
Selecting a term comes down to a couple of main factors — your financial needs and the current rate environment .
Think about how soon you 'll need the money back .
If you know you 'll need to use the money for a purchase within 12 months , for example , favor shorter terms , like 3 , 6 or 12 months .
Keep in mind that traditional fixed - rate CDs often come with steep early withdrawal penalties .
Consider the rate environment as well when choosing a CD term .
In a rising rate environment , investing in shorter terms can help you take advantage of current rates and reinvest in higher rates later on .
What happens if you cash in a CD early ?
If you cash a CD in early , you may incur an early withdrawal penalty .
This penalty is going to be imposed by the bank that issued the CD .
There can be a way to deduct a CD penalty , says Rachel Ivanovich , enrolled agent at Easy Life Management in Carlsbad , California .
“ It ’s just an above - the - line deduction , ” Ivanovich says .
“ It goes in the adjustments section on the 1040 , that if you take the CD out early , and there is a penalty , you can deduct that . ”
Why are CDs good for small investors ?
CDs are good for small investors because you do n’t need a large minimum deposit to open one and they can offer competitive yields .
Currently , there are CD options that have no minimum deposit requirement .
CDs are perfect for the investor who has a low - risk tolerance and wants a fixed rate of return .
CDs usually have fixed rates for the term , but there are some exceptions .
For instance , step - up CDs usually start with a lower APY and gradually increase on an annual basis .
Some banks , meanwhile , offer variable - rate CDs .
" A certificate of deposit is a fine choice if you have a specific cash need at a future date .
Invest your money with complete safety , a known return and a defined time frame for when you ’ll get that money .
Seek out the top yields on the maturity that suits your timetable . "
- Greg McBride , CFA , Bankrate chief financial analyst .
Are CDs safe ?
If a CD is held at either a FDIC - insured bank or at a credit union regulated by the NCUA and insured by the NCUSIF , your money is safe as long as it ’s within insurance guidelines .
These accounts are safe at online banks , brick - and - mortar banks and credit unions because they ’re backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government .
Just make sure you ’re not exceeding the insurance limits .
The standard insurance limit is $ 250,000 per depositor , per insured bank , for each account ownership category at an FDIC - insured bank .
For federally insured credit unions , the standard share insurance is $ 250,000 per share owner , per insured credit union , for each account ownership category .
Impact of COVID - 19 on certificates of deposit
The coronavirus pandemic has damaged the nation 's economy to the point where nearly half of U.S. households say it has diminished their income .
Lost jobs , furloughs and reduced work hours have taken a tremendous toll on spending — and saving .
In response to the crisis , the Federal Reserve dropped its benchmark interest rate to near zero and is expected to hold it there through 2022 .
Yields on certificates of deposit tumbled as a result .
“ The sharp economic plunge due to the pandemic has brought interest rates to record lows , so CD investors are taking it on the chin , " says Greg McBride , CFA , chief financial analyst for Bankrate .
This scenario is especially tough on seniors .
“ Retirees dependent upon interest income are most directly affected , ” McBride says .
Navigating the uncertainty of CDs
Despite low yields , CDs still have advantages .
Unlike the volatile , unpredictable stock market , a CD offers guaranteed returns :
You know exactly how much it will grow and the very day on which it will reach its full value .
“ While the return on a CD is n’t much more than a top - yielding savings account , it provides certainty of knowing what you ’re going to earn over the term , " McBride says .
" If you do n’t need the money for 12 months , you can lock in a rate of return . ”
You will need to lock up your money for the entire term , however .
If you withdraw the money before the maturity date , you generally will have to pay a penalty fee .
But here ’s another bright spot :
Some banks , like BBVA and BMO Harris , are temporarily waiving early withdrawal penalties on CDs because of economic hardship during the pandemic .
You may be able to access your funds before the term is up without losing earnings , so check with your bank .
CD strategies during COVID - 19
CDs can work to your advantage even when rates are low .
They still pay more than traditional savings accounts .
“ Generally , CDs are ideal in a declining rate environment , or as a way to lock in a higher rate on a longer term if you do n’t think rates will increase any time soon , " said Nicole Straub , vice president of deposits at Discover Financial Services , in an email .
Typically , the longer the term , the higher the yield .
Laddering multiple CDs — where you buy multiple CDs at once that mature at different intervals — will give you more flexibility .
If you find a better investment , you can take advantage of it .
And your ladder does n't have to include CDs from the same bank .
Shop around for better APYs .
Online banks tend to pay higher yields because they have lower overhead .
But the best strategy in this economic crisis is to find the CDs that work best for you .
CDs come in many varieties and you may find the product that suits you best does n't offer the highest APY .
“ How to use CDs in your personal savings strategy differs for each person , whether we are in the middle of a pandemic or not , ” Straub says .
“ CDs should be considered once you have enough liquid savings should someone lose their job or an unexpected expense arises .
“ So , when deciding the best strategy for you , first evaluate your liquid savings , then decide how long you are comfortable having money locked up .
And make sure you do your research before you pick a company that offers CDs . "
What to consider when choosing a CD
Start by thinking about your financial goals and why you want to open a CD .
If it 's to save for the purchase of a vehicle in a year , for example , you may want to choose a CD with a 12 - month term .
That way it will mature at the same time you 're ready to buy your new car .
It 's also important to consider the interest rate you 're getting , how often the interest compounds and whether you 're more comfortable with a CD from an online bank or from a traditional institution with branches .
Keep in mind that online banks typically offer higher rates as they have less overhead and pass along those savings to customers .
Consider the type of CD you want as well .
There are many different kinds of CDs that can be useful in various situations .
For example , a no-penalty CD could be useful if you need access to your cash and want to withdraw your money without incurring a penalty .
Before you choose a CD , weigh the pros and cons to ensure you 're making the right investment choice for your financial situation .
Here are some of the pros and cons of CDs :
Pros Longer - term
CDs typically have a higher APY than money market accounts or savings accounts .
CDs are a good place to keep money that you want to save and do n’t want to easily touch and spend .
Deposit insurance covers accounts at FDIC banks up to at least $ 250,000 .
And at an NCUA bank , your money is federally insured to at least $ 250,000 .
A CD can diversify your savings plan with a guaranteed rate .
If you keep your money in a CD for the full term , your principal is safe .
Cons
Your money is in an account for potentially a long period of time .
Many CDs have early withdrawal penalties .
If rates rise substantially or an emergency happens , you will likely have to pay a penalty to withdraw your money .
You could potentially earn greater rates of return in the stock market or by investing in other securities .
Types of CDs
Financial institutions offer a wide range of CDs to fit different financial situations .
Take time to consider which type of CD is best for you .
Traditional CDs
Traditional CDs are the most common .
With these CDs , you deposit money for a specific term , like 12 months or 60 months , and receive a fixed interest rate on your principal investment .
These types of CDs generally do n't let you deposit additional funds before the CD matures .
They also tend to have strict early withdrawal penalties .
When this CD makes sense :
You know exactly when you need the money and there ’s no chance you need it before .
Great for CD ladders or another CD investing strategy where timing is important .
No - Penalty CDs
Traditionally , CDs are known as time deposit accounts .
Standard CDs typically come with early withdrawal penalties :
If you withdraw from a CD before it matures , you ’ll usually incur a penalty that ’s equal to a certain amount of interest earned during a period of time .
For instance , a bank may impose a penalty of 90 days of simple interest on a one - year CD if you withdraw from that CD earlier than a year .
However , some banks offer no-penalty CDs — also known as liquid CDs — which allow you to withdraw your money early without having a penalty fee cut into your interest earnings .
A bank may require that you wait at least some time , generally around six or seven days , before you ’re able to withdraw from a no-penalty CD .
If the institution lets you withdraw money during that time period , you may incur a penalty .
Some banks may not allow a partial withdrawal from your no-penalty CD .
Generally , you are n’t able to add to no-penalty CDs .
No-penalty CD rates tend to be lower than regular CDs but can be higher than some savings accounts or money market accounts .
When this CD makes sense :
You ’re mostly confident that you wo n’t have to withdraw the money before the CD matures , but you might have to tap it .
You ’re willing to give up a little return for a flexible withdrawal .
Jumbo CDs
Jumbo CDs generally require savers to deposit $ 100,000 or more .
The phrase “ jumbo CDs ” is n’t that common these days .
But some banks still offer them .
Generally , you can find the same or even higher APYs in CD products that are n’t considered jumbo CDs .
But some jumbo
CDs reward customers for these large deposits with a higher yield .
When this CD makes sense : A jumbo CD is a good option if you can get a little extra yield for depositing more money and you ’re sure you wo n’t need to access your money during the term of the CD .
Brokered CDs
CDs sold through brokerage firms are known as brokered CDs .
You need a brokerage account with an institution in order to qualify for one of these certificates of deposit .
Brokered CDs sometimes carry higher rates than traditional CDs from your local bank , but they also carry more risk .
That 's because they can be traded like bonds , and if you decide to sell before the maturity date , you could end up taking a loss .
You will want to verify that where your money is to be deposited is FDIC - insured , too .
When this CD makes sense :
You can get a somewhat higher yield by being able to sit through the ups and downs of the market .
A brokered CD is a good option if you ’re sure you wo n’t need to touch the principal before it matures , therefore avoiding the risk that you ’ll take out the money when the CD dips .
Callable CDs
Callable CDs carry more risk than traditional CDs , but they tend to offer higher interest rates .
The risk is that the bank issuing the CD can " call " your CD before it fully matures , limiting the amount of interest you might earn .
For example , if you purchase a three - year CD with a six - month call - protection period , the financial institution could call the CD back after the first six months .
You will get your full principal and interest earned ; however , you would need to reinvest your money , likely at lower rates .
When this CD makes sense :
If rates are not expected to fall further over the life of the CD , a callable CD could make sense .
Otherwise , if rates dip significantly outside the call protection period , the bank will likely call in its CD .
Bump - up CDs
These types of CDs allow you to request that the bank increase your rate during the CD term under certain conditions .
Institutions that issue this CD option usually only allow one bump - up per term .
For example , imagine purchasing a three - year CD at a given rate , and one year into the term , the bank offers an additional half - point rate increase .
With a bump - up CD , you 're allowed to request a rate increase for the remainder of the term .
The disadvantage is that bump - up CDs often pay lower initial rates than traditional CDs .
But bump - up CDs can be useful tools in certain environments .
When this CD makes sense : A bump - up CD could be a good option if rates are expected to rise significantly during the term of the CD .
Otherwise , you ’re likely accepting a lower rate for little potential upside .
Step -up CDs
Like bump - up CDs , step - up CDs give you the opportunity to move up to a higher yield if rates rise .
The difference is that with step - up CDs , banks automatically increase rates in the CD at certain intervals .
You do n't have to request a rate increase .
Like with bump - up CDs , the disadvantage is that you 'll generally get a lower initial rate .
There 's also no certainty that you would end up with a better return than if you had parked your savings in a traditional CD with a higher yield instead .
When this CD makes sense : A step - up CD may be a good option if rates are expected to move up substantially during the term of the CD .
However , this rise may already be priced into a traditional CD , so it may be simpler and more rewarding to go with a traditional CD from the start .
Add-on CDs
Generally , CDs allow you to only make a single initial deposit .
That 's not the case with add - on CDs .
These products give you the option to make multiple deposits during the term .
The exact number of additional deposits you can make varies by institution .
When this CD makes sense :
An add - on CD could be a good choice if you ’re likely to have more money to add to the account and you ’re getting a good rate from it .
If rates are likely to rise , however , you could simply add new money to another higher - yielding CD .
Zero-coupon CDs
Zero-coupon CDs allow you to buy the CD at a discount to its value .
When the CD matures , you receive the full value of the CD .
In this way , they are similar to zero - coupon bonds .
Let 's say you purchase a $ 20,000 zero - coupon CD for $ 10,000 .
You wo n't receive interest payments during the term .
Instead , you get $ 20,000 when the CD matures in addition to the accrued interest in a lump sum .
These are typically long - term investments , making them ill - suited to those who are seeking a short - term timeline .
When this CD makes sense :
You ’re able to lock up your money for the term and do n’t need to access it at all .
IRA CDs
An IRA CD is a CD that 's held inside an individual retirement account .
These types of CDs offer guaranteed returns .
And traditional IRAs are tax - deferred accounts , which means you do n't pay taxes on earnings until you withdraw the money .
However , you wo n’t get rich on these investments as the return potential on cash historically has been lower than stocks and bonds .
When this CD makes sense :
You have an IRA and need a risk - free option for your money that still earns some yield .
This could be an option if you need to hold cash in your account , for example , as you approach retirement and need to reduce your overall portfolio risk .
Should you open a CD for your child ?
Whether you should open a CD for your child depends on when the money is going to be used .
If you wo n’t need the money for a set amount of time , a CD could be a great way to grow your child ’s savings .
If the goal is to earn a fixed APY , that would also be a reason to consider a CD .
However , if this is money that you ’re looking to gain a potentially higher rate of return , you may want to look at investment options .
But these potential gains could have risk of principal , so it all depends on what the money is being used for , your time horizon for the money and whether you want a guaranteed rate of return or a riskier investment .
If it ’s unclear when your child might need the money , consider a savings account or money market account .
What you can and can't do with a CD
You can typically earn a higher APY with a CD than most savings accounts or money market accounts .
That interest is usually compounded on a daily , monthly , quarterly or annual basis .
It is usually credited to your account on a monthly , quarterly , semiannual or annual basis .
You can re-evaluate the CD after the term expires .
You usually have a grace period between the CD ’s maturity date and renewal date .
This allows you to renew it , change the terms or withdraw and close it .
You usually can’t add money to CDs until they mature .
In most cases , can withdraw from a CD at any time , but this may result in an early withdrawal penalty .
So this is something to avoid , if possible .
CDs and Taxes
Are you taxed on a CD when it matures ?
Yes , you will be taxed on the interest earned on a CD that contains non-qualified money – money that you already paid income tax on .
However , if the money is in a traditional IRA CD , you will pay taxes when the money is withdrawn .
This is because traditional IRAs are tax - deferred accounts .
In some cases , you can deduct your CD on your taxes .
If you ’re eligible to contribute to a traditional IRA CD , you may be eligible for a full deduction up to your contribution limit or a partial deduction .
Your modified adjusted gross income , your marital status and whether you ’re covered by a retirement plan at work are some of the factors that will determine if you ’re eligible for an IRA deduction .
Does cashing a CD count as income ?
Interest earned from CDs is an example of taxable interest , according to the Internal Revenue Service .
When you earn $ 10 of interest or more , you should receive Copy B of Form 1099 - INT or Form 1099 - OID .
Even if you do n’t receive a 1099 , all taxable and tax - exempt interest must be reported on your federal income tax return .
Also , interest may be called dividends .
If your CD is a regular bank CD that you opened using funds that have already been taxed , the return of principal should n’t be taxed again , Easy Life Management ’s Ivanovich says .
One exception to this would be , for instance , if the funds were rolled over from a 401 ( k ) into a traditional IRA CD and those funds have never been taxed .
If you ’re withdrawing from a traditional IRA CD in that situation , the money that you withdraw will count as income .
What causes CD rates to rise ?
The yields on Treasurys , competition among banks , eagerness to secure deposits and the ability to lend money for a higher rate are some factors that cause CD rates to increase .
So , if Treasurys rise , it ’s likely that some banks may raise rates .
“ Banks take the deposits that we give them and lend them back out , ” Stockton says .
“ So , to the extent that banks can get better returns on lending the money out for a longer duration , they can offer better rates to consumers on CDs for locking in their money for a longer duration . "
Do CD rates differ by state ?
Generally , online banks tend to keep rates consistent across states .
If a bank has a brick - and - mortar location in a certain state , it may not offer an online account in that state .
“ Most of the purely online banks offer the same rates across the country , ” Stockton says .
“ With that said , there are certainly some banks who will do promotions from time to time or have a special ( offer ) locally . ”
It ’s possible for a bank to have different rates in different markets because different markets have different competitive conditions , Stockton says .
" All of the community banks and credit unions are typically different in different markets , ” Stockton says .
“ And so banks overall have to compete with whoever 's in each of their local markets .
So it may make more sense to have a higher rate in some markets where they 're competing against some really aggressive community banks or credit unions that maybe are n’t in their other market . ”
What to know about CD ownership
CDs can be owned or titled in different ways .
They can be owned by an individual or held jointly .
A joint account just means two or more people .
It does n’t necessarily mean just two people .
At some banks , you may be able to have your CD titled as payable on death ( POD ) to a specific beneficiary .
This means that upon your death , the funds go to your beneficiary or beneficiaries .
Some POD accounts may avoid probate .
But even if the funds avoid probate , they could still be a part of your taxable estate .
A joint account or a POD account may help you get additional FDIC insurance .
A joint account has a coverage limit of $ 250,000 per co-owner .
Each co-owner ’s shares of every joint account at the same insured bank are added up and insured up to $ 250,000 , according to the FDIC .
Always check with your bank to make sure your money is fully insured .
PODs fall under the Revocable Trust Account section at the FDIC .
Generally , the owner of a revocable trust is insured up to $ 250,000 for each different beneficiary if the proper requirements are met .
What to know about CD compounding
The nature of CD compounding
An APY already includes the effect of compounding .
That ’s one of the reasons you should always compare APYs rather than comparing interest rates .
CD compounding versus other savings accounts products
Generally , CDs , savings accounts , money market accounts and interest - checking accounts all either compound interest on a daily , monthly , quarterly or annual basis .
Daily is the most common – followed by monthly .
But the APY already includes the effect of compounding in it .
So , as long as you compare APYs – and not interest rates – you ’ll be able to get an apples - to - apples comparison of which account will earn you the most interest over time .
Can you keep depositing into a CD
Traditional fixed - term CDs typically do n't allow additional deposits , but certain non-traditional types may .
It depends on the institution and the type of CD being offered .
For example , some banks may offer a variable - rate CD with the ability to make ongoing deposits , but not all variable - rate CDs allow for that perk .
And while it is possible to find CD accounts that allow for additional deposits , savers may have to sacrifice some yield in order to get that benefit .
CD accounts with this feature also tend to come with restrictions , like minimum or maximum amounts for each additional deposit , minimum opening deposits and constraints on when you can deposit .
CDs vs. Other Savings Accounts
CDs vs. IRAs
Generally , CDs are viewed as savings products , while IRAs ( individual retirement accounts ) are a type of investment account geared toward retirement savings .
There are also hybrid products known as IRA CDs , which are IRA accounts that invest in CDs .
Not all CDs can be IRAs , so check with your financial institution .
When it comes to taxes , the interest earned on a traditional CD will be taxed for that tax year if the deposits were made with non-qualified money .
In contrast , a traditional IRA is a tax - deferred account , which means taxes will be paid upon withdrawal .
A Roth IRA is taxed upfront but allows for tax - free withdrawals .
A portion of your retirement money in CDs may help diversify your portfolio .
This may be a good option for money that you do n’t want in a fluctuating investment product , such as stocks or riskier non-investment grade bonds that offer higher yields .
CDs vs. Traditional Savings Accounts
Savings and money market accounts are more liquid than CDs .
That means the funds you store in those types of accounts are easier to access and have fewer withdrawal penalties and limitations .
You could withdraw the savings you ’ve stashed in a CD , but be prepared to pay a penalty if you take your money out before the CD ’s maturity date ( unless you ’ve purchased a no- penalty CD ) .
CDs vs. Money Market Accounts
The gap between interest rates tied to CDs and savings accounts has narrowed .
But CDs are more likely to pay a higher yield .
CDs and money market accounts have some similarities .
Both are types of savings products that banks and credit unions offer .
Both are considered safe , since they ’re insured by the FDIC at banks or the NCUSIF at credit unions .
And generally , savers opening a CD or money market account have to meet higher minimum deposit requirements than they would with a savings account .
However , money market accounts offer more liquidity than CDs , often providing the ability to write a limited number of checks per month directly out of the account .
Some money market accounts offer a debit card .
Those liquidity features are n't something you 'll find with CDs .
In exchange for less liquidity , however , CDs typically offer a higher interest rate than money market accounts .
CD vs. Investment Accounts
CDs are a form of investment product .
Investment accounts , or brokerage accounts , are financial accounts that house your investments .
You can find brokerage accounts at a number of investment companies , mutual fund companies or brokerage firms , such as Vanguard or Charles Schwab .
Brokerage accounts can hold a number of different investments , including CDs , stocks , bonds and mutual funds .
For example , you could purchase a CD through a brokerage and keep it in your investment account .
In the same account , you could house a mutual fund and a stock portfolio .
CDs vs. Bonds
Investors have a lot to consider when deciding between a CD and a bond .
Traditional CDs from banks are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , or from the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund if you ’re getting a CD from a National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) credit union .
CDs are safe investments that typically pay a fixed interest rate .
In other words , you know how much you ’re earning upfront .
You ’re also guaranteed to receive that amount of interest for the term and get your full principal amount back , as long as you do n’t make any premature withdrawals .
“ They 're really only appropriate for short - term needs , simply because they are too low .
The rates of return are too low , ” says Mari Adam , president and founder of Adam Financial Associates Inc .
If you ’re interested in having more flexibility and you want the chance to earn a higher yield , you may want to consider investing in a bond .
A bond is a loan you make to a government or a corporation to receive a fixed - rate return .
You can sell a bond before it matures without getting hit with an early withdrawal penalty , and you can also potentially avoid paying taxes on the interest you earn .
There are many different types of bonds , and some are riskier than others .
Bonds are n’t protected by FDIC or NCUSIF insurance like CDs are .
And the value of your bonds will vary depending on what ’s happening with interest rates .
If interest rates are rising , the price of your bonds will likely fall and vice versa .
“ ( Bonds are ) driven by market conditions and market prices , ” Adam says .
“ So you could buy a bond or a bond fund and a year from now it may be worth more than you paid .
It could also be worth less than you paid .
So you do n't have that certainty . ”
Some examples of bonds you could invest in include :
Bond funds : Pooled investments made up of different types of bonds and other debt instruments .
Pooled investments made up of different types of bonds and other debt instruments .
Municipal bonds : Issued by governmental entities like states and counties to pay for different projects and infrastructure .
Issued by governmental entities like states and counties to pay for different projects and infrastructure .
Corporate bonds : Bonds issued by companies and corporations that typically pay higher yields .
Bonds issued by companies and corporations that typically pay higher yields .
Junk bonds : Riskier bonds with a greater likelihood of default that pay higher yields .
Riskier bonds with a greater likelihood of default that pay higher yields .
Treasury bonds : Securities issued and backed by the federal government .
Securities issued and backed by the federal government .
Zero-coupon bonds : Securities that do n’t pay interest and are normally issued at a discounted rate .
Securities that do n’t pay interest and are normally issued at a discounted rate .
Foreign bonds : Purchased from foreign entities .
Purchased from foreign entities .
Mortgage - backed securities : Bonds backed by real estate loans that are typically pooled .
Before you choose a bond or bond fund , it ’s best to do your research and consider the risk , maturity and quality of the bond .
When to stick with a savings account instead of a CD
A savings account is best for either an emergency savings account or for money that you know you ’ll need in less than a year .
This is because savings accounts are liquid – meaning you can generally access your money at any time .
A savings account is best for money that you either expect to use , or for funds that you do n’t expect to use but may need quick access to if an emergency or unplanned expense occurs .
A CD is a time deposit , meaning it has a fixed term and generally a fixed APY .
You ’ll also likely incur a penalty if you withdraw your principal before it matures .
Even if your CD earns more than a savings account , a penalty could negate the higher APY .
Generally , CDs are better for funds that have a time horizon of a year or longer because they may help you earn more interest than a liquid savings account .
But if liquidity and access is more important for these funds , stick with a savings account to avoid incurring early withdrawal penalties in a CD .
How to build a CD ladder
Laddering is a method to space out maturity dates on your CDs .
This investment strategy involves savers buying multiple CDs at once that mature at different intervals .
It ’s a way to both spread out when the money is available and protect yourself from being stuck in a long - term CD if rates rise .
" Looking for a regular stream of interest income ?
Consider a CD ladder where your money is diversified over a range of maturity dates , structured so you get to reinvest at consistent intervals . "
- Greg McBride , CFA , Bankrate ’s chief financial analyst .
Generally , the longer your CD term , the higher your rate of return .
One way to grow your savings and earn as much interest as possible is to build a CD ladder .
You could buy several CDs with different term lengths at one time , giving you the chance to invest in a longer - term CD with a higher yield and short - term CDs that will mature within a shorter period of time , like six months or one year .
For instance , a CD laddering plan of three CDs might have a one - year CD , a two - year CD and a three - year CD .
If you have $ 15,000 to invest , you could invest $ 5,000 in each rung :
$ 5,000 in a one - year CD
$ 5,000 in a two - year CD
$ 5,000 in a three - year CD
CD laddering can also shield you from interest rate changes .
If rates are rising , you ’ll be able to take advantage of higher yields when your existing CDs mature .
And if interest rates are falling , you ’ll be happy that you locked up your savings when your bank was paying a higher rate .
Consider keeping your CD ladder focused on CDs with shorter - term maturities during a rising interest rate environment , so you can more quickly take advantage of higher rates .
Conversely , locking into CDs with longer terms makes more sense when rates are moving lower because it enables you to continue earning higher CD yields than the market currently offers .
" When rates are declining , you want to go long on your ladder because then you want to tie up that high rate for the longest period of time . "
- Dana Twight , Twight Financial Education
Certificate of Deposit FAQs
What is considered a good CD rate ?
A good CD rate depends on a few factors , but the true answer is framed by your personal needs .
If you need your money in a year , for example , your best CD options will be for a year or less .
If you ’re able to lock up your money for longer , then you may be able to achieve a higher yield with a longer - term CD .
Typically , longer terms pay more .
Knowing for certain that you wo n’t need your cash for a specific time period also typically allows you to earn a higher rate .
The bank is willing to pay you more for the certainty that your money will be there when needed .
If you ca n’t provide that certainty , it may cost you some return if you have to go with a flexible no-penalty CD , for example .
But while your choices have narrowed , you may still be able to get a good rate from within that selection .
In general , however , if you ’re receiving a rate that ’s above average , you ’re getting a good rate .
But you do n’t have to settle for merely a good rate .
With the ability to search nationally on Bankrate , you could achieve one of the best rates across the country when you purchase a CD .
How much does a lower rate cost you ?
Each year a difference of 0.01 percent will cost $ 0.10 for every $ 1,000 you have invested .
For example , if you have $ 10,000 invested in a CD earning 0.5 percent interest when it could be earning one percent , you ’re missing out on an extra $ 50 annually .
Why an online bank may be the best choice for a CD
Online banks tend to offer higher APYs than brick - and - mortar banks .
These online - only institutions typically have lower overhead costs and are able to pass the savings along to their customers in the form of higher rates .
In addition , unlike your bank located on the corner of Main Street , online banks may need a higher APY to get your attention and earn your business .
What are the alternatives to a CD ?
If you 're interested in a safe alternative to a CD , you have a few options .
Money market accounts and savings accounts , for example , are interest - bearing deposit accounts that can be found at banks and credit unions .
Although those accounts typically do n't offer rates as high as CDs , they provide more liquidity .
Treasury securities are also historically safe investments , as they are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S.
Treasury , which means there ’s virtually no risk of default .
Issued by the U.S. government , Treasury securities , ranging from one - month bills to 30 - year bonds , are offered in increments of $ 100 and can be a good option for investors looking for a low - risk return .
Government bond funds can also be a worthy alternative to CDs .
These funds invest in debt securities issued and backed by the U.S. government , making them relatively safe , low - volatility investments .
You wo n’t lose your principal on government bonds that you hold to maturity .
In contrast , if you invest in bond funds there is potential downside if bond prices fall , as the value of the shares you purchased could decline as a result .
All bonds have so - called inflation risk , which occurs when the rate of inflation is higher than the yield you ’re earning on your bond .
CD rates versus inflation
Generally , the top - yielding CDs offer APYs above the inflation rate , but that 's not always the case .
Beating inflation , or at least keeping up with it , is important .
If you ’re not , you ’re losing purchasing power .
This means as time passes , your money wo n’t be able to buy as much as it does today .
How long can you leave money in a CD ?
You can keep your money in a CD and let it renew over and over .
CDs generally automatically renew .
“ When a certificate of deposit term ends , based on the bank ’s policy , it can be automatically renewed , unless the customer says otherwise , ” says Rhonda Thomas - Whitley , vice president and regulatory counsel at the Independent Community Bankers of America .
“ These terms are outlined in the required notices sent to the customers before the CD term expires .
Whether a customer can keep having it renew over and over again is up to the bank .
Unclaimed CDs can be escheated to the state , subject to those state ’s laws . ”
To avoid your CD being escheated if it ’s considered abandoned property , make sure you keep in touch with your bank and keep a valid mailing address on file .
Do CDs have beneficiaries ?
Banks give account holders with CDs the opportunity to name a beneficiary , or a specific person who will inherit your savings in the event that you die .
While naming a beneficiary for your CD may be the last thing on your mind , experts say it ’s an important step to take .
If you do n’t have a beneficiary designated to receive the funds in your CD , your savings will go through probate , the court process for deciding what happens to the property of an individual after their death .
If your loved ones have to go to court to determine what happens to your CD , they could wait a long time to claim your funds , depending on the state they live in .
“ Even in Florida , which I think is a pretty fast state , it could easily take a year or more , so your assets wo n't go to your beneficiary until they go through court , ” Adam Financial ’s Adam says .
“ The judge decides it 's OK .
Then they look at your will and they give it to your heir , but that could take a while and a lot of people do n't have wills . ”
Bottom line :
It ’s in your best interest to name a beneficiary to receive the money in your CD .
Keep in mind that even if you name someone as your beneficiary , the funds in your CD will still belong to you while you ’re still alive .
And if you ’re stuck trying to decide who to name as your beneficiary , avoid choosing a minor .
“ Minors generally cannot accept property without a custodian , ” Adam says .
How do I know if I 'm maximizing my return on my CD ?
You can help ensure you ’re maximizing your rate by taking the following actions :
Conduct a national search for best CD rates .
With a national search , you ’ll be sure you ’re getting the best rate at that period in time .
This is probably the single best step you can take to ensure that you ’re earning all you can .
Rates do change over time , so it ’s important to check for the top rate whenever you ’re looking to invest in a CD .
Putting money in an add - on CD may not be the best option , even if you can do so because a new CD may offer a higher rate .
Being able to lock up your funds for a guaranteed period of time will likely earn you a higher rate .
Avoid taking an early withdrawal , especially if you ’ll be charged a penalty for doing so .
If you know you ’ll need the money at a certain time , calculate the best rate until that period of time .
It may make more sense to go with a no-penalty CD .
Check to see how frequently the interest is compounded .
The more frequent the compounding , the higher the total return will be .
Some banks compound daily .
Do n’t be fooled by banks that compound more frequently but offer a lower APY .
Instead , focus on the APY , because that ’s the return that will ultimately go in your pocket .
Using these steps , you ’ll have greater certainty that you ’re maxing out what you can earn .
Bankrate 's Top CD Rates in September 2020
The experts at Bankrate have compiled the best available CD rates into an easy - to - read list so you can compare the highest rates and minimum deposits across top banks .
Not so Secret now hey !
The Blurb is from wikipedia " A new technology called electric reactive armour ( also known as electromagnetic reactive armour , or colloquially as electric armour ) is in development .
This armour is made up of two or more conductive plates separated by some space or by an insulating material , creating a high - power capacitor .
In operation , a high - voltage power source charges the armour .
When an incoming body penetrates the plates , it closes the circuit to discharge the capacitor , dumping a great deal of energy into the penetrator , which may vaporize it or even turn it into a plasma , significantly diffusing the attack . "
Have price cuts finally come to Sony's ( SNE ) PS3 ?
Right now , Dell ( DELL ) is selling the PS3 for $ 340 with free shipping .
It 's not clear if the discount is coming from Sony or Dell 's side , but there 's no obligation to bundle the console with a TV or PC .
( Sony execs told SAI last month the only price cuts planned for the PS3 were for game consoles bundled with Sony Bravia HDTVs . )
It 's hard to say if this is a one - time offer or if Sony is feeling out a new price point for the console .
But with December game console sales results expected later today ( and with Microsoft 's ( MSFT ) Xbox 360 expected to trounce the more - expensive PS3 in holiday sales ) , making the PS3 price cut permanent could put Sony back in the game .
We 're on the phone with both Sony and Dell , we 'll update as we hear more .
See Also :
Analyst : PS3 Price Drop To $ 300 Coming In April
Microsoft Exec : We 're Shocked Sony Has n't Cut PS3 Prices
Yet
Sony To ' Slay Sacred Cows '... So Are PS3 Price Cuts Coming ?
Sony's PS3 A Sinking Ship : Sales Plummet
So , yet again , the people of the virtual - concentration camp , known officially as ' Gaza ' , are being bombarded from the sky by the bully - boys of Tel Aviv .
State - of - the art Israeli jets , paid for by the United States , bomb civilian targets in this tragic , poverty - stricken wasteland which acts as a holding camp for the human beings the Israeli government would rather be dead .
Waiting in the wings are Israeli tanks preparing for a possible ground invasion of Gaza , again paid for by the United States .
The world watches as a nation of people , the Palestinians , are systematically crushed and destroyed by the tyrants who call the shots in Israel on behalf of that country 's real power structure ­ the House of Rothschild .
And , taxpayers of America ( and elsewhere ) , you are paying for this calculated slaughter .
The Palestinian ' territories ' of Gaza and the West Bank American aid to Israel accounts for something like a third of all US overseas aid when Israel is home to just .001 per cent of the global population and has one of the highest incomes per head in the world .
This is even without all the ' private ' donations from US corporations and individuals which are tax - deductible even when given to the Israeli military , unlike any other foreign power .
According to 2007 figures , the United States government gave more than $ 6.8 million to wealthy Israel every day while to the desperate and devastated Palestinians of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank they gave just $ 300,000 .
US military ' aid ' to Israel increased by more than a quarter to an average $ 3 billion a year in 2007 ­ a figure guaranteed for ten years .
This and other support makes Israel the biggest recipient of United States foreign military funding since the Second World War .
The United States is also Israel 's biggest supplier of fighter planes , weapons and other military technology .
As a result , Israel has the world 's largest F - 16 fleet outside the " United States Air Force " US Air Force .
In their book , The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy , John J. Mearsheimer and Stephen M. Walt write : ' Since the October War in 1973 , Washington has provided Israel with a level of support dwarfing the amounts provided to any other state .
It has been the largest annual recipient of direct U.S. economic and military assistance since 1976 and the largest total recipient since World War ll .
Total direct U.S. aid to Israel amounts to well over $ 140 billion in 2003 dollars .
Israel receives about $ 3 billion in direct foreign assistance each year , which is roughly one - fifth of America 's entire foreign aid budget .
In per capita terms , the United States gives each Israeli a direct subsidy worth about $ 500 per year .
This largesse is especially striking when one realizes that Israel is now a wealthy industrial state with a per capita income roughly equal to South Korea or Spain . '
Why do they do this ?
Because the House of Rothschild controls Israel and the House of Rothschild controls the political system of the United States .
The network that links the two is called ' Zionism ' , a Rothschild creation ­ just like Israel itself .
The might of this Zionist cabal spanning Israel , the United States , Europe and beyond is yet again , like the playground bully that it is , attacking the little kid in the calipers ­ the people of Gaza .
At the time of writing the death toll is 430 Palestinian men , women and children with more than 2,000 injured .
They are bombing the unarmed innocent knowing there will be no credible response ­ the way all bullies operate .
Oh , brave men of Israel ; oh how Yahweh would be so proud : ' When the LORD your God hands these nations over to you and you conquer them , you must completely destroy them .
Make no treaties with them and show them no mercy . '
Deuteronomy 7:1- 4
What we are seeing in Gaza , and have seen so many times , both there and in the Lebanon , is merciless Old Testament slaughter : cold , calculated , heartless slaughter .
' So they sent twelve thousand warriors to Jabesh - gilead with orders to kill everyone there , including women and children .
" This is what you are to do , " they said .
" Completely destroy all the males and every woman who is not a virgin " . '
Judges 21:10 - 24
' Then I heard the LORD say to the other men , " Follow him through the city and kill everyone whose forehead is not marked .
Show no mercy ; have no pity !
Kill them all ­ old and young , girls and women and little children .
But do not touch anyone with the mark .
Begin your task right here at the Temple " . '
Ezekiel 9:5- 7
' So they began by killing the seventy leaders .
" Defile the Temple ! " the LORD commanded .
" Fill its courtyards with the bodies of those you kill !
Go ! "
So they went throughout the city and did as they were told . '
Ezekiel 9:5- 7
The parallels are endless between the bloodthirsty ' God ' of the Old Testament and the actions of the heartless , soulless , Artificial Intelligence that controls Israel , most notably the biological robots of the House of Rothschild who thus have no soul , no empathy , no more mercy for the consequences of their actions than a desktop computer .
Imagine if Iran or anyone else outside Israel and the United States ( both Rothschild assets ) was doing what the Israeli military is doing in Gaza .
There would be global condemnation , not least from Israel and the United States , resolutions passed in the UN Security Council and talk of the need for sanctions or military intervention to ' save the innocent ' .
But when Israel does it we have vacuous calls for a truce , an end to the violence while ' understanding Israel 's position ' , and , in terms of soon - to - be President ' Change ' Obama , silence .
It 's all a fraction of what others would face because Israel is a wholly - owned asset of the Rothschilds and so is not subject to the same rules as anyone else .
As former Israeli Prime Minister , Ariel Sharon , said : ' Israel may have the right to put others on trial , but certainly no one has the right to put the Jewish people and the State of Israel on trial . '
And Prime Minister Golda Meir betrayed the same Zionist arrogance : ' This country exists as the fulfilment of a promise made by God Himself .
It would be ridiculous to ask it to account for its legitimacy . '
Ah , it 's all in the Old Testament ?
Gotcha , right , well do as you like then .
The ' Jewish homeland ' was from the start a Rothschild fiefdom orchestrated through the global secret society network of interbreeding families known as the Illuminati .
During the Israeli military attacks on the Lebanon in 2006 , the Israeli writer , Barry Chamish , told of a meeting with Evelyn Rothschild 's grandson , who abandoned the family to be a Mormon ( so actually he did n't , even if he thought he did ) .
Chamish said he learned that just seven families were enjoying the ' fruits of the war ' with the Lebanon .
The grandson had said of the Rothschilds : ' They created Israel as their personal toy .
It makes them richer and gives them more control .
It 's not going to be destroyed . '
The Rothschilds funded the early European settlers in Israel , manipulated events in Germany that led to the horrific treatment of Jewish people and others , and then used that as the excuse to reach their long - term goal - a Rothschild - Illuminati stronghold in Palestine using the Jewish population as fodder to be used and abused as necessary .
They called their plan ' Zionism ' .
This term is often used as a synonym for Jewish people when it is actually a political movement devised and promoted through the House of Rothschild and opposed by many Jews .
Poster for the Irgun terrorist group
The Israeli bully - boys spend most of their time condemning the terrorism of others and yet their very State was created through terrorism of the most grotesque kind via groups like Irgun and the Stern Gang , which bombed and terrorised Israel into being .
Among the leading lights in these and other terrorist groups were Menachem Begin , Yitzhak Shamir and Ariel Sharon , butchers who became Israeli Prime Ministers and had the nerve to condemn Arab terrorism .
And to this day the butchery goes on with the goal of destroying the Palestinian people .
After the Rothschild - controlled Zionist terrorists had bombed the State of Israel into existence in 1948 , an estimated 800,000 Palestinians were made refugees and fled what had been their own country .
Their descendents are said to number some four million .
And the world simply looked on ­ just as it does to this day ­ because Israel is a law unto itself and so terms like justice , fairness , decency and mercy do not apply .
Palestinian families fleeing the newly - imposed Israel after their country was occupied by Zionist terrorism in 1948 .
The idea was always to destroy the Palestinian people step - by - step long before Israel was even created .
The Balfour Declaration of 1917 , in which the Rothschild - controlled British government supported the establishment of a ' Jewish ' homeland in Palestine , said that ' nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of the existing non-Jewish communities in Palestine ' .
But the Rothschild sidekick Chaim Weizmann would later say : ' With regard to the Arab question - the British told us that there are several hundred thousand Negroes there but this is a matter of no consequence ' .
Nor have they been ever since and the goal of destroying them is closer today than ever before .
The first Prime Minister of Israel , yet another terrorist called David Ben-Gurion , made no secret of this fact within his inner circle .
Former Israel Prime Minister , Yitzhak Rabin , said in an uncensored version of his memoirs , published in the New York Times on 23 October 23rd , 1979 : ' We walked outside , Ben-Gurion accompanying us .
Allon repeated his question - What is to be done with the Palestinian population ? '
Ben -Gurion waved his hand in a gesture which said " Drive them out ! " '
The current bombing campaign against the Gaza Palestinians is just the latest step to that end .
They have forced Palestinians into a Gaza Strip that is little more than a massive concentration camp in which they control all that goes in and out , people or supplies of food , medicines and other essentials .
When the Israelis close the border posts , that 's it , the Palestinians are trapped and at the mercy of the soulless and heartless that control the Tel Aviv government and military under Rothschild direction .
And those border posts are closed now while Israel bombs the crap out of Gaza , despite calls for humanitarian aid to be allowed through .
My theory is that the Israeli government can't hear those calls because their computer brains can't compute the term ' humanitarian ' or , for that matter , ' aid ' , unless it is followed by the words ' for Israel from the United States ' .
Then it 's loud and clear .
One writer recently described conditions in Gaza : ' Israel nails shut the coffin that is Gaza under a siege that has lasted nearly three years , steadily intensifying so that malnutrition rates rival those of sub -Saharan Africa , sewage runs raw in the streets and pollutes the ocean , homes are still being bulldozed to super - add collective punishment upon collective punishment ; men , women and children are still being sniped at and killed ; children are deafened by continuing sonic booms , the vast majority of them suffer from post - traumatic stress syndrome , and many of that majority have no ambition other than becoming " martyrs " '
How can anyone inflict such a lack of mercy on an entire people ?
The question can only be answered when we understand that Zionist extremists really do believe they are God 's Chosen People and that therefore the Palestinians are little more than cattle .
The Israel Prime Minister and terrorist , Menachem Begin , described the Palestinians in a speech to the Israeli parliament as ' beasts walking on two legs ' .
Another Prime Minister and terrorist , Yitzhak Shamir , told Jewish settlers in 1988 that the Palestinians ' would be crushed like grasshoppers ... heads smashed against the boulders and walls . '
Prime Minister and terrorist , Ariel Sharon , then Israeli Foreign Minister , confirmed in 1998 what the plan really was for the Palestinians : ' It is the duty of Israeli leaders to explain to public opinion , clearly and courageously , a certain number of facts that are forgotten with time .
The first of these is that there is no Zionism , colonialisation , or Jewish State without the eviction of the Arabs and the expropriation of their lands . '
The plan is to kill or drive out the Palestinian people using poverty , hunger and war and so allow the Zionists to expand into ' Greater Israel ' .
That plan is now well advanced .
In early 2008 , the United Nations ' leading humanitarian affairs official said he was ' shocked ' by the ' grim and miserable ' conditions in Gaza .
Undersecretary General John Holmes blamed this on Israel closing the border crossings and so limiting the supply of food and other materials ­ just as they are doing today .
He said : ' All this makes for a grim human and humanitarian situation here in Gaza , which means that people are not able to live with the basic dignity to which they are entitled ' .
But they are just ' beasts walking on two legs ' , right ?
Richard Falk , the UN Human Rights Council Special Rapporteur on the occupied territories , has also condemned Israel for its actions in Gaza .
He is Jewish and therefore much more dangerous to the Israel government because he can't be dismissed as the old favourite ' anti- Semitic ' .
Or maybe he is a ' self - hater ' , the tag given by these sick people to those Jews who speak out against Israel .
Falk 's punishment for daring to criticise the Promised Land as a UN official was to be held for 20 hours and then denied entry to the country and so he is prevented from doing his job of reporting on conditions for the Palestinian people during the current air attacks .
His entry was denied in mid-December ­ perfect timing not to be there for the latest bombing that they knew was coming .
Click here for an interview with Richard Falk
The Bush administration for the last eight years has been dominated by the Neo- conservative , or ' Neocon ' , network which is , itself , dominated by US / Israeli duel citizens and / or Zionists like Paul Wolfowitz , Richard Pearle , Dov Zackheim , William Kristol , Robert Kagan , Elliot Abrams , Douglas Feith , John Bolton , Robert B Zoellick , Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld and others .
The neo -con godfather is the late Leo Strauss , a German - born Jewish ' philosopher ' , who believed that people must be governed by a ' pious elite ' .
But surely those days of Zionist dominance are over because ' Mr. Change ' is coming to ' power ' now .
Er , if only .
Barack Obama has packed his ' new ' administration with Zionists like Rahm Emanuel , his White House Chief of Staff .
Emanuels ' father , Benjamin , was a member of the Irgun terrorist group in Palestine that I mentioned earlier and we can clearly expect the Obama administration to be balanced and fair on its Israel / Palestinian policy .
No wonder Obama has kept quiet on the Israeli bombing of Gaza .
Obama speaks out on Gaza crisis : ' Hey , I got nothin ' to say , I got the chance of a par here ask my Chief of Staff , he 's a rabid Zionist and his dad helped bomb Israel into existence .
He 'll know what 's goin ' on . '
The Obama government is going to be slavishly pro-Israel because he needed the sanction of the truly massive Zionist lobby in the United States to secure the presidency .
His vice - president , Joe Biden , is a long - time bag - carrier for Israel .
He said on Israeli television : ' I am a Zionist - you do n't have to be a Jew to be a Zionist ' .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is another Israel puppetess who pledged to ' obliterate ' Iran if it launched a nuclear attack on God 's chosen country .
Would she say she would obliterate Israel if it launched a nuclear attack on Iran ?
No way .
The Palestinians have never had a chance because the table is weighted , the game is rigged and it always has been .
At the time of the First World War , the Rothschild - controlled British government told the Palestine Arabs that if they fought the Ottoman Turks and forced them to leave Palestine and other lands they would be rewarded with an independent Palestine .
The Palestinian Arabs agreed and with support from the British through HYPERLINK " < http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lieutenant_Colonel>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lieutenant_Colonel " \o " Lieutenant Colonel " Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Edward Lawrence ­ ' Lawrence of Arabia ' ­ the Ottoman Empire was defeated .
But their reward was not independence .
It was first rule by a British ' Mandate ' and then occupation by Zionist Israel .
The Arabs were lied to , as Lawrence later admitted , and they have been lied to ever since .
All these ' road maps ' and ' peace processes ' are always designed to lead nowhere .
They are just holding positions to maintain the status quo until the Palestinians are basically no more .
The Israelis always say they are killing people in ' retaliation ' for attacks by the Palestinian group , Hamas , which officially controls the Gaza ' authority ' , although control is hardly the word with Israel deciding what and who goes in and out .
Hamas operatives are firing low - tech rockets that have so far killed four people .
Terrible , yes , and it should not be happening .
I have no brief for Hamas , which is another tyranny in its own way , but ask yourself this :
What would you do if you were faced with the situation the Palestinians are in after sixty years of oppression and persecution while the world does nothing ?
If you remove the injustice , you remove the motivation for a violent response to that injustice .
Put people in a position where they either accept their pathetic plight or open fire and some are bound to choose the latter .
But instead of tackling the root cause , injustice , Israel responds with a state - of - the - art bombardment that kills hundreds and injures thousands in a few days , at least 90 % of which are men , women and children who have nothing whatsoever to do with the rocket attacks .
In 2007 , 25 Palestinians were killed for every Israeli .
That 's more than just ' protecting yourself ' .
As Jewish UN representative , Richard Falk , said a few days ago : ' The Israeli airstrikes on the Gaza Strip represent severe and massive violations of international humanitarian law as defined in the Geneva Conventions , both in regard to the obligations of an Occupying Power and in the requirements of the laws of war ...
Those violations include : · Collective punishment :
The entire 1.5 million people who live in the crowded Gaza Strip are being punished for the actions of a few militants .
· Targeting civilians :
The airstrikes were aimed at civilian areas in one of the most crowded stretches of land in the world , certainly the most densely populated area of the Middle East .
· Disproportionate military response :
The airstrikes have not only destroyed every police and security office of Gaza 's elected government , but have killed and injured hundreds of civilians ; at least one strike reportedly hit groups of students attempting to find transportation home from the university . '
This savagery towards Palestinians has been going on since the Zionist terror groups began their campaign of violence to secure the State of Israel and the scale of this ongoing evil has often been suppressed by the fear of being called ' anti- Semitic ' .
The Rothschild dynasty has created a vast network of ' anti- hate ' groups , like the Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) and so many others , to label as ' anti- Semitic ' or ' racist ' anyone who dares to expose or condemn Israel or its networks of manipulation within the United States and elsewhere .
Politicians ( though all but are a few are terrified or rewarded into silence ) , university professors , people like me , and anyone with any kind of public stage , are immediately condemned by the ADL and smeared as ' racist ' with support from the Robot Radicals of the Robot ' Left ' if they expose Israel or anyone who happens to be Jewish .
The irony of those claiming to be the chosen people and above all others accusing anyone else of racism boggles the bloody mind .
Jewish people who challenge the tyranny , like the superb Norman Finkelstein , are dubbed ' self - haters ' and often lose their jobs and livelihoods as a result .
The Rothschild ' anti-hate ' groups put any Big Brother to shame .
But we ca n't ­ and MUST NOT ­ stay silent on the plight of the Palestinians because we fear the consequences for ourselves .
What are we , mice ??
This is not about racism ; it is about fascism and the daily onslaught against a helpless and tragic people .
I do n't give a shit what the ADL thinks about what I say , nor those on the ' Left ' who parrot its propaganda like the juveniles that they are .
It needs saying and therefore someone needs to say it .
And , by the way , those that are running the Zionist agenda , which is part of much bigger global agenda in league with the Illuminati families , do n't give a damn for Jewish people in general .
They , too , are just an expendable irrelevance to the greater goal .
As the first Israeli Prime Minister , the terrorist , David Ben-Gurion , said : ' If I knew that it was possible to save all the children of Germany by transporting them to England , and only half by transferring them to the Land of Israel , I would choose the latter , for before us lies not only the numbers of these children but the historical reckoning of the people of Israel . '
What kind of sick mind does it take to say that ?
The kind that has run Israel since 1948 would appear to be the answer .
We need to drop the ludicrous , childish , labels of Jew and Gentile and Muslim and all this illusory crap and come together in the name of peace and justice for all .
There is not a Jewish injustice or a Palestinian injustice , there is simply injustice .
Justice for one and no justice for another is ' justice ' for no -one .
For justice has no meaning unless it applies to all , and it will never apply to the Palestinians while the world stays silent and looks the other way .
There have been several bogus pages of high - profile figures on Facebook
The president of Guyana has asked police to investigate who is impersonating him on Facebook , the social networking website .
A government statement said that Bharrat Jagdeo was not a Facebook member , the Associated Press reported .
The apparent Jagdeo page has more than 170 supporters , and features images of the president as well as his biography .
Last year , a Moroccan was jailed for setting up a Facebook profile in the name of a member of the royal family .
Facebook also removed two bogus profiles of Bilawal Bhutto , son of the murdered Pakistani politician Benazir Bhutto , after an investigation found the entries " not authentic " .
Questions raised
President Jagdeo 's page has two photograph albums , one of a well - known bridge in Guyana , the Berbice , and the other of international leaders , some with the president .
Only three people have posted messages , including a man who questions whether the profile was authentic .
" Is this President Bharrat Jagdeo 's personal Facebook ?
Is it his official one ? " the message reads .
The Guyana government said that officials also discovered that someone had impersonated the president of the South American nation on another social networking site .
India 's economic growth is expected to slow this year Indian authorities have unveiled a fresh economic stimulus package , including another reduction in the country 's main interest rate .
The Reserve Bank of India has cut its key lending rate by one percentage point to an eight - year low of 5.5 % , its fourth reduction in as many months .
In addition , the government is to allow increased foreign investment in both Indian bonds and companies .
It is the country 's second economic stimulus plan in less than a month .
' Good growth '
Under the latest package announced on Friday , the central bank has also cut the amount of funds that commercial lenders have to keep in reserve to 5 % from 5.5 % .
Once the [ financial ] crisis is behind us , and calm and confidence are restored in the global markets , economic activity in India will recover sharply
Reserve Bank of India Meanwhile , state governments will be able to borrow up to $ 6bn ( £ 4.1 bn ) to fund additional infrastructure projects .
" The measures that the government has taken will ensure that we still have good growth in the country , " said Montek Sing Ahluwalia , deputy chairman of the government 's Planning Commission .
However , he added that it was " impossible to insulate yourself completely from a major downturn in the world economy " .
The Indian economy has enjoyed annual growth of 9 % or more in the previous three financial years , but this is expected to slow to 7 % in the fiscal year to March , and to 6 % next year .
" Once the [ financial ] crisis is behind us , and calm and confidence are restored in the global markets , economic activity in India will recover sharply , " said the central bank .
" But a period of painful adjustment is inevitable . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GPS enabled phones such as the iPhone , Android , and Blackberry have made getting around so much easier , and in the case of geocaching , more fun .
But what if you ’re a green minded individual , in a city you ’ve never been to before , or even in your own town , and want to know what businesses have got what you want ?[social_buttons ]
Go get the 3rd Whale app , now up on the iTunes app store or through 3rd Whale ’s site , and you can easily do that , right from your iPhone , soon to be followed by the other popular platforms .
This is built on their already popular web based database of food , retail , ecotourism , business services , transportation , and spa / fitness businesses , currently in over 100 cities , with the option for you to add ones you find / are the owner of as well .
The mobile component is currently active in San Francisco , Vancouver , San Jose , Seattle , and Portland .
With it , you can search by proximity or type of business .
Once there , you can rate the greenness of it .
( A bit limited , I ’d like more then just a star , or in their case whale rating )
Come across something that ’s not on there ?
You can add it right then .
Find something that ’s spammy or offensive ?
You can let 3rd Whale know , improving the quality and integrity of the listings .
Expanding beyond this service , they have an engaging Youtube channel and a fun Campaigns section where you can learn how they ’ve successfully advocated for sustainable sushi , top green activists for 2008 , and more .
So , is your business on there yet ?
Go fix that , now !
Readers :
Where are you getting your community based green business info ?
Used 3rd
Whale yet ?
Please share , below .
Few developer would attempt to write Java oder C# code without an IDE that assists with code completion , an intelligent formatter or automated refactoring .
In the dynamic languages world , the case is n't so clear .
One reason is certainly the lack of tools that are on par with their static peers , simply because building tools for dynamic languages is much harder .
Fortunately , programs written in these languages generally tend to be shorter and less verbose than for example in Java .
Still , sometimes it is handy to have an integrated development environment that covers all daily tasks of a developer , starting from the interaction with the source code management tool , navigation in the project files , but also compiling , debugging and deployment of the project .
For this series , we interviewed several people who work on IDEs for dynamic languages , to give an overview and a feeling on the current state of these IDEs .
We assume that all IDEs handle the basics like highlighting and therefore put our focus on more sophisticated features like refactoring .
The ability to do automated refactoring is a good indicator for the maturity of an IDE because it involves detailed and non-trivial analysis of the source code and is one of the features a language - agnostic editor cannot provide easily and without third - party tools .
Aptana Ruby
The Eclipse based Ruby development tools have been around for many years and were widely used , particularly in Rails development through the extensions provided by RadRails .
RDT and RadRails have both been integrated into Aptana Studio some time ago , and RDT 's main developer , Chris Williams , has been hired by Aptana .
There was n't much visible activity on Aptana 's Ruby Studio , so we caught up with Chris to learn what 's currently happening :
For the past 6 or 7 months now I 've been working on our new offering : Aptana Cloud .
I 've been doing all of the work on the API / server that coordinates between Aptana Studio , the 3rd party hosting provider (s ) , and the actual boxes themselves that host the websites .
As a result I have n't been able to commit as much time as I normally do to Ruby support or RadRails .
Over this time I 've basically been doing some bugfixing and starting to integrate some Cloud support into the tooling when I find small pieces of time .
Now that Cloud is officially out I 'll be working on getting Rails supported and then I 'll be able to go back to RDT / RadRails more or less full - time .
Chris also told me that they are looking for more people to hire , " to make sure that we can keep development steadily going on the plugins " .
Ruby developers who want to extend their IDE do n't have to program Java :
We do have a plugin that allows end users to write Ruby code against a small set of the Eclipse Editor API - so people could actually help out quite a bit by writing small macros / scripts with that if they only know Ruby .
And if they 're a JRuby expert then they could probably write their own extensions to hook into with Ruby and access the full Eclipse APIs .
Note : the JRuby Eclipse scripting functionality was discussed previously on InfoQ .
Aptana now has support for Ruby , JavaScript , Python , and PHP .
Which language will be next ?
Well we 're always looking for what the community would like in terms of web development plugins .
If we see enough support out there we 'd certainly pursue it .
We 're all ears : let us know what you 'd like to see .
The next step involves moving the Studio to the current Eclipse Ganymede release , " add some more advanced Cloud support , fix more big bugs and then in the 1.3.x RadRails timeframe I 'll probably be able to take a breath and plan out what 's next again . "
The Ruby development tools have had refactoring support for quite some time now , implementing for example various rename refactorings , extracting , moving and inlining of methods .
While the refactorings are n't fool proof and correct for all situations , they work for most common cases and are a huge improvement over doing manual copying and pasting ( note that the author of this text worked on the implementation ) .
The Aptana or RadRails tags list more related content about the Aptana IDE .
DLTK Ruby
The dynamic languages toolkit is in an interesting position insofar as they try to unite all reusable components a dynamic language IDE on Eclipse needs into one framework and hence make it easier to implement support for a new language .
The Ruby is one of the oldest DLTK languages and , together with TCL , belongs to the core of DLTK .
Sadly , there was n't much visible activity in the DLTK , so I talked to its project lead Andrey Platov :
Talking about TCL , we think DLTK TCL is already one of the best TCL IDEs around .
We 're polishing the implementation and are working on integration with TCL interpreter vendors .
Such work is not much visible in fact .
As for Ruby ( and DLTK in general ) : First of all , DLTK ( including Ruby component ) is a platform : we had no intention to cover all the end - user requested features from the beginning .
For example , we never had a plan to provide any kind of Ruby on Rails support , etc .
The goal for DLTK Ruby is to provide solid and clean Ruby language foundation for other vendors building full - featured tools on top of it .
One good example is the comprehensive Ruby IDE called 3rdRail from CodeGear , which is built on top of DLTK Ruby .
All of above does not mean DLTK Ruby is useless standalone .
Being a great tooling to work with Ruby source code it 's used by many language enthusiasts .
So we do not force developer to Ruby on Rails style neither force him to say RSpec ...
Just pure language , and creativity of the developer .
From other side such a " clean " IDE gives a great opportunity to vendors to build products that would support frameworks and technologies of their choice , and they already have first class language support for free .
Back to your question , our current work is just make DLTK Ruby to " understand " language better and deal with Ruby sources better .
" Just try the code complete feature " , Andrey points out .
For the future , plans are to improve the language support , for a " better understanding of Ruby , like code analysis , refactoring , quick - fix features " .
From the DLTK side , no additional language support is planned right now , but they " are consulting some companies doing IDEs for their languages " .
And , according to Andrey , " PHP Development Tools ( PDT ) 2.0 will be released on top of DLTK " .
There are also DLTK based IDEs for ANTLR , Lua , D , Perl and Scheme in the making .
The various DLTK builds and packages are available on the Dynamic Languages Toolkit downloads site
This news item is part of our ongoing series about dynamic language IDEs .
The other parts can be found under the " DynamicLanguageIDEs " tag at InfoQ .
If you have n't read enough about Ruby IDEs yet , you might want to take a look at InfoQ 's articles on Netbeans ' Ruby support : Part 1 , Part 2 .
Getty Images / Westend61
Staying positive can be a challenge , especially when you 're living with a chronic condition and have zero energy .
And while reminding yourself to " think positive " is a good start , actually keeping that goal front - of - mind and putting it into action is much harder .
That 's when having a took - kit of techniques handy can help you actively shift your thinking .
One helpful tool for breaking away from repetitive , pessimistic thoughts is to practice positive thinking games .
And if simply reading the word " games " made you tired just now , do n't worry !
We 're not about to suggest you break out the " Bop It " .
The following exercises are more like strategies you can employ to " trick " your brain into thinking more positively .
So the next time you catch yourself slipping into a pool of negative thoughts , give these positive thinking exercises a try .
1. Visit Your Happy Place
When you 're feeling overwhelmed by sadness or anger , tap into what psychologists call an " anchoring experience " to help shake negative thoughts .
Basically , this is a " happy place " you can mentally visit when you 're overwhelmed , says psychologist , author and breast cancer survivor Paulette Sherman , Psy.D .
Your anchoring experience can take any form — maybe it's an actual place you traveled to or a happy memory with loved ones or even a fictional daydream — so long as it makes you feel happy when you think about it .
The best part is that you can return to your anchoring experience whenever you want to think about something positive that makes you feel happy and safe , Dr. Sherman says .
Westend61 / Westend61/GettyImages
2. Keep a Gratitude Journal
A gratitude journal is different from a daily journal .
For starters , the act of recording what you 're grateful for needs to be an easy , uplifting experience , not something that you feel obligated to do .
The thoughts you write down in this journal should help you focus on what 's good in your life .
Why ?
Because all these good vibes are good for your health !
A 2013 study from Personality and Individual Differences found that grateful people experience fewer aches and pains and report feeling healthier than others .
Find a pretty journal that makes you happy and dedicate it solely to your notes of gratitude .
It 's ideal to write in it daily , but in order to avoid it becoming a chore , give yourself the freedom to write in it when you please — just make sure you do actually use it !
When you 're feeling blue and negative , pull out your journal and write down two or three things that you 're thankful for .
And on days when life sends a lot of positive vibes your way , spend even more time in your journal .
Feeling down but can't think of a single thing to write ?
Reread your journal to remind yourself of all the positive things you 've encountered in your life .
3. Make a List of Your Go -To Pleasant Experiences
If you spend a lot of time thinking about the worst possible outcome for every situation , you ’re not alone .
Life can be overwhelming , and sometimes trying to redirect your thoughts is n't going to be enough to get you out of a negative rut .
What can work , however , is distracting yourself from those thoughts in the first place by focusing your attention on creating positive experiences .
Write down a list of all the activities and experiences that make you feel good , happy , and / or calm .
Maybe it 's indulging on a chunk of fancy chocolate , going for a walk with a friend , taking a long , spa-like bath , listening to your favorite album , watching your favorite comedian , reading a new book , doodling on a notepad , or even just snuggling with a loved one or furry friend on the couch .
Whatever it is , add it to your list and then put the list somewhere you can easily see it .
From there , try to experience at least one thing from your list every day ( but do n't beat yourself up if you miss days sometime ) .
When you 're feeling especially down or exhausted , refer to your list to remind yourself of the things that can help bring you out of this mindset , pick one , do it and try to be truly present for the experience .
At the end of the day , write down what brought you joy from that experience ( you can use your gratitude journal from above ! ) and plan the next day ’s activity .
4. Keep a Jar of Accomplishments
It feels good when someone notices your hard work .
So why not use the power of words on yourself to help you think more positively ?
Licensed clinical social worker LaQuista Erinna suggests writing down daily accomplishments on a small piece of paper and collecting them in a jar .
Complete a challenging task ?
Put it in the jar !
Make a new friend ?
Jar time !
Finish your Sudoku in record time ?
Jar !
Face down a lifelong fear of public speaking ?
You guessed it : jar !
Then , the next time you need some encouragement , pick one or two of the pieces of paper out of the jar and read them aloud .
This simple - yet - powerful positive thinking exercise can help you recognize and acknowledge all of the things — big and small — you accomplish .
Read more : 10 Ways to Learn to Love Yourself More
Stocksy / Lauren Naefe
5. Surround Yourself With Positive Affirmations
Practicing positive affirmations is an effective strategy to use in a variety of difficult situations .
Grab a stack of sticky notes and a pen and write down some of your favorite motivational quotes , positive affirmations , or traits you like about yourself .
Dr. Sherman says one of the best ways to get started is to create positive affirmations specific to you .
And if you have trouble thinking of something , ask family and friends to describe you , Erinna says .
Once you 've written down 10 to 15 notes , repeat the statements out loud ( perhaps while looking in a mirror ) to program them into your mind .
To make this a more powerful positive thinking game , Dr. Sherman recommends saying your affirmations in the present tense .
For example , “ I am vibrant and radiant . ”
Some other powerful affirmations to boost your self - esteem include , " I am more than enough , " " I have the power to achieve my dreams , " and " I accept and love myself just as I am . "
Finally , place the notes around your home in places you 'll see them regularly , such as on a mirror , the fridge , next to your reading lamp , or even on your computer keyboard .
" These will be daily reminders of just how awesome you are , " Erinna says .
Read more : 10 Ways to Shut Up Your Inner Critic For Good
Attia -Fotografie / Cultura / GettyImages
6. Pretend You 're Talking to a Loved One
When you ’re stuck on a negative thought about yourself , Dr. Sherman suggests imagining that there 's a small child inside of you that is being told those negative things , then practice comforting the child .
What would you say to a child or loved one if someone spoke to them that way ?
Just as you would n't want anyone saying hurtful things to a child or your best friend , you should n't let yourself trash talk yourself .
For the best guaranteed price for Vertor.com inquire here
Now this is absolutely awesome !
If you ’re the type of person who likes to play pranks upon others , you ’ll definitely want to get your hands on this little guy .
Hitman
Hal is a tiny motion activated hitman that will bring a bit of surprise in the lives of your friends or co-workers .
Just hide him in secret location , and as soon as he senses movement , he ’ll fire his Tommy gun while shouting at his unsuspecting victim .
Check it out :
Product Features
Electronic Hitman character lifts gun and open fires when he senses motion
Hide Hal in a cabinet or behind a closed door to surprise your unknowing target
Gun Motion and Flashing LED
Hal speaks five different gangster style phrases
Uses 3 x AAA Batteries ( included )
Stands 8 ″ Tall
[ Product Page ]
This year 's list of most literate cities has been unveiled , with Minneapolis and Seattle tied for first place and the nation 's northern latitudes coming in with a high bookish quotient .
In its sixth year , the annual ranking is put out by John W. Miller , president of Central Connecticut State University .
Miller views the level of literacy in a given location as a measure of the place 's quality of life and level of culture .
" I wanted to do a study of not whether people could read but whether or not they do read , " he explains .
The latter is the more important , he says .
After all , in the words of the American literary giant Mark Twain , " The person that does n't read has no advantage over the person who can't . "
The twin blasts of fiscal and monetary stimulus have been massive .
In short order the Fed has slashed rates to zero .
It is now conjuring money out of thin air on an industrial scale , buying $ 600 bn of mortgage bonds to force down the cost of home loans , and propping up the commercial paper market to avoid mass corporate default .
Ben Bernanke , a Depression junkie , is proceeding with a messianic sense of certainty .
The wash of money should ensure that the next 18 months will not mimic the cascade of disasters from late 1931 to early 1933 .
theplayr.com is for sale
You can reach me via :
" Global Mosaic " offers fresh perspectives on critical world issues , going to the heart of the news with personal stories reported by a team of independent filmmakers working on multiple continents .
A new edition of the Peabody Award - winning " Mosaic ” daily program that launched on Link TV in 2001 , the new " Global Mosaic ” documentary series launches in September 2020 with three programs : " Young Women Rising , " " Water for Life , " and " Migrant Journeys . "
Top image is a still of Kierra Byrd , fellow in the Young Women 's Advisory Council , receiving her college diploma .
Still from the " Global Mosaic " episode " Young Women Rising . "
LAS VEGAS --
So this is how it ends .
It is the way it almost always does , even for the best of them .
It is the way it ended for Muhammad Ali .
It remains , over a long , drawn - out period , the way it is ending for Roy Jones .
And now it is the way it ends for Oscar De La Hoya .
Even those who predicted that De La Hoya 's size and style would overwhelm Manny Pacquiao offered one small but significant caveat :
If De La Hoya could no longer pull the trigger , if he could no longer fire the jab and hook with sufficient quickness and authority , Pacquiao had the chance to get in close , rake De La Hoya 's body and overwhelm him en route to a points victory .
Ali and Leon Spinks , I offered by way of analogy : the younger guy outhustling the more experienced champion .
I was wrong .
It was Ali and Larry Holmes .
It was n't that De La Hoya could n't pull the trigger .
He did n't even know where he had put it .
De La Hoya simply had nothing .
From the first round , he looked perplexed , unable to respond as the Filipino bounced around on his toes and then darted in to land his straight left with consummate ease .
But at least for the first few rounds he made a game attempt , doing what he could to use his size and strength to his advantage , trying to land a right hand even as Pacquiao 's movement took away his vaunted left .
But then in the fourth , Pacquiao turned it up a notch , mixing in body punches that caused De La Hoya to bend over and leave his head vulnerable to further punishment from the Filipino 's explosive combinations .
Dazed and confused , Oscar De La Hoya had no answers for Manny Pacquiao 's relentless attack .
Jed Jacobsohn / Getty Images
Even so , even as Pacquiao continued to strafe De La Hoya with combinations and continued to evade the counterstrikes , even as those of us on media row turned to each other with astonishment at the extent to which Pacquiao was dominating his opponent , it was nothing compared to those final rounds .
Say what you will about De La Hoya , about the victories that should have been defeats or the defeats that should have been victories , but with the exception of his ill - advised challenge of Bernard Hopkins , he had always been competitive in every one of his fights .
Yet here he was , in the final minutes of what will probably be the final fight of his career , retreating to the ropes as Pacquiao assaulted him .
De La Hoya covered up , he buckled under the onslaught and he offered nothing in response except to invite , seemingly yearn for , referee Tony Weeks to step in and save him further punishment and embarrassment .
Weeks looked closely , thought about it , would have been justified for doing so , but in the end it took Nacho Beristain to do what his fighter surely wanted and signal that it was all over .
" If this is Oscar 's last fight , then we have to remember what he did for boxing , what he did for the sport all those years , " said the Golden Boy 's promoter - turned - rival Bob Arum at the postfight news conference .
" If he does retire , God bless him and we should thank him for what he 's done for boxing . "
Manny Pacquiao put it more simply .
Information
Filename : doneanddone.JPG
Size : 400x1203
Uploaded : 2008-10-04
Tags
sdfsdf
Popular tags on the site
smashing rx7 hr_giger ka_series_l rippenspreizer ryushin_14 shevington manga rwpeuro2006 himos giger chubby yuko dilbert fxc bier death_note wallpaper avril cat emma family bonton falco spain cheerleader donnamodelo.com mariage ebooks 1999 comic motivational glastonbury stephy sprites ryushin_15 magic paintball krystal 1nsane soepkip forza jessica ranma cia dubai ryushin_09 megaten renee
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
Overview
Sample pages using the canvas tag are included with the source code .
For more information about the canvas tag , take a look at this tutorial .
ExplorerCanvas is distributed under the terms of the Apache License V2.0 .
For downloads , news , and other information , visit our Project Page
The US state of Alaska is planning to launch a legal challenge against new federal regulations to protect threatened beluga whales in Cook Inlet .
The white whales were listed as endangered last year after federal scientists warned they were headed towards extinction .
The listing requires the designation of critical habitat for the animals , as well as the drafting of a recovery plan and a review of activities in Cook Inlet .
However , Alaska Governor Sarah Palin wants the listing removed because of the impact it could have on oil and gas projects , as well as the expansion of Anchorage port .
The Centre for Biological Diversity is accusing Ms Palin of being willing to sacrifice the whales for the sake of the oil industry .
A detailed analysis of the measurements of five different satellites has revealed the existence of warm cloak of plasma around Earth .
This newfound feature is part of the magnetosphere , a shield of magnetic fields and electrically charged particles that surround and protect Earth from the onslaught of the solar wind .
The northern and southern polar lights – aurora borealis and aurora australis – are the only parts of the magnetosphere that are visible , but it is a critical part of Earth 's space environment .
" Although it is invisible , the magnetosphere has an impact on our everyday lives , " said Charles " Rick " Chappell , research professor of physics and director of the Dyer Observatory at Vanderbilt University .
" For example , solar storms agitate the magnetosphere in ways that can induce power surges in the electrical grid that trigger black outs , interfere with radio transmissions and mess up GPS signals .
Charged particles in the magnetosphere can also damage the electronics in satellites and affect the temperature and motion of the upper atmosphere . "
The study was detailed recently in the Journal of Geophysical Research .
Chappell and his colleagues pieced together a " natural cycle of energization " that accelerates the low - energy ions that originate from Earth 's atmosphere up to the higher energy levels characteristic of the different regions in the magnetosphere .
This brought the existence of the new region into focus .
The warm plasma cloak is a tenuous region that starts on the night side of the planet and wraps around the dayside but then gradually fades away on the afternoon side .
As a result , it only reaches about three - quarters of the way around the planet .
It is fed by low - energy charged particles that are lifted into space over Earth 's poles , carried behind the Earth in its magnetic tail but then jerked around 180 degrees by a kink in the magnetic fields that boosts the particles back toward Earth in a region called the plasma sheet .
Chappell and his colleagues – Mathew M. Huddleston from Trevecca University , Tom Moore and Barbara Giles from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , and Dominique Delcourt from the Centre d'etude des Environments Terrestre et Planetaires , Observatoire de Saint - Maur in France – used satellite observations to measure the properties of the ions in different locations in the magnetosphere .
An important part of their analysis was a computer program developed by Delcourt that can predict how ions move in the earth 's magnetic field .
" These motions are very complicated .
Ions spiral around in the magnetic field .
They bounce and drift .
A lot of things can happen , but Dominic developed a mathematical code that can predict where they go , " said Chappell .
When the researchers applied this computer code to the satellite observations some patterns became clear for the first time .
One was the prediction of how ions could move upward from the ionosphere to form the warm plasma cloak .
" We have recognized all the other regions for a long time , but the plasma cloak was a fuzzy thing in the background which we did n't have enough information about to make it stand out .
When we got enough pieces , there it was ! " said Chappell .
Ruh roh ... another Coulter voter fraud issue ... will she be able to weasel out of this one too ?
News Hounds :
Ann Coulter was cleared in a 2006 voter fraud investigation in Florida after an FBI agent / friend " intruded , " but new questions have arisen about her previous voting record in Connecticut .
The New York Daily News reports that Coulter voted there via absentee ballot in 2002 and 2004 while records show she actually lived in New York City .
Given FOX News ' obsession with voter fraud , can we expect an investigation from the " we report , you decide " network ?
A prime time discussion covering one of their most frequent guests on the " fair and balanced " network ?
Do n't hold your breath .
The Daily News reports that Connecticut will begin a formal investigation if they receive a complaint under oath .
News Hounds is asking for an action to Fox News to act as concerned about Coulter 's voter fraud as they were about ACORN , but frankly , I 'd been even happier if one of our Connecticut resident C&Lers would take up the challenge of filing the complaint .
Do doctors really need to be told to do such obvious things ?
Unfortunately , anyone who has spent time in the hospital as a patient or a physician knows how haphazardly such actions are performed , and as Samuel Johnson wrote , “ Man needs more to be reminded than instructed . ”
There is a useful analogy here to raising children .
The British physician D. W. Winnicott coined the term “ good enough mother ” in part to help mothers who were overly anxious about their parenting skills .
Rather than worry about trying to be perfect ( whatever that meant ) , he urged them to relax , trust their intuition and realize that their children needed a mother who was caring , alert and reliable  in other words , good enough .
Similarly , when medical schools try to turn out ideal doctors , they can miss the opportunity to help them be good enough : perhaps not perfectly attuned to the patient , but at least respectful and professional .
An etiquette - based approach can promote such behavior .
Etiquette - based medicine rests on the fact that patients derive comfort from specific actions  as opposed to attitudes or feelings  that are independent of the doctor ’s emotional investment in the patient .
My doctor may be tired , preoccupied or not that interested in me as a person ; but I should still expect him or her to treat me with the kind of attentiveness and respect I recently received from a “ genius ” at the local Apple store .
The “ genius ” was skillful , efficient and professional , and solved my problem quickly without feeling my pain ( which had been considerable ) .
I do n’t necessarily want or need to have an exceptional healer , but I would like to have good service .
Patients should command at least the same regard from their doctors .
Alaska governor Sarah Palin is John McCain's White House running mate
Sparks will fly in East Sussex later when an effigy of US Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin goes up in flames at a bonfire celebration .
Thousands of people at the Battle bonfire will see Mrs Palin get a roasting as the race for the White House enters its final days .
The 12ft ( 3.6 m ) tall papier mache figure has taken six weeks to create .
It will form the centrepiece of the town 's 400 - year - old bonfire celebration which will attract up to 25,000 people .
Attached to Mrs Palin is a model of Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama , a hockey stick in recognition of her " hockey mom " image and a moose to highlight her hunting background .
Radio presenters
Andrew Knowles - Baker , spokesman for the local bonfire society , the Battel Bonfire Boyes , said : " We have taken political themes in the past , as well as blowing up Tellytubbies , at our celebrations .
" But we thought the US presidential elections were a big thing and in any case it was too late for us to create figures of certain BBC radio presenters . "
A total of 1,066 flaming torches will light the town as bonfire societies from across south east England parade through the medieval streets to Senlac Hill where William defeated Harold in 1066 .
Previous effigies at the Battle bonfire have included Tony Blair and Gordon Brown as Punch and Judy , Margaret Thatcher , John Major and Neil Kinnock .
Published in : Microsoft Outlook
If you like to order a cake at Wegman ’s bakery , you can simply email them a personalized message that will be printed on the cake .
A lady in NY followed the same procedure and ordered a birthday cake over email but here ’s what they delivered on her birthday - a cake with some HTML icing .
It turned out that she used Microsoft Outlook to send her email but Wegman ’s email system failed to recognize the proprietary HTML tags of Outlook and hence this goof - up .
An employee of Wegman wrote - “ we just cut and paste from the email to the program we use for printing the edible images , we are usually in such a hurry that we really do n’t have time to check .
and if we do the customers yell at us for bothering them . ”
See the thread here .
Also see : Cake Design for Geeks
By Ben Cohen
Joe Scarborough 's childish view of international politics was brutally exposed by former U.S. National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski on Scarborough 's show yesterday , proving that there are still sane voices present on the Israeli / Palestinian crisis and people still willing to call the MSM out for dumbing down debate .
Brzezinski called Scarborough out for his ' stunningly superficial ' understanding of the recent Israeli assault on Gaza , ridiculing the logic that all out war on Hamas was a viable long term solution to the crisis and that Israel is in any way justified in its extreme escalation of violence :
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Visit msnbc.com for Breaking News , World News , and News about the Economy
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Just when Blockbuster had blacklisted me for never rewinding , this genius company has released a gadget that will solve all of my problems .
The DVD rewinder will rewind DVDs .
The Centripetal Velocity Spindle will ensure that you are never charged for forgetting to rewind .
Advertisement
This is absolutely real , and honestly it would make a good gag gift for that DVD collector .
Then you two can roflmaonade all the way to the moon , or something .
Twenty bones .
Product Page </ a. [ Via newlaunches ]
President - elect Barack Obama turns towards his daughter Sasha as he is seated with his wife , Michelle , and their other daughter Malia , along with Joe Biden and his wife , Jill
Photograph : Charles Dharapak / AP
Music has brought happiness and so much peace to a lot of people all over the world .
Where spoken words have failed , music has enabled people to understand and bond with one another despite the language barrier .
It has played a big role in the lives of many and became the soundtrack of their lives at some point in time .
Technology may be the main dish in our life right now but music will never disappear in the background .
The nice thing about this is the fact that modern life and music has fused together and we can enjoy the best of both worlds without having to give up the other .
You probably do it yourself every day .
You listen to music on your smart device with an earphone or headset in place .
There ’s an even better breakthrough with the way Alexa can now answer your questions pertaining to music .
The wonders of technology will continue to amaze you , for sure .
Things just get better and better with the passing of time as the hardware needed to support deep learning is made more readily available to the public .
I ’m sure you ’ve heard about apps like Shazam that tells you the title of a song you ’re not familiar with but would n’t it be better for something like Alexa to have this same interactive feature but provide a more satisfying response to your musically - related questions and more .
Aside from answering back to people , Alexa can take note of your music preferences so you do n’t have to constantly repeat yourself or keep on searching for music you like or creating libraries when your digital personal assistant can do it for you .
Sometimes you want to listen to a certain song but you ca n’t quite remember what it ’s called .
Other times you might just want to listen to some of your favorites that you have n’t heard in a while .
Now , Alexa can find those tunes for you .
While listening to Amazon Music , you can now ask Alexa in very general terms to find music you listened to earlier or play something you have n’t heard recently .
You can do so with specific artists by saying , for example , “ Alexa , play that Kendrick Lamar song I was listening to yesterday , ” or , “ Alexa , play Rihanna songs I have n’t heard in a while . ”
You can also ask for genres , but you can get even more general than that by asking Alexa to just play something you have n’t heard lately .
( Via : https://www.engadget.com/2018/03/08/alexa-play-song-cant-remember-name-of/)
Modern living is about living in utter convenience .
With devices like Alexa at your beck and call , you no longer have to do things manually and you can save your time and effort for more worthwhile tasks .
They may be simple tasks that an equally simple AI robot can do but they are the beginning of something even far greater that will definitely be our norm in the coming years .
As of now , thousands , if not millions , are already using Alexa and as it continues to roll out more handy features that the public will like especially individuals who see music as life .
Amazon ’s been rolling out a series of incremental but still useful Alexa features over the past several months , particularly around Amazon Music — the service Amazon would love for you to use as the default on your Echo devices .
Today ’s update includes a couple new features that let users request music using more natural or vague language .
People will now be able to ask Alexa for music tracks or playlists based on time passed , like “ Play that playlist I played last Sunday , ” or “ Play that workout music I listened to three weeks ago , ” or “ Play something I have n’t heard in awhile . ”
The same applies to genres and artists ; you can request a song by an artist that you listened to “ recently , ” or a music mood you ’ve been into lately , even if you do n’t know the specific titles .
( Via : https://www.theverge.com/2018/3/8/17094136/amazon-alexa-casual-music-searches-past-playlists-songs)
Amazon has learned the ropes and realized that by integrating various aspects of human nature and on responding to what interests people the most then integrating it to current tech advancements launched and sold in the market today .
We ca n’t let music disappear in our lives as it is responsible for keeping the balance , and in essentially keeping all of us sane when we are already facing too much in life .
Groove to life ’s music and take advantage of what Alexa has to offer so your life remains as vibrant as the beat of the music you like to listen to or as calm as the soothing notes you listen to once in a while .
If you listen to your elders , they will likely tell you that the world is such a terrible place and for good measure .
You can see it in the news .
People are getting hurt or killed each day .
War persists and there is almost always news of terrorism now and then .
Everyone is at risk .
When you look at it that way , it is easy to see that there is no more humanity left in this world and that we have come back to early biblical times where the mantra was “ to each his own ” and “ an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth ” was the prevailing motto of everyone .
Such a sad picture this reality paints however it is not always true .
There is still some goodness left in people and it is what enables our modern society to exist ( while not always peacefully but ) civilly with one another .
Charity is still at the core of society and there are still plenty of civic volunteers left to help fill the gap created by the gaping disparity between the rich and the poor .
Not all the time you can rely on the government to help out and provide for the needs of the millions of citizens especially in third - world countries where basic needs are continually not met and the majority of the population lives in poverty all - year round .
It is a good thing that there are generous countries , organizations , and individuals who continue to do charitable acts in an attempt to respond to problems faced by others who obviously have less in life .
You do n’t even have to go far to see the extent of societal problems prevalent in today ’s society .
Just step out of your home and go to a public place and you can see homeless people lying on the sidewalk or begging for alms everywhere .
The Swedish government will give 120 million kronor ( $ 14.57 million ) over three years to charities working with homeless refugee youths in the country , Dagens Nyheter ( DN ) reports .
Six different organizations including the Red Cross , Save the Children and Stadsmissionen will share the funds .
The donation is for people who have lost their right to a home in Sweden – for example because they have been given a deportation decision in an asylum application – or those who cannot be deported because it is not possible to execute the order .
( Via : https://www.thelocal.se/20180308/swedish-government-gives-millions-to-charities-helping-homeless-refugee-youths)
However , you can do something on your own .
Your contribution should not always be that big for it to make a difference in people ’s lives .
After all , it is all about sharing what you have so others can live better too .
All these little efforts can go a long way when done altogether as it can pave the way to raising awareness to charitable causes since there are many who badly needs it in today ’s world .
The funny thing is that while many are dying of thirst in hunger , only a few answers this call as many only obsess over their material wants and all the other luxuries that dominate today ’s world .
The Young Women ’s Trust ( YWT ) supports and represents women aged 16 - 30 struggling to live on low or no pay in England and Wales and at risk of being trapped in poverty .
YWT offers free coaching and personalised advice on job applications , conducts research , runs campaigns and works with young women to build their confidence .
“ Donations are crucial , ” explains Joe Levenson , from the charity .
“ They give lost young women confidence and direction through sessions with a trained coach .
“ They help young women make top notch CVs that get them past the wall of automated rejection emails .
And they get young women in the press and in front of politicians . ”
( Via : http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/how-to-support-women-donate-charity_uk_5a958c52e4b036ab0142e74d)
Poverty will persist to be a problem whichever part of the world you live in .
Charity may act as a band - aid solution and keep everything together far longer but it does not solve the problem .
Only when we teach the poor how to feed and support themselves will we be able to gradually wipe out poverty little by little .
But that process is arduous and next to impossible as prices of commodities are always rising among others , so getting that little push is a welcome reprieve for everyone who has a hard time surviving in today ’s world as they try to get back up on their feet .
Learn to look past your own vested interests and be more considerate of others and you will you be able to realize that you have more than what you need and giving back to society will be much appreciated by those who need whatever is in excess in your life .
Nothing stays the same .
Change is the only thing that is constant in the world .
From the environment to the people , everything changes , which is why we should all try our best to keep up with all those changes .
Keeping yourself updated is especially crucial in the medical profession where people ’s lives are at stake from one simple mistake .
It is no wonder there are medical conferences on a regular basis as clinical and scientific studies and research are never - ending as well .
Newer drugs are likewise developed that has a major impact to how medical management is carried out .
Medical conferences allow medical professionals to mingle with their colleagues and listen to key speakers discuss important updates that will soon be put into practice apart from giving them a chance to discuss all these changes by themselves .
We have seen it time again where one practice is rendered obsolete because of scientific developments that show a different way of doing things .
It ’s the same with the things we do today , we are n’t 100 % sure that they will still be the norm years from now .
Medical conferences make way for people in the same circle become familiar with each other , which in turn can also help them collaborate with one another for a better understanding of a particular issue or case because when you look at it , the medical profession is one big community of medical professionals who are responsible in upholding the health and well - being of the general public at all times .
Speakers generally set a medical conference ’s tone , and despite its humble beginning , CMSC has never needed to invite a speaker outside its membership , Halper said .
Particularly in the study of MS , the average attendee considers the lecturers exceptional and therefore worth the admission .
That sort of esteem does n’t make the job any easier .
Rochelle Walensky , MD , MPH , of the Division of Infectious Diseases at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston , knows what it feels like to be the focus of attention for thousands of the world ’s leading doctors in a particular field .
A self - described introvert , she has been a staple lecturer at the Infectious Diseases Society of America ’s annual meeting ( IDWeek ) since its inception in 2012 .
Although the pressure is high , she said , the risk is worth the reward .
“ There ’s no greater feeling than coming off the podium and having people say , ‘ That was a great talk , ” Walensky told MD Magazine® .
“ There ’s a fulfilling component to that . ” ( Via : http://www.mdmag.com/medical-news/-improving-health-care-conference-by-conference)
It may sound like a lucrative profession for many but doctors , in particular , spend years studying about medicine including clinical internship so they are exposed to the patients first - hand and they get to apply what they learned in theory to actual patient management .
We are well - aware about the importance of medical conferences but the speakers are also key on how these updates are effectively communicated to the recipients .
A well - attended and well - received conference can help disseminate information faster rather than send out email or letters about these changes , which is really crucial if the information needed must be shared to a lot of people the soonest time possible .
The panel of experts and medical veterans will lead “ dynamic tutorials , lectures , and workshops ” and talks will start with the basic concept of AI and continue to advanced deep - learning technologies and trends in healthcare .
Organizers said the goal of the meeting is to engage busy healthcare professionals “ in riding the gigantic waves of AI in healthcare to a brighter tomorrow . ”
Organizers include the AHMC Health Systems ( Alhambra Hospital Medical Center and its sister hospitals in Southern California ) , the National Health Research Institutes and Taipei Medical University in Taiwan , Allied Pacific IPA and Network Medical Management .
( Via : http://www.pasadenanow.com/main/the-first-international-conference-of-ai-in-healthcare-icaih-starts-today-at-the-langham/#.WqEtO-hubIU)
It is even more crucial for doctors and other allied professionals as technology is also a key factor in the delivery of healthcare services .
It is a given that the medical world should embrace these tech changes as wherever you look in the hospital are machines and gadgets that aid in the delivery of medicines and treatments that are even able to save a dying person ’s life .
And with the rapid pace technology keeps on pushing forward , we ’d like be seeing more medical conferences that do n’t solely discuss medical issues but as well as how technology fits in the picture such as artificial intelligence that seems to be the direction we are heading at .
Learning never ends and we ’ll keep on adapting to these changes if it means our species can survive no matter what changes this planet goes through .
Becoming a parent is not easy .
There is no manual that teaches you how to be one .
It is something you learn as you go .
It is why many parents make mistakes .
It is why some choose to stay single forever but still , the majority choose to get hitched for life and procreate once they reach adulthood .
Adulting is hard it itself but having added responsibilities make the burden even heavier and more challenging to carry out as another human being relies entirely on you and your partner until they become adults themselves and are able to support themselves .
The thing is while it is undeniably difficult , being a parent is also one of the most rewarding feelings in this world .
Nothing compares to seeing the smile on your child ’s face and being called a “ mom ” or a “ dad ” .
Unfortunately , modern life has n’t made parenting any easier .
In a sense , it is even worse now that there are plenty of tech - related distractions that captures your young one ’s attention that it has significantly changed what parenting is all about today .
You can see it all around you .
Kids are hooked to gadgets .
They are lazier now since they have devices that can do things for them and their attitude is so much different from those of the kids of yesteryears .
And modern parents are n’t even any better as they are mostly distracted too and just shove these modern gadgets to their impatient kids .
KIDS ’ screen time has skyrocketed , and is now a major battleground between parents and their children .
An exclusive Sunday Mail / Seven News parenting poll of almost 2000 Queensland mums and dads has found managing screen time is now the second highest parenting concern in the state .
Parents say they ’re worried the trend is stopping them from communicating with their kids and it ’s causing regular family fights .
The third annual parenting survey conducted by Triple P – Positive Parenting Program also found parents are concerned their kids are not eating well and being active .
Triple P founder Matt Sanders said the two concerns were linked and said it was crucial for parents to lead by example .
( Via : https://www.thechronicle.com.au/news/childrens-screen-time-a-battleground-for-families/3345364/)
It has become a damaging cycle that hurts both the parents and the child because of the abuse of technology yet what can we do when the world we now live in is virtually an online community that is connected through the web .
Some parents try their best to not join the bandwagon and put limitations on their kid ’s access and use of these devices but it is n’t always that easy to keep it away from them when they can see other kids doing the same thing .
Add to that the fact that parents do n’t always practice what they preach .
If their kids see them doing otherwise , will they also listen to what you tell them to do ?
The arguments against screens usually center on how they affect brain development and the ability to focus .
Julie ’s information about phones mostly comes from her husband , who read Sherry Turkle ’s Alone Together : Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other before their son was born , which is about the decay of relationships in the digital age .
He also tries to keep up with the articles that come out on the subject ; he has been especially moved by Jean M. Twenge ’s writing about the demise of the first generation raised on smartphones , and Andrew Sullivan ’s piece in New York magazine on how he cured his internet addiction with a smartphone - free camp .
But much of the most alarming pieces about phones relies on anecdotes or surveys with unclear causation , like do depressed kids use social media , or does social media make kids depressed ?
Solid studies on smartphones are hard to find or yield contradictory results .
Smartphones are pushing us to “ the brink of the worst mental - health crisis in decades , ” writes Twenge , a psychologist .
( Via : https://www.theverge.com/2018/3/8/17095582/smartphone-screen-time-parenting-child-development)
It has even created a rift between parents who are undecided regarding screen time for their children .
It only goes to show that nothing is by the book until today .
While parents are older and ought to be wiser , it does not mean they ’ll always do the right thing and agree on a set way of raising their kids .
Culture varies and technology continues to play a big role in shaping the world and society that we know of so only time can tell how children parented today turns out to be .
The early exposure to tech devices may work to their advantage since the world is becoming highly digital by the minute .
However , there are drawbacks too and kids fail to acquire many life skills and important values that kids before know like the back of their hand but is lost in today ’s youth .
If you ’re not a parent yet , you ’d likely be a parent soon so it helps to have background knowledge on issues faced by parents right now so you can make better choices and raise brighter and well - grounded kids whose lives do n’t revolve around the gadgets they ( and their parents ) are using .
We safely and comfortably live in our own little bubble until disaster strikes .
By then , all our daily routine is put to a halt .
The thoughts of school , work , and other life pursuits become insignificant .
Whether in your home life or in businesses , it is always imperative to set up a business disaster recovery plan of sorts .
You ca n’t just afford to be careless especially that many nations are at war and even Asia is not spared .
The threat of an impending nuclear war remains because North Korea continues to hold its ground and resists being intimidated by many Western nations .
And that is not the only issue we have that involves war or conflicts between Asian nations .
Making such preparations is even more important if you own a business , big or small .
Ensuring data is backed up , and servers can be recovered is key .
There is a lot at stake and you ca n’t afford to lose a business you have grown from scratch .
And considering that we use technology in almost all of the things we do , a disaster business plan similar to what many progressive Western countries have should also be considered by many Asian entrepreneurs because it is better to be safe than sorry , after all .
Megacities , defined as urban areas exceeding 10 million inhabitants , accumulate impressive physical , human and intellectual resources .
Experts argue that over time megacities will contribute higher income and living standards for their citizens by increasing economies of scale and reducing production costs .
Independent studies document that today ’s 29 megacities are the decisive factor in the world economy .
In fact , global gross domestic product ( GDP ) is much more dependent on the largest megacities than it is on the world ’s 200 sovereign nations .
In addition to contributing to a significant chunk of their national GDPs , megacities also play important roles as global hubs for finance and commerce .
For Asia , the megacity phenomenon has special importance .
This is underlined by a number of facts : 16 of today ’s 29 megacities are Asia - based
The world ’s three most populous megacities are Tokyo ( 38 million ) , Delhi ( 26 million ) and Shanghai ( 24 million )
Gigacities — those with more than 50 million people — are expected to emerge in the region in future For now , megacities have become the cornerstone for development and prosperity .
However , their rapid growth also brings a broad range of challenges , which need to be given special considerations .
( Via : http://www.brinknews.com/asia/megacities-in-asia-responding-to-risks-securing-prosperity/)
Moreover , the threat of natural calamities continues to be a constant threat to both individuals and businesses each year aside from armed conflict and terrorist activities .
Add to that the dangers of global warming and climate change that has made these natural disasters worse and leave irreparable damage at times aside from claiming countless lives can make you lose your business in a snap .
With cities and communities across the world facing bigger challenges than ever before , emerging digital services are giving governments the tools to address many common problems .
Delivering the keynote at the event today , John Giusti , chief regulatory officer at GSMA ( pictured ) , said : “ Rapid urbanisation is putting strain on cities ’ infrastructure , pollution , natural disasters , and humanitarian crises need to be better monitored and managed , and a growing population will require access to essential services . ”
The digitisation of services and the rise of the IoT – the creation of networks of intelligently connected devices and interoperable services – allows citizens to seamlessly interact with different aspects of their life all over digital channels , he explained .
For a glimpse the impact a digital future will have , he gave a number of examples in Asia Pacific .
Local governments in China are using IoT to monitor public buses and use the data collected to deliver more effective and efficient transportation .
( Via : https://www.mobileworldlive.com/asia/asia-news/gsma-outlines-key-steps-to-digital-future/)
You would n’t want to start from scratch in the aftermath of a disaster or a nonsense war .
Businesses need capital in order to work and you likely spent a great deal of your time , effort , and money in starting your business only to see it ravaged by calamities both natural and man-made because you did n’t have the foresight to prepare for it when you still had the time .
While coming up with such a plan is n’t a walk in the park , it should not be ignored either or risk suffering big business losses you ’ll be regretting for years .
Computers are now the lifeline of businesses because most transactions have gone digital .
The first thing that often suffers when computers are damaged is the hard drive , which happens to be where all your precious data is stored .
https://sites.google.com/site/datarecoverychanel/ can help you come up with a disaster recovery plan , so you no longer have to go through the hassles of data recovery , which is the common issue faced by business owners in disaster - prone areas and war - torn nations .
Always remember that disaster planning should be a part of your business ’s operation procedures and not as a mere afterthought .
That ’s how you transform a small business into a mighty empire .
When buying something most people like to review the product .
They speak with their friends and family to see who has used it and what their experience was like .
Depending on the product a lot of people will also go online to find the answers they are looking for .
When it comes to snoring mouthpieces there is one place that many can go to find the reviews that they can trust , without a doubt .
If you or someone you know snores you know that it ’s not something that ’s easily surmountable .
People snore for a variety of reasons , but the most common ones are : Heavy alcohol or drug consumption before sleeping
Overweight
Stress
Excessive Smoking
Use of over the counter sleep medication
When you sleep , the muscles in your face and throat relax .
For many people , the snoring sound that we are all familiar with is caused by the tongue relaxing and falling to the back of the throat , cutting off the air supply .
There are several different ways to combat this issue by implementing a few lifestyle changes .
If possible , cut back on the smoking and drinking before bed .
If you are overweight , you may want to look at your diet and possibly implement an exercise plan .
Those who are stressed should be creating self - care plans to help reduce the load .
And those who are using medication just to even get a good sleep may benefit from any of the above changes as those may be the reasons you are n’t sleeping in the first place .
There are many different types of anti-snoring mouthpieces available on the market , according to the Snoring Mouthpiece Review ( see their Good Morning Snore Solution review )
There are those that go completely in your mouth , the most common ones , and work to either push your jaw forward to open the airway or hold your tongue in place to keep it from falling to the back of your throat .
Some of them even do both .
If you ’re looking for a single location to read reviews on the pieces that are available you should be sure to look at some decent websites out there .
The author diligently reviews hundreds of different brands and styles of anti-snoring mouthpieces to give the reader honest reviews .
They are not Read the rest of this entry
Unlike most tangible consumer goods or products , protecting your intellectual property is rather challenging even with the modern advancements that we now have today .
And now with the growing popularity of the web , you can easily copy other people ’s work and pass it off as your own and nobody will find out .
It is even trickier when it comes to arts and craft where a little edit or change of filter can completely alter the look of something .
Of course , we are talking about digital arts .
The computer and smart technology / smart gadgets reign supreme and it does not come as a surprise if businesses also flock to the web because that where almost everyone is .
The market has drastically changed and the players are all over the world the games has definitely gotten dirtier .
If you are an artist yourself , I am sure you have your fair share of struggles and challenges concerning your craft .
Others may steal your work without you knowing and you end up uncompensated for your hard work and intellectual property .
There are measures being implemented , though , to prevent this thing from happening such as copyright protection .
Having a copyright on your work is actually a great way to ensure you retain ownership on your work even way after you die but some people manage to get their way around it for reasons that many of us ca n’t or fail to understand .
Copyright is a cornerstone of any democratic , progressive , free society that values and wishes to continue to enjoy the benefits of a knowledge - based economy .
“ As the founders of this country were wise enough to see , ” former register of copyrights Abraham Kaminstein told the United States Congress in the 1970s , “ the most important elements of any civilization include its independent creators — its authors , composers and artists –who create as a matter of personal initiative and spontaneous expression rather than as a result of patronage or subsidy .
A strong , practical copyright is the only assurance we have that this creative activity will continue . ”
Most people agree that the world would be poorer without the works of Picasso , and in so far as his “ creative activity ” was supported by copyright , copyright must be a Good Thing .
( Via : http://edition.cnn.com/style/article/art-copyright-beg-steal-borrow/index.html)
Of course , for someone who came up with that idea or piece of work or art , it just makes sense that you have ownership over it and get remunerated as well .
It is why having a copyright ensures you do n’t get ripped off of the product of your imagination , hard work , and labor and these artists often receive some sort of payment or royalty over the course of their lifetime .
In this day and age , it should be mandatory for all intellectual properties to be protected so that its rightful owners not only get the recognition they deserve but they also make money from it .
What Can Be Copyrighted ?
The rule is that , for a work to be copyrightable , it must be original — even a “ modicum of creativity ” will be enough – and it must be fixed “ in a tangible medium of expression . ”
This simply means that the work must be somewhat original – that is , an independently created work that is not a copy of something else – and be expressed on some form of media , whether it be canvas , paper , phonorecords ( CDs , LPs , MP3s , etc. ) , or even digital coding that can only be read by a machine .
The law lists eight categories of works that are protectable by copyright : literary works ; musical works ; dramatic works ; pantomimes and choreographed works ; pictorial , graphic and sculptural works ; motion pictures and other audiovisual works ; sound recordings ; and architectural works .
( Video games can qualify for protection as both literary works and as audiovisual works .
The computer code generally crosses the “ literary ” threshold as specific characters in a specific sequence to be read by a machine – but of course , games use audio and visuals as much as any television or movie , so they would be protected under the audiovisual category , even if the law did not protect computer code . )
( Via : http://www.cartoonbrew.com/law/beginners-guide-copyright-law-artists-153115.html)
Check the article above if you are unsure how to proceed regarding copyrights especially if you are someone whose work is subject to it .
Ignorance is never an excuse and you will likely regret not orienting yourself to all these things when you still can rather than lose any right on your own work because you failed to protect yourself and your work of art when you still can .
Also , it helps to know which types of work are copyrightable and which ones are n’t so you do n’t waste your time and effort on something which wo n’t work at all .
Try to research the Berne Convention too because it will shed more light about copyrights regardless of where you live in the 172 countries that signed it .
So , take the time to know the law and protect your own intellectual properties without any more glitch .
There will always be fans no matter what field or industry .
Some are just casual onlookers but there will always be die - hard supporters who will go to extreme lengths to show their undying love , support , and admiration to their idols .
The sporting world is no exception .
In major sporting events the world over , you can see fans going all - out and making a fool of themselves to show the athletes and even the entire world how much they mean to them .
Sometimes it is amusing but there are times many fans go overboard and borders to the annoying and disturbing .
If you are a fan yourself , you probably are aware of these things too and are probably of doing something crazy now and then especially when it involves the team you are supporting .
While you are free to do as you please when it comes to supporting your team , there is a certain decorum expected from fans especially when in a public event alongside hundreds to thousands of other spectators .
We get it , you love your team but please spare others from seeing you make a fool of yourself .
You can fangirl or fanboy all you want and nobody is stopping you but please try to act more civil and not make it awkward for those around you .
Heed the following tips to help you unleash the ultimate fan part of you without regretting the things you did after .
And you do n’t need to do much to stay in your line , just a little common sense will do .
Actually , doing less is the key here .
Remember , the more you talk , the more mistakes .
It is within that line of reasoning .
Trash talk is an entrenched and acceptable part of the sports world .
Franchise rivalries will always exist and add layers of competitive drama .
Athletes and fans alike trash talk to show passion for their team and challenge their opposition to bring their best effort .
It can motivate players and keeps fans on the edges of their seats .
However , trash talk sours when a specific person or demographic is targeted .
Most fans are likely familiar with phrases like ‘ Pittsburgh Penguins fans are arrogant ’ or ‘ Golden State Warriors fans are all bandwagoners . ’
Heated arguments often arise about team allegiances between fan bases and involve cheap insults about a stranger ’s character .
This is especially damaging when socioethnic status , gender , age or sexuality are attacked .
Generalizing and aggravating remarks are a waste of time and limit the enjoyment of sports to a specific crowd .
Petty bullying is unnecessary and trash talk should be balanced with sportsmanship that keeping intense rivalries grounded and respectful .
A truly meaningful rivalry is distinguished by players and fans who can put aside tense emotions to say , “ Good game . ” ( Via : http://www.thegauntlet.ca/fan-etiquette-to-keep-in-mind-at-sporting-events/)
Since sports events are often held in large stadiums or arenas , you ’ll definitely find yourself in a big crowd especially if the team playing is rather popular .
As much as possible , avoid alcohol intake prior or during the event .
Alcohol can mess with your brain .
Everybody knows that .
And when you are drunk or under the influence of liquor , you do all sorts of crazy things and that may lead you into trouble .
You ’re not thinking clearly and you can easily get into arguments and get into a fight without you really knowing what is happening .
Cheer on for your team and go home happy win or lose not broken and beat .
Highlight Your Manners
Be aware of your surroundings .
If everyone is sitting , refrain from standing up in front of them .
Keep in mind , however , most people stand up during a nail - biting game and you may want to do the same .
You are not at a theatre performance .
Be a Gracious Loser People may travel to the game to root for the opposing team .
Your conduct is a reflection of those you support .
You can tell a lot about a person by the way they handle defeat .
It may be all in good fun to tease and cajole but it ’s easy to step over the line .
Win with humility and lose with class .
( Via : https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/football-etiquette-how-to-be-the-ultimate-fan_us_59b7fa2be4b0883782dec328)
These tips apply whatever sports it is you are a fan of especially if you are attending live games .
Just remember the very reason why you are there , to watch your favorite team play .
And if fate and luck is in your favor , they may even win .
As long as you are on your best behavior , attending a live sport event may be one of the best experiences you can ever have .
It can also keep you out of trouble especially now that most public places exercise more stringent security measures because of the continued threat of terrorism .
When you think about it , watching a game live is just like watching a movie , only in broad daylight and the action is unscripted .
The way you watch your manners inside the cinema is something you can also do when you support your favorite sports team although with a little bit spice and flair .
We have long associated an iPhone to affluence and sophistication .
Only the rich can afford Apple products in the past .
Today , more people can afford an iPhone but still its image of being a classy gadget remains and for a lot of reasons .
For starters , its graphics and user - friendly interface still reigns supreme above other brands ( Android ones , definitely ) .
If we talk about the x-factor of the iPhone , there are too many to mention .
While it has its limitations , its sleek and sophisticated look among others is enough to sway people to spend almost always a fortune to afford this gem of a smart device .
Now that it ’s already 2017 , the smartphone industry has more than just blown up .
Almost everyone owns a smartphone these days .
Even a young child knows how to navigate the screen of any smart device and they often also have iPads or tablets of their own .
It ’s a quantum leap as compared to the lives led by most three and four year olds a decade or two back when they used to play out in the dirt and under the sun almost all day long .
Today , kids are comfortable in using these tech devices as if it is second nature to them to navigate its many tech intricacies that still baffles some older adults today .
The most recent addition to the Apple smartphone lineup is the iPhone X , an extraordinarily luxurious phone and just as expensive as well but does it really deserve all the hype it is now getting ?
Every new iPhone comes with new hardware and software innovations that power signature features which are n’t available on other iOS or macOS devices .
In time , these features will be available on all iPhones and iPads of the future .
Older models will not get them because they often lack the hardware to support those features , and that ’s understandable .
But other times , Apple may just choose not to make a software feature backward compatible .
The iPhone X comes with a sophisticated front - facing TrueDepth camera that includes a bunch of sensors and cameras to make facial recognition identification possible .
Apple also developed a cute software trick to demo its facial recognition advancements , the Animoji app that quickly went viral once the iPhone X launched .
It turns out the Animoji app does n’t need all the sensors in the notch to work .
But the app is not available on any other iPhone except the X. ( Via : http://bgr.com/2017/11/15/iphone-x-review-animoji-iphone-8/)
Until today , the appeal of the Apple iPhone line has never diminished .
Even if there are loads and loads of Android competitions now in the market , many still prefer to buy the innovator brand because of its classic and timeless appeal that is also leading to tech advancements and innovations .
It ’s no wonder why people do n’t hesitate in spending hundreds to thousands of bucks a piece because of its gorgeous aesthetics and mind - blowing specs and features .
Right now , the iPhone X is the apple of everyone ’s eye and considering the price tag , it seriously should have otherworldly capabilities for people not to do a double take on the price tag .
The iPhone X introduces a new form factor complete with a gorgeous edge - to - edge display .
Apple stretched the display out to the very edges of the phone , leaving no room for bezels , giving the phone an immediate “ wow ” factor .
This bold design choice makes the iPhone X very comfortable to hold .
At 5.65 inches , its height sits nicely between the small iPhone 8 ( 5.45 inches ) and compact Samsung Galaxy S8 ( 5.68 inches ) .
The iPhone X is significantly smaller than the beefy iPhone 8 Plus ( 6.24 inches ) , and you can slip it in your pockets without any problems .
That said , it is a bit thicker and heftier than any iPhone I ’ve held in recent years .
In fact , the X , rather fittingly , feels a lot like the original 2007 iPhone .
Aside from the display , the only major aesthetic difference from the iPhone 8 is the vertically oriented dual - lens camera on the back .
( Via : https://www.dailydot.com/debug/iphone-x-review/)
And for good measure , the iPhone X also gets all the hype because it truly is a standout .
Even non-iOS users must admit how phenomenal the new handset that is a stark contrast to the previous iPhone models released in recent years .
In the past , Apple often just tweaked a few features to set their new phones apart from the previous models and did n’t really offered something entirely different than what ’s already on the table .
This time , they have overcame conventions and delivered what the people want and to hopefully help the company boost sales as well as last year ’s performance was definitely far from stellar .
New features adorn the iPhone X that no longer bears the home button , Touch ID and display bezels .
With the arrival of this new Super Retina Display screen comes the removal of the Home button and Touch ID sensor ; now replaced by a completely new security system : Face ID .
Face ID uses a series of sensors to map and scan the user ’s face , and is used to unlock the handset , authorise Apple Pay payments and authenticate access to various apps .
You simply look at iPhone X and VOILA .
In practice , Face ID works effectively around 85 per cent of the time .
To use it you really need to be looking at the screen – an ‘ attentive ’ feature that also prevents unauthorised parties from unlocking your handset by shoving it in front of your face – not just glancing at it as it sits on the desk in front of you .
( Via : http://thenewdaily.com.au/life/tech/2017/11/07/iphone-x-review/)
It is no wonder why many experts call it the face of the future because of its surreal futuristic appearance and of course , features that we should start to get used to now that Apple started others will soon follow suit and join in on the bandwagon .
After all , Apple is the smartphone innovator .
Do n’t ever forget that .
The iPhone X is like what you pictured out in the movies especially spy ones that lets you do a lot of crazy cool things .
You have to get used to swiping more and more with the disappearance of the iconic home button that adorned all past and present iPhones prior the iPhone X .
Taking pictures has changed as well and let ’s not forget the much - talked about animojis that will liven up each and every conversation .
Now , it is up to you to decide whether it ’s fine with you to splurge on such a device .
Even if mental health is n’t something tangible to the naked eye or easily observable nor measurable , it does not mean it is not important .
Whether you are young or old , it is important to not only be physical healthy but to be mentally healthy as well .
Many of our internal struggles can significantly weigh you down and prevent you from realizing your fullest potentials because others are oblivious to the fact that you are silently fighting your inner demons .
Despite the continued advances in technology , some things still remain the same or perhaps even get worse with the passing of time .
The more we get hooked to technology we are , the more isolated we become from the real world .
Many people spend hours glued to their smartphones and no longer lead an active social life unlike people in the past who actually had to go out and meet and talk to people if they wanted to connect at all .
The most vulnerable to the cons of technology are today ’s youth .
They are basically just learning how the world works but they are already exposed to a lot of things that they are not yet ready for because of their overexposure to social media .
While there are many things you can do online , it has its perils too and they easily fall prey because they have access to the web even without their parent ’s supervision .
After all , most kids today have their own smart gadgets that they are free to use at will and a WiFi connection is almost part of every household ’s utility today .
Since most of these young children and teens are active on social media , they are vulnerable to cyber bullying and face the backlash of a violent and oppressive online community where they have no power over .
Beginning next year , elementary , middle and high schools in New York state will be required to include mental health education in the health curriculum .
“ New York State is the first state in the country to do this and I think that ’s phenomenal .
We are taking the lead and setting an example on what to do and how to help these young people , ” said Karl Shallowhorn , director of community advocacy for the Mental Health Association of Erie County and Compeer Buffalo .
Shallowhorn also serves on the board of the Mental Health Association of New York State , which pushed for legislation to require mental health education , and is now working with the NY State Department of Education to develop the curriculum .
( Via : http://www.9news.com/news/education/mental-health-education-required-for-ny-students/489238713)
Many adults are starting to realize the impact of technology most especially social media to the youth .
Depression is a mental condition from which most youth suffers from without their parents or guardians knowing because they keep it to themselves .
They either stay cooped up inside their rooms and foregoing any social interaction with others , so they intentionally alienate themselves from people who can possibly help them in their attempt to protect themselves from more harm .
Aside from their tech use , schools today are also stressors for most students as they have to deal with all sorts of peer pressure , expectations , and bullying among others although this is no longer new as it is the reality for everyone who were once students themselves in their youth .
Experts say parents play a pivotal role in changing the conversation when it comes to their kids ’ psychological well - being .
Here are a few ways to spot if your kid is dealing with a mental health issue and how to realistically help them through it :
Look out for striking changes in behavior .
Nguyen says that drastic changes in mood ― especially in a month or a shorter period of time ― could be a sign that something bigger is at play .
This can include withdrawing from social activities kids once loved , or displaying anger or sadness more than usual .
Teens who might be engaging in self - harm may wear longer sleeves , even in warm weather , Nguyen added .
“ That ’s a huge red flag , ” she said .
“ It ’s kind of hard because these things correlate with puberty and sometimes adults are like , ‘ Oh , my kid is just going through those shifts . ’
It gets hard for parents because this period of time is so muddy . ”
( Via : https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/youth-mental-health-report_us_5a0d02c4e4b0b17e5e13f4f4)
Again , it boils down to having an open relationship between parents and their kids .
Younger and older children are all at risk even if they face different challenges according to their ages .
Parents should be sensitive and observant of any changes to their children ’s behavior because there will definitely be red flags that will tell you something is definitely wrong even if they are not speaking up about it .
Let us never overlook our mental health no matter your age because our sanity is the only thing that keeps us going in this crazy world we live in .
It ’s essentially what gives you the will to move forward no matter how difficult life gets .
But of course , we are only human .
Our mental health will deteriorate at certain points in our lives but it does not mean it is the end of the world for you .
You can rise above the anxiety , depression , or whatever it is that is mentally weighing you down and live a happy life that does not rely on other people ’s approval .
Most of us ca n’t get enough of all the perks offered by our modern life .
Boredom is virtually nonexistent as there are a number of things you can do on your own that will definitely put a smile on your face .
You do n’t even have to go far since you can do all those things in the palm of your hand .
Yes , smart technology transformed ordinary cellular phones into handy multi-functional devices that can connect us to the web and do all sorts of crazy things we never thought were possible a little over a decade back .
It ’s been 10 years now since the first iPhone was released and I ’m sure many of you can no longer remember what it was like living in a low - tech world .
The US is almost always at the frontier of tech innovations as most of these tech wonders were born in American soil .
Now , fast - forward to 2017 and a new president , America seems to be going backward in terms of the measures it takes to protect the environment .
It is most crucial now more than ever with global warming and climate change making living and simply surviving difficult for many of us .
These are just some of the downsides of our modern life and if we can’t give up all the comforts of modern living , then we should at least double our efforts in reducing its dangers to the environment before it is too late for us to do damage control at all .
Aside from signing out of the Paris climate agreement , the current US administration continues on dismantling federal environmental regulations that supposedly should protect the planet from the amount of stress and abuse it is receiving from us .
The Trump administration ’s dismantling of environmental regulations has intensified a growing civil rights battle over the deadly burden of pollution on minorities and low - income people .
Black , Latino , and disadvantaged people have long been disproportionately afflicted by toxins from industrial plants , cars , hazardous housing conditions and other sources .
But political leaders , academics and activists spoke of a growing urgency around the struggle for environmental justice as the Trump administration peels away rules designed to protect clean air and water .
“ What we are seeing is the institutionalization of discrimination again , the thing we ’ve fought for 40 years , ” said Robert Bullard , an academic widely considered the father of the environmental justice movement .
( Via : http://www.motherjones.com/environment/2017/11/trumps-war-on-the-environment-is-a-civil-rights-emergency/)
Many citizens have expressed outrage over the blatant neglect of the environment these days .
It ’s because President Trump thinks climate change is a hoax and is perhaps the reason why he does not give any importance to major environmental issues the world is facing .
Worst is he appears to be sabotaging it on purpose .
And as a highly progressive country , America contributes greatly to the abuse and misuse of the world ’s resources .
Meanwhile , struggling and impoverished nation suffer from the wrath of Mother Nature while bigger and more powerful nations like ours have total disregard of the sensitive state of the environment .
But amidst the cacophony , Donald Trump has had quieter personal successes , particularly with his international and environmental agendas .
On the environment , he has paved the way for climate deniers and science skeptics to hijack the Environmental Protection Agency , or EPA , and use bureaucracy as a political tool for censorship and deregulation .
( The climate change EPA web page is still unavailable . )
He has led millions of Americans to doubt the basic concepts of truth , facts , evidence and science .
He has dismantled America ’s global climate change agenda by taking steps to formally withdraw from the Paris climate agreement .
National Geographic keeps a running list of environmental assaults committed by the Trump administration as a way of monitoring the national government ’s anti-science crusade .
( Via : http://www.dailycal.org/2017/11/05/environment-californians-fight-back-trump/)
Many may actually persecute President Trump and laugh at his apparent failure in revamping the federal healthcare system by abolishing Obamacare but it seems he has his little successes that he is silently celebrating for and clearly the environment is one of the major victims here .
The sad truth here is that we will eventually suffer from all these neglect because this is the only planet we live in and whatever the state of the planet will become is because of our actions today .
Considering how big of a country the US is , it is easy to visualize its impact to the planet at large if it continues to violate nature and continue to ignore the relationship between irresponsible human actions to the pathetic state of the planet right now .
Knowing the environmental policies being pushed for by the US right now , it is up to you to decide whether or not it is pro or anti-environment after all .
The planet is changing at a rapid level .
Many changes are taking places that are not always good for everyone on land or even those in water .
You may not be able to see all these changes by simply looking outside your window , numerous things are happening on a global scale that has a big impact on virtually everyone on the planet .
Climate change , for instance , is no longer just a threat but a reality we are all facing every single day .
The ocean is rising and so is the planet heating up .
They may all seem irrelevant to the ordinary man but they play a big role to how the world works as a whole .
And when you hear someone saying we are now in the midst of an environmental crisis , it ca n’t be any truer .
Everything we do , big or small , has an impact on the world .
If we want to protect the planet and make sure we do n’t suffer that often in the hands of Mother Nature , let us also reduce our carbon footprint and we should practice more environment - friendly ways in everything we do .
Even the little things we do count a lot in saving the world and somehow making it a better place for each and every one of us .
Nobody will help us except ourselves .
In the end , it is us who will also suffer if we do n’t step up and do something about all the environmental issues we are facing because after all , we only have one planet to live in .
Let ’s stop making it unlivable by cleaning up our acts and considering how the environment will be affected in all of our actions .
The proposal to have environmental education as a subject in schools has been finalised .
Natural Resources and Environment Minister Datuk Seri Wan Junaidi Tuanku Jaafar today said he was ready to discuss the proposal with the Education Minister .
He said top officials from his ministry and the Education Ministry have been discussing the proposal for months and those in the discussions were receptive to the idea of having such a subject .
“ Once I get the report from the deputy secretary - general , who headed the ministry in the talks with the Education Ministry , discussions between the Education Minister and I can start .
( Via : https://www.nst.com.my/news/nation/2017/11/298392/proposal-have-environmental-education-subject-schools-finalised)
And since the youth is the future of any nation , it is only logical to start educating the youth about the importance of the environment and what measures can be done to safeguard it from further harm .
Human activities are the number one reason why the planet is what it is today .
Our abuse and misuse of natural resources have led to widespread natural disasters that took human lives aside from destroying properties and ravaging communities .
Looking at the state of the environment right now , it is inevitable for stronger and more destructive natural calamities to come and wreak havoc on human lives at the rate things are going now .
Only through education can we do something big that can have a lasting impression to everyone as to why the environment needs protection .
Tens of millions of people will be forced from their homes by climate change in the next decade , creating the biggest refugee crisis the world has ever seen , according to a new report .
Senior US military and security experts have told the Environmental Justice Foundation ( EJF ) study that the number of climate refugees will dwarf those that have fled the Syrian conflict , bringing huge challenges to Europe .
“ If Europe thinks they have a problem with migration today … wait 20 years , ” said retired US military corps brigadier general Stephen Cheney .
“ See what happens when climate change drives people out of Africa – the Sahel [ sub - Saharan area ] especially – and we ’re talking now not just one or two million , but 10 or 20 [ million ] .
They are not going to south Africa , they are going across the Mediterranean . ” ( Via : https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/nov/02/climate-change-will-create-worlds-biggest-refugee-crisis)
You can probably see it in the news right now .
Every now and then there is this awful disaster that destroys towns and cities and leaves people displaced for weeks , even months on end .
Recovery is often a slow and painful process and it can break you in ways that you ’ve never imagined before .
If you do n’t want to suffer and turn your life upside down especially if you live in a high - risk area , do your part in saving the planet today , not tomorrow .
Try to influence and educate others as to why we need to pitch in and do our part in environmental conservation efforts rather than just rely on the government and big organizations to initiate and work on conserving the planet and its vast resources before the time comes when we are too late for saving .
For centuries , Chinese medicine has reigned supreme when it comes to promoting and supporting man ’s good health .
It has almost never failed everyone who tried it and until today , many people still put their faith in age - old Chinese recipes that has cured diseases in the past in the absence of modern medicine .
The problem is that many claims it is not as effective as it once was as there has been one casualty after the other – all of which took a Chinese medicine of sort to relieve them of a medical condition they have .
The likely reason why this happened is that as recipes are passed down from generation to generation , some may tweak it a bit that results in a change in efficacy or may even trigger some adverse reactions in this case .
Other factors we need to consider is that what ’s in Chinese medicines with herbs are n’t as well documented as any medicine you can buy from the pharmacy .
You ca n’t really tell how its ingredients react to one another .
And then there is the possibility that an individual is also taking other supplements or drugs that can react to the Chinese herb .
Sometimes , side effects are minor and can be tolerated , other times it can cost you your life .
It ’s probably what happened to these poor people who unknowingly got treated with Chinese medicine and they happen to be allergic to some components of the medicine .
Early on a snowy , winter morning in January 2012 , Wu Xiaoliang , a 37 - year - old farmer , stopped by his local doctor to remedy a headache .
At a small clinic near his village he received two injections made from traditional Chinese herbs .
Hours later , villagers saw him struggling to prop himself up on his moped as he drove home .
By noon , he was dead .
What killed Wu was later described in an autopsy report as a “ drug allergy . ”
But doctors could n’t pinpoint what he was allergic to because the shots he was given contained dozens , if not hundreds , of different compounds extracted from two herbs .
For centuries , Chinese have bought plant and animal parts from traditional clinics , and boiled them into bitter soups to treat colds , strokes and even cancer .
But the Chinese medicine sector has modernized along with the rest of the country , with local manufacturers turning age - old recipes into fast - acting injectable drugs .
( Via : https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-02/patient-deaths-show-darker-side-of-modernized-chinese-medicine)
Another major difference to how Chinese medicine is delivered in the past is that before , ancient Chinese had to drink soups or teas with these medicinal herbs .
But today , Chinese drug makers have leveled up their game and they likewise upgraded these traditional medicines by giving them a modern feel – in injection form .
Let ’s not forget the fact how fast the effect of intravenous drugs are since they are directly injected into the bloodstream .
For an ancient medicine with insufficient ( if none at all ) clinical trials to prove its safety and efficacy , the results can be disastrous .
The Health Sciences Authority ( HSA ) is warning the public not to buy or consume two products promoted in Malaysia as traditional Chinese medicine , after two elderly women fell ill after taking them .
The two products – Wan Ling Ren Sem Chin Kuo Pill and Chong Cao Dan – contain undeclared Western medicinal ingredients , including a potent steroid called dexamethasone , HSA said in a press release on Thursday ( Nov 2 ) .
A woman in her 70s who had taken Wan Ling Ren Sem Chin Kuo Pill daily for four to five years for rheumatism and pain was hospitalised in the intensive care unit after experiencing severe breathing difficulty .
( Via : http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/singapore/2-elderly-women-fall-ill-after-taking-products-marketed-as-9368678?view=DEFAULT)
While we have nothing against traditional medicine , just keep in mind that it has its risks too .
Its ingredients are often undeclared .
Most people who take Chinese medicine do not consult with a real doctor to get them assessed properly and determine if the products they are taking is not doing them more harm than good .
Most of the danger comes from the continued modernization of this ancient practice .
What those people who dabble with alternative medicine do not realize is that you do n’t just develop a drug and formulate it into a preparation that is highly untested such as Chinese medicine shots because the dangers are fatal and can kill a person like what we are already witnessing now .
You do n’t have to look far to see the changes in the world right now .
Just step out of your home and you can see how polluted and hot the world has become .
Weather systems have intensified as well as natural calamities that hit us with such force each year .
There are actually certain parts of the planet that are more prone to experience these disasters than other places .
Typhoons , hurricanes , tsunamis , earthquakes , volcanic eruptions , etc. , they have all posed a threat to our lives because we can’t really tell when some of them will happen but we ca n’t avoid it either .
Climate change is especially evident in the ocean .
Just head out to sea or just even on beaches and you can see for yourself how global warming has changed people ’s lives .
Not only certain animal and plant species become extinct as the days go by , island nations are at risk of disappearing off the face of the planet because the sea level is rising as more heat is trapped inside the atmosphere .
Consequently , it melts down polar glaciers that make the sea level rise and is now a major global concern because it has become a reality that puts people ’s lives at risk .
Climate change means the sea level is rising , storms are intensifying and seasons are becoming unpredictable .
Coral is increasingly torn away from the islands and returned to the lagoon floor .
These days , repairing them does little more than delay the inevitable .
Solomon Islands has a population of 560,000 people and a growing number of them are being forced to leave their homes – not just in Lau Lagoon , but also low - lying coastal areas on Malaita , and across the entire atoll , one of the world ’s largest .
It has been more than a decade since the island of Tauba in Lau Lagoon was first submerged completely during a high tide .
( Via : http://www.dw.com/en/climate-change-drives-solomon-islands-people-of-the-sea-ashore/a-40777201)
While most people only think about beaches and paradise islands as dream getaway destinations for a well - deserved vacation , people actually live in many of these places 365 days a year .
And as such , they have to brace for everything Mother Nature has in store for them all year round that many tourists rarely get to see because these things mostly happen during off - peak seasons .
These locals have survived island life for generations but the complexities and unpredictability of the environment right now are forcing many of them to relocate because living became more of a drag and the risks are greater too .
Temperature records are being broken frequently in Australia , with hot records 12 times more likely to be set than cold ones since 2000 , Drs Lewis and King reported in a 2015 paper .
A heatwave last month smashed many records across eastern Australia with more than half the NSW stations with more than 20 years of data registering their hottest September day , the Bureau of Meteorology said .
Under a high carbon emissions scenario , 50 - degree days could arrive “ as early as the 2040s ” , Dr Lewis said , adding that even with a concerted reduction in pollution , those temperatures could be reached by about 2060 .
Dr King said hospitals , electricity systems and infrastructure would all struggle during such heat spikes .
( Via : http://www.smh.com.au/environment/climate-change/really-awful-50degree-days-possible-for-sydney-melbourne-as-warming-worsens-20171002-gyt512.html)
This problem is no laughing matter as it can spell life or death for many people living in high - risk areas .
Imagine living on an island all your life and it suddenly is at risk of submerging in the ocean as the sea level continues to rise .
Now , where do you go ?
Everyone should work hand in hand and change our ways because we only have one planet to live .
If we do n’t act now and save whatever is left saving , we might have the same ending as previous generations that have long since disappeared because they were n’t a match to the wrath of Mother Nature when it went amock and we only know about them in history books .
Not everyone has a lot of money .
Some people earn so little no matter how hard they work while a few lucky ones get to enjoy more money than they can ever spend in their lifetime .
Even if the majority of us labor in companies or institutions , it still wo n’t make you rich .
Most successful people in the world are entrepreneurs and it is also the reason why many also want to give business a try today and build their own start - ups .
Who knows , it might get bigger someday and they may eventually fulfill all their life ’s dreams .
And since not everyone qualifies for bank loans to fund their business projects , the next best thing for aspiring entrepreneurs to do is to secure loans or other related financial services to get started .
The concept of microfinancing has been very popular for quite some time since loan applicants no longer have to secure collaterals in order to get the money they need .
But because of the very nature of this small industry being highly vulnerable makes microfinancing more fragile these days .
Any small changes in the market or the economy , in general , can have a major effect on microfinanciers , unlike banks that have various products to offer to the public .
The tiny size of these institutions makes them vulnerable to even a small adverse development as their finances remain fragile .
Unlike banks , which have multi products and an assured deposit base , micro lenders are dependent on markets for funds , which turn hostile at the smallest of events that affect business .
“ Today banks are equally in the microfinance space as much as we are , ” says MR Rao , managing director with Bharat Financial Inclusion .
“ So , banks are looking to partner MFIs either as subsidiary or by way of strategic stakes .
As MFIs grow , they too need capital badly to remain on the growth path .
It will be difficult for pure - play MFIs to grow independently without support of an anchor investor . ”
( Via : http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/microfinance-institutions-are-struggling-for-survival-heres-why/articleshow/60931020.cms)
Otherwise known as microcredit , many low - income people benefited from microfinancing and have helped them overcome poverty at the very least but this industry is likewise struggling right now since banks have expanded what they offer when it comes to issuing loans and the global economy has n’t really fully recovered yet .
This is evident in countries like India where we all know has one of the world ’s largest population and a big chunk of this is mostly below or on the poverty line .
Together , the MFPs have expanded microfinance coverage to 106 districts in Pakistan as of June end .
The microfinance penetration rate is reported by PMN at roughly 25 percent , based on an estimated potential market size of 20.5 million .
The MFPs have doubled the number of active borrowers between 2011 and 2016 – and this year , too , the tally is getting bigger .
There are plans to double the coverage by 2020 .
So there is work to be done .
The addressable market is still very large , and apparently growing .
A loan - book of over Rs400 billion is needed to serve 10 million micro borrowers .
That means equity capital must reach at least Rs40 billion .
( Via : http://www.brecorder.com/2017/09/29/372124/growth-continues-for-microfinance/)
There are microfinance industries that are doing well and some that are n’t .
It probably has to do with the location and the current status of the economy in that place .
That of India may be suffering but not that of Pakistan .
The market is growing and because of the technology that we have today , many ( especially Millennials ) are more interested in starting their own businesses rather than get stuck with a conventional 9 - 5 job that does not really bring home the bacon .
There is really no winning formula on a lot of things in life .
Even established institutions like banks and even lenders go through so many changes as the world becomes increasingly digital and may struggle in the process .
In a way , technology helped with efficiency .
We ’ll just have to wait whether the world of microfinancing will keep on forging forward or get swallowed whole by banks that are coming up with more clever ways to lure in more investors and borrowers .
When it comes to shopping , people make a big fuss of Black Friday and highlighting how it happens to be the biggest sale of the year – a perfect excuse to go on an all - out shopping spree where you can find the best deals on great products and possibly even complete your Christmas list ahead of time .
Well , it may be true in the past and people really fall in long lines just to get in a store and shop like there ’s no tomorrow but it seems like it is no longer the case now .
If you check out the following articles , you ’d realize that yes , some people have a point in saying this because apparently , the hype over Black Friday makes not that much sense anymore .
So , is it still right to hype up Black Friday when you learn that you only get to enjoy a few buck ’s savings or that bigger discounted items like home appliances can also be bought online ?
It is already the case with big retailers like Walmart and Target and many people head to these places for amazing deals .
Why then spend hours in line when you can easily make your purchase through the web from the comfort of your own home and spare yourself from the inconvenience brought about by shopping with big crowds .
Even small specialty online only retailers are getting in on the action .
Yet if you are someone who is trying to complete her Christmas list , any deal will do especially that this is probably your last chance of buying something at a discount .
Read the rest of this entry
Health is wealth .
It ’s been reiterated millions of times and we all know it by now .
After all , we ’ve been told about it from a young age and I am sure we already grasped its value over the years .
While we are all aware of the importance of being healthy , our lifestyle says differently .
In our prime , we are often deluded that we can conquer it all and we wo n’t easily succumb to diseases and ailments most old people suffer from .
However , the times have changed and our modern lifestyle has put us at higher risk of certain conditions that even cancer has become so common right now regardless of your age .
Not all ailments go away on their own like the common cold and flu .
There are also some that no amount of medication can cure .
Think of HIV and AIDS .
You ’re a goner once you are diagnosed with this condition because there is simply no cure .
Medical management is palliative , meaning it just offers the symptomatic treatment of the disease but nothing can be done about it anymore .
And if there is any demographic that is increasingly diagnosed with HIV / AIDS , it ’s the LGBT community .
Their active sexual relationships even with relative strangers have led to this rise in lesbians , gays , bisexuals , and transgenders afflicted with HIV / AIDS .
Management has actually improved nowadays as patients diagnosed with it live longer lives but the fact remains you will eventually succumb to this condition sooner rather than later .
Two organizations that serve people with HIV and do public advocacy on health issues of gay , lesbian and other groups announced Tuesday that they will merge .
The move will combine the Minnesota AIDS Project , founded in 1983 , and the Rainbow Health Initiative , a group started in 2001 that ’s best known for conducting a health survey of the LGBT population .
The name of the new organization has yet to be determined , but the merger has been approved by the boards of both organizations and will take effect in early 2018 .
Leaders of the two organizations say they are not just joining forces but plan to expand their reach .
( Via : http://www.startribune.com/minnesota-aids-project-rainbow-health-announce-merger/449311003/)
When you say rainbow health , it stands for the health of the LGBT people or the rainbow community .
We all know how prevalent HIV / AIDS is in their population and as such it has stigmatized them and made them suffer even more aside from the burden of the health risks they are facing especially when sexually active .
Most people who die of AIDS are from the LGBT community .
The government recognizes this trend and tries to intervene or at least help affected individuals cope with such a diagnosis .
Unfortunately , federal help may be cut short depending on who is sitting in power and how they see LGBT in general .
These fears are well - justified : Trump recently announced his intention to cut significantly the budget of the AIDS Emergency Plan , a project intended to help victims of the epidemic worldwide , especially in Africa .
According to the proposed cuts , funding for the President ’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief is to be reduced from $ 6 billion to $ 5 billion starting next year .
In June , six experts resigned from the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV / AIDS , claiming that “ the President simply does not care ” about the disease and its consequences .
While Trump remains a major target of the LGBT community , the core struggles of AIDS victims have shifted considerably since the disease changed from being an epidemic that cut down tens of thousands of young people in America with harrowing speed , into a chronic illness for which preventive treatment is available .
Surprisingly , the historical narrative that the new exhibition presents emphasizes a series of positive AIDS - related developments , the most prominent of which was the expansion of the idea of domesticity to include political assemblies , communal centers and cultural hubs .
( Via : https://www.haaretz.com/us-news/.premium-1.812347)
The odds may be high but the rainbow community is more united now than ever and they have been actively fighting for their rights in all corners of the globe .
And if there is one right they are most concerned about , it has to do with their health .
Like everyone else , the LGBT community deserves the right to basic healthcare services and they should not be alienated or ignored because of their sexual orientation and preferences .
Politicians should put aside their biases and look after the needs of their constituents or extend help where help is needed as long as they can .
It ’s the reason why rainbow health persists to be an issue in the US because the leaders do n’t always see everybody eye to eye and as a result , come up with legislations or policies that neglect the needs of some whether it is intentional or not .
Marijuana has always been a sensitive issue in society .
Even back to the hippie days , those who are pro-marijuana struggled in making others listen why weed is unlike other illegal drugs that are risky and dangerous to one ’s health .
Well , there is probably a reason why the authorities were doubtful of marijuana ’s beneficial health effects especially if they can see hippies getting high and doing all sorts of crazy things because the weed made them do that .
It ’s because the weeds grown in the past were high on THC , the cannabinoid that gives you a natural high and is probably responsible for giving weed the stigma of it being a dangerous substance people should not mess around with .
However , there have been a lot of newer developments over the years .
Weed growers are no longer just breeding THC - rich marijuana plants but ones rich in other cannabinoids as well such as CBD .
By now , we all know that CBD is the important component of medical marijuana as it offers a lot of medicinal benefits minus the negative aspects of traditional marijuana that is related to getting high and addicted .
This development in the marijuana industry has prompted government officials and medical experts to give marijuana the time of day leading to where it is now – to be even prescribed by doctors in the treatment of various medical conditions because it has proven that it ’s not a useless plant after all .
Read the rest of this entry
Events are a big thing nowadays .
People spend a lot of money when throwing lavish parties / events that become the talk of the town now that social media is a big part of people ’s lives .
The aim here is to make your event go viral and trending so that people will notice you and you become popular .
After all , people make lots of money when they have lots of followers on social media .
So , they usually go all out when organizing events to ensure they stay relevant in a society that is run by technology .
We just all want to have a good time , which is the reason why we spend money to go to special events like concerts .
It is our reward for working hard by pampering ourselves for a few hours of entertainment .
Unfortunately , the world has become such a scary place right now that violence can erupt out of nowhere and leave behind a big casualty , mostly innocent concert - goers or bystanders that fall victims to psychopathic individuals who have lost sight of what living is all about .
In the immediate wake of the deadliest mass shooting in the U.S. , some of Las Vegas ‘ conference halls and resorts served as makeshift shelters , housing injured concertgoers and distraught residents .
But as the day progressed , streets and hotels were reopening , and so far , most events look to be proceeding as planned , but with added precautions .
InsureTech Connect , an insurance innovation conference , is still slated to begin on Tuesday .
“ While the mood is somber and our hearts go out to the victims of this senseless tragedy , the people of Las Vegas are united in strength and resilience , ” Jay Weintraub and Caribou Honig , the founders of the annual event , said in a statement .
( Via : https://www.cnbc.com/2017/10/02/las-vegas-massacre-casts-somber-mood-on-conferences.html)
Life goes on despite such a terrible tragedy .
It may be hard for the families of the victims but you ca n’t tell when such a situation can happen and who would even think that someone will just shoot people out of nowhere during such a festive occasion .
But unfortunately , it does .
Events organizers usually ensure the security of everyone during big or small events but there are circumstances you ca n’t just foretell and it ’s really such a shame people have to die or get hurt in the process .
The shooting attack at a Las Vegas concert on Sunday night that killed at least 58 people is the latest in a series of massacres reshaping the live - events industry .
The attack by a solo gunman at an outdoor country - music concert on the Las Vegas Strip was reminiscent of a bombing in May at an Ariana Grande show in Manchester , England , and another tragedy less than two years prior , when gunmen opened fire at a rock concert in Paris .
At least 515 other people were injured in Nevada after the suspect perched in a high - rise room in the Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino and unleashed a barrage of gunfire on the crowd below .
He was later found dead .
Videos of the attack showed screaming concertgoers scrambling for cover as the clack - clack - clack of what sounded like an automatic weapon can be heard in the background .
In the aftermath , events organizers will once again be forced to revisit a fundamental debate about how — or even if — they can keep concertgoers safe .
( Via : http://www.insurancejournal.com/news/national/2017/10/02/466191.htm)
While unfortunate circumstances like this ca n’t be prevented , it only teaches events organizers to do more when it comes to enforcing security during big events especially those held in large concert grounds or enclosed auditoriums or concert halls .
Scanning concert - goers for possible possession of deadly weapons is n’t enough especially that psychopaths take everyone by surprise using tactics that are beyond human comprehension .
We all want to unwind and have a good time during our free time .
Tickets for these events do not also come cheap , so the people going there can only expect their safety and security to be upheld all throughout the program and not be subjected to such extreme violence .
It is a lesson learned the hard way but a lesson still .
People see iPhones differently .
It ’s like it is a class of its own – unparalleled and the one that started it all .
When it comes to smart technology , the user - friendly interface that Apple developed was the perfect tool that enabled smart technology to take off in the market .
And yes , their innovative efforts paid off as Apple is one of the biggest global brands there is today and still the leading smartphone manufacturer aside from the Android brands , of course .
There is something so special with iPhones that the public ca n’t resist upgrading to the newest version even if their old ones are working just fine and not in dire need of a replacement anytime soon .
However , iPhone has a certain charm that is simply irresistible .
Despite its high price tag , many do not hesitate in buying it because it is a status symbol and it really has some awesome features too that iOS users have learned to love and ca n’t live without .
Since its introduction 10 years ago , the iPhone customer base has grown dramatically , becoming increasingly more diverse both in benefits sought and in buying power .
Consequently , Apple ( AAPL , - 1.21 % ) is not introducing just a new iPhone next week , but an iPhone product line anchored by the iPhone 8 , its most advanced offering .
The iPhone 8 is expected to be a feat of technology , featuring a number of innovations that include facial recognition , edge - to - edge next generation display with punchier colors and deeper contrast levels , wireless charging with magnetic induction , and an improved dual - lens camera .
These innovations , however , are likely to push the price of the phone beyond the $ 1,000 mark .
The question , then , is how consumers will respond .
( Via : http://fortune.com/2017/09/06/apple-iphone-8-release-customers/)
Some features come and go .
The rest will likely stay but definitely pimped up to perfection – enough for people to spend a few more dollars in their monthly subscription premiums .
But if there is one thing that keeps iPhone ’s customer base or even grows it , it is the brand itself – Apple .
It exudes a certain enigma that showcases the company ’s commitment to innovation , style , and creativity without compromising functionality and compatibility with other similar tech devices .
Over the years , Apple has maintained its strong and positive image even if the Android market has been swamped by cheaper - priced smart handsets directed to the masses .
Nevertheless , there are a lot of reasons why people choose a phone from Apple over a device from one of the many manufacturers creating Android phones .
Want to know the real reasons why some people buy iPhones instead of Android phones ?
Read on to check out some of the more popular reasons for going with a phone from Apple instead of one from a top Android manufacturer .
You just might be surprised .
They like iOS better than Android Though certain diehard Android fans can’t imagine it , some people really like iOS .
In fact , there are even some people who have tried both mobile operating systems and still like iOS better than Android .
Maybe it ’s Apple ’s interface and design that draws them in .
Perhaps they like how straightforward it is to get an iPhone working right out of the box , or that they do n’t need to take the time to customize a new phone extensively .
Maybe they like features like Siri or are fans of some of the apps that come preinstalled on a new iPhone .
Some people think Android is a superior operating system , and others like iOS better .
( Via : https://www.cheatsheet.com/gear-style/reasons-people-buy-iphones-instead-of-android-phones.html/?a=viewall)
And since the smart technology has been around for years now ( a decade actually considering that the first iPhone is 10 years old now ) , most consumers have already owned either an iPhone , an Android phone , or both over this span of time .
But if you have used an iPhone before , chances are you ’ll stick to using iOS than making the switch to an Android device .
And like the status symbol that it is , almost everybody on the planet recognizes the Apple logo and can tell it from a distance .
The same ca n’t be said , though , with the many Android brands that populate the market these days .
Now once you get tired of your old device and want a new play thing ( especially now that the recent Apple Event just launched the new line of iPhone handsets – iPhone 8 , iPhone 8 Plus , and the limited - edition iPhone X ) , you can easily sell your iPhone at a more competitive price because Apple products hold their value pretty well over time .
Despite most iPhones and Android units having basically the same specs ( aside from a handful that really differentiates what an iOS phone is and what an Android one is ) , some people look past these specs and only see the allure that only an iPhone exudes .
Environmental issues have been around for ages .
It ’s not that the planet was any better centuries ago because our ancestors also faced countless natural disasters that threatened their survival and their very existence on the planet .
Even during the time of the dinosaurs , the earth was n’t always a safe haven for everyone .
They ’re extinct now , right ?!
And the same can be said about the problems we are facing today such as global warming and climate change .
Not only have they worsened weather phenomenon and made natural disasters more intense than they ought to be but climate change , for instance , has a big impact our daily lives .
People who live in different places in the world do not necessarily experience the same thing all the time because of differing geographical location .
They face risks that are not experienced by others .
Canada today is battling air quality issues because of a massive wildfire that not only reduced entire forest ecosystems into ashes but filled the entire sky with smoke .
People living nearby are already suffering from respiratory problems and travelers are likewise advised to prepare for visibility issues because of the excessive smoke and haze filling the neighboring areas and its skies .
Environment Canada has issued a special air quality alert as wildfire smoke is blanketing much of southern Manitoba , resulting in poor air quality and reduced visibility .
According to the alert , westerly winds are spreading significant amounts of wildfire smoke across the prairies and will continue to do so until a cold front pushes through the region .
The cold front is expected to move through western Saskatchewan this morning , and then slump southeastwards , moving through eastern Saskatchewan by Tuesday evening , and then across southern Manitoba on Tuesday night .
As the cold front passes , cleaner air will move in from the north .
For many areas , this event will be seen by very hazy skies with moderately elevated Air Quality Health Index values in the four to seven range .
However , due to local effects , some areas will see significant reductions in air quality , with AQHI values exceeding seven ( high ) and potentially exceeding 10 ( very high ) .
( Via : http://www.portagedailygraphic.com/2017/09/12/environment-canada-issues-air-quality-warning)
The wildfire in itself is already a safety and health risk as fire is not a friendly element at all .
It will destroy everything in its path and we are not even talking yet about the many local wild animals that were killed or displaced by this horrific disaster that is also engulfing the air that many Canadians breathe in a thick blanket of smoke .
“ The wildfires burning in Waterton Lakes National Park continue to produce widespread smoke and poor air quality over southwestern areas , especially near the park boundaries , ” the weather agency said on its website .
“ Over the next few days , a persistent weather pattern will result in very little improvement in conditions .
“ The poor air quality may even spread into adjacent regions by mid week . ”
On Sunday , Alberta Health Services said it was asking people to “ refrain from visiting at Cardston and Pincher Creek Health Centres until further notice .
“ Air quality has improved slightly , but smoke is still entering the buildings when doors are opened , ” AHS said .
“ We sincerely thank everyone for their patience , understanding and co-operation during this time .
We understand these restrictions may pose an inconvenience . ” ( Via : http://globalnews.ca/news/3732835/environment-canada-issues-air-quality-statement-for-parts-of-southern-alberta/)
Let us not wait for the time to come when we even have to buy the air that we breathe .
It has happened now with water and many other life essentials .
Most of the things people in the past took for granted like water and free food in their surroundings and other natural resources are now being sold to us modern people at a high price .
If we do n’t get our act together and start protecting what ’s left of the environment right now and do some major damage control by changing the way we live , it may very well be the reason of mankind ’s undoing in the near future .
We now live in a society consumed by technology and the unending demand for energy ( mostly non-renewable as is the custom now in the world ) .
And it makes sense considering the number of tech contrivances we use day in and day out .
Energy is not just a precious commodity , it is already a staple in all aspects of human life .
Yet we all know the many issues we face when it comes to energy use .
Not only is there a big possibility of a non-renewable source like fossil fuel eventually running out but also the dangers its continued use poses to the environment .
Why then does the majority of the population patronize non-renewable energy ?
Perhaps it is because they are convenient to use .
There are already big businesses that market these products to the people and some that consequently made other related products that make use of this energy resource for them to work like most vehicles , appliances , smart gadgets , etc . when in all honesty , renewable energy is just as easy to use yet often ignored by society .
Given the gains made in reducing costs and improving efficiency for photovoltaic cells , it ’s time to turn the solar office ’s attention to thermal solar with or without the grid study , said David M. Hart , professor of science and technology policy at George Mason University .
“ So for me it makes sense to rotate funding to less mature technologies , ” Hart said .
Concentrated solar power , which requires local workers to construct and operate plants , also fits snugly into another Trump goal of creating jobs .
“ It generates local employment , ” said Yogi Goswami , a solar energy expert and professor at the University of South Florida .
Photovoltaic panels , Goswami noted , can be ( and are ) manufactured abroad more cheaply in China .
( Via : https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/paloma/the-energy-202/2017/09/13/the-energy-202-here-s-what-solar-energy-research-is-going-to-look-like-under-trump/59b8387730fb045176650c2c/?utm_term=.8e17ceebfa35)
Most progressive countries like the US and China are actually the biggest energy users and contributors to the release of greenhouse gases to the atmosphere ( hence global warming and climate change ) because these places have countless manufacturing plants and industries that make just about everything you can think of that can thrive in a highly capitalist world .
While some have already shifted to the use of solar energy years ago , many still miss out on what the sun can still offer aside from natural daylight .
“ We started thinking that seems strange because if you look around the world , if you look on the ground , there ’s a lot of solar energy going in , so we went back to the forecast , we looked back over 15 years and looked at what people predicted , what happened to solar energy five years out , and it was consistently under - counting how much solar there actually was , ” Nemet said .
As for why solar ’s potential was underestimated , there are a number of reasons , but Nemet said the biggest driver is that solar is getting cheaper and faster than originally expected .
While technology is making solar increasingly more efficient and cost - effective , there are still challenges associated with the power source .
( Via : https://www.wpr.org/new-research-shows-solar-energy-may-have-been-undervalued)
While it is perfectly understandable that most people are concerned about the many limitations of solar power , let us not overlook its many advantages as well aside from being 100 % environment - friendly .
The main issue here is that why the government is turning a blind eye to the harnessing of solar energy in fueling our energy needs and gradually make the shift from the use of fossil fuel to that of sunlight .
The weather may change now and then and it is not always sunny all the time but those things can be resolved with proper strategic planning and federal government support and funding to make solar energy more accessible to the public and replace whatever we are using right now .
The world ’s natural space is fast disappearing what with rapid urbanization and all .
Most green spaces are turned into agricultural , residential , and commercial spaces to meet the growing needs of the public for natural resources and living space .
As a result , Mother Nature takes all the blow just so we can continue to live in utter comfort and safety .
If you live in a big city like most people do these days , you likely wo n’t be seeing a lot of trees and green scenery because almost everywhere around you is full of towering skyscrapers that house businesses and residents alike .
To make urban living healthier and better for our mental health , most land developers and builders are now incorporating green spaces into the living spaces they build .
You can see patches of green parks or gardens in an inconspicuous corner or city centers to give the people a feeling of living with nature .
Green spaces in busy city streets offer a lot of health benefits .
They filter dust and other harmful pollutants in the air that is common in city living .
They also help in cooling down the temperature and providing shade that is a welcome relief in cities that are mostly devoid of big trees .
It is even helpful in reducing the rate of erosion in waterways as well as protecting rivers and streams by filtering toxic runoff .
The World Health Organisation stipulates that all residents must live within 15 minutes of a green space .
Western countries have tended to adopt a norm of 20 square metres of per capita green space .
Many of them , however , overshoot this requirement .
So , in Dutch cities , the per capita green space is 228 sq m , while in the Greater Paris region , it is 80 sq m .
In India , according to the “ Urban Greening Guidelines , 2014 ” , a report from the Ministry of Urban Development , the per capita green space in metropolitan cities is abysmal — 0.81 sq m in Chennai , 2 sq m in Bangalore and 1.24 sq m in Mumbai .
Smaller cities like Varanasi ( 24.78 sq m ) , Bhopal ( 18.62 sq m ) and Chandigarh ( 17.43 sq m ) fare much better in this respect .
Gandhinagar fares spectacularly with 162 sq m of green space per person .
The component of urban greens that is most conspicuous by its absence in Indian cities is neighbourhood parks .
Even in small western towns , every neighbourhood has a park where children screech and run wildly around see - saws and slides while their mothers catch up with each other .
It is a great stress - busting space that allows free play for children of all social strata .
( Via : http://www.dnaindia.com/analysis/column-indian-cities-are-sorely-lacking-in-neighbourhood-parks-2519531)
We ca n’t just ignore it anymore .
Urban living is n’t really the healthiest type of lifestyle for us but we find it hard to disconnect from our tech - crazed world .
The tighter these cities become as more and more people converge in these crowded places .
More land is then converted into homes and high - rising condominiums to accommodate the growing number of people requiring a place to live .
As a result , more trees are cut down and land is cleared in preparation for building and constructing work .
It is an endless and vicious cycle of abuse at a global scale that is happening more rapidly now than it did in the past .
While we cannot blame planners for causing all these issues , they do have the ability to intervene and thus a role to play in improving urban life .
Design guidelines , for example , can help by ensuring people have more accidental social encounters in spaces like cafes , at mailboxes or in gardens .
So too can more strategic interventions such as community gardens – places where people grow not only food , but also friendships .
More green space can also potentially buffer noise , heat and light , and provide respite from crowds .
In car - dependent outer suburbs and new housing estates , planners would do well to focus on first developing social facilities such as clubs , sporting facilities and parks .
Public transport is another important intervention in such suburbs .
Good access to public transport also reduces a household ’s commuting expenses .
Our research suggests planners and built environment professionals have surprisingly low levels of knowledge about depressogenic environments .
( Via : https://phys.org/news/2017-08-planners-depressingly-city-impacts-mental.html)
Human health improves in the presence of a green environment .
A person ’s mood improves and brightens when they get to commune with nature .
Even the sight of green plants and trees can do lots of wonder to a person ’s overall health and well - being .
People who are cooped up in physical structures tend to be less active .
Experts even coined the term “ depressogenic ” to describe the poor mental health of individuals living in urban cities .
We subconsciously get overwhelmed of the various distractions in our immediate environments such as bright lights , loud noise , and busy streets that it increases your cognitive load leaving you mentally stressed - out .
Better urban planning is needed to help counter the major flaws of urban living .
Adding green touches like gardens , parks , trees , and other greenery is the first step to correcting this problem especially that we ca n’t just abandon our modern lifestyle that easily and decide to go off - grid in a heartbeat .
There may be problems but there are also solutions if we just open up our minds to all the possibilities and perhaps declutter our lives a little for the sake of our health and sanity .
Humans are known omnivorous eaters .
It means we eat
Pope Benedict XVI addresses cardinals for Christmas wishes in in the Clementine Hall at the Vatican December 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Max Rossi
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - Pope Benedict said on Monday that saving humanity from homosexual or transsexual behavior was just as important as saving the rainforest from destruction .
“( The Church ) should also protect man from the destruction of himself .
A sort of ecology of man is needed , ” the pontiff said in a holiday address to the Curia , the Vatican ’s central administration .
“ The tropical forests do deserve our protection .
But man , as a creature , does not deserve any less . ”
The Catholic Church teaches that while homosexuality is not sinful , homosexual acts are .
It opposes gay marriage and , in October , a leading Vatican official called homosexuality “ a deviation , an irregularity , a wound . ”
The pope said humanity needed to “ listen to the language of creation ” to understand the intended roles of man and woman .
He compared behavior beyond traditional heterosexual relations as “ a destruction of God ’s work . ”
He also defended the Church ’s right to “ speak of human nature as man and woman , and ask that this order of creation be respected . ”
breaking ...
Friday , January 23 , 2009 TEL AVIV — U.S. defense sources said the U.S. Navy tracked and intercepted an Iranian ship in the Red Sea that was headed for the Gaza Strip .
" There was a huge amount of crates on board and we called for help , " a defense source said .
The U.S. television network CBS News reported that the ship was intercepted by the U.S. Navy near Egypt 's Suez Canal , Middle East Newsline reported .
CBS said the U.S. Navy vessel requested that Egyptian authorities direct the Iranian ship to port for a thorough search .
Also In This Edition New , by Bill Gertz : ' Failure Factory ' " The U.S. Navy has now asked Egypt to force the Iranians to pull into port for a more thorough inspection before being allowed to pass through the Suez Canal to the Mediterranean , CBS News reported .
" The fear is that those artillery shells will be smuggled into Gaza . "
There was no official confirmation of the report from either Egypt , Iran or the United States .
Officials said the United States has sought to enhance tracking of weapons ships to and from Iran .
They said Washington has recruited NATO allies , particularly Britain , to contribute naval vessels for patrols in the Gulf and Arabian Sea .
Iran was said to have been the major weapons supplier to the Hamas regime .
Officials said Teheran , with help from Lebanon and Syria , has sent thousands of rockets , missiles , anti-tank and anti-aircraft to the Gaza Strip over the past year .
Click Here to Write a Letter to the Editor About Us l Contact Us l Geostrategy - Direct.com l East - Asia-Intel.com Copyright © 2009 East West Services , Inc .
All rights reserved .
To achieve this , however , the project skirts the rules of evidence .
It turns on its head the principle that people control their own litigation .
It does away with most legal objections , legal argument - " all those things that take up time " , as the judge puts it .
This is nothing like the usual court combat .
And for that reason it 's cited by the new chief justice of the Family Court , Diana Bryant , as " the future of family law " .
ON a sunny Friday just before Christmas , a divorced couple in their mid-30s has brought to the program a dispute about where their seven - year - old son will go to school .
He lives alternate weeks with each , playing with siblings he 's acquired as both parents remarried .
He 's always been at the same school , but with both parents now living elsewhere in the city , the question is should he go to school near Mum 's house , Dad 's house , or halfway between ?
It is a simple dispute compared to most , yet still intractable .
When three knocks announce La Poer Trench 's arrival in the courtroom , the parties rise from their places around same table .
Then they 're introduced to a mediator .
" That does n't happen in any other case , " says Le Poer Trench .
" [ In non -CCP cases ] we do n't have a mediator involved in the case as an adviser to the parties and to the judge . "
Courts usually keeps strict walls between its staff mediators and judges .
Changing this is " hugely radical " , Le Poer Trench says , and one of the challenges in drafting legislative changes to make the project permanent .
Anyone who gets to this court has already had compulsory mediation .
" But just being in the same room as an ex-partner can be so overwhelming that you do n't hear anything " in early mediation sessions , says Le Poer Trench .
Here , with a judge watching , mediators meet a totally different response .
Imagine yourself in a relationship break - up , says Le Poer Trench .
" Most people feel very hurt , most people feel unjustly treated , and that they do n't have any avenue for anybody to hear their legitimate complaints .
" We [ Australian family law ] are a ' no fault ' jurisdiction , so you can't stand up and say : ' This person has got no morals . . . they 've formed an emotional relationship with someone else , and that 's entirely unfair . ' "
In this program , they can .
Le Poer Trench begins today 's case by outlining his understanding of the family situation , gleaned from questionnaires parents fill out before their first day in court .
Then he asks each parent to tell him in 10 minutes what the case is about for them .
" Does n't happen in any other case , " says the judge .
Usually , judges do not even question the parties ' lawyers until final submissions .
" Parties do not get a chance to put their case directly to a judge unless they appear for themselves . "
What 's been amazing about the pilot , which has been operating in Sydney and Parramatta for almost a year , is how few use this time to bag their " ex " .
" We did n't know what was going to happen , " says Le Poer Trench .
" I sort of anticipated that it might become a brawl - ' Oh , that bastard over there , I need 10 minutes just to tell you what a bastard he is ' .
But it 's quite the opposite . "
Project cases have been broadly representative of the range of Family Court cases .
" They are not all cases where people desperately want to settle and they just need the judge to give advice and formulate it .
Some of them are very bitter disputes which you would think would naturally choose the adversarial path , " were it not for the financial savings of this program .
Yet in their 10 minutes , people tend to be nice .
" In fact , one of the problems is ... they are not telling us important things that might be seen as being critical of the other party . "
Still , this unfiltered exchange allows the judge to tell where the parties are , emotionally .
" If you 're hearing from somebody [ who ] has n't yet begun to come to grips with the emotional battle that they have to deal with , then you know you 've got no prospect of really resolving anything on the first day , " says the judge .
( Five to 10 per cent of CCP cases settle on the first day ) .
The court has formed relationships with counselling agencies to handle such matters .
There are increasing numbers of programs CCP judges can send parents to for help getting " to a point where they can start to appreciate what 's in their interests and what 's in the child 's interest " .
Today , Le Poer Trench can hear - though it is unsaid - that Mum feels Dad is overbearing , while he believes she is emotionally manipulative .
The court can make orders , lay down rules for them to live by .
" But in CCP , we understand that whatever the court does in the process is not going to solve the problem that brought them here - and that is an inability to co-operatively parent the children .
So from day one , I discuss with parties their becoming involved with an outside agency that can work therapeutically with them . "
The couple in court 5A see the sense in this .
The judge reckons they can take some tough love .
He tells them to stop saying they just want what 's best for the child .
If that were true , he says , they 'd find the best school in Australia , both move there and find new jobs and new friends .
" You 've got to pick your mark , " he admits during a break .
" [ With a lot of cases ]
I could n't do that , because they 're too emotionally frail ...
It really has to be put in proper context - not just the interests of the child , but how do we cater , as best we can , for his interests in the whole circumstances in which we live . "
Court mediator Paul Lodge is here as a neutral party .
Le Poer Trench asks him to talk to this couple , and Lodge says it matters little , relatively , which school the boy attends .
What will really affect his wellbeing is the conflict , or co-operation , between his parents .
The child will know if one parent does n't support the idea of sending him to school X and that will affect everything about his experience there .
" I do n't comment on the specifics of a family , " Lodge says .
" Things like family violence , relocation , all those thematic things we confront in the court . . .
I comment from an evidence - based research perspective . "
Le Poer Trench tries to convince parties that the answer is always in their relationship .
" Because if you can develop a working relationship built on a foundation of respect then everything else falls into place . "
Today the judge tells the couple that if he has to decide where this boy goes to school , he will consider it a failure .
But he will if he has to .
Le Poer Trench could dress in civvies for CCP hearings , but he chooses to wear the wig and robe .
" The parties have to know that although I might engage in exploring with them possible resolutions - so that it looks a bit more like mediation than judicial determination - if we can't resolve it that way , then I make the decision .
And it 's not me personally . . .
I am making the decision as a judge of the court .
" You 've still got to apply all the law . "
It 's the procedure that 's radically new .
In CCP , the same judge sees a case throughout .
That judge decides what are the issues , what affidavits are needed , what witnesses , whether there can be any cross-examination .
Judges spend an average of 21 hours per CCP case compared to 21 days for normal hearings , according to a Senate Legal and Constitutional Committee 's estimates released last May .
" Being very interactive , very directive , doing a lot of talking - it's a huge change for a judge , " says Le Poer Trench .
On the first day , if the judge feels parties are " getting it " , he can suspend the hearing to give them time with the mediator .
Some couples work it out then .
If not , they are introduced to their own case co-ordinator , whom they can call any time .
The judge may order a family report to be done , or meet the children involved .
Few CCP cases reach a second hearing day , and none of the CCP decisions so far has been appealed against .
( So far 28 matters have been settled by the CCP project in Sydney and another 63 are pending .
There are another 100 CCP matters in Parramatta , of which 49 have been finalised . )
Lodge predicts CCP outcomes will be more sustainable than those decided in less democratic courtrooms .
" Parents are treated with a different sort of respect , " says the mediator .
" They 're encouraged to speak and participate . . . that 's what makes a difference .
If you 're feeling good about yourself , feeling part of the process , you 're more likely to give a little bit . "
Today 's case is a wrap .
Before walking back out onto Goulburn Street , these parents opt for a school midway between their homes , and agree to attend a program to help them communicate better .
Le Poer Trench expects that before this year is out , Federal Parliament will agree to laws enabling this project to become permanent : " Then every children 's case will be done this way . "
MultiLoop : Efficient Software Pipelining for Modern Hardware
By Christopher Kumar Anand and Wolfram Kahl
May 8 , 2007
This paper is motivated by trends in processor models of which the Cell BE is an exemplar , and by the need to reliably apply multi- level code optimizations in safety - critical code to achieve high performance and small code size .
A MultiLoop is a loop specification construct designed to expose in a structured way details of instruction scheduling needed for performance - enhancing transformations .
We show by example how it may be used to make better use of underlying hardware features , including software branch prediction and SIMD instructions .
In each case , the use of MultiLoop transformations allows us to take full advantage of software branch prediction to completely eliminate branch misses in our scheduled code , and reduce the cost of loop overhead by using SIMD vector instructions .
Given the novelty of our representation , it is important to demonstrate feasibility ( of zero branch misses ) and evaluate performance ( of transformations ) on a wide set of representative examples from numerical computation .
We include simple loops , nested loops , sequentially - composed loops , and loops containing control flow .
In some cases we obtain significant benefits : halving execution time , and halving code size .
As many details as possible are provided for other compiler writers wishing to adopt our innovative transformations , including instruction selection for SIMD - aware control flow .
Read the full paper .
WASHINGTON --
The Bush administration , in one of its final acts , is proposing to let energy companies drill for oil and natural gas in half - a- dozen areas off U.S. shores that previously had been off limits .
The move puts the debate over offshore drilling back on the agenda as President - elect Barack Obama prepares to take office .
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal , the director of the federal agency that manages the nation 's offshore oil and gas reserves , Randall Luthi , said the agency formally opened a 60 - day public ...
" If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed , if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not so costly , you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a precarious chance for survival .
There may be a worse case .
You may have to fight when there is no chance of victory , because it is better to perish than to live as slaves " .
" If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed , if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not so costly , you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a precarious chance for survival .
There may be a worse case .
You may have to fight when there is no chance of victory , because it is better to perish than to live as slaves " .
" That such an unnecessary and irrational project as building a European superstate was ever embarked upon will seem in future years to be perhaps the greatest folly of the modern era . ”
" That such an unnecessary and irrational project as building a European superstate was ever embarked upon will seem in future years to be perhaps the greatest folly of the modern era . ”
Margaret Thatcher Statecraft ( Published 2002 )
( Interim ) Last Word on the Subject
This post was co-authored by Sandy Styer and Noelle Mykolenko .
Trust is paramount to collaboration .
In a team setting , we are called on to build trust with multiple people at once .
This adds complexity because any action we take to create trust with one person may be closely viewed ( and interpreted ) by others with whom [… ]
Gary McKinnon says he was looking for classified documents on UFOs British hacker Gary McKinnon has won permission from the High Court to apply for a judicial review against his extradition to the United States .
The 42 - year - old from north London , who was diagnosed last August as having Asperger 's Syndrome , has admitted hacking into US military computers .
His lawyers had said Mr McKinnon was at risk of suicide if he were extradited .
Lawyers for the home secretary had argued against the review , saying the risk to Mr McKinnon 's health was low .
Fresh challenge Lord Justice Maurice Kay and Mr Justice Simon ruled that Mr McKinnon 's case " merits substantive consideration " and granted him leave to launch a fresh challenge at the court in London .
His lawyers had previously told the High Court that if he were removed from his family and sent to the US , his condition was likely to give rise to psychosis or suicide .
The condition was not taken into consideration by Home Secretary Jacqui Smith last October when she permitted the extradition .
However , her lawyers said she acted within her powers .
The judges said that although Ms Smith 's decision might be found to be " unassailable " , Mr McKinnon had an arguable case that should be tested in court .
We have always been outraged by the Home Office 's decision to have him extradited to stand trial in a foreign land where he would face an out - of - proportion sentence for what is essentially a crime of eccentricity
Janis Sharp
Profile : Gary McKinnon Mr McKinnon , who is from Wood Green , has always admitted hacking into the computer systems in 2001 - 2 - which the US government says caused damage costing $ 800,000 ( £ 550,000 ) .
He hacked into 97 government computers belonging to organisations including the US Navy and Nasa .
He was caught as he tried to download a grainy black and white photograph which he believed was an alien spacecraft from a Nasa computer housed in the Johnson Space Centre in Houston , Texas .
Mr McKinnon was easily traced by the authorities because he used his own email address .
He has always said that he had no malicious intent but was looking for classified documents on UFOs which he believed the US authorities had suppressed .
He has signed a statement accepting that his hacking constituted an offence under the UK's Computer Misuse Act 1990 .
Mr McKinnon 's mother Janis Sharp relayed the news to her son after the hearing .
She said : " We are overjoyed that the British courts have shown sense and compassion by allowing our son Gary , a young man with Asperger 's syndrome , this judicial review .
" We have always been outraged by the Home Office 's decision to have him extradited to stand trial in a foreign land where he would face an out - of - proportion sentence for what is essentially a crime of eccentricity . "
Mr McKinnon and his mother Janis say he should be tried in the UK Mr McKinnon has said he believes he will get a fairer trial in the UK and that he found the situation stressful .
" I am very controlled , which is probably not a good thing , but inside the fires of hell are burning .
It 's not a good place to be , " he said .
Those with Asperger 's Syndrome commonly become obsessed with certain activities and interests and have a level of " social naivety " when it comes to evaluating the consequences of their actions .
Prof Simon Baron - Cohen , who diagnosed Mr McKinnon with the condition , has said of the hacker 's actions : " We should be thinking about this as the activity of somebody with a disability rather than a criminal activity . "
Mr McKinnon 's legal team have sent a request to the Director of Public Prosecutions ( DPP ) , Keir Starmer , asking for him to face trial in the UK rather than the US .
' End this fiasco '
The home secretary has agreed to postpone Mr McKinnon 's extradition until the DPP gives his response to the case in four weeks .
However Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne called on the home secretary to " end this fiasco " and try Mr McKinnon in the UK .
He said : " Gary McKinnon 's condition should mean he is treated more leniently than otherwise .
Being detained at a high - security prison , even while only on remand , is hardly necessary for a hacker who had no malicious intent or previous conviction . "
If the DPP is persuaded to try Mr McKinnon in the UK , the hacker would face a three to four year sentence , rather than a potential 70 years in US courts .
Mr McKinnon 's full application for judicial review is likely to be heard after 16 March , by which time the DPP is expected to have made his decision .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BioArts International announced today that they have delivered the world ’s first commercially cloned dog , a 10 - week old Labrador named Lancey , to Florida residents Edgar and Nina Otto .
BioArts International announced today that they have delivered the world 's first commercially cloned dog , a 10 - week old Labrador named Lancey , to Florida residents Edgar and Nina Otto .
Lancey , the first commercially cloned dog , was delivered to his family on Monday .
" We can't believe this day is finally here , " said Nina Otto , " We are so happy to have little Lancey in our family .
His predecessor was a very special dog .
We are thrilled beyond words ! "
Lancey was hand delivered to the Ottos on Monday , January 26th by BioArts Chairman Lou Hawthorne .
" This is a very special milestone for our company – and great fun for me too , " said Hawthorne , who delivered Lancey personally .
We can't believe this day is finally here
We are so happy to have little Lancey in our family .
His predecessor was a very special dog .
We are thrilled beyond words !
This is a very special milestone for our company – and great fun for me too Sir Lancelot was the most human of any dog we ’ve ever had He was a prince among dogs .
One minute with Lancey and you know he 's special .
He 's both extremely aware and very sweet .
The Ottos are the first of six current clients to receive their clone .
The next 6 months will be very exciting both for our clients and our staff .
The Ottos were one of five families to bid and win an auction held by BioArts International in July for a chance to clone their family dog .
Lancey 's genetic donor , Sir Lancelot , died in January , 2008 , and the Ottos had his DNA stored .
By October , samples from the original dog were on their way to the Sooam Biotech Research Foundation in Seoul , South Korea , which provides cloning services to BioArts .
Lancey was born on November 18 , 2008 , and brought to the U.S. on January 25 , 2009 after being weaned from his surrogate mother .
The Ottos , longtime residents of Boca Raton , have had many beloved dogs over the years , but Lancey 's genetic donor was unique .
" Sir Lancelot was the most human of any dog we ’ve ever had , " said Otto .
" He was a prince among dogs . "
Said Hawthorne , " One minute with Lancey and you know he 's special .
He 's both extremely aware and very sweet .
The Ottos are the first of six current clients to receive their clone .
The next 6 months will be very exciting both for our clients and our staff . "
Additional information about the Best Friends Again program and dog cloning is available at www.bestfriendsagain.com.
More information about BioArts is available at www.bioarts.com.
BioArts International is a biotech company focused on unique , untapped markets in the global companion animal , stem cell and human genomics industries .
The Best Friends Again program is a collaboration between BioArts and the Sooam Biotech Research Foundation in South Korea , home to the best and most experienced dog cloning team in the world .
BioArts has been granted the sole , worldwide license for the cloning of dogs , cats and endangered species .
The license was granted by Start Licensing , Inc. and applies to the somatic cell nuclear transfer ( SCNT ) cloning patents developed at the Roslin Institute for the cloning of Dolly the sheep .
( CNN ) -- NASA 's
Mars rovers are celebrating their fifth birthday on the Red Planet , exceeding their original life span by four years and nine months , with no end in sight to their history - making work .
Spirit captured this stunning view as the sun sank below the rim of Gusev Crater on Mars in 2005 .
The rover Spirit landed January 3 , 2004 , with Opportunity touching down 21 days later .
NASA said the rovers had made important discoveries about the wet and violent conditions on ancient Mars .
They had returned 250,000 images , covered more than 21 kilometers ( 13 miles ) , climbed a mountain , descended into craters , struggled with sand traps and ageing hardware and survived dust storms , NASA said .
" These rovers are incredibly resilient considering the extreme environment the hardware experiences every day , " said John Callas , Jet Propulsion Laboratory project manager for Spirit and Opportunity .
" We realize that a major rover component on either vehicle could fail at any time and end a mission with no advance notice , but on the other hand , we could accomplish the equivalent duration of four more prime missions on each rover in the year ahead . "
Martian winds had helped clean dust from the rovers .
However , NASA said that Spirit had not had a good clean for more than 18 months and that its dust - coated solar panels barely provided enough power to get it through its third winter , which ended in December .
" This last winter was a squeaker for Spirit , " Callas said .
But with spring and summer bringing more power , NASA planned to move Spirit to two new sites : a mound and a house - sized pit called Goddard .
" Goddard does n't look like an impact crater , " said Steve Squyres of Cornell University , a principal investigator on the rover project .
" We suspect it might be a volcanic explosion crater , and that 's something we have n't seen before . "
Opportunity , meanwhile , is to be moved to Endeavour Crater .
At approximately 22 kilometers ( 14 miles ) in diameter it is more than 20 times larger than another impact crater , Victoria , where the rover spent most of the past two years , NASA said .
Endeavour is about 12 kilometers ( 7 miles ) from Victoria , but Opportunity will take a longer route to avoid major obstacles .
It has already covered about 2 kilometers of the journey .
High - resolution images from NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , which reached Mars in 2006 , are helping the team plot routes .
" We keep setting the bar higher for what these rovers can do , " said Frank Hartman , a JPL rover driver .
" Once , it seemed like a crazy idea to go to Endeavour , but now we 're doing it . "
Squyres said the journeys had been motivated by science but had led to something else important .
" This has turned into humanity 's first overland expedition on another planet .
When people look back on this period of Mars exploration decades from now , Spirit and Opportunity may be considered most significant not for the science they accomplished but for the first time we truly went exploring across the surface of Mars . "
All About Mars Exploration • NASA
“ The agency did none of this out of enthusiasm , ” he said .
“ It did it out of duty , and it did it with the best legal advice it had . ”
Image Eric H. Holder Jr. , left , Barack Obamas choice for attorney general , shaking hands on Thursday with Senator Arlen Specter .
Credit ... Doug Mills / The New York Times
At his confirmation hearing , Mr. Holder struck a tough tone as well .
He said that fighting terrorists would be his top priority , just as it had been for the Bush administration after the Sept. 11 attacks , and that there was no question “ we are at war ” with terrorists .
But he also repudiated some of the key tactics the administration had used in the fight against terrorism , and he suggested that his Justice Department would place a higher premium on working with Congress and respecting civil liberties and due process .
Mr. Holder reaffirmed Mr. Obama ’s promise that the American detention center at Guantánamo Bay would be closed , but acknowledged that it would “ not be an easy task ” because of uncertainties about what to do with some 250 prisoners remaining there .
He said that while some prisoners would most likely be repatriated to their native countries , he would seek to try others in criminal courts in the United States .
The system of military commissions favored by the Bush administration , he said , does not guarantee enough due process rights for detainees .
If the commissions are to be used at all , he said , they must be revamped to ensure “ due process rights that I think are consistent with who we are as Americans . ”
Mr. Holder said he would reject some broad claims to executive authority by the Bush administration , saying he did not believe a president had the clear power to act in defiance of a legitimate law .
“ No one is above the law , ” he said repeatedly .
Mr. Holder described as “ very useful ” the secret program that President Bush authorized after the Sept. 11 attacks to allow wiretapping on terror suspects without a court order .
But he also said that the administration should have gone to Congress for authorization from the outset rather than acting in apparent defiance of a 1978 law .
Mr. Holder also said he would work to restore morale and credibility at the Justice Department after internal reports that have found politicization in the hiring of department lawyers .
He described as “ deplorable ” the actions of a former senior civil rights lawyer , Bradley Schlozman , who was found in a department report this week to have hired 63 lawyers with conservative credentials .
Mr. Holder said he would re-examine the department ’s refusal to bring criminal charges against Mr. Schlozman over accusations that he gave false statements to Congress on the issue .
Internet watchers are on the edge of their seats as the CRTC is set to make a landmark ruling Thursday on Bell Canada Inc. 's throttling of speeds .
The regulator will hand down its decision at 9 a.m. ET after twice delaying the ruling .
The decision will determine whether Bell Canada has violated the Telecommunications
Act by slowing down the internet access it sells to wholesale customers .
Those customers , a group of more than 50 small companies represented by the Canadian Association of Internet Providers , lodged a complaint with the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission about the practice in April .
Bell began throttling its own Sympatico retail customers in October 2007 , and extended the practice in March to CAIP members , which rent portions of Bell 's network to provide internet service to their own customers .
The CRTC rejected CAIP 's call for an immediate cease - and - desist order but launched a public investigation into Bell 's actions .
The throttling affects Bell and CAIP customers who use peer - to - peer file - sharing software such as BitTorrent .
Bell has said the throttling is necessary because a small percentage of subscribers are using such services to clog up its network .
CAIP countered by saying Bell has failed to prove there is congestion on its network , and that the company is throttling peer - to - peer applications because they compete with services it offers , such as an online video store .
While BitTorrent has become synonymous with illegal file - sharing , the application is also increasingly being used for legitimate purposes such as the legal distribution of music and video , such as the CBC show Canada 's Next Great Prime Minister , as well as educational tools .
Peer - to - peer technology is also behind internet calling services such as Skype , which compete with Bell 's core phone business .
A ruling against Bell would likely allow CAIP members to sell unthrottled internet services , thus giving them a competitive advantage over the company and others that slow peer - to - peer applications , such as Rogers Communications Inc. and Shaw Communications Inc .
Bigger throttling probe likely
A decision against CAIP may not necessarily close the door on the throttling issue , however .
CRTC chairman Konrad von Finckenstein this summer said a decision on the Bell - CAIP case will be limited to whether the company has violated its wholesale agreements with the smaller providers .
A more detailed CRTC probe into whether throttling should be allowed in a general sense will likely follow , he said .
CAIP members on Wednesday were hoping for the best but girding for the worst .
" We 're bracing for a worst - case scenario , as Bell has a lot to lose if this does n't go their way , " said Rocky Gaudrault , chief executive of TekSavvy , a CAIP member .
" I would suspect , win or lose , something should be done , going forward , to consider Bell 's conflict of interest in dealing as a carrier and a retail internet provider .
There are some pretty major issues that need attention going forward , so regardless of the upcoming ruling , this might set things in motion to finally force change . "
A Bell spokesman did not immediately return a request for comment .
The throttling issue has angered net neutrality advocates , who maintain the internet should be kept free from discriminatory practices by service providers .
The CRTC 's probe drew submissions from more than 1,000 individuals , as well as large technology companies such as Skype and Google Inc. , which accused Bell of acting as an internet " gatekeeper . "
About 300 protestors held a rally on Parliament Hill in May to urge government legislation to protect net neutrality principles .
Jim Prentice , who was industry minister at the time , said the government was opposed to regulating the internet .
Regulators in the United States have taken decisive action against throttling by service providers .
The Federal Communications Commission in August ordered Comcast Corp. , the country 's largest cable company , to cease its throttling of peer - to - peer applications .
" This practice is not ' minimally intrusive ' but invasive and outright discriminatory , " the FCC said in its ruling .
" Consumers are entitled to run applications and use services of their choice . "
In reaction , Comcast said it would introduce a new application - neutral system by the end of the year that will throttle only heavy users .
The United States is also poised to clamp down further on interference by internet service providers under president - elect Barack Obama , a supporter of net neutrality .
Obama last week appointed two longtime net neutrality advocates , University of Michigan law professor Susan Crawford and former FCC staffer Kevin Werbach , to conduct a review of the regulator .
" The momentum in the U.S. is very , very strong .
The FCC has been showing a strong inclination to move in this direction even without a change in administration , " said University of Ottawa internet law professor Michael Geist .
" Clearly we 're a laggard on this issue .
It 's nothing new on telecom issues and it's going to become increasingly evident . "
" The commanding officer 's response was not intended to be serious , " Mr Thomas said .
Australia 's navy is suffering a recruitment crisis and had to stand down for two months over Christmas due to lack of available sailors .
The navy last year said it had only enough sailors to man half its six - boat fleet of Collins - class submarines .
Rattled by the recession , many consumers facing the upcoming switch to digital television are taking the cheap way out -- buying inexpensive converter boxes instead of new digital TV sets .
But now , amid higher demand , the government is running out of money to subsidize the purchase of the converters .
As of Monday , consumers who request the $ 40 government coupons are being put on a waiting list , Commerce Department officials said .
The coupons help pay for set - top digital converter boxes that allow older TVs to receive digital ...
The U.S. Army has created a video game training unit that will begin operation in 2010 , and has funding for it set aside to the tune of $ 50 million , reports Stars and Stripes .
This is n't for recruiting or marketing , but the training of its soldiers in virtual environments .
" The Army takes this seriously , " said Lt. Col.
Gary Stephens , of the Project Executive Office — Simulation Training and Instrumentation , which will supervise this unit .
" We own gaming for the Army — from requirements through procurement . "
While the Army will not compete with video game development per se , nor is it producing commercially available products , it will still be interacting with the civilian games industry .
The Army will be closely monitoring trends that may be able to help its video game training unit .
It also has an undisclosed budget to purchase or have developed a state - of - the - art successor to its " DARWARS Ambush " trainer ( pictured ) , basically an FPS with 20th - century technology limitations .
The new trainer , " Game After Ambush " will require much stronger technology , including support for more trainees participating at the same time , full - featured terrain and scenario modification , and playback / review capability so that instructors can assess trainees ' tactics and choices .
It sounds like they want to get this up pretty soon .
Leslie Duvow , project director for gaming at PEO - STRI , said the Army will have 70 gaming systems in 53 locations in the United States , Germany , Italy and South Korea between February and September 2009 .
" Each system will consist of 52 computers with ancillary equipment including steering wheels , headsets and mice , " she said .
Soldiers will be able to drive virtual vehicles , fire virtual weapons , pilot virtual unmanned aerial vehicles and do " most anything a soldier does " in a virtual battle space as large as 100 kilometers by 100 kilometers , she said .
[ Col. Mark ] McManigal [ of Training and Doctrine Command ] said the game will replicate what soldiers encounter on today ’s battlefield — from fighting in urban terrain and convoy operations to reacting to contact and ambush operations .
" Your imagination will be your only limiting factor , " he said .
Advertisement
Not Playing Around : Army to Invest $ 50 M in Combat Training Games [ Stars and Stripes via Blue 's News ]
It is impossible to know what JD Salinger did to celebrate his 90th birthday a few days ago on January 1 , but if he was anywhere near the internet , he could not have failed to notice the many tributes he has inspired .
The quality of the tributes , however , leave much to be desired .
Even the good ones cannot resist treating Salinger as the perpetually youthful voice of innocence and alienation .
It is like Salinger the writer has simply morphed into an adult version of Holden Caulfield .
Salinger deserves better .
Catcher in the Rye , like Huckleberry Finn , is a breakthrough book , and its ability to capture an era should be honoured .
But at the heart of Salinger 's major work – his fictional history of the Glass family – is not lightness , but the observation of French novelist Albert Camus , who wrote in his essay The Myth of Sisyphus that " there is but one truly serious philosophical problem , and that is suicide .
Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy " .
In Salinger 's case the philosophical problem begins with the suicide of Seymour Glass in the 1948 short story , A Perfect Day for Bananafish , and then continues through five longer stories published between 1955 and 1965 , in which three of Seymour 's siblings Buddy , Zooey and Franny struggle to come to terms with their eldest brother 's death and their own lives .
Seymour 's suicide is particularly grim .
It occurs during his honeymoon in Florida , when after a day at the beach , he lies down in the twin bed next to his sleeping wife and shoots himself with the gun he packed in his luggage .
How could Seymour , the most philosophical and gentlest of the Glass children , take his own life ?
This is the grim question on which the Glass family stories are based and for which Salinger provides no easy answers .
Seven years elapsed between A Perfect Day for Bananafish and the next Glass family story Franny .
Salinger then began writing exclusively about the Glass children and their parents , but his stories did not follow family chronology .
The earliest picture we get of Seymour comes ten years after Franny in the final Glass family tale Hapworth 16 , 1924 .
It is as if Salinger realised he was engaged in his most important work once he began to write about the Glasses , but by then it was too late to do anything systematic .
The result is that anyone reading Salinger , like Seymour 's brothers and sisters , is forced to rethink the Glass family past .
From the fairytale - like story Seymour tells Sybil , a young girl he meets on the beach , about bananafish who eat so many bananas that they cannot get out of the banana hole they have swum into , we can guess that Seymour found himself trapped in a bad marriage from which he could see no escape .
When Seymour 's brother , the writer Buddy Glass , says that " all we do our whole lives is go from one little piece of Holy Ground to the next " , we can imagine that Seymour reached a point where he believed that he had run out of holy ground .
But such conclusions are guesses at best .
Salinger does not invite us to do what Holden Caulfield says he wants to do with his favourite writers Isak Dinesen and Ring Lardner – call them up on the phone for a friendly chat .
If we want to put Salinger in historical context we need to think of him like Ernest Hemingway – an American writer who was profoundly changed by war .
In Salinger 's case the war was the second world war , and like so many veterans of the that era , Salinger rarely talked about his battle experience .
But in her memoir Dream Catcher , Salinger 's daughter Margaret remembers her father telling her , " You never really get the smell of burning flesh out of your nose entirely " .
Small wonder that Salinger made such a remark about his wartime service , which ended when he was hospitalised with battle fatigue .
Drafted in 1942 , Salinger served in the 12th Infantry Regiment , which landed at Utah Beach on D - Day and then fought in the Hrtgen Forest in Luxembourg and in the Battle of the Bulge in Belgium before coming onto newly liberated Nazi concentration camps .
In A Perfect Day for Bananafish , there is brief mention of Seymour 's service in Germany , but it is in Salinger 's 1950 short story , For Esmé – with Love and Squalor , that we get the fullest picture of the war 's impact on him .
In For Esmé , the war is central to the thinking of the story 's narrator , Sergeant X , who is a counter - intelligence officer like Salinger .
At the end of the story , Sergeant X is in Germany recovering from a breakdown when he receives a package from Esmé , a young girl he met one afternoon at a restaurant in Devon , England .
Enclosed in the package is the wristwatch of Esmé 's father , a British soldier killed in Africa .
It is a magical moment .
The gift and the memory of Esmé are enough to make the Sergeant X think that he may become a man " with all his f - a - c - u - l - t - i - e -s intact " once again .
Esmé has done for Sergeant X what Sybil could not do for Seymour .
But for Sergeant X and all the Glass children , staying sane remains a struggle .
Sanity is never a given , which is why the rosy picture of Salinger on his 90th birthday undermines his life experiences .
It leaves out the darkness that fuels his work and makes his comedy so hard won .
What if Bush 's of plan of " pre-pardoning " himself for War Crimes , giving himself immunity from prosecution , does n't work ?
Why was there a covert land buy in Paraguay involving the Bush family ?
Paraguay does n't have an extradition treaty with the US .
When George W. Bush probably had the greatest fears of being prosecuted , did he have an exit plan ?
Is the plan ready and waiting , just in case ?
A post that expands on that [ here ] .
Any AG can prosecute George W. Bush .
[ blueprint ]
- Steven G. Erickson
http://judicialmisconduct.blogspot.com/
Israel withdraws from Gaza as evidence of war crimes emerges
By Jerry White
22 January 2009
The Israeli military reportedly withdrew its last soldiers from the Gaza Strip Wednesday as new evidence of the war crimes committed during its three - week assault on the Palestinian territory emerged .
Troops continue to mass on the Israeli side of the border with defense official Tzachi Hanegbi warning that the military was prepared to respond with “ overpowering ” force if rockets were fired from Gaza .
The casualty toll continues to rise as bodies are dragged out of the rubble in areas that were previously not accessible .
The death toll from the Israeli attack , which began December 27 , is currently 1,300 , including 410 children and 104 women , according to the Gazan ministry of health .
Approximately 5,300 Palestinians have been injured , including 1,855 children and 795 women .
The World Health Organization has issued a warning of an outbreak of disease as weeks - old bodies remain unburied and raw sewage flows in the streets due to the destruction of Gaza ’s infrastructure .
Thirty - four health facilities , including eight hospitals , were damaged or destroyed by shelling ; 16 health care workers were killed and another 22 injured while on duty , according to the health ministry .
The crisis has been exacerbated by the lack of water and electricity .
John Holmes , the UN humanitarian chief , said 400,000 Gazans — around a third of the population — are still without water and electricity is available for less than half the day .
Hundreds of thousands were forced to flee their residences and at least 100,000 people have been left homeless .
The United Nations , whose secretary - general Ban Ki-moon toured the devastation in Gaza Tuesday , calling it “ shocking and alarming , ” estimated some $ 330 million is needed for urgent aid .
Reconstruction may cost close to $ 2 billion , according to Palestinian and international estimates .
More than 5,000 buildings were completely destroyed and another 20,000 damaged or partially destroyed by the air strikes and artillery and tank fire of the Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) .
Amnesty International ( AI ) has joined several other human rights organizations in accusing Israel of war crimes because of its use of white phosphorus munitions in Gaza ’s densely populated residential neighborhoods .
Referring to the napalm - like material — which covers the skin and continues to burn through muscle and bone until it is deprived of oxygen — Donatella Rovera , a researcher with AI , said , “ Its repeated use in this manner , despite evidence of its indiscriminate effects and its toll on civilians , is a war crime . ”
Chris Cobb - Smith , a British weapons expert who visited Gaza as part of a four - person Amnesty team following the start of a ceasefire on Sunday , said he found widespread use of the chemical weapon .
“ We saw streets and alleyways littered with evidence of the use of white phosphorus , including still - burning wedges and the remnants of the shells and canisters fired by the Israeli army , ” he said in a statement .
Israel used these munitions against a UN Relief and Works Agency compound in Gaza , where hundreds of Palestinians were seeking refuge when it was shelled on January 15 .
In another incident on the same day , a white phosphorus shell landed in the al - Quds hospital in Gaza City , causing a fire and forcing hospital staff to evacuate patients .
In an action aimed at sheltering military officials from prosecution for war crimes , Israeli Army Radio reported that the full names and pictures of battalion commanders involved in Operation Cast Lead would not be released .
According to the Jerusalem Post , the decision was made in anticipation that international war crimes lawsuits would be filed against IDF officers , who could face prosecution when traveling overseas .
The newspaper reported that Defense Minister Ehud Barak has ordered the IDF to set up a team of intelligence and legal experts — a so - called Incrimination Team — to collect evidence related to operations in the Gaza Strip that could be used to defend military commanders against future lawsuits .
The team had already received all the footage filmed by IDF Combat Camera teams deployed inside the Gaza Strip , to review and decipher .
“ The decision to set up the team , ” the Post reported , “ was made as part of IDF preparations for a wave of international lawsuits related to Operation Cast Lead , which Attorney - General Menahem Mazuz warned last week would be filed against soldiers following the operation . ”
In the last few years , several military and intelligence figures , including then - Gaza Division commander Brig . - Gen. Aviv Kochavi and former Shin Bet chief Avi Dichter , were forced to cancel trips to the UK for fear of arrest on arrival .
Supporters of the Palestinians have used Britain ’s Universal Jurisdiction legislation , which allows private criminal complaints of war crimes to be filed even if the alleged perpetrators are citizens of other countries and the actions were not committed on British soil .
Citing the Jawalan.com web site , Haaretz reported that European attorneys have petitioned a Belgian court to arrest Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni upon her arrival in Brussels Wednesday .
The paper said the complaints were apparently lodged on behalf of Belgian and French nationals with relatives who were either wounded or killed in Gaza , and call for Livni to be arrested for war crimes .
An unnamed Israeli human rights group has also set up an Internet site ( www.wanted.org.il) detailing the crimes committed by senior government officials and Israeli Defense Forces officers .
The site includes “ arrest orders ” for Defense Minister Ehud Barak , Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni , Deputy Defense Minister Matan Vilnai , Public Security Minister Avi Dichter , National Infrastructure Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer , IDF Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi and his two predecessors , Dan Halutz and Moshe Ya’alon , former air force commander Eliezer Shkedy and others .
The dossier on Ehud Barak reads :
“ In June 2007 , the suspect imposed a siege on 1.5 million residents of Gaza .
The siege , which is ongoing in 2009 , is collective punishment according to International Law .
The year and a half long siege caused severe food and fuel shortages , intermittent drinking water and electricity supply , disruption to sewage treatment plants and shortages of medicine and essential medical equipment , affecting the lives of 1.5 million people — a violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention and Rome Statute .
“ On 27 December 2008 , the suspect ordered the aerial bombardment of Gazan population centers .
The attacks involved hundreds of aircraft sorties , dropping hundreds of tons of bombs on Gazan neighborhoods
At least 1,200 people — men , women and children — were killed and 5,300 people were injured .
The bombs damaged thousands of homes and turned hundreds of thousands of people into refugees . ”
In his first day in office , US President Barack Obama called Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and expressed his determination to help establish “ an effective anti-smuggling regime to prevent Hamas from rearming , and facilitating in partnership with the Palestinian Authority a major reconstruction effort for Palestinians in Gaza , ” according to a White House statement .
Obama pledged to strengthen the ceasefire agreement brokered by the outgoing Bush administration , which involves promises by the US to deploy technical , intelligence and military assets across the Middle East and to enlist NATO and US - allied Arab regimes to help prevent arms getting into Gaza , particularly from Iran .
Obama also spoke with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan ’s King Abdullah II who are part of the US and Israeli effort to isolate Hamas — which won parliamentary elections in 2006 — and reinstall the puppet regime of Abbas ’s Palestinian Authority in Gaza .
While the Israeli offensive failed to crush Hamas — there were large demonstrations in Gaza in support of the organization after the Israeli troop withdrawal — the bloodletting was meant as an object lesson to the entire Palestinian population .
As one Israeli journalist , David Essing , wrote on the foreign policy and defense web site Isracast , “ Clearly West Bank Palestinians must see the calamity that radical Hamas has brought upon Gaza and that the West Bank could also suffer the same fate as Gaza if the Palestinians there did not choose to follow President Abbas and his policy of compromise with the Jewish state . ”
GUANTANAMO BAY U.S. NAVAL BASE , Cuba ( Reuters ) -
Two dozen people who lost loved ones in the September 11 attacks issued a statement on Wednesday denouncing the Guantanamo war crimes trials as illegitimate , shameful and politically motivated .
Their criticism came in response to passionate praise for the Guantanamo tribunals from other victims ’ relatives , whom the Pentagon brought to the remote U.S. naval base in Cuba this week to observe pretrial hearings for five prisoners charged with plotting the September 11 attacks .
“ These prosecutions have been politically motivated from the start , are designed to ensure quick convictions at the expense of due process and transparency , and are structured to prevent the revelation of abusive interrogations and torture engaged in by the U.S. government , ” said the 24 relatives who signed Wednesday ’s statement , which was distributed through the American Civil Liberties Union .
They said any verdict in the Guantanamo proceedings , which are formally known as military commissions , would leave them wondering if justice had been served .
“ No comfort or closure can come from military commissions that ignore the rule of law and stain America ’s reputation at home and abroad , ” they said .
“ It is time for our nation to stop betraying its own values and the values of so many who died on 9/11 . ”
No one group could possibly speak for all the relatives of the 2,973 people killed when al Qaeda militants crashed hijacked airliners into the World Trade Center , the Pentagon and a Pennsylvania field on September 11 , 2001 .
Relatives of five victims were chosen by the U.S. Department of Defense to attend Monday ’s hearing , in which self - confessed September 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four co-defendants offered to confess and plead guilty .
The pleas were delayed indefinitely by questions about the tribunal rules and the defendants ’ sanity .
In a news conference after the hearing , those relatives were emotional and unanimous in their view that the Guantanamo tribunals were fair and should continue .
An image reviewed by the US military shows a " Camp Justice " sign near the high - tech , high - security courtroom which will hold the pretrial sessions for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and his four co-defendants on charges related to the September 11 attacks , at Camp Justice in Guantanamo Bay December 8 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mandel Ngan / Pool
They said they were proud of the rights the defendants were afforded and marveled that they were offered prayer breaks and respectful treatment even as they seemed to boast of their guilt .
That group was chosen by random lottery from among more than 100 September 11 families who applied to attend , said a Pentagon spokesman , Navy Cmdr. J.D. Gordon .
The scarcity of flights and housing at the remote Guantanamo base made it necessary to limit the size of the group , he said .
Tom Durkin , one of defendant Ramzi Binalshibh ’s civilian lawyers , accused the Pentagon of trying to use those families ’ grief to blackmail President - elect Barack Obama into continuing the Guantanamo tribunals .
Obama has said he would shut the Guantanamo detention camps and move the terrorism trials into the regular U.S. civilian and military courts .
Hamilton Peterson , whose father and stepmother , Donald and Jean Peterson , died on the plane that crashed in Pennsylvania , predicted Obama would change his mind as he learns more in security briefings about those held at Guantanamo .
“ I think he will come to the realization that this is a very appropriate , fair venue , ” Peterson said in the Pentagon news conference .
But even among that group there was disagreement about what should happen to the September 11 defendants if they are convicted .
Some said they favored executing them , and some of the defendants themselves have said they welcomed martyrdom .
But Alice Hoagland , whose son Mark Bingham also died on the plane that crashed in Pennsylvania , said they did not deserve to be treated as martyrs .
“ There are things worse than death and one of those things is to spend your life totally under the control of people you profess to hate ... we should be sure that these dreadful people sit out their lives in a United States prison so that we can demonstrate that we are a compassionate people and a nation of laws and we have higher respect for life than they have , even their miserable lives . ”
Your piece on British Muslims ' attitudes over the Gaza conflict ( Gaza conflict fuelling anger in UK , Muslims warn Brown , 8 January ) said that the UK 's position on Gaza could provoke domestic terrorist attacks .
Nothing justifies violent extremism and in fact the UK has led international efforts for an immediate and sustainable ceasefire .
Criticisms of our approach are neither fair nor accurate .
We are seeing a humanitarian crisis unfolding in Gaza - innocent civilians , including women and children , have died .
Thousands are living in terrifying conditions of fear and insecurity .
Israelis are also suffering from the fear of rocket attacks from Gaza .
That is why we have worked so hard to try to bring this conflict to an end .
The prime minister and the foreign secretary have consistently argued for an urgent , immediate and sustainable ceasefire .
David Miliband spent three days in New York this week for urgent negotiations with the UN security council and Arab countries .
The security council resolution that we negotiated on Thursday underlines the international community 's consensus and determination to do all we can to end this tragedy .
Of course a ceasefire can only come about through decisions taken by the parties involved - but in the interests of people in both Gaza and Israel , we will expend every diplomatic effort to stop the violence .
Bill Rammell MP
Minister of state for the Middle East
We the undersigned are all of Jewish origin .
When we see the dead and bloodied bodies of young children , the cutting off of water , electricity and food , we are reminded of the siege of the Warsaw Ghetto .
When Dov Weisglass , an adviser to the Israeli prime minister , Ehud Olmert , talked of putting Gazans " on a diet " and the deputy defence minister , Matan Vilnai , talked about the Palestinians experiencing " a bigger shoah " ( holocaust ) , this reminds us of Governor General Hans Frank in Nazi- occupied Poland , who spoke of " death by hunger " .
The real reason for the attack on Gaza is that Israel is only willing to deal with Palestinian quislings .
The main crime of Hamas is not terrorism but its refusal to accept becoming a pawn in the hands of the Israeli occupation regime in Palestine .
The decision last month by the EU council to upgrade relations with Israel , without any specific conditions on human rights , has encouraged further Israeli aggression .
The time for appeasing Israel is long past .
As a first step , Britain must withdraw the British ambassador to Israel and , as with apartheid South Africa , embark on a programme of boycott , divestment and sanctions .
Ben Birnberg , Prof Haim Bresheeth , Deborah Fink , Bella Freud , Tony Greenstein , Abe Hayeem , Prof Adah Kay , Yehudit Keshet , Dr Les Levidow , Prof Yosefa Loshitzky , Prof Moshe Machover , Miriam Margolyes , Prof Jonathan Rosenhead , Seymour Alexander , Ben Birnberg , Martin Birnstingl , Prof. Haim Bresheeth , Ruth Clark , Judith Cravitz , Mike Cushman , Angela Dale , Merav Devere , Greg Dropkin , Angela Eden , Sarah Ferner , Alf Filer , Mark Findlay , Sylvia Finzi , Bella Freud , Tessa van Gelderen , Claire Glasman , Ruth Hall , Adrian Hart , Alain Hertzmann , Abe Hayeem , Rosamene Hayeem , Anna Hellmann , Selma James , Riva Joffe , Yael Kahn , Michael Kalmanovitz , Ros Kane , Prof. Adah Kay , Yehudit Keshet , Mark Krantz , Bernice Laschinger , Pam Laurance , Dr Les Levidow , Prof. Yosefa Loshitzky , Prof. Moshe Machover , Beryl Maizels , Miriam Margolyes , Helen Marks , Martine Miel , Diana Neslen , O Neumann , Susan Pashkoff , Hon. Juliet Peston , Renate Prince , Roland Rance , Sheila Robin , Ossi Ron , Manfred Ropschitz , John Rose , Prof. Jonathan Rosenhead , Leon Rosselson , Michael Sackin , Ian Saville , Amanda Sebestyen , Sam Semoff , Prof. Ludi Simpson , Viv Stein , Inbar Tamari , Ruth Tenne , Norman Traub , Eve Turner , Tirza Waisel , Karl Walinets , Renee Walinets , Stanley Walinets , Philip Ward , Naomi Wimborne - Idrissi , Ruth Williams , Jay Woolrich , Ben Young , Myk Zeitlin , Androulla Zucker , John Zucker
Gaultier eat your heart out - an example of Syrian design for the boudoir
By Martin Asser
BBC News , Damascus
Just off the crowded central market in Old Damascus , a sales assistant called Mahmoud is giving me my first introduction into an unusual Syrian speciality - musical knickers .
The garments come in many different shapes and colours , and play little tunes - or other extraneous noises like telephone ringtones - all made by small electronic devices hidden in the lining .
Singing underwear is n't the only item on sale at the " Fatin Shop for Ladies Indoor Clothing " , where Mahmoud is proudly showing off his product lines .
They used to tell me at art school : ' Look within your culture ' .
So I looked and I was in for a big surprise
Rana Salam , author of Secret Life of Syrian Lingerie
He 's got knickers with flashing fairy lights , others that glow in the dark , a bra-and - knickers set shaped like manicured women 's hands enveloping the wearer 's crotch and breasts .
In a slightly higher price range , he 's got remote - controlled bras and knickers , designed to spring open and fall to the floor with a clap of the hands or a press of a button .
Welcome to the no-frills world of Syrian lingerie - no frills , but plenty of tassels , and feathers , and zips , and bras which open like curtains , and ...
There 's a whole street off the historic Hamadiyeh Souk selling this genre of clothing - all outfits manufactured in Syria , some that Madonna herself might blush to wear , all showing bawdy creativity and a wicked sense of humour .
Culture shock Forthright displays of the some world 's kinkiest " leisure wear " have long been a feature of Syrian souks - though many tourists do n't notice the crotchless knickers and PVC French maid outfits among the more traditional inlaid backgammon sets and textiles .
Mahmoud demonstrates various styles , including remote - controlled knickers
It stems from the Syrian tradition for brides - to - be to be given a trousseau of exotic underwear - sometimes dozens of items - usually by girlfriends , aunties and cousins , to add spice to their wedding nights , honeymoons and beyond .
With a glint in his eye , Mahmoud , who 's barely out of school himself , says " some ladies keep coming back until their 30s " .
Now two London - based Arab women , Rana Salam and Malu Halasa , are shining a spotlight on this little - known local speciality , with a new book called The Secret Life of Syrian Lingerie .
" They used to tell me at art school : ' Look within your culture ' .
So I looked and I was in for a big surprise , " graphic designer Ms Salam told me at the launch in London last month .
" The point of the book is to go beyond politics , to break stereotypes and celebrate Middle Eastern sexuality and pleasure .
Call it kitsch , call it whatever you like , but I think this attire is superb , spontaneous , pure art . "
On display at the launch party are a few of the most elaborate ( but silent ) designs , framed on the wall as works of art , including the " hands " bikini .
" I mean , Jean Paul Gaultier eat your heart out , " she says pointing to another exhibit , a bright red wire spiral bra , with white roses over the nipple area and covered in a host of plastic butterflies .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Satisfaction guaranteed
What may be a new discovery to outsiders is that Islamic sexual mores are not only about veiling women , segregating the sexes and austerity .
On the contrary , sex is there to be enjoyed to the maximum by Muslims - as long as they are married Muslims - and there are numerous religious exhortations on the importance of foreplay , mutual titillation and satisfaction for both partners .
Adventurous underwear is popular among conservative Muslim couples Indeed , if a husband fails to satisfy his wife sexually - or vice versa - it is considered grounds for divorce under Islamic law .
In Damascus , I paid a call on one of Syria 's most established lingerie makers , Ali Nasser , in his cramped workshop in the Sheikh Saad neighbourhood .
I 'm amazed how fast a brand new red satin bra and g- string takes shape from his old sewing machine - his expert eye and skilful hands honed by more than 30 years in the business .
A red feather boa - chicken feathers , imported from China - is then snipped up and bits of it glued on to the satin , a canvas for the next stage , toy birds and fake flowers , and of course hidden electronic music devices .
In other cultural contexts , this might seem something like a den of smut and vice - but Mr Nasser , a devout Muslim , insists it 's more a public service and religious duty .
" Our work is all about igniting the desires of a husband for his wife , so he does n't go looking elsewhere .
It 's a good thing and there 's nothing wrong it . "
" There 's no shame in religion , " he adds , as another tiny , shiny g-string shoots out of Mr Nasser 's sewing machine .
See previous articles in Martin Asser 's series from Damascus Syria inches in from the cold Life on the edge for Syrian artists
At home with avant - garde Syrian artist Syria 's own ' war on terror '
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Obama : ' Science is key to our survival '
RAW STORY
Published : Saturday December 20 , 2008
Print This Email This President - elect promises new focus on technology hand - in - hand with efforts to curb global warming .
President - elect Barack Obama on Saturday signaled climate change and genetic research will be among his top priorities when he takes office as he named White House science and technology advisers .
" Today , more than ever before , science holds the key to our survival as a planet and our security and prosperity as a nation , " Obama said in a weekly radio and video address .
" It 's time we once again put science at the top of our agenda and worked to restore America 's place as the world leader in science and technology . "
Obama 's comments were a clear reference to President George W. Bush 's administration which has been accused of downplaying scientific findings on climate change and genetic research .
Signaling a break with Bush 's policies on global warming , Obama named John Holdren , an award - winning environmental policy professor at Harvard University , to head the Office of Science and Technology Policy and co-chair the president 's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology .
Obama called Holdren " one of the most passionate and persistent voices of our time about the growing threat of climate change " .
Holdren , 64 , led the Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs , an international group of prominent scientists that won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1995 .
He won a MacArthur Foundation " genius award " in 1981 for his arms control work , and a number of environmental science awards .
Holdren , a Washington Beltway insider , served as former president Bill Clinton 's science and technology adviser in the 1990s .
Underscoring the importance of genetic research , the president - elect also named Eric Lander and Harold Varmus as co-chairmen of the council of advisors .
Lander is founding director of the Broad Institute , which played a leading role in the Human Genome Project which in 2003 succeeded in mapping the location of about 20,500 genes on the 23 pairs of human chromosomes .
Lander and his colleagues are using these findings to explore the molecular mechanisms underlying the basis of human disease , a field that could hold the key to curing many incurable diseases , Obama aides said .
Varmus , a co-recipient of a 1989 Nobel prize for studies of the genetic basis of cancer , has served as president and chief executive of Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center in New York since January 2000 .
Obama expressed confidence that together the two men will " remake " the group " into a vigorous external advisory council " that will shape his thinking on scientific aspects of his policies .
The nominees also include Jane Lubchenco , a world - renowned environmental expert and marine biologist from Oregon , who will head up the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , an agency that monitors global weather patterns and issues major storm forecasts .
These recent picks , along with the naming of Nobel - prize laureate physicist Steven Chu last week to head the Department of Energy , indicated Obama will work to unwind the energy and climate change policies of the Bush administration , which refused to ratify the Kyoto Protocol on climate change .
" None of the great interlinked challenges of our time -- the economy , energy , environment , health , security , and the particular vulnerabilities of the poor to shortfalls in all of these -- can be solved without insights and advances from the physical sciences , the life sciences , and engineering , " Holdren said in a statement Friday .
Obama made no direct reference to a controversial 2001 decision by Bush to limit federal funding for embryonic stem cell research , despite pleas by many scientists who believe it could offer promise in fighting degenerative diseases like Alzheimer 's and Parkinson's .
The decision had been made under pressure from religious conservative groups that argued such research could violate the sanctity of human life .
The president - elect warned that promoting science is " about ensuring that facts and evidence are never twisted or obscured by politics or ideology , " an apparent reference to the Bush administration 's response to research on global warming .
" It 's about listening to what our scientists have to say , even when it 's inconvenient -- especially when it 's inconvenient . "
The nominations came as Obama , who will move into the White House on January 20 , rounded out his cabinet .
On Friday , he tapped Democratic Representative Hilda Solis of California as labor secretary and former Republican Congressman Ray LaHood of Illinois as transportation secretary .
Obama left Saturday for Hawaii , where he will spend the Christmas holidays with family and friends but will continue to do transition work , his office said .
The following video was posted to President - elect Obama 's Web site , Change.gov , on Saturday , Dec. 20 .
With wire reports
Have you ever had a string like this
" abc ; def ; ghijk;lm "
and wanted to turn it into a list of strings , like this ?
[ " abc " , " def " , " ghijk " , " lm " ]
Of course , you could always use a parsing library , or a regular expression library , but sometimes you just want something a little more lightweight .
Perl and Ruby both have library functions called “ split ” to do just this .
Haskell ’s standard libraries , on the other hand , have no such function , much to the consternation of many a newbie and experienced Haskeller alike .
There have been many proposals to add such a thing to the standard Data .
List module in the past , but nothing ever came of it , primarily because there are many slightly different ways to split a list , and no one could ever agree on the One True Splitting Interface .
I decided we ’ve been Doing It Wrong .
Instead of bickering about the one true interface and going through the stringent library proposals process , let ’s just get some useful code together and release it on Hackage .
( Of course there are advantages to inclusion in the standard libraries — but that can come later . )
So I solicited contributions on a wiki page , took some of the ideas , bits of code , and some ideas of my own , and created Data .
List .
Split .
Instead of talking about it more , I ’ll just show some examples :
* Data.List.Split > splitOn " ; " " abc ; def ; ghijk;lm "
[ " abc " , " def " , " ghijk " , " lm " ]
* Data.List.Split > splitWhen ( <0 ) [ 1,4,-8,4,-3, -2,9 ]
[ [ 1,4 ] , [ 4 ] , [ ] , [ 9 ] ]
* Data.List .Split > split ( startsWith " app " ) " applyappicativeapplaudapproachapple "
[ " apply " , " appicative " , " applaud " , " approach " , " apple " ]
* Data.List .Split > split ( dropDelims $ oneOf " : ; " ) " :: abc ; : ;; fg:h ; ;ij ; "
[ " " , " " , " abc " , " " , " " , " " , " fg " , " h " , " " , " ij " , " " ]
* Data . List .Split > split ( condense .
dropInitBlank $ oneOf " : ; " ) " :: abc ; : ;; fg:h ; ;ij ; "
[ " : : " , " abc " , " ; : ; ; " , " fg " , " : " , " h " , " ; ; " , " ij " , " ; " , " " ]
Detailed documentation can be found in the package itself .
Install it from Hackage :
cabal install split
You can also check out the darcs repo .
Comments , suggestions , and patches welcome !
Introduction
Zero wine is an open source ( GPL v2 ) research project to dynamically analyze the behavior of malware .
Zero wine just runs the malware using WINE in a safe virtual sandbox ( in an isolated environment ) collecting information about the APIs called by the program .
The output generated by wine ( using the debug environment variable WINEDEBUG ) are the API calls used by the malware ( and the values used by it , of course ) .
With this information , analyzing malware 's behavior turns out to be very easy .
How does it works ?
Zero wine is distributed as one QEMU virtual machine image with a Debian operating system installed .
The image contains software to upload and analyze malware and to generate reports based on the information gathered ( this software is stored in / home / malware / zerowine ) .
Running the distributed virtual machine with the correct command line options ( use the supplied startup shell script to run the virtual machine ) provides a web based ( web server is written in python ) graphical interface to upload malware to be analyzed ( a CGI written , also , in python ) .
When a new malware is uploaded , it is copied to the directory / tmp / vir / MD5 _OF_THE_FILE , them , the previous created WINE environment ( WINEPREFIX if you prefer ) is removed and a backup system is untared ( the backup system is / home / malware / backup/backup.tar.gz ) .
After this operation , the malware is executed using the shell script malware_launcher.sh ( the file is stored in the folder / home / malware / bin ) .
NOTE : The current system is subject to change as it does n't allow the analysis of more than one malware at a time .
In the future , every time you upload a new malware file it will be added to a queue for later analysis and a new WINEPREFIX specific to run this malware will be created .
Running the virtual machine with QEMU
You must run the virtual machine using QEMU giving various arguments .
The most important one is the following : - redir tcp:8000::8000 .
This parameter redirects the local 8000 port to the port 8000 of the virtual machine .
You can , of course , change the port but note that you should n't run it at port 80 in Unix / Linux based environments as it needs root privileges , opening a big security hole ( imagine the malware escaping from the virtual machine and owning your real system ) .
When the virtual machine finish the booting process ( wait about 2 minutes or so to the Debian based operating system to boot ) you can navigate with your preferred browser to http://localhost:8000 .
You will be received with the following very simple web page :
Just upload your test ( PE ) file to the virtual machine through the web interface , specify the timeout and let zero wine analyze the program 's behavior .
After a while a report 's summary like the following one will be generated :
Interpreting reports
When the analysis finishes , a report 's summary page with 4 links ( at the moment of writing this little article ) appears .
The links are “ Report ” , “ Strings ” , “ Headers ” and “ Signature ” .
The options are explained in the next sections .
Complete Report
The very first link is the Report link .
This option shows the complete raw trace file generated by WINE .
This file is normally very big and hard to follow ( there are too many APIs used by WINE itself mixed with the APIs called by the malware ) , however , it might help you understand completely what the program does .
The following is a sample report for the virus MyTob ( as you might see it 's very long and , as so , hard to understand ) .
Too many API calls ( generally , internal WINE calls ) that are just junk calls , uninteresting in general for us .
Anyway , remember that they might help you understanding the malware you 're analyzing even when various calls appears to be uninteresting .
Strings
The output of the Linux command “ strings ” .
Sometimes ( in stupid easy to understand malware ) you might discover interesting strings , URLs , and so on ...
The following is an example ( MyTob ) :
File Headers
This report shows the tool used to pack the program if any ( using the signatures from PEIdSignatures ) and the full output of analyzing the given PE program with the open source library PEFile .
The report generated will be similar to the following image :
In this example the header seems to be corrupted , a signal of malware trying to make disassembling harder .
Signature
This is the most interesting report generated by zero wine ( when the malware runs OK ) .
This report shows the most interesting API calls and the values used .
Easier to see in the following example :
The " Signature " report tells us that the malware created the mutex " H - E - L - L - B - O - T " ( process id 0009 ) and copied itself to c:\windows\system32\msmgrxp.exe .
Next , the copied file is executed ( process 0018 ) .
This copy of the malware checks for the mutex " H - E - L - L - B - O - T " and , if it already exists , copies the binary to c:\\funny_pic.scr and to other various places .
Enough information to write a simple behavior report .
Common Problems
Packers
Zero wine runs malware quite well overall , however , it has problems with various packers ( in example , wine fails almost always with PE programs packed with Armadillo ) and sometimes you will get no data for both “ Report ” and “ Signature ” sections .
Anyway , the “ Headers ” and “ Strings ” report 's sections will appear giving you interesting information about the binary ( although not the behavior of the malware ) .
Detection
Detection of the WINE environment demonstrated to be extremely easy .
In example , the registry key HKLM \Software \Wine or HKCU \Software \Wine can be opened to detect it .
Another example : Check the file size of any Windows critical system file .
When running under WINE , the files will be ridiculously small , while in a real Windows system it will have a ( always ) bigger size .
Another “ advanced ” detection technique : Open any critical Windows file and decompile the entry point .
When running under WINE the function will decompile to the following 2 simple instructions :
. text :10001000 public start
. text :10001000 start proc near
. text :10001000 mov eax , 1
.text :10001005 retn 4
. text :10001005 start endp
For the lazy people : Just search for the following binary string B8 01 00 00 00 C2 04 00 at . text : 10001000 .
Dangers
First of all , remember , RUNNING MALWARE IN YOUR COMPUTER IS ALWAYS A BAD IDEA .
You must isolate the virtual machine ( or the real hardware box ) from the real world when possible .
Sometimes it 's mandatory to allow the malware to connect to the real world , however , you might be attacking other people .
And , what is more important , remember , a malware written to escape the WINE sandbox will escape ( even when the WINE 's sandbox is configured with only the C : drive ) and it might affect your network , your real machines .
Download
Download zerowine ( as a prebuilt virtual machine for QEmu or the python source code ) from here .
References
Project 's web page : http://sourceforge.net/projects/zerowine
WINE : http://www.winehq.org
QEMU : http://bellard.org/qemu/
PEFile by Ero Carrera : http://code.google.com/p/pefile/
PEIdSignatures : http://code.google.com/p/pefile/wiki/PEiDSignatures
PEId : http://www.PEiD.info/
Python : http://www.python.org
Contact Information
Author : Joxean Koret
E- Mail : < admin@joxeankoret.com >
< joxeankoret@yahoo.es >
Professional Website : http://www.joxeankoret.com
Media Matters does an outstanding job showing the trickle - down effect from Rush and Hannity really does work .
It gives the conservative regional radio hosts justification ( in their minds ) for the misinformation that they spread to their listeners , who in turn post on the internet and send these lies or smears to their co-workers .
Here is their summary :
Beyond the echelon of widely known conservative radio hosts with national audiences lies a vast network of lesser - known syndicated and regional radio hosts who have become key components of an echo chamber for conservative talking points and falsehoods .
Like their better - known counterparts , these syndicated and regional radio hosts have played active roles this election season in promoting falsehoods and smears in an all - out effort to foment hate and distrust among their listeners for President - elect Barack Obama .
While the hosts vary in the degree of vitriol they spew and in their ratio of rebuttable falsehoods to unbridled smears , Media Matters for America and Colorado Media Matters have identified common themes that many , if not all , have promoted over the past year .
The Project for Excellence in Journalism recently released a report , which garnered considerable media attention , concluding that Sen.
John McCain received much more “ negative ” coverage than President - elect Barack Obama during the campaign .
But in purporting to compare the media ’s coverage of the two candidates , PEJ did not consider talk radio , saying : “ Talk radio stories … were not included in this campaign study of tone . ”
But , beyond arguable flaws in PEJ ’s methodology , no study of the “ tone ” in the media ’s coverage of this presidential campaign is complete without inclusion of conservative talk radio .
Several of the radio hosts monitored by Media Matters ( their shows are described in detail below ) , as well as their guests , engaged in an all - out effort to foment hate and suspicion of Obama among their listeners , promoting the most baseless and farfetched of smears and advancing falsehoods — including about Obama ’s religion and background — that have taken hold among a substantial percentage of the electorate .
The problem is that these regional talk show host ’s actually convince their listeners that this is factual information .
I know this to be true because , I had members of my family and friends that were receiving emails that were watered down versions of Limbaugh all the time .
How I found out is , they would forward me these vile emails that I would respond to with facts and links to the actual truth of the matter .
All of them were trying to find out the truth , so they could respond to what they had received by email .
Here are some great examples of what Media Matters uncovered .
General themes in 2008 election
Throughout the general election cycle , conservative talk radio hosts have repeatedly attempted to exploit ignorance about and distrust of Obama rooted in his heritage and upbringing , and have engaged in a relentless campaign to depict Obama as an untrustworthy outsider .
In doing so , radio hosts have compared Obama to the Antichrist , as well as to Hitler and Mao and have suggested that his loyalties lie outside of the United States , including in the case of some radio hosts , with Kenya and Kenyan political figures .
Attacks were also waged against those seen as supporters or beneficiaries of progressive candidates .
For instance , several talk radio hosts and their guests suggested that demographic groups such as the poor or women should be denied the right to vote .
* Bill Cunningham
Cunningham alleged that “ Obama wants to gas the Jews ”
During the October 30 broadcast of his Cincinnati - based radio show , Bill Cunningham asked “ Randy Furman , ” a fictional Jewish character voiced by fellow WLW - AM host Scott Sloan : “ Did you hear about this [ Columbia University professor of Middle East studies Rashid ] Khalidi tape where Obama is toasting a guy who wants to gas and fry Jews ? …
This Obama guy loves the PLO [ Palestinian Liberation Organization ] .
Ca n’t you figure that out ? ”
Cunningham later added , “ Jews for McCain because Obama wants to gas the Jews , like the PLO wants to gas the Jews , like the Nazis gassed the Jews .
Cunningham invoked “ [ s ] ix - six - six ” and “ the beast ” in discussing “ Barack Hussein Obama ”
Stating that 666,000 new voters have registered in Ohio , Cunningham said on October 10 : “ Six - six - six .
The mark of the beast .
The great majority , of course , are registered by ACORN . …
Who conducted ACORN seminars to tell ACORN employees and others how to cheat the system ?
Barack Hussein Obama .
I may declare him to be the beast .
Six - six - six .
It could be the end of all days . ”
On the October 13 edition of Cunningham ’s show , a caller said of Obama , “ He may be the Antichrist . ”
* Mark Levin
In the days before the election , media figures have repeatedly compared Obama to Hitler
On the October 29 edition of ABC Radio Networks ’
The Mark Levin Show , Levin asserted that Obama is “ really into these big German - like events that he creates in this country , is n’t he ?
Have you noticed that ? ” Curtis Sliwa , WABC radio host and CEO and founder of the community activist organization Guardian Angels , responded : “ I am telling you , and he comes out and it ’s almost as if the crowd stands in unison , and I ’m saying to myself , ‘ Oh my God , the Olympic Stadium , Berlin , 1938 , ’ ” to which Levin replied : “ Yeah , we ’ve seen this .
It ’s scary . ”
Sliwa then asserted : “ And the only thing missing is he ’s not standing up in an open car . ”
Levin , MacCallum falsely accused Obama of inconsistency on whether Iranian Revolutionary Guard should be designated a terrorist group
On the June 4 broadcast of his radio show , Levin falsely asserted that Obama “ lied to ” the American Israel Public Affairs Committee when he “ told them today that the Iranian Revolutionary Guards should be designated a terrorist group after voting against a bill designating them a terrorist group a year ago . ”
In fact , Obama has consistently supported designating the Iranian Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization , having co-sponsored a bill in 2007 to do that .
* “ Gunny ” Bob Newman
Newman : “ [ T ] here will be an invasion of Muslim terrorists ” if Obama becomes president
On the July 10 broadcast of his radio show , responding to a caller ’s statement that “ we better start learning Arabic ” if Obama is elected president , Newsradio 850 KOA ’s “ Gunny ” Bob Newman stated that “ there will be an invasion of Muslim terrorists ” if Obama is elected .
Further , after stating that he did n’t know whether Obama has “ ever held a real job , ” Newman falsely claimed that Obama has accomplished “ [ n] othing ” in the U.S. Senate .
* Michael Savage
Savage : Obama was “ hand - picked by some very powerful forces … to drag this country into a hell that it has not seen since the Civil War ”
Savage stated of Obama on the March 13 broadcast of his radio show : “ I think he was hand - picked by some very powerful forces both within and outside the United State of America to drag this country into a hell that it has not seen since the Civil War of the middle of the 19th century . ”
Savage : “ America ’s not ready for an affirmative action presidency ”
On the February 1 broadcast of his radio show , while referring to Sen. Clinton and Obama , Savage stated : “ We have a woman and a multi-ethnic man running for office on the Democrat side .
Is this not akin to a — an affirmative action election ?
Is n’t that why the libs are hysterical , tripping over themselves to say amen and yes to this affirmative election vote ? ”
He later added , “ America ’s not ready for an affirmative action presidency . ”
* Peter Boyles
Hosting Berg for the third time , Boyles again allowed Obama birth certificate smear
For the third time in three weeks , Boyles hosted Berg during the October 29 edition of his radio show and allowed him to repeat the discredited falsehood that Obama has not released a valid birth certificate establishing he was born in the United States and therefore could be ineligible to run for president .
Hosting Philip Berg , Boyles and Martino allowed further falsehoods about Obama ’s birth certificate
On the October 22 broadcast of The Troubleshooter and the October 23 broadcast of The Peter Boyles Show , Boyles and Tom Martino , respectively , uncritically allowed Berg to repeat the discredited smear that Obama has not released a valid birth certificate establishing he was born in the United States and therefore could be ineligible to run for president .
Berg further claimed on both broadcasts that the copy of Obama ’s certification of live birth posted on his campaign website is a “ forgery . ”
The lists that they have compiled is very extensive .
For the whole article of falsehoods , here is the link to Media Matters .
Unfortunately , no matter how many times you prove this information to be inaccurate , some people choose to keep going back to these sources for their information .
My sincere wish is that citizens who did n’t back Obama for any of these reasons , check out the facts .
Here is the link to Barackopedia.org .
Home » forums » LtU Forum Shoot - out : most annoying compiler error message Today , I ran into a compiler error message which was hopelessly uninformative .
Since I am up for something light - hearted , I thought I might as well just ask if anyone remembers his most annoying compiler message .
I guess anything goes , well maybe except for the " e345 : internal error message " kind of type .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
Tarō
Asō makes comments at high school exchange event in South Korea
Japanese Prime Minister Tarō Asō visited South Korea during Japan 's extended holiday weekend and used the Sailor Moon magical girl anime as an example of how reality is different from the portrayals of the two countries .
He attended a foreign exchange event between Japanese and Korean high school students on Sunday , and talked about the significance of cultural exchange .
According to Asō , " [ Reality ] is different from the images we see on television and in the things we read .
We know that [ the anime character ] Sailor Moon and others do n't really exist .
When [ Japanese and Korean high school students ] sweat and work hard with each other , we understand each other . "
In addition to cultural events , this visit is the first time that top figures in the Japanese financial world are accompanying the prime minister .
Asō met with South Korean President Lee Myung - bak on Monday to discuss the North Korean nuclear issue , future cooperation agreements , and other topics .
In past events , Asō has said , only half - jokingly , that he is apparently more well known in Japan for being a manga geek than prime minister .
Monday is Coming - of - Age Day , a Japanese national holiday to celebrate those who have turned 20 and have become adults in the past year .
Source : NTV News 24
Over eight years , Dolores Jacobo earned her place as an integral member of an affluent Malibu , Calif. , household , where her workplace is a six - bedroom , nine - bath beachfront home with a private movie theater .
Hired to be the nanny of twin 3 - month - olds , she stayed with the family after the girls started school .
She transitioned from pushing strollers to shopping for groceries and ferrying the family 's golden retrievers to grooming appointments .
Her employers , she explains , " have busy lives " that include volunteering at school , going to the gym , visiting the chiropractor and getting various beauty treatments , like facials , manicures and pedicures .
Later this month , however , this household chief operating officer will fall victim to downsizing .
She says her employers tearfully informed her that her $ 1,000 - a- week position is being eliminated .
" They told me they had to cut expenses 75 % , " says Ms. Jacobo , whose employer declined to be interviewed .
" I am heartbroken . "
The weak economy is wiping out a symbol of the wealth boom : the megananny and other high - end help .
The luxury of household help , often in the form of immigrant labor , blossomed with the thriving economy .
Some nannies came to oversee entire households .
Now , the dive in the value of stock portfolios and real estate has caused even prosperous families to review their finances and make new plans .
People unaccustomed to doing their own housework are dealing with dirty laundry and mowing their own lawns .
What is happening in Canada
From reading the comments yesterday and today , it 's pretty obvious that there is confusion over what 's happening in Canada 's government .
This is a primer for non-Canadians ( and some Canadians ) about this mess .
If you did n't care about this yesterday and you still do n't care about it today , know that I am knitting a very beautiful brown sock and a great brown hat and this blog will maybe be interesting to you again tomorrow .
( Or maybe not , since I do n't know if I can count on a brown sock and a brown hat to put the zip into it . )
OK .
The first thing you need to know is that Canada has a parliamentary democracy , and that we are a Constitutional Monarchy .
This is a very , very different system than the US uses , and it allows for a lot of interesting political variation .
The most significant to the majority of my readers will likely be that our head of Government ( The Prime Minister ) is not the same person as the head of state ( The Governor General ) .
The Governor General is the Queen 's representative in Canada , and plays an important role .
( She 's also the Commander - in - Cheif of the Canadian Forces . )
In addition , we vote for parties not individuals .
( Edited to add : There 's been some debate about this in the comments , and as usual , the commentors are right and I was unclear .
When I say this , I mean that we do NOT vote for a Prime Minister in an election .
We vote for the person at our local level , they represent a party , and then the party 's leader becomes Prime Minister .
Clearer ? )
We vote at the local level and elect a Member of Parliament , and the party that gets the most MPs wins , and the leader of that party becomes Prime Minister .
( Yup , that means that if the party choses a new leader while they are in power , we get a new Prime Minister without an election .
It happens . )
Because we have several valid , effective parties , the vote is split into several pieces , usually five .
The Conservatives ( Canada 's " right " although not as far right as Republicans . )
The Liberals ( Canada 's centre / but left leaning party ) The New Democratic Party or NDP ( The left ) The Bloc ( a Quebec Party that only operates in Quebec .
They 're allegedly " separatists " but it 's been a while since that had a lot of momentum .
They 're left of centre . )
And the Green Party ( left of centre as well . )
Excellent .
So an election is called ( more about that later ) and we all go vote ( or most of us go vote .
Shame on the rest of you , and I hope you are n't bothering to bitch right now .
You gave up that right when you could n't be arsed to go to the poll . )
Now , one party will get more MPs elected than the others .
That party will form the government and the Governor General will appoint it 's leader our Prime Minister .
The runner up forms " Her Majesty 's Loyal Opposition . " and everyone else forms the opposition and everyone goes to the house of Parliament and all the MPs sit in the house and vote on stuff , and for a motion to pass the majority of the MPs need to agree it's a good idea .
If the winning party has enough MPs that they can pass stuff without help from any opposition MPs , then they have " a majority government " .
These governments tend to be very stable .
If the winning party has enough MPs elected that they need the co-operation of an opposing party to get things passed ... they are said to have a minority government , and those tend to be unstable , and the Prime Minister of a minority government needs to operate in a more co-operatie spirit , or he / she wo n't be able to get much done .
In either case , the Prime Minister remains Prime Minister until one of 5 things happen .
- Five years are up .
- Their party decides they should n't be leader anymore .
- They die .
- They go to the Governor General and ask her to call an election .
- They lose the confidence of the house .
We are largely concerned with the last thing on that list .
This is an important part .
If the government ( majority or minority , though you can see how it 's more likely to happen with a minority ) tries to pass something that is a sort of a motion that has " a confidence motion " attached to it , and they lose that motion , then they are said to have " lost the confidence of the house " , which means " the majority of MPs , and therefore Canadians , think that you 're not doing a good job , and we have no faith that you 'll improve .
We want someone else . "
At this point , the Prime Minister goes to the Governor General , tells her that he 's lost the confidence of the house and asks her ( usually ) to prorogue ( suspend ) parliament and call an election , which must happen within 8 weeks .
Some important things , like how the government spends money , or how they use the Canadian Forces , are automatically " confidence motions " , but ( and this is so important to the rest of this ) a confidence motion can be attached to any other motion .
Our current Prime Minister is Stephen Harper .
He 's a conservative , and he 's been Prime Minister since his party won a minority government in February of 2006 .
The Honourable Prime Minister has taken an unusual approach to running said minority .
Instead of operating in a co-operative spirit , the Prime Minister has been rather aggressive , and instead of moderating his motions to the point where the opposition might vote for them anyway , he has instead taken to attaching a confidence motion to just about everything .
This means that every time the house votes , they can either vote with him , or force an election .
All last year , this strategy worked beautifully .
The opposing parties ( particularly the Liberals , who were having leadership troubles ) did n't want an election .
Forcing the opposition to choose between forcing an election and agreeing with him rammed through a lot of legislation , but bred a lot of contempt .
( Depending on whether you are a conservative or not , this strategy has alternately been called " being an aggressive parliamentarian who makes the most of the system " or " being a big fat bully " . )
On September 7 , 2008 the Prime Minister asked the Governor General to call a federal election , saying that there was no spirit of co-operation in the house ( which is true , although debate rages about who 's fault that is . )
He won a second minority in October ( vs his hoped for majority ) but spoke of a renewed sprit of co-operation and productivity .
Last week , immediately following the resumption of parliament , he reverted to his same strategy , and put forth an " economic strategy " which included , among other things , the removal of federal election subsidies to all parties .
This would have effectively hobbled the oppositions ability to campaign , and guaranteed that they would be unable to oppose him in parliament , since they would n't have the money to launch campaigns .
There 's a lot of debate over whether or not this was ethical .
The Prime Minister made this a confidence motion , essentially saying ( to put it mildly ) to the opposition " either do it my way , or we 'll have another election , which you will lose , will piss Canadians off , and will cost the country another $ 300 million dollars . "
( $ 300 million is the cost to the government of an election . )
The opposition cried foul .
Not just because they were unhappy with the funding cuts , but because they claimed that the Government was not responding properly to the economic crisis by failing to provide ( among other things ) an economic stimulus package , and because they realized that Mr. Harper clearly intended to continue to govern by hanging the threat of an election over their heads every time he wanted a motion to pass .
They said they had had enough and would vote against his motion , therefore causing him to lose the confidence of the house .
Mr. Harper responded to this by removing the funding cut , but the opposition did not back down , saying that their other problem had been the lack of response to the economic crisis , and that it still was .
At this time , it is supposed that Harper , knowing that the Liberals ( who lost badly in the last election and have leadership problems ) were not only unwilling , but likely unable to manage an election , rolled the dice , believing that he had the other parties on the ropes , and stuck to his guns .
Meanwhile , the other parties formed a coalition ... a combination party consisting of the Liberal party and the NDP ( supported by unofficial members - the Bloc and the Green Party ) .
Together , this constitutes every MP in the house who is not a conservative , and represents two thirds of Canadians .
This coalition went to the Prime Minister and told him that he had " lost the confidence of the house " and that they were willing and ready to form an alternative government .
Re-enter the Governor General .
The role of the Governor General is to appoint a Prime Minister , dismiss a Prime Minister , to prorogue ( suspend ) parliament , to call the house to the hill , or to dissolve parliament .
She has the constitutional right to override the Prime Minister ( although traditionally , she does n't ) and within the confines of the Constitution , she acts in the best interests of Canada as she sees them .
For example , if a Prime Minister wanted to prorogue parliament , she could say " No. I do n't think that 's right . " or if a Prime Minister asked her to call an election , technically she could refuse , or ( and this is the important bit ) she can ask a party from the opposition if they will form another government , should she believe this is a better choice .
What 's relevant here , is that The Prime Minister essentially has two choices at this point .
One way or another , he cannot continue to be Prime Minister , at least not without another election .
He does not have the confidence of the house , and the rules of parliamentary democracy say that he 's cooked without it .
His choices are to either go to the Governor General - Madame Jean , and tell her he quits and ask her for the next step , or he can wait until there 's a vote on something - anything , at which point the opposition will attach a vote of confidence to it , and his government will fall , thus automatically turning the next step over to the Governor General .
When a party does not have the confidence of the house , the Governor General has two choices .
She can call an election and we 'll all vote again ... or she can , under the constitution , ask the opposition if they are ready , willing and able to form government .
Obviously , if the opposition held few seats or was ineffectual , she would n't bother , since Canada would soon land in the same boat , when the new house could n't agree on squat .
It is not her job to do the bidding of the Prime Minister , it is her mandate to protect Parliamentary Democracy .
Triggering another election mere months after the last one is n't good for democracy ( because nothing can get done ) and selecting a powerless alternative government also sucks ( because nothing can get done . )
As the opposition ( all of it .
Every MP ) has agreed to work together if they form the alternative , she can be reasonably sure that they will form an effective government , one that ( at least theoretically ) represents more Canadians than the current Conservative government , it is possible ( we do n't know if we can go so far as to say " likely " that this is what she will do . )
The new coalition party will rule , and the Conservatives would become the opposition .
Deep breath .
Obviously , the Prime Minister thinks that this is a pretty bad idea , and he is wigging out , mostly because of three things .
1 . He does n't want to lose his job .
( Totally understandable . )
2 . He says it is undemocratic .
Many conservatives have called this a " coup " or " overthrowing the government " and have implied or claimed outright that it is illegal .
3 . He claims that it is especially wrong because it includes the Bloc , a Quebec only party , claiming that it is a " betrayal of the best interests of our country . "
There are several things wrong with that .
1 . Well , there 's nothing wrong with that .
I do n't want to lose my job either .
Fair enough .
You can't pick on the guy for that .
2 . It is n't undemocratic .
It is perfectly legal , has precedent in this country , has worked well in other countries with a Parliamentary Democracy and is a proper application of the principles and laws of that system .
In fact , the current Prime Minister himself suggested the exact same thing to the Governor General in 2004 , when he was the opposition .
( There 's a copy of his letter here . )
He obviously did n't feel that it was an " undemocratic seizure of power " then , or a " betrayal " then ... and it is n't now .
He just does n't like it and ... well .
See # 1 .
3 . The Bloc is NOT part of the coalition .
They support it , they like it , but they are not a signatory .
They will have power under the coalition , but , as many Canadians like to forget when we talk about the Bloc , they do represent an entire , enormous province of Canadians who 's participation in parliament is appropriate and daily .
Also , if you read that letter above , where Mr. Harper himself suggests forming an alternative government , you will note that he said himself that he would form it with The Bloc .
If he was willing to align the Conservative party with The Bloc , then the Liberals aligning themselves with The Bloc can hardly be the mark of Satan upon them .
He 's just upset .
See # 1 .
Where we are now , is that The Governor General is flying home ( she was on a State visit to Europe ) to deal with all this , and nobody knows what she will do .
She must act within the confines of the constitution , and in the best interests of Canada as she sees them .
Apparently , Mr. Harper , looking to avoid the official vote of confidence on Monday , is going to ask her to prorogue ( suspend without dissolving ) parliament until January , so that he can have more time to fix this up , or come up with an economic strategy that wo n't get voted down .
This suggestion enrages a lot of Canadians , who are trying to figure out how the Prime Minister can believe that the best thing to do in the middle of an economic crisis is to not only fail to come out with a plan for it , but to then compound the trouble by having no parliament in session during said crisis .
On the other hand , this suggestion thrills other Canadians who do n't want to see this Government defeated .
The Prime Minister will go to Madame Jean , the Governor General , and ask her to do .... well .
We think it will be the prorogue thing , but he 's a hard man to predict , and Madame Jean will pull the plug on parliament or not , call an election or not , appoint an alternative government or not .
Usually a Governor General grant the wishes of the Prime Minister , but the question she faces , is " Is that reasonable if a Prime Ministers motivation is to avoid a legal vote ? "
It all rests in the hands of one woman .
Governor General Michaëlle Jean .
Dudes .
I love this country .
Posted by Stephanie at December 3 , 2008 1:07 PM
The Audi R8 V10 is proud to be the first car in the world that features all - LED headlamps , running lights and turn indicators .
The benefits are plenty – LED headlights are four times more energy efficient compared to traditional halogen headlights , and they also feature a practically indefinite service life , so you wo n’t have to worry ( too much ) about blown lamps and additional maintenance costs .
These LEDs can be adjusted to be more or less bright electronically , allowing you to have the optimal driving experience at all times .
It is hoped that future versions of LED headlights are able to react to variables including weather conditions , speed and distance between vehicles for added safety on the road .
Other parts of the Audi R8 V10 that uses LED lighting include footwells , light and rain sensors and the LED engine compartment lighting .
We wonder which automobile manufacturer will adopt this technology next .
Advertising
Filed in ..
Alan Cox is moving on from Red Hat
From : Alan Cox < alan-AT-lxorguk.ukuu.org.uk >
To : editor - AT - lwn.net , editor - AT - lxer.com Subject : Moving on from Red Hat Date : Tue , 23 Dec 2008 16:13:09 +0000 Message -ID : <20081223161309.6af6ea3f@lxorguk.ukuu.org.uk >
I will be departing Red Hat mid January having handed in my notice .
I 'm not going to be spending more time with the family , gardening [ 1 ] or other such wonderous things .
I 'm leaving on good terms and strongly supporting the work Red Hat is doing .
I 've been at Red Hat for ten years as contractor and employee and now have an opportunity to get even closer to the low level stuff that interests me most .
Barring last minute glitches I shall be relocating to Intel ( logically at least , physically I 'm not going anywhere ) and still be working on Linux and free software stuff .
I know some people will wonder what it means for Red Hat engineering .
Red
Hat has a solid , world class , engineering team and my departure will have no effect on their ability to deliver .
Alan [ 1 ]
I note that both the family and garden probably think I should
Depressingly Common Adventure Game Design Flaws .
The remnants of a dying interstellar civilisation , they come to our planet to seed our adventure games with their parasitic young , to burst their way out in a spray of bone and gore .
As a seasoned and battle - hardened veteran , they chose me to go in and end the infestation , armed only with a two by four and a mechanical pencil with half an inch of lead left .
This month 's Depressingly Common Adventure Game Design Flaw :
USE KEY TO OPEN DOOR
If there 's one thing that seems a bit out of place in a lot of games , it 's the courier quest .
This , of course , applies not only to adventure games but also any games with a degree of adventure element , like RPGs , action / adventures , or pretty much anything with Zelda in the title .
Here we have a game where the player is ( usually ) up against impossible odds , the sole obstacle between the villain and total victory , a beacon of sword - slashing , gun-toting strength to shepherd the world into a new time of peace and understanding .
It should really be communicated to most of the NPCs in the game that there are other , less busy people who could pick up their laundry .
Courier quests ( or ' fetch quests ' ) are just part of a larger problem , though , which is the problem of Use Key To Open Door .
Overuse of puzzles which involve picking up an object in room A and dragging it onto an obstacle in room B in order to provide access to room C .
Of course , this pretty much describes a standard adventure game puzzle , but my problem is how little the formula varies .
The truly poor games have you collect armfuls of unlabelled keys of varying shape and size in order to open doors , behind which can be found more keys to add to your collection .
I 'm looking at you , Survival Horror .
In general , though , while most games do n't go that far , they do something very similar .
When you boil down Use Key To Open Door to the basics -- removing an obstacle just by throwing an inventory item at it -- then you begin to realise how depressingly common it is .
You can replace ' key ' with crowbar , wad of money , pickaxe , rope , or bunch of flowers , and substitute ' door ' with trapdoor , bouncer , cave - in , cliff , or high - maintenance girlfriend .
When you get right down to it , virtually any puzzle could fit into the category , and the puzzles in most adventure games , even commercial ones , can be 60 - 100 % Use Key To Open Door .
Why People Do It
No 1920s moustache - twirling Hollywood villain ever sat down and wrung his hands in glee with the intention of turning adventure games into endless chains of boring courier quests .
The glut of Use Key To Open Door came about unconsciously , quite naturally , through the gradual simplification of the adventure game interface .
Think back to the very early days of gaming , and the very first adventure format of all -- the text adventure , which assumed a certain amount of literary - mindedness on the part of the player .
Rather than expressing one 's desire to execute a certain action through symbolic clicks and drags , this desire had to be expressed much more deliberately with written instructions .
In well - designed interactive fiction , the text parser is a direct bridge between your mind and your avatar 's actions .
In poorly - designed IF , it all descends into endless games of ' Guess What Word I'm Thinking Of ' , but that 's not the point .
The real issue is that few IF text parsers let the player get away with a command like ' Use X on Y ' .
It would require you to be a lot more specific than that , and would frequently say so .
It was n't enough to just say 'use rope on tree ' , because that could mean anything .
Put the rope at the base of the tree , rub the rope against the tree , give the rope to the tree as a peace offering … no , it was ' tie rope to tree ' we were looking for .
You 'd never find yourself trying to use your every inventory item on every hotspot in a text adventure -- if the solution was n't obvious as soon as the objects came to hand , you just were n't smart enough .
Bad luck .
Game wins .
Technology moved on a wee bit and graphical adventures became the hot topic .
Sierra got into the act with their Something Quests .
The text parser remained , simplified a touch , but in most cases it still would n't let you get away with ' use flask on monster ' .
And then , of course , came the mouse - driven adventures .
Suddenly keyboards were for the old fogeys , and we were surfing a wave of bright new technology .
Unfortunately , developers were then handed the problem of translating the concept of the command line into a mouse interface , and the most obvious solution was the verb button system .
At first , to do justice to the wealth of commands available to the IF player , interfaces generally just featured an absolute horde of buttons .
I think it was Return to Zork that produced a button for every conceivable use of a particular object .
Of course , there had to be restrictions , and the number of possible verbs that could be associated with the inventory were whittled down fast .
Maniac Mansion brought the options down to four : ' use ' , ' unlock ' , ' fix ' and ' give ' .
By Monkey Island 2 , only the 'use ' and ' give ' inventory commands survived among a total of nine verbs overall .
Each generation struck off more and more verbs that were deemed unnecessary , and soon there was no room for more than one inventory command .
Finally , games like Beneath A Steel Sky showed us how low we could go -- three solitary actions were available .
' Look ' , generic ' Interact ' , and generic ' Use Inventory Item ' .
And that , of course , became the root of Use Key To Open Door .
With only one command for using the inventory , puzzles could be solved by trial and error , and the dreaded ' use everything on everything ' syndrome followed .
The adventure game just did n't reward logic like it used to -- many times I 've used an object on a hotspot randomly and been completely surprised by what the player character does with it .
That 's not the idea .
I 'm supposed to be coming up with the solution myself , damn it .
We might as well just be putting keys in doors for all the thinking we have to do .
How To Avoid It
I 'm sick of calling it 'use everything on everything ' , so I 'm going to give it an official name .
From now on , it 's called Keyring Syndrome .
Make a note of it .
The name implies that playing is like standing at a door with a bunch of keys patiently trying them all to see which one fits .
This is what we 're trying to get away from .
Our assignment now is to use more puzzles that rely less on the ' get A from B use it on C to get D use it on E to get F ' ad nauseum procession , so that a degree of logic on the player 's part once again becomes necessary .
So , what are the alternatives ?
There are more phases you could add to the inventory item use process .
Perhaps the ' key ' needs to be combined with another object first , or treated in some way in another location , before it can be used ( e.g. tying a comb to a bit of string to act as a little grappling hook in The Pandora Directive ) .
Taking it from the other angle , maybe something has to be done to the ' door ' first ( e.g. coercing the founding fathers to light a fire in Day of the Tentacle before you can stick a rug over the chimney ) .
But neither removes Keyring Syndrome entirely .
What we are overlooking here are puzzles that do not require any inventory items at all , completely curtailing the ritual of fiddling with the contents of your bottomless pockets .
At the most basic level , merely having someone Interact with a hotspot to solve a problem is n't going to stump anyone , especially not with today 's minimalist approach to verb lists , but there are so many other possibilities .
Here are a few that spring to mind :
- Dialogue puzzles , where you have to select the right conversation options to bring an NPC around to your way of thinking , such as talking to the electronics shopkeeper in Under A Killing Moon .
- ' Obscure Knowledge ' puzzles .
Telling the player through hints of varying subtlety a secret code required to open a door , or a secret action far too obscure for them to think of by themselves , such as in Full Throttle when you are advised to kick a particular section of wall .
- Exploration puzzles .
Making new possibilities arise after the player examines certain things , or visits certain rooms .
There are numerous examples in the Broken Sword games where the player looks at a hotspot , and from then on can discuss it with a relevant NPC , sometimes even coercing them into action .
- Timed puzzles .
Pressing a button in room A causes something in room B to activate for a limited time , giving the player a short period to figure out what they 're supposed to be doing .
For example , distracting the old woman near the beginning of Hook in order to pinch her dirty laundry ( this being perfectly acceptable behaviour among pirates ) .
Of course , these are just off the top of my head , and there could be many other additions to this list that escape me at the moment .
One puzzle that I can't seem to fit into any of the above categories is the puzzle involving the cliff and the rock catapult arrangement in Secret of Monkey Island .
That 's exactly the sort of thing I 'm talking about -- just a simple sequence of pushes and pulls combined with a degree of logical thought , and we 've got a clever , thought - provoking puzzle that does n't even have to rely on fetch questing to challenge the player .
A Game That Does This Well
The amateur game to use as an example in this case is No-Action Jackson , the recent AG award winner by Cerebrit .
NAJ marries excellent Day of the Tentacle - esque graphics with a firm grasp of puzzle structure that is almost LucasArtsian .
The game gets away from the above - described complaint by ( a ) having a number of different objectives that can be solved in whatever order and ( b ) incorporating many puzzles which require complex interactions rather than simply throwing an inventory item at the problem .
Take for example the use of the family cat , whose path must be cleared before your torment has desirable results , or the manner in which the VCR cables must be arranged to work the TV .
So , in conclusion to this half - bright rant , it 's about time we got back to what adventures have always been about : using our brains .
It 's supposed to be one of the more intellectual of the genres , and it 's difficult to be snobby when your first person shooter friends next door are having such a good time while you stand out in the rain messing about with your keyring .
Ever since RPS ’ inception , Stardock done nothing but to do things to further endear themselves to PC Gamers .
A fountain of Gal Civ splenditude .
A move into publishing with the brilliant Sins of a Solar Empire and the looking - brilliant DemiGod .
Even pushing a gamers bill of rights .
This is simply their next step , a Master - of - Magic inspired fantasy game which they ’ve been working on for years but only finally gave it a name towards the close of the last .
It ’s time we all learned it .
It ’s Elemental : War of Magic and looks set to becoming the next PC - strategy game du jour .
We talk to Brad Wardell about it …
RPS : You ’ve talked about wanting to renovate PC - game types which have fallen by the way before – like a RPG and similar .
What made you decide that a Fantasy game was the way to go ?
Brad Wardell : I think PC gamers would like to see more turn - based strategy games .
Look at how successful Civilization IV has been as well as Galactic Civilizations .
People want to see these types of games .
A civilization - style game set in a fantasy world is something that is right up our alley and we think gamers would like to see it .
There ’s been a lot of interest in a Master of Magic style sequel over the years and Elemental I think will tap into that demand .
RPS : And , at the highest level , what ’s your aim of Elemental ?
What are you trying to make gamers feel when playing ?
Brad Wardell :
In Elemental , we want players to be able to rise up in level and eventually be powerful enough to wreak havoc on the world .
By the end of the game , they ’re a Sauron or Morgoth level of power and we want them to be able to see in detail what that means in a game .
RPS : Can you talk about the user - generated content aspect of the game .
What do these tools actually let you do ?
And , in tems of game mechanics , how do they work ?
The creation tools in spore were more about pure visual aspects , and when forigen creatures entered their game , it did n’t really matter ?
With Stardock ’s approach , I presume you ’re talking a different route .
Could you elaborate ?
Brad Wardell :
The in - game tools of Elemental are designed to let players create their own items , their own worlds , their own graphical elements to the world , their own creatures , their own races and pretty much anything else they might want to expand the game .
They ’re the same tools we use to add content to the game .
The idea is we want players to be able to create their own sub-games and sub -genres to extend replayability and keep the game always fresh and new .
They ’ll be able to control this content with the bestiary screen to essentially build their own game scenarios .
RPS : Even putting aside the USG elements , the amount of variety promised is enormously impressive .
12 factions with their own tech trees ?
Is this the next step on from Arnor ?
How has your experience with making Gal Civ worked helped you ?
Brad Wardell : Each faction in Elemental will have its own tech tree but the tech trees in Elemental are n’t comparable to Civ or GalCiv but more like Master of Orion 1 where there are only a small number of techs .
Where the variance will really take place are in the spell books which are different per team .
One of the nice things about a fantasy game is that we effectively get more options to make each faction play differently but in ways that are really cool .
RPS : What are you most excited about in 2009 ?
What are the trends and developers to watch ?
Brad Wardell : 2009 is going to be a very exciting year for gamers .
For us , the big push is integrating more and more added value into the games through the Internet .
For instance , Demigod , our upcoming strategy / RPG combo will introduce some MMO elements by letting players fight and build up characters in a persistent world .
I think you ’ll see more and more games taking advantage of the richness that Internet connectivity can bring to games .
RPS : Thanks for your time , Brad
Elemental will be entering its beta in Summer , which anyone who pre-orders is able to play .
An Android Market application has become the center of a fire storm of controversy after users accused it of wiping data from memory cards and spamming contacts .
MemoryUp Personal , distributed by eMobieStudio , is meant to optimize system memory by taking control of the Java Virtual Machine to reclaim unused memory .
Whether it actually achieves that goal has been a matter of discussion on the Android Community forum for a few weeks ; forum members have not been convinced of its actual efficacy .
This past weekend , however , reports started appearing that MemoryUp was erasing files .
According to a post at geek.com , users complained that their SD cards " were wiped totally clean . "
Other accusations grew , suggesting that MemoryUp was sending spam using onboard contact information , removing calendar items , corrupting memory and placing adware onto the G1 .
So is MemoryUp a harmful application ?
Did it actually do the things that it was accused of ?
Ars doubts the claims .
A Google spokesperson told Ars that it has investigated MemoryUp and determined that it is not malware , stating , " In the versions we tested , Memory Up cannot perform any of the malicious things it is reported to have done . "
As ReadWriteWeb points out , the MemoryUp application required no special installation privileges .
If these privileges were not granted during installation , it remains unlikely that the software would be able to work its way around Android 's security sandboxing to do the things it has been accused of doing .
Google told Ars that Android was designed " to minimize the impact of poorly programmed or malicious applications on the device . "
The Android sandbox limits an application 's interaction with user data , system resources , and with other applications on the device .
To be fair , I 've been told by Android developer Disconnect of andblogs .
net that deleting files from SD cards would not require special permissions , but Google insiders , speaking off the record , reinforce that MemoryUp simply did not do so .
What is clear , though , is that MemoryUp Personal has not been a popular release .
Its reviews in the Marketplace have been almost universally negative , with many questioning its effectiveness and ability to produce the results that it lays claim to .
The product was widely disliked , and it engendered a lot of negative feeling both in the Marketplace and in community forums .
Peter Liu , the MemoryUp developer , told Register Hardware that the allegations were not disruptive and that the rumors were unfounded .
Robert Lee , of MemoryUp , when contacted by Ars , stated that MemoryUp is a simple application that does not use permissions to access user data , SD Cards or connect to the Internet .
Open versus closed
The biggest fallout so far for the MemoryUp situation has been the discussion of whether the Android Marketplace should adopt a review model similar to Apple 's App Store .
In App Store , products must conform to strict security , usability , and appropriateness guidelines before they 're allowed to be sold .
The Marketplace , in contrast , has provided an open forum for all comers .
With lingering questions about MemoryUp , which has now been pulled from the Marketplace , some voices are asking whether Android Marketplace should adopt some sort of screening criteria before allowing applications to reach distribution channels .
Should Google adopt the Apple model ?
Google set up MarketPlace to provide the most accessible distribution network possible .
Google 's philosophy is this : " [ W ]e feel that developers should have an open and unobstructed environment to make their content available . "
The open market philosophy is based on the idea of self correction , that users will promote the best items and police the bad ones without adding the kind of oversight layer required by Apple .
The Google spokesperson told us that when " an application is deemed harmful or inappropriate , users can flag it , give it a low rating , leave a detailed comment , and of course , remove it from their device .
Once flagged by users , applications are reviewed and harmful or inappropriate applications are removed from the Market .
Abusive developers can also be blocked from using the Android Market for repeated or egregious violations of our policies . "
It 's a philosophy that is both appealing and fraught with possible problems .
As BoingBoing predicted back in August , " [ O ] ne wonders if Google is setting themselves up for a logistical nightmare here : if developers can put through malicious code with no fail check , Google might spend more time pulling down apps than it would actually take to approve them individually and put them up . "
Please note that Apple 's review process has been inconsistent in its application .
Individual review and approval does not guarantee that malicious software would ( or could ) be caught before it hit the App Store shelves .
It seems unlikely that MemoryUp Personal caused the problems it has been accused of , yet the entire situation has thrown a spotlight onto the way Android Market works .
To date , we 've seen a rapid community response that validates the ability of the Marektplace to self correct .
Unfortunately , that response seems to have been to an imaginary threat .
Now police are investigating their own murder mystery drama – after refusing to rule out the possibility that the stunt may have been an attempt to bump off the actor by a jealous rival .
Celebrities Hit D.C. For Obama Inauguration ( Photos )
Slated to be the most expensive and well attended presidential inauguration in history , it has also become a magnet for Hollywood celebrities .
The A - listers have flocked to Washington D.C. to take in all of the festivities .
Kick off events included the Latino Gala , A New Birth of Citizenship Kick - Off , The Radio One Celebration , We Are One Concert and we have n't begun to scratch the surface ... it is just like the Oscars with all the glitz , glam and parties .
Celebrities attending and performing included Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony , Garth Brooks , Bruce Springsteen , Ben Affleck , Bon Jovi , Bono , Jennifer Nettles , Jamie Foxx and Beyonce .
Check out photos below .
Demi Moore directed a celebrity video : The Presidential Pledge .
Photos : WENN
Marcus Schrenker : Pilot Fakes Distress Call , On The Run ( Photo , Video )
The president of Heritage Wealth Management , 38 year oldfaked a distress call from his six - seater Piper PA - 36 and then parachuted to safety before the plane crashed at 9:15 p.m. into a swampy area of the Florida Panhandle near East Milton on Sunday evening , January 11 , 2009 .
Schrenker , bound for Destin , Florida , told air traffic controllers that the window of his plane had imploded and he was bleeding profusely .
That call came in when the aircraft was about 35 miles southwest of Birmingham .
The pilot was instructed to divert to Pell City , Alabama but he did not respond .
The plane was put on autopilot at approximately 2,000 feet .
The military dispatched aircraft to intercept the plane , and personnel who caught up to the aircraft noted that the plane door was open .
They followed it until it crashed .
Authorities have since determined that the missing Indiana pilot appears to have intentionally abandoned the plane by parachute with the intention of faking his own death .
He approached a Childersburg policeman at 2:26 a.m. Monday morning and said that he had been in a canoeing accident .
The officer drove Schrenker to a nearby hotel , noting it odd that the man had flying goggles around his neck .
Later , after hearing about the missing pilot , the officer went back to the hotel and discovered that Schrenker had fled .
According to the Harpersville hotel manager , the man had used an alias and had paid cash and a short while later was seen running into the woods next to the hotel .
Schrenker apparently retrieved a red 2008 Yamaha street bike with saddlebags that he had stashed in a rental storage unit near his planned parachute drop zone .
According to the owner of the storage facility , someone in a brown truck dropped off the bike over the weekend , indicating that it would be picked up on Monday .
The transaction was with cash and under a false name .
According to neighbor and friend , Tom Britt , the father of three children was served with divorce papers a few days ago by his wife Michelle Schrenker .
He also recently suffered the loss of his father .
Britt believes that things were closing in around the financial planner .
According to the Milwaukee Examiner , a judgment was issued on Friday against Marcus Schrenker 's Heritage Wealth Management Inc .
A federal court judge ordered Schrenker to pay $ 533,564 to OM Financial Life Insurance Company .
The default judgment was from a lawsuit against Schrenker and his company for failing to pay back unearned commissions they received for OM Financial products .
Check out a photos from the crash site as well as a video that Schrenker , an accomplished pilot , put on YouTube in December 2008 showing a plane stunt in the Bahamas .
UPDATE : Marcus Schrenker apprehended .
Crash photo : Miami Herald
Crash photo two : CBS
Israeli volunteers clear debris from a house destroyed by a Kassam rocket fired from Gaza in Sderot , January 4 , 2009 .
Palestinians continued to fire rockets from Gaza as Israeli troops pushed deeper into Gaza .
( UPI Photo / Debbie Hill ) | License Photo
Palestinian relatives cry during the funeral of five children and their mother ( Batran family ) killed during Israeli strikes at the Bureij Refugee Camp in southern Gaza city on January 17 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
An old Palestinian man sits on rubble of his house that was destroyed in an Israeli air strike in the town of Rafah in southern Gaza on January 18 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
Israeli soldiers work on tanks after returning to Israel from the Gaza Strip , January 19 , 2009 .
Israeli officials say they plan to pull all their troops out of Gaza by U.S. President - elect Barack Obama 's inauguration on January 20th , but only if Hamas militants hold their fire .
( UPI Photo / Debbie Hill ) | License Photo
Palestinians look at an unexploded bomb dropped by the Israeli Airforce in Rafah near the Gaza Strip 's border with Egypt on January 18 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
An Israeli soldier sleeps in a staging area after returning to Israel from the Gaza Strip , January 19 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Debbie Hill ) | License Photo
JERUSALEM , Jan. 22 ( UPI ) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said Thursday he welcomed the Gaza cease - fire but the future " in a severely uncertain region " was hard to predict .
He said Southern Israel must be kept free of the threat of rocket attacks and he hopes the quiet times will continue but warned that the situation with Hamas was still volatile , the Jerusalem Post reported .
Advertisement
" In this confrontation , at the end of the day , " the prime minister said , " we all lose . "
Jan. 28 , 2009  --
Federal prosecutors are accusing the mayor of Gulfport , Miss . and his wife of trying to enrich themselves at the public 's expense in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
A 16 - count indictment accuses Gulfport Mayor Gregory Brent Warr and his wife , Laura Jean Warr , of bilking FEMA , federal housing officials and an insurance company of $ 222,798.10 .
The funds allegedly were sought in connection with damages to a family residence that took place during the massive hurricane .
" It was part of the conspiracy that the defendants would by deceit , craft , trick and dishonest means , submit false information and statements regarding the place of residence of themselves and their family at the time of Hurricane Katrina , " the indictment states .
The government alleges that the couple said they were requesting funds for repairs to a home that was their primary residence , when , in fact , it was not .
If convicted , the Warrs face a maximum 210 years in prison and fines up to $ 4 million .
Mayor
Warr issued a statement in response , saying , " We have entered a plea of not guilty .
Out of respect for the justice system and the government , I will not speak further about the claim made against us . "
Warr also promised the work of the city would go on while he fights the charges .
" My fundamental mission as mayor , since Aug. 29 , 2005 , has been to return this city to greatness , and today Gulfport is absolutely on the right track to greatness , " Warr said .
" Understand that what has been alleged toward my wife and me has no connection to me as mayor .
This has not and will not change my commitment to the progress and recovery of our city . "
The mayor had been in office less than two months when Katrina hit , and he met with President George W. Bush when he traveled to Gulfport in Sept. 2005 .
A year later , Bush singled him out in remarks he made during a trip to the region for the one - year anniversary of the storm .
Warr and his wife are two of more than 1,200 people charged in connection with Hurricane Katrina - related fraud .
ABC News ' Karen Travers contributed to this report .
BEIJING , China ( CNN ) -- China in 1978 was stranded at a political crossroad .
It was just emerging from the chaos of the Cultural Revolution and the death of Chairman Mao .
Deng Xiaoping had emerged as the new leader , but Mao 's dogma remained deep - rooted and seemingly immutable .
In and outside the Communist Party , a debate raged : Where to , China ?
CNN Beijing Bureau Chief Jaime FlorCruz worked on a farm in China 's Hunan province during the 1970s .
On December 18 , 1978 , Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping gave his answer .
In a Communist Party meeting in Beijing that day , the political elite adopted Deng 's pragmatic program and launched economic reforms .
New China was born .
People paraded in the streets to celebrate .
Families gathered around the dinner table , uncorked wine bottles and toasted each other .
Thirty years hence , China 's radical makeover is apparent .
China now is nothing short of an economic miracle .
Its economy has grown at an average of 9.8 percent since 1978 , making it the fourth largest economy in the world .
Incredibly , China has pulled off the equivalent of reform , renaissance and industrial revolution in 30 years .
Watch what Deng unleashed »
It 's incredible because only three decades ago China was so poor and isolated .
I saw it up close when I worked on a farm in Hunan province , Chairman Mao's hometown , not long after I first arrived in China in 1971 .
For several months , I worked there with a production team planting rice , picking tea leaves , feeding pigs and digging ditches .
Farmers worked hard and lived Spartan lives .
Once , I attended a meeting to honor model workers ; they were awarded bath towels and wash basins .
Watch FlorCruz describe China 's transformation since his arrival in 1971 »
Do n't Miss China celebrates 30 years of economic reform
Today , my Hunan workmates have retired or changed jobs .
The farm has disbanded , hit by the squeeze in state subsidies and by local and global competition .
It has sold off its land to the local government and to real estate developers .
Watch as China marks 30 years of reform »
Thirty years ago , there was little international trade .
There were few tourists and few cars , but there were millions of bicycles on the streets .
Now the streets are jammed with cars , and the air is polluted with fumes , grit and noise .
Beijing 's neighborhoods used to be very quiet .
Residents lived simple lives mostly in walled courtyards .
A seven - or eight - story building was considered unusually high .
Now they are dwarfed by skyscrapers which house fancy shopping malls and outlets like McDonald 's , KFC and Starbucks .
Fashion used to be just as simple , and utilitarian Regulation attire was the so - called Mao jackets in blue , green and gray and baggy pants of the same colors .
The unisex look was the norm .
Now street fashion is varied and colorful , if not always chic .
Virtually everyone had a job 30 years ago , but they earned little money , and there was little to buy .
Supplies of basic commodities were so tight that residents were doled out ration coupons , required to go with cash to buy cotton jackets and clothes , grain , and cooking oil .
No coupons , no transaction .
Consumers in the late seventies coveted the so - called " four big things " -- a radio , a bicycle , a sewing machine and a wristwatch .
And they were available only in special shops , like the Friendship Store .
Now the new " big things " would include a Mercedes Benz , an apartment and a week - long vacation in Bali or Hawaii .
All this would have been inconceivable 30 years ago .
But Deng Xiaoping did conceive .
Fondly remembered as the " chief architect " of China 's reform and open - door program , he envisioned a modern , prosperous China and pointed the way forward .
Deng 's reforms set off a series of seismic changes , starting in the countryside with the disbanding of the people 's communes .
He admonished farmers to work hard and get rich .
The farmers responded enthusiastically .
Later , Deng shifted the reform to the cities by experimenting with capitalism in designated Special Economic Zones and then spreading it nationwide .
Deng 's reform was hailed as a Second revolution .
When I worked as a reporter for Time Magazine ( 1982-2000 ) the magazine honored him as Time 's Man of the Year -- not just once but twice .
There was opposition along the way .
There was backlash from the Left and from the Right , as China oscillated from free - wheeling capitalism to puritanical communism .
That 's why there were political campaigns in and outside the party , like the one against " bourgeois liberalization " in the 1980s .
And that was largely why the Tiananmen protests happened in 1989 .
China has come a long way , but in my interviews with Deng 's political successors , they made it clear that China will have to proceed cautiously and change step by step .
" Cross the river while feeling the pebbles under the water , " was the aphorism proposed by the former premier Zhao Ziyang .
Why the caution ?
When I interviewed then President Jiang Zemin in 1999 , he explained why .
" There is no encyclopedia that China could simply copy and follow , " he said .
China 's reforms have brought about remarkable achievements , but they also triggered unintended consequences : rising unemployment , growing income gaps , environmental degradation , corruption , rising criminality and social unrest .
China has done the easy part .
Now comes the hard part .
China is facing the ripple effects of the global economic downturn : Chinese exports are declining , factories are closing down , workers are laid off en masse .
China 's leaders are facing one of the worst economic crises in 30 years .
It will take 30 years and more for China to find the right development model so it could change steadily without losing its national identity , ruining its environment and disrupting social and political harmony .
Only then can they fully realize Deng Xiaoping 's goal of a modern and prosperous China .
All About China • Deng Xiaoping • Communism
Mozilla Patches 8 Security Flaws
Mozilla has released software updates to fix at least 8 security vulnerabilities ( 3 critical bugs ) in its Firefox software for the Windows , Linux , Mac and other platforms .
You can now download Firefox version 3.0.5 .
This update has been rated as having important security impact .
ADVERTISEMENTS
What ’s new in Firefox 3.0.5
Fixed several security issues .
Fixed several stability issues .
Official releases for the Bengali , Esperanto , Galician , Hindi , and Latvian languages are now available .
Replaced the End - User License Agreement with a new “ Know Your Rights ” info bar on initial install .
When installing multiple signed XPIs simultaneously , previous versions of Firefox would fail .
Fixed several issues found in the accessibility implementation .
Added the ability to send OS - specific system notes in the crash reporter .
How do I update Firefox software under Windows or Mac OS X ?
Firefox ’s auto - update feature should automatically download new updates , and users will be prompted to restart the browser to complete the process .
Linux user should use their package management tool to apply updates or simply download and install Firefox using these instructions .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Gordon Brown was interrupted by his own mobile phone while addressing political and business leaders in Davos .
The prime minister 's mobile rang twice during his speech at the World Economic Forum , leading Mr Brown to note that the caller was " persistent " .
But he disappointed his audience by not disclosing the caller 's identity .
The incident revealed that Mr Brown uses an old Nokia ringtone on his phone - made famous by comedian Dom Joly on his satirical show Trigger Happy TV .
Shortly into his speech about the global economic crisis in Switzerland , a phone started ringing .
The prime minister admitted : " I am afraid it is my phone . "
When asked by a reporter who was calling , he replied : " I am not telling you . "
When the phone rang again a few seconds later , the prime minister turned it off .
In his speech , Mr Brown stressed the world must " come together " to deal with the stark economic challenges it faced .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Happy New Year and welcome to your new job .
One that pays 30 % , 50 % , 70 % less than your old one .
That 's right :
With more than three job seekers for every opening , more workers are having to take significant pay cuts to find employment .
" For people who have been laid off , this is obviously a buyer 's market , " said Ravin Jesuthasan , a managing principal at Towers Perrin .
" We 're seeing pay levels in new positions coming down . "
In fact , 63 % of unemployed workers said they would be willing to accept a job offer that pays less than their previous job , according to a recent survey conducted by the National Employment Law Project .
Still , only 37 % of respondents expressed high confidence in finding a job in the next four months despite being willing to make such a sacrifice .
Nearly 2 million jobs were lost in 2008 and economists say the unemployment rate , which stands at 6.7 % , will continue to rise into 2010 .
" People realize that this is a different environment , said Jeff Joerres , chairman and CEO of employment services firm Manpower .
" People are more anxious and are willing to secure something even if it is less . "
Shaun Chedister , 30 , is one of those people .
Chedister was laid off from his job at Washington Mutual at the end of last year .
After eight months of actively looking for work to help support his wife and four children , he accepted an offer from Ernst & Young even though the new position as an executive administrator paid less than half of what he was making before .
" My unemployment had run out , and I had to get something , " he explained .
But the adjustment to making $ 66,000 a year from $ 125,000 has been hard .
" For the last four to five years I 'd been making six figures , " Chedister said .
" My lifestyle had been at a certain level . "
Now Chedister said he 's looking for a more affordable home .
Last week one of the family 's cars was repossessed after he got behind on the payments .
" It could be worse , " he said , I could still be unemployed . "
Often the hardest part of accepting a pay cut is the change in lifestyle that goes along with it , says Manpower 's Joerres .
" When you recalibrate your earnings expectations that means you have to recalibrate your lifestyle as well . "
And for those living paycheck to paycheck , that can mean having to move , sell possessions or give up everyday extravagances such as cable TV or phone service .
After Jarrod Posner , 34 , was laid off from his $ 110,000 - a- year job as a mortgage lender for D.R. Horton , he had to change careers to find employment .
After months of looking he took a job as an enrollment counselor at the University of Phoenix - a position that paid $ 33,000 .
" I was actually thankful because I was getting a job , but at the same time my wife and I realized we had to make a lot of lifestyle changes , " Posner said .
Since then , the Posners , who have two children , foreclosed on their home , moved into a rental property , downgraded from two cars to one and learned how to budget , he said .
They 've also given up their telephone and cable TV package .
" All the little luxuries we do n't enjoy anymore , " he said .
Despite the dramatic downsizing that came with a 70 % salary reduction , " I 'm kind of happy , " Posner said .
" It 's nice to know that I have pretty steady employment . "
Have you recently taken a job despite it paying significantly less than your previous position ?
E-mail you story to realstories@cnnmoney.com and you could be included in an upcoming article .
If there 's one thing we 've heard repeatedly from content owners when it comes to user - generated content , it 's that there 's no need to worry ; fair use would be respected .
But Kevin Lee 's story shows just how many problems remain with the content owners ' use of DMCA takedown notices , and the chilling effects that such notices can have on speech .
Lee is a film critic and blogger perhaps best known at the moment for watching the 1,000 best films ever made and writing about them at his website .
As part of his work , he has evolved an online video essay format that uses film clips like a professor might , as part of his criticism and commentary .
Each essay was short , but Lee eventually uploaded more than five hours of such material to YouTube .
After YouTube passed on a third DMCA notice this week , though , the company disabled his account and removed all his work .
The problems began a few years back , when Lee uploaded some short ( 1 - 3 minutes ) , but unedited film clips .
He tells
Ars that he was using them " to illustrate points I was making in my blog entries on those films , " but the clips themselves were simply copied from the films in question .
They attracted DMCA takedown notices , which Lee did not contest , apparently on the belief that the brief but unedited clips might in fact be infringing .
Lee eventually moved to the video essay format , where he edits clips together and comments on them , making his work much more obviously critical in nature ; even an outside observer who did n't read Lee 's blog should realize that these were bits of film criticism , not simple reposts of films or film clips .
But Lee 's recent essay on the film ... And God Created Woman attracted a third DMCA takedown notice from the rightsholder .
YouTube duly passed it along to Lee , but since this was his " third strike , " it also shut down his account .
" Unfortunately , " Lee told Ars in an e-mail , " the first instance of a claim on a video that I felt absolutely qualified as fair use was also the ' third strike ' against my account , so my account was disabled before I could file a counternotice . "
Overzealous ?
Under the DMCA , the mere filing of a counternotice would be enough to get the work reposted .
If a rightsholder continued to feel that the work was infringing , the case would have to go before a judge .
Lee says that his opinion of YouTube has changed .
" This development removes any belief I have in YouTube as a place that values the work I do , " he says .
" Clearly , their priority is legal self - protection over making provisions for something that can be deemed of legitimate cultural value . "
Lee plans to upload his work to another video - sharing site , and he might try YouTube again under a different account — but this time he would file DMCA counternotices immediately upon receiving a warning .
Canadian lawyer Michael Geist , opposed to a DMCA - style system for Canada , notes , " At issue here is not YouTube — they are just following the DMCA notice - and - takedown system — but rather the DMCA system itself , which regularly demonstrates the chilling effect of taking down content without any analysis of whether there is actually an infringement . "
This issue is n't just one that affects effete New York latte - sipping film critics , either ( not that Lee is any of these things ) ; the McCain campaign complained last year about the exact same issue , and how DMCA takedown notices could — even if bogus — exert a serious , chilling effect on speech .
The campaign asked for some human intervention , requesting that YouTube take a look at complaints and refuse to act on them in cases of obvious fair use .
YouTube responded with a strong " no . "
DMCA claims turn politicians into fair use advocates
YouTube Chief Counsel Zahavah Levine made two key points at the time .
The first was that having YouTube determine " fair use " claims is difficult and risky for the site .
As Levine notes , " Lawyers and judges constantly disagree about what does and does not constitute fair use .
No number of lawyers could possibly determine with a reasonable level of certainty whether all the videos for which we receive disputed takedown notices qualify as fair use . "
YouTube is not about to 1 ) spend more money and 2 ) risk its safe harbor by getting involved in such battles .
So , for now , any DMCA request will be acted upon , and it's up to the recipients of such notices to file counternotices quickly if they believe their work stands on solid legal ground .
Having one 's videos pulled from a site like YouTube is n't the end of the world , but it 's a big deal when your work depends on reaching others .
If visitors have to find your work on a new YouTube channel or another video - sharing site , if they have to change any embedded videos that they posted on their blogs , the disruption has real consequences .
Who watches the watchers ?
Lee 's case also raises questions about how rightsholders undertake the ( legitimate ) task of policing content sites like YouTube .
The content industry has issued its own set of principles that it believes should govern user - generated content , and it nods at fair use .
But cases like Lee 's continue to happen .
Another video essayist and critic , Matt Zoller Seitz , notes that using film clips in his videos has gotten harder recently .
" In the past few weeks , " he writes , " I 've seen a few of my rip - dependent video essays ( most of which I believe I could defend as fair use - exempted work ) taken off YouTube or denied publication in the first place .
For the the most part , attempts to appeal the decision appeared to have been round - filed by the company . "
It 's one thing to go after complete film clips that are five minutes , ten minutes , fifteen minutes long , and complete copies of films are obvious and totally acceptable targets for DMCA takedowns .
But given all that low - hanging fruit to pluck , it 's a mystery why the content industry continues to harrass these other sorts of use that , if anything , would drive more viewers to watch the films in question .
These kinds of short - sighted legal actions have the unintended effect of revving up opposition to all rightsholder complaints , legitimate ones included , and they encourage a disrespect for copyright .
If the content industry is serious about abiding by its own set of UGC principles , granting far more leeway in areas that simply do n't matter would go a long way toward keeping people on its side when content owners protest far more offensive practices .
Thirteen - year - old Opera has been the perennial underdog in the browser wars , but Opera 10 alpha brings some unexpected firepower to the field .
Unlike Google Chrome , Firefox 3 , or any other browser on the market except for Safari 4 Developer Preview , Opera 10 will comply fully with the Acid3 test , according to the Norwegian publisher .
( Credit : Opera Software , Inc. )
Expected to be available now for public testing , Opera 10 is powered by an update to its proprietary rendering engine .
Presto 2.2 is supposed to be 30 percent faster than Presto 2.1 , the engine driving Opera 9.5 .
Presto 2.2 , says the company , will be the basis for future versions of its mobile browsers as well as the desktop editions .
In addition to the engine improvements , the big news is that Opera 10 apparently scores 100 out of 100 on the Acid3 testing Web site .
The Web Standards Project created the Acid tests to check a range of linking and rendering abilities in browsers to encourage a standard baseline for coding .
Theoretically , sticking to the test rules should ensure that Web sites can be seen properly on any browser , while reducing development costs .
For comparison , Firefox 3.0.4 scores 71/100 , while Firefox 3.1 beta 1 hits 89/100 .
Google Chrome 0.4 earns 79/100 , while Internet Explorer 7 struggles at 14 .
These scores might be slightly different from the ones in the article linked to because of recent modifications in each browser .
Similar to the development build of Safari 4 , Opera 10 alpha does n't have many new features -- yet .
The alpha is expected to introduce on - the - fly spell checking for text fields , support for HTML formatting in Opera Mail , and an auto - update feature to force browser updates .
It 's not clear at the time of writing whether this update is something users can opt out of .
Tags
As the presidential election nears , I hear more people voicing their fear over the prospect of the other candidate winning .
People from both major parties express genuine trepidation at the thought of a world without their candidate as commander in chief .
Both sides believe we will lose our freedom if the wrong party wins .
Perhaps surprisingly , I think there 's a lesson to be learned in all this from Hollywood .
The 1994 movie Shawshank Redemption is the fictional story of Andy Dufresne , a prisoner at the infamous Shawshank Penitentiary .
One of Dufresne 's fellow inmates , Brooks Hatlen , has spent nearly his entire life in Shawshank , and has settled in to the routine and become the prison 's bookkeeper .
After a lifetime in prison , Hatlen is finally freed as an old man .
Once on the outside , Hatlen finds life beyond bars too complicated and confusing , too new , too risky .
He cannot cope with this newfound freedom after a life of bondage and , tragically , he commits suicide .
Brooks Hatlen forgot how to be free .
He became accustomed to bondage and let the yearning for freedom die within him over his long stay in the penitentiary .
Andy Dufresne , on the other hand , never let his freedom die .
While locked in Shawshank , despite oppressive and often gruesome circumstances , Dufresne 's spirit was unshakable .
He constantly cultivated the seeds of freedom in the least free setting imaginable .
When Dufresne escaped , unlike Hatlen , he embraced life in the free air and pursued his dreams .
The difference between these two men had nothing to do with their physical circumstances ; both were in prison .
Yet Andy Dufresne , even while imprisoned , was still free .
No bars or guards or hardships could take away his freedom .
Hatlen had lost his freedom , and even in the absence of physical oppression , he was still a prisoner .
An individual who wants to be free can be , no matter what the world brings .
An individual who has let the spirit of freedom die will never be free , no matter what the world brings .
The idea that freedom is simply a state of mind may sound trifling , especially when considering some of the unimaginable horrors faced by unfree peoples across the globe .
But even political freedom cannot be had without a people who keep the spirit of freedom alive within themselves ; and if they do , political freedom is often not far behind .
Lawrence Reed , president of the Foundation for Economic Education , tells an inspiring story of an underground band of freedom fighters in formerly communist Poland .
Their spirit of freedom was kept alive despite a tyrannical Communist regime .
Indeed , they not only held onto their belief in freedom , but they spread it , often at great risk to their lives .
When the Communist authorities finally announced that they were relinquishing their power the reason they gave was that the Polish people had become " ungovernable . "
No regulations , no prisons , no secret police , no propaganda , no physical or political suppression could take away the people 's freedom .
They were free , whether the government liked it or not .
Keep this in mind as America 's government changes with each election .
Remember this when you see government expanding its reach into your life .
Rather than looking to political leaders to protect or expand our freedom we should cultivate the seeds of freedom in our own spirits , and inspire others to do the same .
Nothing government can do can take away our freedom ; and if we are a people who are truly free , the government will have to follow .
This may be a first for the Mac software world , and it's not cool at all : ill - gotten copies of iWork '09 circulating on Torrent sites contain OSX .
Trojan .iServices .A , which is something you do n't want .
Advertisement
The Trojan parks itself in your / System / Library / StartupItems folder with read - write - execute root privileges - from there it can phone home to a remote server and install additional nasties throughout your system .
Right now , the only true fix is a full format and re-install , since its residual pieces can be spread far and wide .
You can spot if your particular warez iWork is infected by searching for the iWorkServices.pkg inside the installer .
Advertisement
It was spotted security software company Intego , who have identified several OS X security threats in the past .
But as far as I can tell , this is the first one to come piggybacking along with a popular software package many people are pirating ( Intego says 20,000 downloads ) .
If you 're in the demographic of folks pirating iWork '09 via BitTorrent , chances are this is as close as you 're come to getting VD from an ill - advised Southeast - Asian sex-professional liaison ( the online equivalent ) .
Still , not a good precedent to set .
[ Intego ]
Five Centuries of Board Games
Filosofia cortesana de Alonso de Barros
Il novo bello et piacevole gioco della scimia
( The new beautiful and enjoyable game of apes )
Il novo et piacevol gioco del giardin d'amore
( The new and enjoyable game of the garden of love )
Il nuovo et piacevole gioco dell ocha
( The new and enjoyable game of the goose )
Nuovo et Piacevole Gioco detto il Barone
(? The baron 's new and pleasant game )
Il Nuovo et Piacevole Giuoco del Biribisse
( The new and pleasant game of biribisse )
Il gioco del aquila
( The game of the eagle )
Zuogh dal cacciator
(? [..] hunters )
Karten Lotterie Spiel
( Lottery tickets )
Game of the Goose
Il Dilettevole Gioco del ' Oca
( The Delightful Game of the Goose )
Il novo e piacevole gioco del pela il chiu
( known as : ' pluck the owl ' )
Jagd - Spiel
( Game of the hunt )
Le Nouveau jeu de la marine
( The new navy game )
[ spliced together - poorly - from two aberrant halves ]
Grand jeu du nouveau testament avec 120 figures
( Great game of the New Testament with 120 figures )
" The New Game of Emulation designed for
The Amusement of Youth of Both Sexes and
calculated to inspire their minds with an
Abhorrance of Vice and a Love of Virtue "
Musical Toy
Neues Bilder Lotterie Spiel
( New picture lottery )
Le Jeu de Paris en Miniature
Het Stoomboots Spel
( The steamboat game )
The Swan of Elegance -
A New Game Designed for the Instruction and Amuseument of Youth
The Noble Game of the Swan
[ source : sold for £ 1,645 ]
Der Bergbau
( The Working of Mines )
Die Steckenpferd Galloppade
(? The galloping hobbyhorse )
Kunst und Glück
( Art and happiness )
Giuoco dell '
Oca
( Game of the Goose )
Il Vero Giuoco della Barca
( The True Game of the Boat )
putti
A New Game - Russia versus Turkey
The Ranks to Field Marshall
Manga sugoroku
( Manga board game )
purports to
Jagd auf Kohlenklau
( Hunt the Coal Thief )
German print - game - board
British print - game - board
1940s
not
[ click on any image to go direct to the largest version ]
-----------------------
[ Later : this was not fact - checked and is , at best , only partly true : read the comments . ]
public musing
very
The International Journal for the Study of Board Games
" There are only a few basic methods of playing [ board ] games and over the past 250 years many thousands of variations have been created .
The basic methods of play come down to four types – race games , strategy games , table games and card games .
Many were originally developed for adults and were later adapted for children . [..]
The Game of Goose is generally regarded as the prototype of the modern race game .
Devised in Italy and taken from much early formats of games played in the Middle and Far East , it was first noted in England by John Wolfe in 1597 as “ the Newe and Most Pleasant Game of the Goose ” . [..]
Many of the first publishers of games were in fact cartographers and they quickly included the race game idea into game of Geography .
The spiral format was not used ; it was replaced by a map – of England and Wales , Scotland and Ireland ( collectively or individually ) , of Europe or of the world . "
Update
Etching / engraving made by Mario Cartaro in Venice in 1588 .
The game squares , numbering up to 63 , lead to the ships sailing in the centre of the board on the ' sea of suffering ' .
Etching published by Altiero Gatti in 1588 featuring numerous monkeys displaying human characteristics .
Published by Giovanni Antonio de Paoli in the 1590s , the board features two rows of game squares , the outer one displaying the virtues and the one closer to the central garden with game numbers on pairs of dice .
Engraving published by Lucchino Gargano in 1598 with the game rules in the centre and pictures of fools in each corner .
Anonymous woodcut printed board game from the second half of the 16th century , featuring a rustic military figure in the centre carrying a flag inscribed " Capitano di Baroni " .
Etching published by Giovanni Giacomo de ' Rossi between 1640 and 1690 .
The game board has numbered pictorial compartments of animals , objects and characters , repeated in smaller equivalent squares below the rules of the game .
Etching print made by Giuseppe Maria Mitelli in the 1680s .
The Imperial Eagle , surrounded by medallions depicting commanders , holds chains in its talons attached to defeated Turks .
Another Giuseppe Maria Mitelli print , dated 1699 .
There are eleven bird hunting scenes depicted .
Mitelli was an innovative and wonderful graphic artist - definitely go see : one three at Giornale Nuovo and the previous entry on BibliOdyssey ; they are all well worth seeing .
Johann Trautner made this print between about 1700 and 1710 .
The circular game - board has three concentric rings , each divided into 32 compartments : the outer ring contains instructions ; the next ring shows pictorial representations of playing cards which appear in their regular form in the inner ring , all surrounding a central domestic scene .
Simplistic spiral arrangement of game squares in an anonymous board produced in the 1700s .
Anonymous 18th century board game print from Bologna with corner drawings of ( what appear to be ) Commedia dell ' Arte figures and a central couple eyeing the goose hungrily .
As with the majority of the goose games , this board has sixty three numbered playing fields .
Humans and owls make up the majority of figures in the four concentric rings surrounding a crowned owl atop a ' triple six ' of dice .
The inscription language suggests the creator of this anonymous 18th century print comes from the north east of Italy and it may have been published in Parma by Giovanni Battista Panzera .
The 't ' and the ' p ' below the compartmented figures refer to the number of quattrini ( ' q ' ) that a player was awarded or had to pay out .
Evidently it was a popular game : prints were still being published well into the 19th century .
Generally speaking , people purchased their games as prints on paper and fastened them to a board or a hard surface in their own home ( ie . this was the case for the majority of game boards : it 's obviously cheaper to buy them unmounted ) Published by Johann Raab in Nuremberg in the late 18th century , this print is described in the notes as a hand - coloured lithograph .
I think it 's more likely a woodblock print , given the fairly unsophisticated quality and the fact that lithography was only invented in 1796 .
* shrug *Hand - coloured etching from the 1790s filled with nautical terms and associated illustrations .
Perhaps the British ship in the central scene could be sunk at the end of the game ?
I can't quite read the rules .
I recall this etching from 1800 was accompanied by two other similarly ' busy ' sections and the complete print appears to offer three different games in the single layout .
Nothing evokes the prospect of commercial success quite like the combination of religion , education and gambling .
Linen - backed , hand - coloured etching , published by John Harris in London in 1804 .
Circular game - board with 66 numbered pictorial compartments , some illustrating moral scenes , the last compartment showing an angel .
Etching published by John Hatchard and John Harris in 1811 .
Circular game board with lines of musical notation , divided into 12 segments , with scales in the centre .
Anonymous print from about 1810 to 1820 .
Game - board with 80 pictorial compartments , arranged in 8 rows of 10 , depicting flowers , animals characters and various objects , with instructions beneath .
Game board etching published in 1815 by Veuve Chéreau .
Features ninety numbered pictorial compartments , each depicting a shop sign in Paris , with a literal interpretation of its name , a description of what it sells and its address ; the winning square is ' Au Retour d'Astrée ' ; in the centre the rules .
Dutch design published in Paris by A. Daane between 1810 and 1825 .
The covering of the paddle wheel bears the steamboat 's name or the cities between which it operated , ' Rotterdam en Dort . '
( Dort or Dordt is the informal name of the city of Dordrecht ) .
John Harris published this linen - backed , hand - coloured etching in 1814 .
Each of the game board 's compartment shows a child engaged in a moral or an immoral deed .
A twelve page rulebook had four lines of verse explaining each scene .
The medaliions in each corner represent Apollo , Minerva , Wisdom and Genius .
Another linen - backed etching - presumably for the children of the elite - from 1821 , published in London by William Darton .
The nineteen compartments of the swan game board includes the British Museum ( No. 3 ) .
The game board came complete with a rule book , an etching of some swans and a slip case .
" The Noble Game of the Elephant and Castle or Travelling in Asia Combining Amusement and Instruction for Youth of Both Sexes .
A hand - coloured etching and engraving mounted on linen showing an elephant with scenes of Asia on his Howdah and trappings -- 19 ½in. ( 50 cm . ) by 15 ½in. ( 40 cm . ) in original slip case with coloured label showing an elephant under a palm tree , published by William Darton , 58 Holborn Hill 1822 " Hand - coloured lithograph , pasted onto marbled board from the mid-1800s .
Game - board showing a cross-section of a mine and the network of tunnels leading down from 6 buildings , along the tunnels , various numbers which represent ore .
Accompanied by 5 of an original 6 tokens in the form of miners , a rule sheet and an oblong box in which are small squares of glass , possibly originally used as counters .
Kept in an embossed box with gold margins and bearing a printed label with an illustraion of a mine and the title in German , and beneath the lower margin , in French and English .
Game - board print by Johann Benedikt Wunder from the 19th century with 60 numbered compartments arranged in a spiral .
Several compartments show various scenes , and a number of compartments show a hobby horse ; the central compartment shows Minerva pointing at a folly (? ) , figures in each corner : top left , a child on a hobby horse waving a sword , top right an old man on a hobby horse also waving a sword , bottom right , a man with a searchlight , bottom left , a fool .
19th century anonymous game board etching with 16 compartments , numbered from 3 - 18 , numbers 3 to 16 showing literary characters arranged in a square , with two larger central compartments , showing Dlle Sonntag and Signor Paganini .
Accompanied by a letterpress rule sheet in French and German .
An 1872 Italian lithograph published by Lebrun - Boldetti & co with a goose in each corner in a compromising position .
Anonymous late 19th century game board lithograph of two sailors in a boat within a ring bearing numbers and shellfish .
There arein each corner of the board and letterpress instructions beneathHand - coloured anonymous etching published in Paris ( for the Englsh market ) between 1875 and 1895 .
The folding game - board has 55 numbered compartments ( numbered both forwards and in reverse ) arranged in two rough spirals of water , each emanating from a port - the Turkish port on the left and the Russian on the right , with associated ships , harbours , forts and sandbanks .
First World War board game with portraits of George V and Field Marshals French and Kitchener .
Anonymous artist .
Manufactured in Britain as a process print on a board .
Print artist Okamoto Ippei's colour lithograph from 1929 featured as a supplement to the Japanese magazine , ' Shufu no Tomo ' ( Housewife 's Friend ) .
The board game ( ) illustrate the life choices of a young modern woman .
Very rare propaganda board game print published by Lepthian - Schiffers in the 1930s that sought to promote economy in the use of raw materials in Germany .
Untitled anti-British World War II propaganda shipping race board game published by F Westenberger in about 1940 .
Anonymous and untitled , this lithograph was published in the* .
Notably absent from the curator 's notes are the terms ' anti- German ' and ' propaganda ' .
Just an observation .
Brett points out in the comments that the figures depicted in this game print date to WWI andWWII - the British Museum are changing their notes .
Except where noted , all these board game prints were sourced from the British Museum Prints Database ( search on " game - board " in the free text area towards the bottom and tick the images box - there are several hundred images available )
All the captions above are quoted or were derived from the curator 's notes at the British Museum site .
I 'm not a historian although I did start a history course ( incomplete ) some years ago .
I remember reading a book about the industrial revolution and was impressed with the author 's research .
Specifically , I recall that in assessing the impact of industrialisation on the quality of life in childhood they included a copy of a shire pharmacy ledger that listed sales of medicines .
The quantities of laudanum ( heroin derivative ) sold over a given period of time was staggering .
But the really impressive aspect - just in terms of smart thinking - was that the author showed that the graph of sales of the drug correlated fairly well with the infant mortality rate .
Destitute people found it cheaper to spend what little they had on a ' medicine ' to quieten their starving children rather than buying them food .
Something like two out of every three kids did n't make it to the age of five years ( that 's surely inaccurate but it's in the ballpark range ) .
That little memory came back to me while I was trawling through these board game prints because , like the pharmacy ledger , the prints seem to me to contain a wealth of indirect evidence about things like customs and social status and attitudes to education and maybe a whole lot more besides .
No , it 's not atom splitting and it's perhaps quite logical to most people and second nature to historians .
That does n't detract , for me , from the elegant thinking I see in deciding to sift through a pile of otherwise inconsequential illustrated material to learn more about history .
That sort of detective work makes history more appealing , more alive somehow .
I am going to have to cut thisshort .
My regular beast has contracted anasty virus which may yet have destroyed the hard drive 's contents .
For all our sakes , let 's hope not .
Time to look for a cure .
I wonder where I can get hold of some laudanum ?
In the meantime , a few little excerpts from the ' The Development of the English Board Game , 1770 - 1850 ' by Caroline G. Goodfellow IN : .
There are a few articles and extracts available as pdfs .
The cited article is well worth downloading , if only for the nice prints included .
If ' things ' go well , I may yet find - and add - some more relevant links .
Or not . : Closely related : New exhibition site ( March 2009 ) at BNF {en français} : ** Jeux de Princes , Jeux de Vilains **
Abstract for English readers :
This article describes an implementation of a purely functional , monadic parser combinator library in PLT Scheme .
With this library , one can easily build non-ambiguous , recursive - descent style parsers for string of characters , input port , or even list of tokens generated by a separate lexer process .
To accomodate parse failure , i.e. , to perform backtracking , this library makes use of srfi-40 's stream .
One of the benefits of this approach is that backtracking will be enabled automatically on input ports , where one cannot always move the current port position backwards .
Sources :
parser.ss
json.ss ( example parser )
ここ最近ジェネレータによる HTML パーサーの開発に取り組んでいたんですが、オプショナルな閉じタグの扱いが非常に困難であることが分かり、暗礁に乗り上げました。
そこで目先を変えまして 、Haskell のテキストを読んで別なアプローチの解析技術を学んでみました。
これまで私が作ろうとしていたのは終端項から調べてツリーを組み上げていく、ボトムアップ式のパーサーであったのですが、それとは対照的な、トップダウン式の「パーサー・コンビネーター」と呼ばれるテクニックです。
解析したい言語の文法 ( 生成規則 ) を、小さなパーサーの組み合わせによって記述するというもので、非常に簡単かつエレガントにパーサーを作ることができます。
以下ライブラリの実装を示していきますが、先に感じを掴んでいただくためにパーサーの定義例をお見せしましょう。
( define paragraph ( doP ( tag <- ( open - tag ' p ) ) ( body <- ( many inline ) ) ( end - tag / opt ' p ) ( return ( append tag body ) ) ) )
P タグのパーサーの例です。最初に開きタグがあり、次
に0個以上のインライン要素があり、閉じタグは無いかもしれない、という文法をそのまま直感的に記述しています。
Haskell のモナドの >>= と return 関数を作り、その上に doP 構文を被せることで、ややこしい部分は地下に埋め込まれ、このようなシンプルな記述ができるようになっています。
( require scheme / control scheme / function srfi/8 srfi/40 mzlib/etc ) ( define ( sequence -> stream seq ) ( cond ( ( stream ?
seq ) seq ) ( ( list ? seq ) ( list -> stream seq ) ) ( ( string ?
seq ) ( string -> stream seq ) ) ( ( input - port ? seq ) ( port -> stream seq ) ) ( else ( error ' sequence -> stream " Invalid type : ~s " seq ) ) ) ) ( define ( list -> stream l ) ( let loop ( ( l l ) ) ( if ( null ?
l ) stream - null ( stream - cons ( car l ) ( loop ( cdr l ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( string -> stream s ) ( let ( ( len ( string - length s ) ) ) ( let loop ( ( i 0 ) ) ( if ( >= i len ) stream - null ( stream - cons ( string - ref s i ) ( loop ( ad d1 i ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( port -> stream in ) ( let loop ( ( c ( read - char in ) ) ) ( if ( eof - object ? c ) stream - null ( stream - cons c ( loop ( read - char in ) ) ) ) ) )
まず、入力形式を統一する関数です。
文字列や入力ポートなど、様々な入力に対応したいので、入力データをストリーム
( 遅延リスト ) 化することで、入力の型によらず統一的にパーサーを定義できるようにしています。
これに関しては PLT
Scheme の for 構文と部分継続 ( delimited continuation ) を活用しています 。
ストリーム化の別の利点として、入力ポート上でのバックトラックが可能になるということも挙げられるでしょう。
次にパーサーを実行する関数です。
( define ( parse p input ) ( receive ( x rest ) ( p ( sequence -> stream input ) ) ( unless ( stream - null ?
rest ) ( printf " Unparsed : ~s ~ % " ( stream - car rest ) ) ) x ) )
パーサー ( p ) の実行結果は常に ( values parse - result rest - of - input ) の形式で返されます。これ は
Haskell ではタプルでパース結果と残りの入力を返すことに対応しています。
さて、多値を使うということで、パーサを次々と繋げていく時にその値の受け渡しが少々煩雑になってしまいます。上の
P タグのパーサーは、最初は次のように定義されていました:
( define ( paragraph input ) ( receive ( tag rest ) ( ( open - tag ' p ) input ) ( if tag ( let *- values ( ( ( body rest ) ( ( many inline ) rest ) ) ( ( / tag rest ) ( ( end - tag / opt ' p ) rest ) ) ) ( values ( append tag body ) rest ) ) ( values #f input ) ) ) )
ここでモナドを導入します。
( define ( ( return x ) input ) ( values x input ) ) ( define (( >>= p f ) input ) ( receive ( x rest ) ( p input ) ( if x ( ( f x ) rest ) ( fail input ) ) ) ) ( define - syntax >> ( syntax - rules ( ) (( >> p q ) ( >>= p ( lambda ( _ ) q ) ) ) (( >> p q r ... ) ( >> p ( >> q r ... ) ) ) ) ) ( define - syntax doP ( syntax - rules ( <- ) ( ( do e ) e ) ( ( do ( v <- p ) e ... ) ( >>= p ( lambda ( v ) ( doP e ... ) ) ) ) ( ( do p e ... ) ( doP ( _ <- p ) e ... ) ) ) ) ( define guard return )
次の item というパーサーがすべてのパーサー作りの基本となります。
( define ( peek input ) ( and ( not ( stream - null ? input ) ) ( stream - car input ) ) ) ( define ( next input ) ( and ( not ( stream - null ? input ) ) ( stream - cdr input ) ) ) ( define ( item input ) ( values ( peek input ) ( next input ) ) ) ( define ( fail [ context stream - null ] ) ( values #f context ) )
次に OR 演算子のパーサー版を定義します。曖昧なパーサー ( 複数の解析候補を返すパーサー ) であれば、それぞれのパーサーの結果の和集合を返すところなんですが、今回、曖昧でないパーサーを実装していますので、最初に成功したパース結果を返します。
( define ( ( || . pp ) input ) ( let loop ( ( pp pp ) ) ( if ( null ? pp ) ( fail input ) ( receive ( x rest ) ( ( car pp ) input ) ( if x ( values x rest ) ( loop ( cdr pp ) ) ) ) ) ) )
縦 棒2つは空白文字 " " をシンボル化した時の表示形式なんですが、それを
OR 演算子に見立ててみました。中置演算子ではないので2つ以上のパーサーを取れます。
上は比較的簡単な定義ですが、パース結果が空リストだった場合に別の候補を探すバージョンも作ってみました:
( define fail ?
( curry eq ? #f ) ) ( define empty ?
null ? ) ( define ( disjoin f . fs ) ( if ( null ? fs ) f ( let ( ( chain ( apply disjoin fs ) ) ) ( lambda xs ( or ( apply f xs ) ( apply chain xs ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define succ ? ( negate ( disjoin fail ?
empty ? ) ) ) ( define (( || . pp ) input ) ( define ( check x pp ) ( cond ( ( fail ? x ) #f ) ( ( empty ? x ) ( receive ( x rest ) ( loop ( cdr pp ) ) ( when ( succ ? x ) ( shift k ( values x rest ) ) ) )
#t ) ( else #t ) ) ) ( define ( loop pp ) ( if ( null ? pp ) ( fail input ) ( receive ( x rest ) ( ( car pp ) input ) ( if ( check x pp ) ( values x rest ) ( loop ( cdr pp ) ) ) ) ) ) ( reset ( loop pp ) ) )
以上に加えて、その他便利なパーサー群です:
( define ( satisfy pred ? ) ( doP ( x <- item ) ( return ( and ( pred ? x ) x ) ) ) ) ( define ( many p ) ( doP ( xs <- ( many - fold cons p ) ) ( return ( reverse xs ) ) ) ) ( define ( ( many - fold accum p ) input ) ( let loop ( ( input input ) ( xs '( ) ) ) ( receive ( x rest ) ( p input ) ( cond ( ( empty ? x ) ( loop rest xs ) ) ( x ( loop rest ( accum x xs ) ) ) ( else ( values xs input ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( many1 p ) ( doP ( x <- p ) ( xs <- ( many p ) ) ( return ( cons x xs ) ) ) ) ( define ( skip - many p ) ( doP ( many - fold void p ) ( return '( ) ) ) ) ( define ( skip - many1 p ) ( doP p ( skip - many p ) ) ) ( define ( ( between open close ) p ) ( doP open ( x <- p ) close ( return x ) ) ) ( define ( option default p ) ( || p ( return default ) ) ) ( define ( one - of l ) ( satisfy ( curryr memv l ) ) ) ( define ( none - of l ) ( satisfy ( negate ( curryr memv l ) ) ) ) ( define digit ( satisfy char-numeric ? ) ) ( define letter ( satisfy char- alphabetic ? ) ) ( define alphanum ( || digit letter ) ) ( define space ( satisfy char - whites pace ? ) ) ( define spaces ( many space ) ) ( define ( p:char c ) ( satisfy ( curry char= ? c ) ) ) ( define ( p:string str ) ( if ( string= ? str " " ) ( return str ) ( doP ( p:char ( string - ref str 0 ) ) ( p:string ( substring str 1 ) ) ( return str ) ) ) ) ( define ( many - till p end ) ( letrec ( ( scan ( lambda ( input ) ( let loop ( ( input input ) ( xs ' ( ) ) ) ( receive ( x rest ) ( end input ) ( if x ( values ( reverse xs ) rest ) ( receive ( x rest ) ( p input ) ( if x ( loop rest ( cons x xs ) ) ( values #f input ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) scan ) )
ライブラリのコードはこんなところです。あとは適宜エクスポートする名前を provide してモジュールとして体裁を整えれば完成となります。
最後にテストとして、中置記法の計算式をパースして実行する例を示します:
( define ( chainl p op a ) ( || ( p . chainl1 . op ) ( return a ) ) ) ( define ( chainl1 p op ) ( define ( rest a ) ( || ( doP ( f <- op ) ( b <- p ) ( rest ( f a b ) ) ) ( return a ) ) ) ( >>= p rest ) ) ( define ( symb cs ) ( token ( p:string cs ) ) ) ( define ( token p ) ( doP ( a <- p ) spaces ( return a ) ) ) ( define natural (( doP ( c <- digit ) ( return ( - ( char -> integer c ) ( char -> integer # \0 ) ) ) ) .
chainl1 . ( return ( lambda ( m n ) ( + ( * 10 m ) n ) ) ) ) ) ( define nat ( token natural ) ) ( define integer ( || ( doP ( p:char #\- ) ( n <- nat ) ( return ( - n ) ) ) nat ) ) ( define addop ( || ( >> ( symb " + " ) ( return + ) ) ( >> ( symb " - " ) ( return - ) ) ) ) ( define mulop ( || ( >> ( symb " * " ) ( return * ) ) ( >> ( symb " / " ) ( return / ) ) ) ) ( define factor ( || integer ( doP ( symb " ( " ) ( n <- expr ) ( symb " ) " ) ( return n ) ) ) ) ( define term ( factor .
chainl1 . mulop ) ) ( define expr ( term .
chainl1 . addop ) ) ( define ( calc arith ) ( parse ( >> spaces expr ) arith ) )
独立した字句解析の機構が特に存在しないのがお分かりでしょうか。空白を読み飛ばしながら有効な字句を読み取る字句パーサーがパーサー・コンビネーターで容易に書けてしまうため、構文解析と字句解析の区別がほとんど必要無いんですね。
では REPL で試してみましょう 。
> ( calc " ( 1 + 2 * ( 3 + 4 ) ) / 5 " ) 3
合ってます。よね ？
ついでに 、
> ( calc ( open - input - string " ( 1 + 2 * ( 3 + 4 ) ) / 5 " ) ) 3 > ( calc ( string -> list " ( 1 + 2 * ( 3 + 4 ) ) / 5 " ) ) 3
関連 ( related works ) :
Haskell - style Parser Combinators in Scheme
Scheme Parser Combinators
参考文献 :
ふつうのHaskellプログラミング 13 章
Functional Pearls : Monadic Parsing in Haskell
Parsec : Direct Style Monadic Parser Combinators For The Real World
Write Yourself a Scheme in 48 Hours / Parsing
U.S. President Barack Obama signs executive orders to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention facility , on his desk in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington January 22 , 2009 .
Vice President Joseph Biden ( L ) and a group of retired military officers attended the ceremony .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Cavanugh / Pool ) | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama signs executive orders to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention facility , on his desk in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington January 22 , 2009 .
Vice President Joseph Biden ( L ) and a group of retired military officers attended the ceremony .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Cavanugh / Pool ) | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama signs executive orders to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention facility , on his desk in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington January 22 , 2009 .
Vice President Joseph Biden and a group of retired military officers attended the ceremony .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Cavanugh / Pool ) | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama ( C ) is applauded by Vice President Joseph Biden ( L ) and a group of retired military officers after he signed executive orders to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention facility , on his desk in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington January 22 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Cavanugh / Pool ) | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama signs executive orders to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention facility , on his desk in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington January 22 , 2009 .
Vice President Joseph Biden and a group of retired military officers attended the ceremony .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Cavanugh / Pool ) | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama signs executive orders to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention facility , on his desk in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington , January 22 , 2009 .
Vice President Joseph Biden ( L ) and a group of retired military officers attended the ceremony .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Cavanugh / Pool ) | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama ( C ) speaks to the press prior to signing executive orders to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention facility , on his desk in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington , January 22 , 2009 .
Vice President Joseph Biden ( L ) and a group of retired military officers attended the ceremony .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Cavanugh / Pool ) | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama holds a pen prior to signing executive orders to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention facility , on his desk in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington , January 22 , 2009 .
Vice President Joseph Biden ( L ) and a group of retired military officers attended the ceremony .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Cavanugh / Pool ) | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama ( C ) speaks to the press prior to signing executive orders to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention facility , on his desk in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington , January 22 , 2009 .
Vice President Joseph Biden ( L ) and a group of retired military officers attended the ceremony .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Cavanugh / Pool ) | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama holds a pen prior to signing executive orders to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention facility , on his desk in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington , January 22 , 2009 .
Vice President Joseph Biden ( L ) and a group of retired military officers attended the ceremony .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Cavanugh / Pool ) | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama ( C ) is applauded by Vice President Joseph Biden ( L ) and a group of retired military officers after he signed executive orders to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention facility , on his desk in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington January 22 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Cavanugh / Pool ) | License Photo
WASHINGTON , Jan. 23 ( UPI ) -- U.S. policy on accused terrorists detained at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , likely wo n't deviate much from its current form , a review of documents indicates .
President Barack Obama signed an executive order Thursday directing the detention camp be closed within the year .
However , Politico reported the effect of that order and an order effectively banning the use of torture could be blunted .
Advertisement
Obama also signed an order directing that all agencies follow the Army Field Manual when interrogating prisoners who could be terror suspects , the Washington publication said .
He also inked a directive creating an interagency commission to examine whether to develop " additional or different guidance " for non-military agencies such as the CIA , which could potentially permit harsh interrogation techniques in the future .
Matthew Waxman , who worked on detention matters for the State Department during the Bush administration , said Obama 's decision keep open the possibility of different guidance for CIA interrogators is a good one .
" I 've worked on drafts of the Army Field Manual , " Waxman said .
" It 's designed to be in the hands of tens of thousands of people who may not have a lot of training or supervision . "
Another provision of Obama 's orders called for military tribunals at Guantanamo to be " halted , " but the administration would n't rule out reconsidering some sort of military forum to deal with some of the prisoners , Politico said .
" This order does not eliminate or extinguish the military commissions , it just stays all proceedings in connection with the ongoing proceedings in Guantanamo , " White House council Greg Craig said , making clear that " improved military commissions " were still on the table .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
The Supreme Court said Friday that it will review whether a strip search for prescription - strength Ibuprofen violated a 13 - year - old student 's constitutional rights .
The justices said they will hear arguments in April in the case from Arizona .
The court also will consider whether , even if it upholds an appeals court decision that the girl was subjected to an unconstitutional search , a school vice principal is financially liable for damages .
Last year , the federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled 8 - 3 in favor of Savana Redding , who was subjected to a strip search based on a classmate 's uncorroborated accusation that she was hiding the pills .
The court split 6 - 5 in favor of allowing her to sue the school official who ordered the search .
MORE FROM SCOTUS : Justices to decide who can review mortgage bias Redding was an eighth - grade student at the Safford Middle School in Safford , Ariz. , when she was ordered to the school nurse 's office and told to strip to her underwear , move her bra to the side and pull her underwear out , exposing her breasts and pelvic area .
No pills were found .
School officials argue that the search was reasonable because pills had been found on campus and another student linked them to Redding .
Officials were justifiably anxious , they said , because in an earlier incident , a student had to be hospitalized after taking a prescription drug he had been given by a classmate .
But the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals called Redding 's ordeal " a grossly intrusive search of a middle - school girl to locate pills with the potency of two over - the - counter Advil capsules . "
The court found that the vice principal , Kerry Wilson , is liable for damages and ordered a federal magistrate to determine the amount .
Earlier , a three - judge panel of the appeals court ruled 2 - 1 that the search was constitutional , upholding the magistrate 's dismissal of Redding 's civil rights lawsuit .
The case is Safford United School District # 1 v. Redding , 08-479 .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Oklahoma Baptist Pastor Steve Kern , husband of notorious Oklahoma state Rep. Sally Kern , reportedly believes gay Americans should be incarcerated and forcibly “ cured . ”
“ We have to get rid of that and start curing those sinners .
It ’ past time that this nation stopped placating sin and start putting them in education programs .
Courts can force drug offenders into treatment centers and violent people into anger management .
There ’ no reason our courts ca n’t do that with homos . ”
While he builds support among ex-gay activists for arrest and involuntary quack medical treatments , Kern in the meantime is said by the Gossip Boy blog to be teaming up with Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett to rid the city ’s public libraries of accurate health , scientific , and therapeutic information about sexual orientation .
According to James Miko and Wayne Fuller , the pair plan a campaign to “ rid the library system of all gay and lesbian materials , as well as those their church - based philosophies find objectionable . ”
Their goals :
Win the 2010 governor ’s race and gain power at any cost
Deprive Oklahoma families of any information that might help them accurately and constructively understand gay family members
Censor information that exposes the persistent failure of ex-gay programs to “ change ” their participants ’ sexual orientation
Use government power and taxpayer money to enrich corrupt ex-gay quacks from Exodus International and NARTH , the religious - rightist reparative - therapy lobby .
According to Gossip Boy :
A source close to Cornett alleges , “ The Mayor is looking to become Oklahoma ’ next governor in 2010 .
With the conservatism rampant in the state , he feels now is the time to fully side with fundamentalist Christians in order to get their backing .
He believes one way of doing that is going on an all - out assault on gay citizens .
Even if things are done that would later be overturned in court at a great cost to the City , he will walk away a hero to certain people . ”
The insider also stated , “ The Mayor is aware that Ernest Istook is returning to Oklahoma to join the governor ’ race again .
Istook has the conservative base locked in , so the Mayor must shake loose Istook supporters if he is to get past the Republican primary .
Gays are easy targets for him .
He tried to use them in 2006 , but it backfired .
This round he wants to make it clear he is without a doubt against gay rights . ”
Gossip
Boy received other tips regarding Cornett ’ ambitions and the scheme to appease Christian extremists , who sided against him in the 2006 race for 5th District Congress , and began a covert ploy to expose it .
A reporter posed as a citizen working with the Mayor to push gay and lesbian literature out of city libraries and contacted Steve Kern .
Cornett and Kern seek to sacrifice the safety , health , and livelihood of gay Oklahomans and their families so that Cornett can win an election as a far - right Republican alternative to the conservative Republican former Rep. Ernest Istook .
Exodus International and NARTH have thus far declined to speak out against this alliance .
Exodus has three member activists in Oklahoma : Lewis E. Palmer , Chuck McConkey , and Stephen Black .
Black has previously promoted Sally Kern ’s hate campaign against gay Oklahomans .
Instead of leading constructive action to preserve Exodus ’ credibility and defend freedom , Exodus executive vice president Randy Thomas has fueled support for extremist antigay action by parroting unsubstantiated and false accusations of widespread violence at 300 peaceful gay protests which were held by thousands of gay couples and their friends on behalf of the freedom to marry .
At a time when persons perceived to be gay or lesbian face rising violence from right - wing extremists , Thomas seems determined to fuel misdirected public fear , anger and mob retribution against same - sex - attracted persons .
Thomas ’ objectives seem clear :
Distract the public from his movement ’s political efforts to undermine non-fundamentalist Americans ’ individual and religious freedoms
Distract public attention from his movement ’s deceitful and illegal activities against voters during election - season campaigns to constitutionally abolish the freedom to marry
Generate public pity for ex-gay political activists who are thwarted in their efforts to achieve the goal of “ freedom from ” homosexual persons , “ freedom from ” religious minorities , and freedom from personal responsibility by having one ’s religious and sexual values dictated by fundamentalist government officials .
Hat tip : Joe.
My .
God , Box Turtle Bulletin
On the day of the pre-budget report my teenage son was listening to a news item about the huge expansion of government borrowing , and the debt being built up for the future .
" I do n't understand - who 's going to pay for all this ? " he asked .
I thought for a millisecond .
" You are , " I said .
The fallout from the financial crisis is just the latest burden we are about to place on the shoulders of the younger generation .
For the past 50 years or so , our society 's been having a party .
It 's true that not everyone was invited , but those who were had a very good time .
There is , for instance , the golden generation .
That 's the term for the people lucky enough to retire , often early and with final - salary pensions , around the start of the decade .
They had free university educations and hit a rapidly expanding market for middle - class jobs .
They walked into employment , rode the property booms as inflation made nonsense of their mortgages , and could even fly to Asia or Antarctica without knowing they ought to feel environmental guilt .
The people 10 or 20 years younger than them did n't do badly either ; spending and consuming in abandon while watching the value of their assets grow .
But now the bills are coming in , and people who are young now will face a much tougher future .
Take education .
Students already expect to pay for university , but they do so because they have been assured that it will be an investment .
A shrinking economy threatens that .
In a tough job market , those who get offers come from the most prestigious universities and most taxing courses .
The thousands of people who have been urged into new universities and narrow courses are already finding it harder to get jobs , and it will get worse .
The general graduate premium is dwindling fast - Swansea University recently estimated the lifetime value of the average degree at no more than £ 22,000 .
Bob Worcester , of the polling firm Mori , thinks the overhang from the hole in public finances could affect young people 's lives for decades .
" I 'm very conscious that students are leaving college owing between £ 12,000 and £ 20,000 , and while the debts are there , the jobs are n't .
Especially for the soft - touch degrees , the ones that do n't teach wider skills . "
The economist Bridget Rosewell is equally worried by the pressure on young people to go into training rather than work .
She has sat on quangos whose purpose is to get people into colleges and improve their skills so that Britain can compete internationally .
" We 've created a system that 's better at producing courses than skills that are useful to the individual or society . "
Even falling house prices are n't automatically good news for the young .
Homes are still expensive compared with salaries ; loans without high deposits are impossible to find ; and those who buy at a time of very low inflation are going to find their mortgages wo n't shrink as they did in the past .
The only people exempt from this will be those whose parents can spare some capital .
In other words , generational inequality is going to further entrench social inequality .
While college leavers delay their entry to the job market and accumulate debt , they are shortening the period in which they are available for productive work .
That 's serious , because in their lifetimes they are going to be expected to build up their own pensions and save for them in a way that previous generations were not obliged to .
Simultaneously they are going to have to pay , either through taxes or by producing profits , for the lifestyles of all the people who have retired before them .
Rosewell thinks we still have n't faced up to the burden this will lay on future workers .
This week the Office for National Statistics described the rise in the number of over - 85s as " a time bomb " .
Longevity and demography will combine to increase the ratio of over - 65s from 16 % now to almost 23 % by 2032 .
That shift will make today 's long retirements unsustainable for future generations .
Why , then , should the young agree to labour for ours ?
It is quite possible that they will simply refuse to do so .
They may rewrite the terms of the generational bargain .
In recent years those getting older have become increasingly demanding of government , and indignant about its failure to provide more for them - in campaigns for free social care and against the selling of homes to fund old - age care , for instance .
The feeling is that making individuals pay is n't fair , and that the state should provide .
But the state is only a collection of individuals , and if I want free care , some younger , fitter person will have to pay for it .
Politicians find these questions of intergenerational conflict very difficult .
They would prefer to evade them , especially when they involve large and politically active constituencies .
That 's why the government was slow to introduce even Adair Turner 's relatively modest proposals ; why it backed away from substantial reform of public sector pensions ; and why it decided to make students pay for university , rather than impose a retrospective graduate tax on those who had already benefited .
But we can't afford this kind of myopia .
What 's the right balance over our lifetime between working and dependence , and how should we balance the competing interests of generations at a time of chaos , cuts and profound change ?
We all have a profound interest in the answers .
jenni.russell@theguardian.com
A Perl6 Christmas
Dave Whipp , 02 January 2009
When asked when Perl6 will be ready , the standard reply from people working on it is “ Christmas ” – but the year is unspecified .
This Christmas I decided to play with Rakudo , the implementation based on Parrot .
It not finished yet but significant progress has been made .
My trial began with a post on rakudo.org by Patrick Michaud suggesting that people wanting to play with Perl6 might try using it to implement solutions to Microsoft ’s Winter Scripting Games .
There were caveats that it ’s still a work in progress – only around 5000 tests from the Perl6 test suite were passing at the time – but it was sufficiently far along to be somewhat usable .
He asked that we report back our experiences – hence this write up .
Getting Started
First thing to do was to get the latest and greatest Rakudo .
I ’d installed a few versions of Parrot from the monthly releases , but I decided that I should be on the cutting edge – changes were happening fast !
I followed the instructions on parrot.org to sync the svn repository ; build parrot ; and finally Rakudo ( currently in parrot / languages / perl6 ) .
Things went smoothly .
% ./ perl6 –e ‘ say “ hello world ” ’
hello world
Challenge 1 : How many pairs in a hand of cards
The goal of this challenge was to count the number of “ pairs ” in a hand of cards .
To simplify , we can ignore the suite , and simply view it as a list of face values .
For a set of values “ 2,3,3, 5,5 ” the answer would be two ; for “ 7,5,7,7 , King ” , the correct answer is three ( there are three ways to get a pair of sevens from that list ) .
I immediately thought of the new cross-product operator :
my @x = < 7 5 7 7 13 >;
say for @x X ~X @x ;
Here I found my first p6 gotcha .
In perl5 , " say for @x " will print the values of @x , one per line .
In Perl6 , $ _ is not implicit in a function call to the builtins : you need to use a method call :
. say for @x X ~X @x ;
In fact , I ’d found my first bug in Rakudo : the synopsis states that “ say ” called with no arguments should result in a ( meaningful ) compiler error .
It currently just prints a blank line ( which is actually quite useful ) .
The combinations operator used to combine a list against itself will return all pairings of that list .
For something to be a pair , the two values will be the same .
So what I need to do is to count the number of combinations of elements for which the value is the same :
say ( ( @x XeqX @x ) .grep : { $ ^same }) .elems ;
David Romano suggested a more elegant approach for counting them :
say [+ ] @x XeqX @x
which takes advantage of the fact that Boolean values numerify to 0 and 1 .
Whichever counting approach is used , the final answer is way too big .
The X operator returns all the permutations , thus counting each pairing twice .
In addition , every element is paired with itself .
We need to adjust the result :
say ( ( [+] @x X==X @x ) - @x.elems ) /2 ;
This indeed prints the correct answer .
And it nicely shows the power of P6 .
But it also suggests that more power is needed .
The need to adjust the result to eliminate duplicates is bad .
What is really needed is an operator that returns combinations of a list with itself , instead of permutations .
I ’d like to define :
sub infix : <%%> ( Any @list , Int $elems ) { … }
which would return all lists of length $ elems that can be formed by taking items from @list without changing the order of the elements .
Such an operator would work well ( alongside the cross- product operator ) as a part of the standard library .
In addition to that , a second ( prefix ) operator
sub prefix : < %eq % > ( Any @list ) { … }
could return the list of equality tests for pairs from “ @list % % 2 ” .
We ’d probably want to define that as a meta - operator ( any infix operator between the “ %... % ” brackets , analogous to “ X … X ” .
Unfortunately it ’s not clear how to define this from the Perl6 spec .
And Rakudo does n’t even support basic operator definitions yet .
So a reasonable answer to the original challenge , using the current state of Rakudo , is something like :
sub number_of_pairs ( @list ) {
return ( ( [+] @list XeqX @list ) - @list.elems ) / 2 ;
}
Multiple Dispatch
The pair counting challenge turned out to be a “ one liner ” in Perl6 .
This challenge proved slightly meatier .
The goal is to calculate the score of a game of 10 pin bowling from a list of individual bowl scores .
See the scripting - games website for more details if you do n’t know the rules for calculating the score .
The characteristic of this challenge is that to calculate the score for one frame , we may need to look ahead to subsequent bowls .
I decided to tackle this problem using “ multi ” subs – “ multi frame_score { … } ” .
First though , the code that uses the “ frame score ” routine :
my @scores = < 2 5 7 / 8 1 X 9 / 5 3 7 0 4 5 X 2 0 > ;
…
my $ total = 0 ;
while @scores {
$ total += frame_score |@scores ;
say " score now $ total " ;
my $ bowls_consumed = @scores [ 0 ] eq “ X ” ?? 1 !! 2 ;
@scores .shift for ^$bowls_consumed ;
}
This simply loops , consuming scores , until the list of scores is empty .
For the multi-methods , I started out by attempting to describe the different scoring patterns .
There turn out to be eight of them .
To describe them succinctly required an insight from Aristotle that we could use subset types to describe the different types of score :
subset Strike of Any where { $ _ eq ' X ' } ;
subset Spare of Any where { $ _ eq '/' } ;
subset Some of Any where { $ _ ~~ /\d/ } ;
multi frame_score ( Strike $a , Strike $b , Strike $ c ;; * @next ) { 30 }
multi frame_score ( Strike $a , Strike $b , Some $ c ; ; * @next ) { 20 + $c }
multi frame_score ( Strike $ a , Some $b , Spare $ c ;; * @next ) { 20 }
multi frame_score ( Strike $ a , Some $b , Some $ c ; ; * @next ) { 10 + $ b + $c }
multi frame_score ( Some $a , Spare $b , Strike $ c ;; * @next ) { 20 }
multi frame_score ( Some $a , Spare $b , Some $ c ; ; * @next ) { 10 + $c }
multi frame_score ( Some $a , Some $ b ;; * @next ) { $ a + $ b }
Junctions
I moved next to the challenge of finding words that correspond to phone numbers .
Keypads on Phones associate each number with some number of letters .
In the US , it is common for businesses to quote their phone numbers using words from these letters .
This challenge was to find words that match a phone number , from a given dictionary of words .
I could have simply pre calculated the phone number for each word and stored them in a hash .
However , I chose a more “ clever ” implementation ( i.e. probably not the one I ’d use for real ) that took advantage of junctions :
my @words = <
SEEDING
READING
ELEMENT
>.map : { [ .split ( " " ) ] } ;
This simply stores each word as an ( anonymous ) array of letters .
It would be nice to have a more direct way to treat a sequence of characters as a list , but for Perl6 it appears that , as with Perl5 , it is necessary to do this explicitly .
Next I use a similar pattern to describe the mapping of digits to letters :
my @mappings = <
0
1
ABC
DEF
GHI
JKL
MNO
PQRS
TUV
WXYX
>.map : { all .split ( " " ) } ;
This creates an array of 10 elements ( one for each digit ) .
Each element is an “ all ” junction of the letters that correspond to that digit .
It ’s an “ all ” junction because we ’ll later use it with a “ does not equal ” test – we need “ any ” junctions for positive tests ; “ all ” junctions for negative :
sub word_matches_number ( @word , @phone ) returns Bool {
return False unless @word.elems == @phone.elems ;
return ! ( ^@word ) .grep : { @word [ $ ^idx ] ne @mappings [ @phone ] [ $ ^idx ] } ;
}
This is not as elegant as I would have wished .
I ’m iterating using the indices of the arrays ; and there ’s the double negative .
What I actually wanted , but which is not yet implemented in Rakudo , is to use a deep equality check , using an “ any ” junction of digit -> letter mappings :
return @word === @mappings [ @phone ]
As Rakudo matures , I ’ll probably revisit this to check that it works as I expect .
The remainder of the program is n’t particularly interesting :
sub find_word ( $ phone ) {
my @phone = $ phone.split ( " " ) ;
for @words -> @word {
if word_matches_number ( @word , @phone ) {
say " number : { @phone } " ;
say " result : { @word } " ;
return
}
}
}
One thing I discovered working with this is that I do n’t yet grok Perl6 sigils .
In perl5 things are simple : the sigil tells you what value to expect .
In perl6 , the sigil relates more to the container of the value .
This difference results in my intuition letting me down – Perl6 does n’t always do what I mean .
For example , if you attempt to iterate an array - of - arrays using a for loop
for @ A_of_A -> @inner_array {
then the inner array - ref is not fully dereferenced .
You still need to flatten it to form a junction :
my $ junction = any |@inner_array
Back to the One- liners
By this time , I was getting more confidence .
I looked at a couple of the other challenges , and immediately say that they could be implemented as one - lines .
Event 6 : generate list of prime numbers from 2 to 200 :
A simple ( though not the most efficient ) way to check if a number is prime is to test if it is divisible by any smaller prime :
my @primes ; for 2 .. 200 -> $ n {
@primes.push ( $n ) unless $n % any ( @primes ) ==0
}
. say for @primes '
Event 7 : Random Scheduling of a Round - Robin Tournament
In many languages this requires a bit of thought – or at least some recursion .
In perl6 :
my @teams = " A " .. " F " ;
my @games = ( @teams X~X @teams ) .grep : { [ le ] $ _.split ( " " ) } ;
.say for @games.pick ( @games.elems )
That middle line is horribly over - complex , however .
What It ’s doing is to filter the permutations of a list down to its combinations .
Let ’s assume we have the “ combinations ” operator that I described earlier and rewrite it :
my @teams = " A " .. " F " ;
my @games = @teams %% 2 ;
.perl.say for @games.pick ( @games.elems )
Much better !
Junctions Revisited
The final challenge was blackjack .
The instructions said that we could choose to implement that aces always equal 11 , but that seemed insufficiently interesting : I wanted to use junctions !
I started wtih simple definition of a deck of cards .
The challenge required humanly named cards : so I create a list of pairs , and then cross against the list of suites .
The deck is then shuffled using the “ pick ” method
my @values = (
ace => 1|11 ,
two => 2 ,
three =>
3 ,
four =>
4 ,
five =>
5 ,
six =>
6 ,
seven =>
7 ,
eight =>
8 ,
nine => 9 ,
ten => 10 ,
jack => 10 ,
queen => 10 ,
king => 10 ,
) ;
my @suites = < spades clubs diamonds hearts >;
my @deck = ( @values X @suites ) .map : {
my ( $ name , $ value ) = $ ^a.kv ;
" $ name of $ ^b " => $ value
} ;
my @cards = @deck.pick ( @deck.elems ) ;
Once I have a list of cards , dealing it is a simple matter of shifting cards from the top of the deck .
A few “ print ” statements tell the player ( user ) what the situation is .
my @dealer ;
my @player ;
@dealer.push ( @cards.shift ) ;
@player.push ( @cards.shift ) ;
@dealer.push ( @cards.shift ) ;
say " DEALER : " ;
say @dealer [ 0 ] .key ; #only display the first card of dealer 's hand
say " " ;
say " PLAYER : " ; . key . say for @player ;
Now we come to the main player loop .
Card values are junctions , so I do n't need to worry about calculating all possible values of hands that include aces .
However , I do need to remember to not test for " bust " using a " greater - than " test .
Because of the logic of " any " junctions , I need to check only for “ 21 is WIN ” and then " less than 21 is not bust ” .
The fact that I need to get this straight when writing the code suggests that it may be a source of bugs with future maintenance .
I ’d advise the code that uses junctional algebra should include some comments to remind maintainers ( including the original author ) what assumptions need to be kept in mind
my $ player_value = [ +] @player.map : { .value } ; # an “ any ” junction
loop {
my $ card = @cards .
shift ;
@player .push ( $ card ) ;
say $ card.key ;
$ player_value += $ card.value ;
say " current value is { $ player_value.perl } " ;
if $ player_value == 21 {
say " congradulations , you win ! " ;
exit 0 ;
}
elsif $ player_value < 21 {
say " hit ( h ) or stay ( s ) " ;
my $ choice = " stay " unless $ player_value < 16 ;
# TODO : read =$ *IN
say $ choice ;
last if $ choice ~~ /s/ ;
}
else {
say " Sorry , you bust ! " ;
exit 0 ;
}
}
say “ ” ;
If we do n’t hit any of the “ exit 0 ” statements ( i.e. win or bust ) then eventually we ’ll “ stay ” and let the dealer play .
A problem here was to figure out what " player value " to use : we need to collapse the junction .
If a player hand is ( ace , ace , eight ) , then possible values are 10 , 20 , and 30 .
I need to make sure that " 20 " is used for all tests against the dealers value .
I could n't figure out an analytic way to achieve this , so I brute forced it :
$ player_value = max ( 4 .. 21 ) .grep : { $ _ == $ player_value } ;
This feels inelegant .
If there were millions of potential values then Rakudo would need to be very clever indeed to avoid extreme inefficiency .
We need some powerful operators to avoid this .
Checking for a dealer win has the same problem : I ca n't use " less - than " or " greater - than " tests because of possible junctional values ( e.g. " ace , six , ten " is both not - bust , and greater than any possible play hand ) .
say " DEALER : " ;
.key.say for @dealer ;
my $ dealer_value = [ + ] @dealer.map : { .value } ;
my $ done = 0 ;
loop {
say " dealer value : { $ dealer_value.perl} " ;
if $ dealer_value == any ( $ player_value ^.. 21 ) {
say " you loose ! " ;
exit 0 ;
}
elsif $ dealer_value < 21 {
my $ card = @cards .
shift ;
@dealer .push ( $ card ) ;
say $ card.key ;
$ dealer_value += $ card.value ;
}
else {
say " dealer bust : you win ! " ;
exit 0 ;
}
}
And so that 's it .
Junctions work , but I can't help feeling that we need some more language features to help with the " collapsing " of a junction to its appropriate value -- and that includes a " partial collapse " that , for example , excludes all values greater than 21 after I 've checked that there 'd be at least one value left over .
Hmm , perhaps that could be done with a subset type ...
There ’s more than one way to do it
The last of the “ Scripting Games ” challenges that I attempted was to implement Instant Runoff voting .
I saw a couple of different approaches here :
1. maintain a list of excluded candidates and ignore them during subsequent rounds .
2. explicitly delete the losing candidate from each round from all the ballots prior to the subsequent round
Both solutions work : the first uses junctions ; the other uses the " is rw " trait on a for loop .
So both are of some interest .
First , the junctional approach ...
my @ballots = (
[< A B C D > ] ,
[< B D C A > ] ,
[< C D B A > ] ,
[< B A C D > ] ,
[< A D C B > ] ,
) ;
my @excluded ;
loop {
my %tallies ;
for @ballots -> @ballot {
if @ballot .
first : { $ _ ne all ( @excluded ) } -> $ chosen {
% tallies { $ chosen } ++;
}
}
my $ total = [+ ] %tallies.values ;
if $ total == 0 {
say “ There was no winner ” ;
exit 0 ;
}
elsif %tallies.pairs.first : { .value > $ total /2 } -> $ kv {
say “ WINNER IS : { $ kv.key} ” ;
exit 0 ;
}
else {
my $ losing_tally = min %tallies.values ;
for %tallies.pairs.grep : { .value == $ losing_tally } -> $ kv {
my $ loser = $ kv.key ;
say " exclude $ loser " ;
@excluded .push : $ loser ;
}
}
}
That was n't too hard .
Note the " pointy - block " used with the " if " statement -- this syntax is n't limited to " for " loops !
The second approach leads to very similar code :
loop {
my %tallies ;
for @ballots.grep : {.elems} -> @ballot {
%tallies{ @ballot [ 0 ] } ++;
}
my $ total = [+ ] %tallies.values ;
if $ total == 0 {
say “ There was no winner ” ;
exit 0 ;
}
elsif %tallies.pairs.first : { .value > $ total /2 } -> $ kv {
say “ WINNER IS : { $ kv.key} ” ;
exit 0 ;
}
else {
my $ losing_tally = min %tallies.values ;
for %tallies.pairs.grep : { .value == $ losing_tally } -> $ kv {
my $ loser = $ kv.key ;
say " exclude $ loser " ;
for @ballots -> @ballot is rw {
@ballot = @ballot.grep : { $ _ ne $ loser }
}
}
}
}
say " WINNER IS : $ winner " ;
Again I found no significant problems .
I found one “ not implemented in Rakudo ” issue writing this code : in - place modification of an array using arbitrary methods .
Instead of :
@ballot = @ballot.grep : { $ _ ne $ loser }
I should have been able to write :
@ballot.=grep : { $ _ ne $ loser }
This should be fixed once Rakudo matures .
Another minor issue is that the reverse lookup of a key from a hash ’s value requires an explicit loop .
It might be nice to have some form of bidirectional hash lookup – perhaps this will appear once “ Relational ” operators are added via a 6PAN module .
Object Oriented Perl
The scripting games were a good introduction , but none required any significant amount of code .
Looking for inspiration I was found a game named “ Skulls and Bones ” on my Tivo – a game I remember from my childhood as “ connect 4 ” .
I decided to try a Perl6 implementation of it .
The implementation required a couple of hundred lines – too big to embed in this page .
So see my writeup here .
This was my first foray into the Perl6 object system .
During refactoring I found that things did n’t always quite DWIM : I ’d copy a line from an iteration that used an implicit topic
@moves.grep : { .is_winning_move }
But when written in a method , “ self ” is not the topic :
method foo {
$ win = .is_winnning_move ; # ERROR
$ win = self.is_winning_move ; # OK
$ win = $.is_winning_move ; # OK except when indirect - object syntax is used for arguments
}
I think that it ’s reasonable for the topic to not default to “ self ” – that would cause problems when moving code from a method - body into a block .
But I think that “ $. ” and “ self . ” should be strong synonyms .
This game of Connect4 was my first non-trivial perl6 program .
Rakudo is n’t quite ready for anything more complex , yet , in one important way : its error diagnostics are lacking line numbers .
This might not sound like much , but object - oriented code is very fragmented : it becomes difficult to figure out where an error is , let alone what it is .
I am told that this will be fixed in the next month or so : that will be welcome
The other thing I noticed was performance .
My computer “ AI ” has a look - ahead of just two moves ( searching about 50 positions ) , and yet this takes almost a second .
To be ready for production use , speedups of at least two orders of magnitude will be needed ( both compile - time and run-time ) .
As Rakudo becomes feature - complete this will become the focus of development .
Until then , the development team is probably correct to focus on functionality .
Some Comments on Perl6 : The Language
Perl6 the language is looking good .
Even with the somewhat rough rendering in Rakudo , it does feel like a balanced language with many disparate pieces that all fit together .
When I first read of the new “ {…} ” interpolation mechanism , I was concerned .
I spend a lot of time writing code generators , so curlies tend to be common character in my “ print ” statements .
But as I got used to them , I find them very natural .
I ’ll probably miss them when I go back to P5 ( fortunately “ @{ [ … ] } ” has similar semantics ) .
I was somewhat surprised to not be able to find an excuse to play with hyper- operators and feed operators .
These feel like they ’ll be really powerful , but each time I thought to use them , I found a better way to structure my code that did n’t need them .
Perhaps I need to find a problem that has a lot of regular data to manipulate .
I did find plenty of reasons to use junctions .
They ’re really useful – perhaps even worth sacrificing clean bit - op syntax for ( I ’m one of those Perl programmers that uses a lot of bit- ops ) .
On the downside , the violation of the concept of the “ excluded middle ” may result in maintenance problems down the road , when junctions are overused by novices ( A bit like the problems with overuse of inheritance in C++ ) .
Multiple dispatch ( and the type system it depends on ) turns out to be really useful .
Even when not the primary focus ( as in the “ bowling ” challenge ) , I keep finding simple reasons to use it to simplify code .
Look back to my connect4 code and you ’ll find multi methods that allow me to manipulate the game board using either Cartesian coordinates or “ Move ” objects .
It would be nice , though , to be able to use multiple - dispatch with anonymous groupings of “ pointy - blocks ” – for example , with “ for ” loops .
There are a bunch of things that did n’t quite feel right , but I ’m willing to give the language the benefit of the doubt – and blame the immaturity of Rakudo .
Missing operators forced work - arounds ; buggy parsing combined with unhelpful error messages caused frustration .
I ’m sure that will improve over time .
I do , however , have a few language - related concerns to highlight :
Sigils
Perl6 changes the semantics of sigils from those of Perl5 .
The reason given for this is that some beginners did n’t understand them .
But I find that the same is true of the new semantics .
In fact , they seem less useful now than they used to : you can store pretty much any type of value in any containers , and the sigil does n’t appear to have a major impact on the operators that can be applied .
If Perl5 was criticized for its line noise , I fear that this criticism may be more justified for perl6 .
On the other hand , I ’m still a beginner to perl6 : my concerns might simply reflect that I do n’t grok some deep underlying elegance of the perl6 semantics .
Perhaps , with experience , I will come to love the new semantics , and will intuit correctly where I need to add splats ( prefix : <* > ) and flatten ( prefix : < | > ) operators to make the code do what I mean
Junctions
The algebra of junctions is straight forward , but tricky .
Junctions do n’t collapse , even within expressions , and so great care is needed to ensure that some “ excluded middle ” condition sneaks into the code when your attention wanders .
In fact , the lack of collapsing has caused bugs in Rakudo itself :
say “ bug ” if 10 < 5|25 < 20 ;
It is obviously true that neither 5 nor 25 falls within the range , but the lack of junctional collapse creates the bug when this chain is expanded to
say “ oops ” if do { my $ tmp = 5|25 ; 10 < $tmp && $ tmp < 20 } ;
A deliberate decision was made that Perl6 junctions are not “ Quantum : : Superpositions ” , but I fear that this will be a frequent source of bugs in Perl6 code .
I we must forego implicit collapse semantics , we should at least have some form of explicit collapse .
My earlier example of
$ player_value = max ( 4 .. 21 ) .grep : { $ _ == $ player_value } ;
demonstrates the brute - force approach , but this wo n’t scale .
In quantum mechanics we “ observe ” a system using the dot product of a state vector with an eigenvector of the observation operator .
We need something analogous here : something that “ multiplies ” a junction by a list ( or range ) .
Adapting the standard bra-ket notation ( and avoiding existing syntax ) , I ’d suggest something like :
$ player_value = max |< 4..21 |==| $ player_value >|
Maybe that ’s a bit too cute – the circumfix angle brackets are n’t really justified .
The important thing is to have an operator that can deal with infinite arguments in finite time .
E.g .
% ./ perl6 –e ‘ say - Inf .. + Inf |>| one ( 10 .. Inf ) ’
11
As an aside , that infinite range could be a common range against which to collapse a junction .
It might be good to allow a type ( including subset types ) to be used in lieu of a specific range :
% ./ perl6 –e ‘ subset b_str where { /b/ } ; say ( :: b_str |eq| any < abc bcd cde >) . perl ’
[ “ abc ” , “ bcd ” ]
Summary
Rakudo is obviously not finished .
It has many rough edges and missing features .
Its performance is slow ; and its error diagnostics unhelpful .
However , that is all to be expected .
No one claims that it is finished .
Indeed it is a pleasant surprise just how far it has progressed .
And the #perl6 IRC channel is always helpful .
I was promised Perl6 for Christmas , and for Christmas I played with it as a toy .
Fun , but it ’s not serious use .
Seeing the progress that has been made , I have some hope that next Christmas may see something close to a perl - 6.0.0 - alpha .
There ’s a lot of work to do : I ’d love to see some concurrency for example , and for that there ’s more work needed in the specs ( and with the recent release of OpenCL there ’s a risk of chasing fast - moving expectations there ) .
Rakudo can be used today to write real perl6 programs , but it is not yet “ usable ” .
Diagnostic messages ( beyond just the line numbers that should be added this month ) need much greater depth , and there ’s a huge challenge ahead to improve the performance of both the compiler and the runtime .
And that ’s after it implements all the Synopses – including those not yet written
Beyond the language itself we ’ll need libraries .
We do n’t need a finished Rakudo to write them , but to release a successful perl6 they ’ll be needed .
Linking to Perl5 modules will provide some functionality , but there ’s more to a library than just calling a set of functions .
Perl6 has been referred to as an “ operator - oriented ” language – and that requires much more from a library than just C - linkage .
But my message here is positive .
Great progress has been made , and the project appears to have momentum .
Naysayers will continue to complain that it will be a teenager before it finds its way into the workplace – but that just shows that perl6 is such an advanced entity that we must respect the child - labor laws !
UPDATE : New York Details / Details for Other Cities
The 8th Annual No Pants !
Subway Ride will take place on Saturday , January 10 in New York City .
More info with the meeting point and start time will be posted to this site in early January .
For now , save the date .
Like last year , we ’re encouraging folks in other cities around the world to stage their own No Pants rides on the same day .
If you would like to commit to organizing a ride in your city , first check to see if your city has an active group on the Urban Prankster Network already organizing a ride .
Anyone organizing a No Pants event should let us know by leaving a comment on this post .
In a few weeks we will publish a list of all participating cities along with links to details , Facebook events , etc .
Below is a short history of the No Pants !
Subway Ride from its inception in 2002 to today .
No Pants 2002
The first ride included 7 participants , all male .
One participant entered the train pantless for 7 consecutive stops .
They pretended not to notice each other , and if asked claimed that they “ just forgot ” their pants .
On the 8th stop , someone came through with a duffle bag selling pants for $ 1 .
No photographs were taken , but the above video was captured with our single a hidden camera .
No Pants 2003
The second No Pants had around 30 participants , including a few women .
A few people played characters for the first time– businessmen , tourists , etc .
The conductor noticed what was going on and shouted over the PA , “ This train is not a playground . ”
The video has never been put online .
Maybe one day .
No Pants 2004
The third No Pants was filmed by ABC News 20 / 20 for a segment they were doing on Improv Everywhere which never aired .
We foolishly did n’t film it with our own cameras , so there ’s no video .
Bill Ritter , a 20 /20 correspondent , rode the train with us but elected to keep his pants on .
About 40 people participated .
No Pants 2005
The fourth No Pants was filmed by This American Life for their Showtime television show .
The segment on Improv Everywhere aired as part of their pilot episode , but almost all of the No Pants footage was cut from the piece .
Once again we foolishly did n’t film it ourselves .
Around 50 people participated .
No Pants 2006
The fifth annual No Pants ride was abruptly halted by a cop .
All passengers , including those not participating , were forced to exit the train as it was taken out of service .
8 people were handcuffed in their underwear and taken into custody .
A month later a judge dismissed all of the charges .
It is not illegal to wear your underwear in public in New York City .
Just ask the Naked Cowboy .
The incident was reported by news agencies around the world .
David Letterman made two monologue jokes about it and staged a No Pants Cab Ride as a parody .
Keith Olbermann interviewed Agent Todd about the legality of No Pants .
Around 150 people participated in the ride .
No Pants 2007
In sharp contrast to the year before , the sixth annual No Pants went off without a hitch .
300 people participated on what was a particularly mild January day .
Three police officers showed up at our meeting point , but they informed us they were only there to make sure everyone had a good time .
We dropped the “ pants seller ” bit this year after too many people lost their pants in 2006 .
Instead , participants hid their pants in a backpack .
People of all colors , shapes , sizes , and ages came out this year .
No Pants 2008
The seventh annual No Pants ride had 900 participants in New York , and another 1,000 or so in 9 additional cities around the world .
In New York we had to use three separate train lines to accommodate the crowd .
For the first time there were at least as many women as men .
Rides took place in Baltimore , Boston , Chicago , Portland , San Francisco , Salt Lake City , Toronto , Washington DC , and even Adelaide , Australia .
No Pants 2009 will take place on January 10 , 2009 in New York and an unknown number of cities around the world .
New York Details
Other Cities Details
Contact information
I do not wish to be contacted .
" This does n't really seem like quantitative easing in the sense of finding a growth rate in the money supply ... What you are looking at now is really being determined by other considerations .
How much should we buy of mortgage - backed securities ?
How much should we loan to foreign central banks ?
This is really more like an industrial policy , "
John Taylor , most famous for having created the " Taylor rule " attacks the Fed for having abandoned monetary policy and instead embarked on " industrial policy " :
Yet what Taylor fails to realize is that monetary policy has always constituted a form of " industrial policy " , even if it has n't been as direct as now .
Monetary policy has always impacted certain industries more than others , with investment good industries being more affected by changes in interest rates than ( non-durable ) consumer goods industries .
Taylor 's views stem from the classical fallacy among non-Austrians that somehow monetary policy is " neutral " in its impact on different industries , companies and individuals .
In reality though , monetary policy has always had strong redistributive effects as newly created money in the banking sector has ended up in the mortgage sector , similarly to how the Fed pours money into mortgage backed securities now .
The only difference is that the Fed has decided not to use the banks as middle men , and instead is doing it directly , but the impact on the economy is the same .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The news keeps reporting that the Israeli air force bombed refugee camps in Gaza .
Did you ever wonder how those refugee camps got to be in Gaza ?
Cont ’d . . .
I mean , where are they refugees from ?
There did n’t used to be refugees in Gaza , before 1948 , after all .
The grandparents of today ’s refugees were living in their own homes , which their ancestors had lived in for centuries if not millennia .
After Germany created Jewish refugees in WW II , it was made to pay reparations to the victims , right ?
Israel has n’t paid a dime to any of the Palestinian families it expelled in 1948 , [ pdf ] which is itself a violation of international law .
Palestinian refugees created by Israeli military actions , 1948 .
Update : Israel continued to bomb Gaza on day 7 of blitz .
The airstrikes continued Friday morning .
Israel has killed 37 children and 17 women since it began its bombardment last Saturday .
About a fourth of the over 400 persons killed are estimated to be obviously civilians because they were children or women ; the proportion of the civilians killed is likely actually higher because a lot of the men are probably noncombatants , too .
Likewise , large numbers of the over 2000 Gazans wounded have been innocent civilians .
Gazans are facing starvation and death , according to UN humanitarian chief John Holmes .
The power plant has been knocked out , making it impossible for the hospitals properly to treat the over 2000 wounded in the airstrikes , or indeed , for patients needing oxygen & etc. to get it .
Hospitals have resorted to generators , but they run on fuel , which is in short supply and many Gazans are without electricity .
Some 20,000 a day are not getting the UN wheat rations and other foodstuffs on which they rely , given that Israel long ago destroyed their economy .
That is , there is real and increasing hunger in Gaza , 50 % of the population of which is children .
Tzipi Livni said the purpose of the operation was to weaken Hamas .
Was n’t that the purpose of all those assassinations carried out by Ariel Sharon in 2003 - 2004 ?
Did n’t they assassinate Sheikh Yasin and Rantisi & etc. then ?
Did Hamas disappear ?
If Livni and Ehub Barak think that aerial bombardment is the right way to deal with a group like Hamas in a place like Gaza , they are just as out of touch with reality as George W. Bush .
NOCIRC ran the following ad in the pre-natal edition of American Baby magazine for several editions .
Thank you to everyone who helped make these ads possible .
" World , hold on .
Instead of messing with our future , open up inside . " -- Bob Sinclair
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Thomas Jefferson once said : " When you reach the end of your rope , tie a knot in it and hang on . "
As the global financial system pushes on a string , investors are desperately trying to hold tight .
The New World Order is upon us , full of hope , promise and a fair amount of fear .
In our recent discussion regarding the direction of our country , we noted the risks of catering to conventional wisdom and the implications for the U.S. dollar .
See MarketWatch column on New World Order .
The Minyanville mantra is to provide financial news you need to know before you know you need it .
That 's a fine line to walk , as foresight often flies in the face of mainstream acceptance .
In 2006 , it seemed counterintuitive to forecast a " prolonged socioeconomic malaise entirely more depressing than a recession . "
See Minyanville column .
For years , the notion of an " invisible hand " was conspiracy theory until we learned that the Working Group on Financial Markets was a central policy tool .
See Minyanville column .
And now , as we gaze across our historically significant horizon , we must open our minds to thoughts and ideas that may seem foreign to folks conditioned by the past and stunned by the present .
Currency crossroads
As governments take on more risk -- as they price assets on behalf of the market and transfer debt from private to public -- the common denominator , or release valve , becomes the currency .
If our economic condition is allowed to take medicine in the form of debt destruction , the greenback will appreciate , and asset classes as a whole will deflate .
If we continue to inject drugs that mask symptoms rather than address the disease , the likelihood of a seismic readjustment increases in kind .
The deflationary forces in the marketplace are pervasive , and the " other side " of our current equation , hyperinflation , may be years away .
Given the magnitude , breadth and pace of the global financial epidemic , however , we must explore each side of the twisted ride .
Years ago , the Federal Reserve wrote a " solution paper " regarding the need to combat zero - bound interest rates .
The concern was the flight of capital from the U.S. and an option discussed was a two - tiered currency , one for U.S citizens and one for foreigners .
Canadian economist Herbert Grubel first introduced a potential manifestation of this concept in 1999 .
The North American Currency -- called the " Amero " in select circles -- would effectively comingle the Canadian dollar , U.S. dollar and Mexican peso .
On its face , while difficult to imagine , it makes intuitive sense .
The ability to combine Canadian natural resources , American ingenuity and cheap Mexican labor would allow North America to compete better on a global stage .
Experience has taught us , however , that perceived solutions introduced by policy makers and politicians do n't always have the desired effect .
Unintended consequences
I 've long contended that , much like the Internet prophecy proved true -- but not before the tech crash -- so too would globalization , albeit not without painful - yet - necessary debt destruction .
To get through this , we need to go through this .
If we 're not allowed to go through it , foreigners will seek alternative avenues .
Remember , for holders of dollar - denominated assets , seeds of discontent have been sowing under the surface for years , with the greenback off 30 % since 2002 .
More likely than not , global leaders will watch how our new administration attempts to tackle the financial crisis before taking drastic steps .
They understand that co-dependent risk exists as a function of the derivatives that interweave our financial infrastructure .
If they could disassociate from our economic ecosystem without inflicting massive damage on themselves , they would have done so long ago .
If forward policy attempts to induce more debt rather than allowing savings and obligations to align , we must respect the potential for a system shock .
We may need to let a two - tier currency gain traction if the dollar meaningfully debases from current levels .
If this dynamic plays out -- and I 've got no insight that it will -- the global balance of powers would fragment into four primary regions : North America , Europe , Asia and the Middle East .
In such a scenario , ramifications would manifest through social unrest and geopolitical conflict .
This particular path is n't something one would wish for , but the cumulative imbalances that steadily built in our finance - based economy must be resolved one way or another .
Therein lies the critical crossroads we together face as our wary world attempts to find its way .
Scary ?
Yes .
Probable ?
Not so much , at least for the time being .
Possible ?
Certainly , although I 'll again offer that it could take years before the pieces of this prickly puzzle fall into place .
Effective money management dictates weighing the entire probability spectrum of potential outcomes and factoring them into our decision making process .
While the notion of a seismic currency shift may seem obscure , we must respect the possibility long before it becomes front - page news .
For if we 've learned anything through the last few years , proactive thought provocation is a necessary precursor to effective preparedness .
Remember Reborn baby dolls ?
Well they 're back on the morning show circuit and are still as popular as ever with the women who " collect " them .
Creepy Fake Baby Trend Arrives
On American Shores
Some of you may recall that , back in January , we wrote about that British documentary My Fake Baby , Read more
Advertisement
In this clip , Good Morning America travels to the homes of the women who buy Reborns , which the women treat like real infants .
One woman throws her dolls birthday parties and invites actual children to attend the events .
Another woman carries her dolls around with her and has to inform cooing strangers that her life - like dolls are not actually living babies .
Awkwardness all around !
Earlier : Creepy Fake Baby Trend Arrives On American Shores
In good times , the concept cars at auto shows are wild , whimsical confections – the automotive equivalents of those feather - decked Las Vegas showgirls at the soon - to - close Les Folies Bergeres .
These days , whimsy is in short supply in Detroit .
Readying this year 's edition of the Eyes on the Road " Build It or Bag It " poll , the most intriguing cars at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit were n't the concepts , they were the cars auto makers are promising to put into production over the next couple of years , ...
ROME 
Your college roommate is on Facebook .
So are your cousins and colleagues and friends .
But guess who else may find Facebook a great way to stay in touch ?
Some people in Sicily who know a few things about networking .
In recent weeks , the Italian authorities have begun investigating Facebook discussion groups devoted to convicted Mafiosi , concerned that some members might be more than fans .
At the same time , a campaign calling on Facebook to remove pro-Mafia pages has been gaining momentum , while thousands of Facebook members have joined new anti-Mafia groups .
The debate spilled over from civil society to online society after recent news reports revealed that more than 2,000 people had joined Facebook interest groups hailing Salvatore Riina , the so - called boss of bosses , known as Totò , who was arrested in 1993 after more than two decades on the run ; and his successor , Bernardo Provenzano , arrested in 2006 after four decades in hiding .
Both are serving multiple life sentences .
Some people seem to be natural romantics , while others appear to be romantically challenged .
To determine how romantic someone is , look at the height and quality of the Mount of Venus .
If the mount is high and firm , the person is a true romantic .
If the mount is high and spongy , the person will be sensual and interested primarily in satisfying their own needs .
Venus shows the amount of physical energy and stamina we possess and also reveals the degree of sexuality .
Someone with a firm , high mount , will have a strong sexual drive .
If this person ’s partner has a similar mount , their sex life will be explosive .
Someone with a creative , curving Head Line will be more romantic than someone with a straight , practical , down - to - earth line .
Again , though , we want balance .
People with Head Lines that swoop right down into the Mount of Luna are likely to live in a world of day dream and fantasies .
These people will be romantic , and in love with the idea of being in love .
Unless they have some strong character traits shown elsewhere on their hands , they will always be disappointed with the realities of life and will retreat into a fantasy world where everything is perfect .
Compatibility
Compatibility is a fascinating area .
I believe that most relationships can work as long as there is love and good will on both sides .
However , some relationships involve an incredible amount of work , just to keep the couple together .
In some cases , one partner is doing all the work .
Hand Shapes
Fire Earth
Air Water
First , look at the hand shapes .
This reveals the basic temperaments of the people involved .
It ’s a positive sign if both people have the same type of hands .
For instance , Fire and Fire are a good match since they have similar temperaments .
It ’s not quite as easy if the hand shapes are different .
Fire and Earth do not relate well , as fire scorches earth .
Fire and Air get on famously , as air fans and stimulates fire .
Fire and Water are not compatible , as water puts out the fire .
Earth and Air get on well , as air allows living things to grow and flourish in earth .
Earth and Water also get along well , as water enables life to exist on earth .
Air and Water would have a placid , unexciting relationship as both are necessary for survival , but do little for each other .
Heart Lines
Once you ’ve determined the hand shapes , look at the ending positions of the Heart Lines .
The Heart Lines should be reasonably similar on both parties ’ hands and should end at the same place .
Bear in mind , if one partner has a chained Heart Line , they ’ve experienced disappointments in love .
This person will be cautious about a total commitment to a new relationship .
Ideally , the Heart Lines should end between the Jupiter and Saturn fingers .
This shows that both people have realistic expectations .
If both people have Heart Lines that end on the Mount of Jupiter , they ’ll be overly idealistic and have many disappointments .
If one partner has a Heart Line that ends on Jupiter , but the other partner does n’t , the relationship will be difficult .
The partner with the Heart Line that ends under Jupiter will be constantly disappointed .
They will dwell on their partner ’s imperfections .
If one person ’s Heart Line ends on the Mount of Saturn , they ’ll be selfish .
It ’s hard to imagine a happy relationship when both partners have Heart Lines that end on Saturn .
If one person has a Mental Heart Line and the other a Physical Heart Line , check to see if they both end in a similar area .
For instance , the Physical Heart Line may end between the Mount of Jupiter and the Mount of Saturn .
The Mental Heart Line may end between the Jupiter and Saturn fingers .
This still indicates compatibility , but the Mental Heart Line shows a more impersonal love and difficulty in expressing innermost thoughts .
The partner with the Physical Heart line would want flowers , small gifts and constant reassurance that they ’re loved .
This partner with the Mental Heart Line would also tend to be a little detached at times .
A number of compromises would have to be made by both partners in this relationship .
Thumbs
After you ’ve assessed the shape of the hands and the quality of the Heart Lines , it ’s time to look at the thumbs .
For compatibility , both partners ’ thumbs should be similar .
Imagine the relationship if one person had a strong , thick , stubborn thumb and the other a small , flexible thumb .
The second person would be constantly dominated by the first .
If both partners have strong , stubborn thumbs , they ’ll have to learn to compromise .
They ’ll have some interesting learning experiences along the way , but ultimately will manage to adjust .
If both partners have highly flexible thumbs , they ’ll get along very well .
Both partners will be flexible and want to please .
However , they ’ll most likely have difficulties making important decisions .
Mount of Venus
Finally , check the Mount of Venus again .
As mentioned earlier , both partners should have approximately the same size Venus Mounts .
Partners with different size Venus Mounts will experience sexual frustration .
A partner with the high , firm Venus Mount will have a strong sex drive , while a partner with a low , almost inverted Venus Mount , will find the occasional sexual encounter is enough .
If a couple ’s Venus Mounts are a similar height and degree of firmness , they are likely to be sexually compatible .
Washington DC , December 8 , 2008 - Previously secret Soviet documentation shows that Mikhail Gorbachev was prepared for rapid arms control progress leading towards nuclear abolition at the time of his last official meeting with President Reagan , at Governor 's Island , New York in December 1988 ; but President - elect George H. W. Bush , who also attended the meeting , said " he would need a little time to review the issues " and lost at least a year of dramatic arms reductions that were possible had there been a more forthcoming U.S. position .
The new documentation posted today by the National Security Archive at George Washington University ( www.nsarchive.org) includes highest - level memos from Gorbachev advisors leading up to Gorbachev 's famous speech at the United Nations during the New York visit , notes of Politburo discussions before and after the speech and the Reagan - Bush meeting , CIA estimates before and after the speech showing how surprised American officials had been and how reluctant the new Bush administration was to meet Gorbachev even half - way , and the declassified U.S. transcript of the private meeting between Reagan , Bush and Gorbachev on December 7 .
The Governor 's Island Summit , December 1988
The last official meeting between President Reagan and General Secretary Gorbachev – after four spectacular summits that commanded worldwide attention at Geneva 1985 , Reykjavik 1986 , Washington 1987 and Moscow 1988 – took place on an island in New York harbor on December 7 , 1988 during the Soviet leader 's trip to deliver his now - famous United Nations speech announcing unilateral arms cuts and – to many observers – the ideological end of the Cold War .
Adding particular interest to this abbreviated summit was the participation of then - President - elect George H.W. Bush , who was at that moment constructing a national security team of aides who were distinctly more skeptical of Gorbachev 's motives than President Reagan or his top officials were .
In fact , the transition from the Reagan to the Bush administrations at the end of 1988 and beginning of 1989 might be described as a transition from doves to hawks .
( One of the leading hawks was Bush 's deputy national security adviser Robert Gates , now serving as Secretary of Defense for President George W. Bush and President - elect Barack Obama . )
According to evidence from the Soviet side – much of it published here for the first time anywhere – Gorbachev explicitly prepared the U.N. speech as a means to speed up arms reductions , engage the new American leader , and end the Cold War .
After the successful signing of the INF Treaty at the Washington summit in 1987 eliminated that entire class of nuclear weapons , the Soviet leadership was prepared for a very quick progress on the strategic offensive weapons treaty START .
Building on the personal understanding and chemistry between President Reagan and General Secretary Gorbachev , the Soviets were counting on signing the treaty with Reagan , before the U.S. presidential election of 1988 .
Having made substantial concessions on verification and shorter - range missiles for the INF Treaty , Gorbachev was signaling Reagan throughout the spring of 1988 trying to push for faster progress on START .
But Reagan 's conventionally - minded advisers – particularly Frank Carlucci at the Defense Department and Colin Powell at the White House – undercut Secretary of State George Shultz with their go - slow approach , even though Shultz saw the opportunities for radical arms reductions .
Opposition from the U.S. Navy over submarine - launched cruise missiles also stalled progress , even though the withdrawal of such missiles was manifestly in the U.S. national security interest .
( Note 1 ) Then result was that the Americans were not ready to agree on START in time for the Moscow summit in May - June 1988 .
Even after the summit , Gorbachev still kept hope alive for signing the treaty ; but there was no progress , at least in part because then Vice - President Bush – in the middle of a presidential campaign where securing the conservative base of the Republican Party was key to his strategy – was not eager to move any arms control forward .
( Note 2 )
During the summer of 1988 , gradually , the documents show that the Soviet leadership realized that the treaty would have to wait until the new administration came to power in Washington , and therefore , the most important priority for Soviet foreign policy now was not to lose the momentum and to hit the ground running with the new administration .
Georgy Arbatov in his June 1988 memo to Gorbachev [ Document 1 ] emphasized the importance of being prepared for the new administration – not slowing down the pace of negotiations , keeping the initiative , and building a base of support in Europe – thus keeping the pressure for comprehensive cuts in conventional arms , including elimination of asymmetries and reductions of Soviet forces by 500,000 .
However , in the summer of 1988 , the Soviet side still saw this plan as part of mutual reductions in Europe .
In the summer of 1988 , the groundbreaking Soviet XIX Party Conference discussed the main ideas that later became part of the Gorbachev U.N. address and adopted them as guidelines for Soviet foreign policy .
But even that significant ideological shift did not produce any response in the United States preoccupied with the electoral campaign .
In the fall of 1988 , however , after various Soviet initiatives did not result in U.S. engagement , the Soviets felt the need to radicalize their approach if they were to achieve quick progress with the new administration .
Former ambassador to Washington and now key Central Committee official Anatoly Dobrynin in his September memorandum to Gorbachev [ Document 3 ] suggested that the General Secretary should meet with the President - elect as early as possible , preferably during his visit to New York for the session of the U.N. General Assembly .
Dobrynin suggested that if Gorbachev delivered an address at the U.N. , it would be helpful in his relations with the new administration and would have positive impact on the American public opinion .
Late October 1988 brought a major break with past Soviet positions , when Gorbachev decided to offer deep reductions in Soviet forces in Europe as a unilateral initiative , and to deliver a major address at the United Nations .
Gorbachev conceptualized this speech as an " anti-Fulton , Fulton in reverse " in its significance – comparing it with the historic Winston Churchill " Iron Curtain " speech of 1946 in Fulton , Missouri , at the beginning of the Cold War .
Gorbachev wanted his speech to signify the end of the Cold War , offering deep Soviet reductions in conventional weapons as proof of his policy .
These reductions would address the most important Western concern about the threat of war in Europe , where the Soviets enjoyed significant conventional superiority .
This move , in Gorbachev 's mind , would build trust and open the way for a very fast progress with the new American administration .
His meeting with President - elect Bush and President Reagan would take place immediately after the U.N. speech .
However , the documents show that Gorbachev and his advisers had first to convince their own military of the wisdom of making such unilateral unbalanced reductions , including the problem of what to do with the personnel being withdrawn from Europe [ Document 5 ] .
Gorbachev seemed well aware of the potential opposition to his initiative both in the Politburo and in the Armed Forces – a very sensitive issue to handle .
The decision making on the U.N. speech involved a very narrow circle of advisers , and the full scope of numbers was never discussed at the Politburo or published , partly because as Gorbachev stated in an unprecedented direct way on November 3 , " If we publish how the matters stand , that we spend over twice as much as the US on military needs , if we let the scope of our expenses be known , all our new thinking and our new foreign policy will go to hell .
Not one country in the world spends as much per capita on weapons as we do , except perhaps the developing nations that we are swamping with weapons and getting nothing in return " [ Document 4 ] .
Gorbachev's U.N. speech on December 7 explicitly endorsed the " common interests of mankind " ( no longer the class struggle ) as the basis of Soviet foreign policy and , significantly for Eastern Europe , declared " the compelling necessity of the principle of freedom of choice " as " a universal principle to which there should be no exceptions . "
Gorbachev particularly surprised CIA and NATO officials with his announcement of unilateral cuts in Soviet forces totaling 500,000 soldiers , and the withdrawal from Eastern Europe of thousands of tanks and tens of thousands of troops .
Reaction in the West ranged from disbelief to astonishment .
The New York Times editorialized , " Perhaps not since Woodrow Wilson presented his Fourteen Points in 1918 or since Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill promulgated the Atlantic Charter in 1941 has a world figure demonstrated the vision Mikhail Gorbachev displayed yesterday at the United Nations . "
( Note 3 ) U.S. Sen .
Daniel Patrick Moynihan called this speech " the most astounding statement of surrender in the history of ideological struggle , " while retired Gen.
Andrew Goodpaster , a former NATO commander and top aide to President Eisenhower , described Gorbachev 's announcement of unilateral troop cuts as " the most significant step since NATO was founded . "
( Note 4 )
Little of this world - shaking impact was evident in the highest - level U.S. government reaction .
At the Governors Island meeting , for example , President Reagan remarked only that " he had had a brief report on it , and it all sounded good to him " ; while Vice - President and President - elect Bush remarked that he " would like to build on what President Reagan had done " but " he would need a little time to review the issues … . "
Bush described the " theory " behind his " new team " as " to revitalize things by putting in new people . "
But the new Bush advisers were more than skeptical of Gorbachev .
In subsequent memoirs , national security adviser Brent Scowcroft dismissed the U.N. speech when he described his staunch opposition to any early summit with Gorbachev in 1989 : " Unless there were substantive accomplishments , such as in arms control , the Soviets would be able to capitalize on the one outcome left – the good feelings generated by the meeting .
They would use the resulting euphoria to undermine Western resolve , and a sense of complacency would encourage some to believe the United States could relax its vigilance .
The Soviets in general and Gorbachev in particular were masters at creating these enervating atmospheres .
Gorbachev's UN speech had established , with a largely rhetorical flourish , a heady atmosphere of optimism .
He could exploit an early meeting with a new president as evidence to declare the Cold War over without providing substantive actions from a ‘ new ' Soviet Union .
Under the circumstances which prevailed [ in 1989 ] , I believed an early summit would only abet the current Soviet propaganda campaign . "
( Note 5 )
Ironies abound in this statement .
The Soviet evidence shows that substantive accomplishments in arms control were very much on the table and available at the very beginning of the Bush administration .
These included the START agreement for 50 % reductions in strategic arms that the Bush administration would not actually sign until 1991 , or the withdrawn deployments of tactical nuclear weapons that President Bush did not order until the fall of 1991 , to immediate reciprocation by Gorbachev .
The U.S. ambassador to Moscow , Jack Matlock , titled his chapter on this initial period of the Bush administration , " Washington Fumbles " ; while Gorbachev 's advisor Anatoly Chernyaev is even harsher with his chapter title , " The Lost Year . " ( Note 6 )
Chernyaev subsequently wrote : " Much has been written about the impression that Gorbachev made on the world in his UN speech .
But we also have to consider the impact on him of the world 's response to his speech … .
Having received such broad recognition and support , having been ‘ certified ' a world class leader of great authority , he could be faster and surer in shaking off the fetters of the past in all aspects of foreign policy . "
( Note 7 ) Regrettably , exactly those " fetters of the past " continued to restrain the highest levels of the George H.W. Bush administration from meeting Gorbachev half - way , and arguably prevented dramatic reductions in nuclear weapons , fissile materials , and conventional armaments , to the detriment of international security today .
Read the Documents
Document 1 : Arbatov memorandum to Gorbachev , June 1988
This memorandum to the General Secretary from the influential advisor to Soviet leaders and director of the U.S. and Canada Institute of the Soviet Academy of Sciences , Georgy Arbatov , provides an after - action assessment of the Moscow summit and the state of U.S. - Soviet relations .
Arbatov points to the significance of the summit as being a " discovery " of the Soviet Union by America and the West and the breaking of the enemy image .
He outlines the broad arms control agenda that remains , but cautions Gorbachev that during the last stages of the electoral campaign in the United States it would not be realistic to expect any serious progress .
Arbatov clearly believes the Reagan administration has spent its potential to make any serious steps on strategic or conventional weapons .
In one part of the memorandum , he carefully suggests that it might be time for the Soviet Union to undertake some unilateral initiative on conventional weapons in Europe , like significant reductions in tanks , which would impress European public opinion and make quick progress with the new U.S. administration more likely .
[ Source : Archive of the Gorbachev Foundation .
Fond 2 .
Translated by Svetlana Savranskaya for the National Security Archive . ]
Document 2 : Dobrynin Memorandum to Gorbachev on U.S. - Soviet relations .
September 18 , 1988
Here , the former Soviet Ambassador to the United States and future head of the International Commission of the Central Committee Anatoly Dobrynin advises Gorbachev on the next moves toward the United States .
Dobrynin explains perceptively the dynamics of the presidential campaign in the U.S. and suggests that Gorbachev should try to meet with the president - elect as early as possible , before he is inaugurated , in order to preserve the continuity and momentum in U.S. - Soviet relations .
The best time and location for such a meeting would be in New York especially if Gorbachev was making an address to the General Assembly of the United Nations .
The address then could provide a major stimulus for a new start in U.S. - Soviet relations .
[ Source : Archive of the Gorbachev Foundation .
Fond 2 .
Translated by Svetlana Savranskaya for the National Security Archive . ]
Document 3 : Gorbachev's Conference with Advisers on Drafting the U.N. Speech , October 31 , 1988
In this document Gorbachev thinks aloud in the presence of a narrow circle of foreign policy experts , in effect brainstorming with them on the content of his upcoming speech to the U.N. General Assembly .
In addition to Foreign Minister Shevardnadze and Gorbachev 's foreign policy assistant Chernyaev , the circle also includes Alexander Yakovlev as head of the International Commission , former ambassador to the U.S. Anatoly Dobrynin as head of the Central Committee 's International Department , and Dobrynin 's deputy , Valentin Falin .
The major thrust of Gorbachev 's initiative , as he envisions it , is about disarmament and the gradual withdrawal of Soviet troops from Eastern Europe .
But the spirit is less pragmatic than messianic .
The Soviet leader visualizes himself as a world figure who will not only assuage the security fears of Western countries , but will outline an entirely new cooperative global order .
When Gorbachev says , " In general this speech should be an anti-Fulton – Fulton in reverse , " he means to undo the Cold War that was declared most dramatically in the " Iron Curtain " speech delivered by Winston Churchill in Fulton , Missouri , in March 1946 .
[ Source : Archive of the Gorbachev Foundation .
Fond 2 .
Translated by Svetlana Savranskaya for the National Security Archive . ]
Document 4 : Chernyaev Diary , November 3 , 1988
In this diary entry , Chernyaev records a " historic " conversation at the Politburo , after the formal agenda items .
This is the first time Gorbachev presents his decision to announce deep unilateral cuts in his UN speech to the full Politburo .
Chernyaev notes that Gorbachev is " clearly nervous , " because he is aware of the radical nature of the steps he is going to undertake , and because of the presence of Defense Minister Dmitry Yazov in the room , who would have to approve the cuts .
The General Secretary makes an unprecedented push for cutting Soviet military expenses and publishing the numbers as a matter of building trust .
He tries to impress the Politburo with the unreasonably high Soviet military expenses and the need to withdraw from Eastern Europe .
Gorbachev has to walk a fine line — making the conservatives feel that they are part of the decision making process , and yet leaving them out of decisions on actual scope of the cuts — therefore he never mentions the actual numbers .
Only at the end of his intervention does Gorbachev mention that the cuts will be unilateral — a huge break with the past Soviet position , which demanded reciprocal cuts in conventional weapons in Europe .
Chernyaev predicts this is " an event that may well take the second place of importance after the April of 1985 " – referring to the party plenum when the policy of perestroika was formally announced .
[ Source : Anatoly Chernyaev Diary Manuscript , donated to the National Security Archive
Translated by Anna Melyakova for the National Security Archive ]
Document 5 : Chernyaev Memorandum to Gorbachev on the Armed Forces , November 10 , 1988
Here , Gorbachev 's foreign policy adviser and confidant Anatoly Chernyaev provides suggestions to Gorbachev in anticipation of the opposition among the military to the deep unilateral cuts that would be announced in Gorbachev 's U.N. speech .
Chernyaev suggests that the initiatives should be presented in such a way that would co-opt the military as much as possible even though they were not involved in the real decision making leading to the U.N. initiative .
In addition , Chernyaev suggests taking preliminary measures to accommodate the large numbers of officers who would have to be retired before their turn , and moved to temporary housing .
The advice would never be fully followed , which indeed would lead to strong frustration and rising opposition among the military , culminated in the August 1991 coup against Gorbachev .
[ Source : Archive of the Gorbachev Foundation .
Fond 2 .
Translated by Svetlana Savranskaya for the National Security Archive . ]
Document 6 : Director of Central Intelligence , Special National Intelligence Estimate 11-16 - 88 , " Soviet Policy During the Next Phase of Arms Control in Europe , " November 1988 ( Key Judgments only )
This Top Secret SNIE , produced just two weeks before Gorbachev 's speech at the U.N. , demonstrates how much the Soviet leader took the US government by surprise with the unilateral cuts in Soviet ground forces ( by 500,000 out of a total force of 5 million ) ) and the withdrawals from Eastern Europe ( 50,000 troops , 10,000 tanks , 8,500 artillery systems , and 800 combat aircraft ) .
The intelligence community consensus reflected here posits that the Soviets " prefer to negotiate with NATO to achieve mutual reductions of conventional forces " because " it makes more sense to trade force reductions , thereby retaining a balance in the correlation of forces . "
The SNIE goes on to suggest that " the Warsaw Pact probably realizes that negotiating an agreement with NATO that is acceptable to the Soviets could take years – and might not even be possible " – a judgment that would become obsolete within days , yet would live on into the new Bush administration as the Deputy Director of Central Intelligence , Robert Gates , would move to the White House as deputy national security advisor .
Just in case , however , the authors of the SNIE mention that " for political effect , the Soviets may also take unilateral initiatives " such as withdrawing some troops from Hungary .
But they completely misjudge the troops cuts , claiming that the " Soviets may attempt to portray force restructuring as a unilateral force reduction " but really this is " intended primarily to make units more effective for prolonged conventional combat operations against NATO . "
[ Source : released by CIA for 1999 conference at George H. W. Bush Center for Presidential Studies , Texas A & M University , published in Benjamin B. Fischer , ed. , At Cold War 's End ( CIA Center for the Study of Intelligence , 1999 ) ]
Document 7 : U. S. Senate , Select Committee on Intelligence , Soviet Task Force , Wednesday , December 7 , 1988
( Testimony of Doug MacEachin , Director , Office of Soviet Analysis , CIA ; Bob Blackwell , National Intelligence Officer for the Soviet Union , CIA ; and Paul Erickson , Deputy Director , Office of Soviet Analysis , CIA )
This remarkable closed - door testimony to the Senate Intelligence Committee by the top three CIA analysts of the Soviet Union occurs at the precise moment that Gorbachev is speaking to the United Nations on December 7 , 1988 .
MacEachin opens his testimony by saying " in about 15 minutes or so we may find out if one of my analytical judgments is going to turn out to be correct , " referring to his prediction that Gorbachev will have to cut the proportion of Soviet resources that go to the military .
At the same time , MacEachin disparages the " plausible but totally unfounded story of very large cuts . " ( page 3 ) Later ( page 32 ) he says that " Blackwell just went down the hall to watch some " of the U.N. speech on television , and ( page 36 ) he mentions the " news bulletin " of the 500,000 troop cut , calling the discussion " analysis on the fly . "
Most striking is the way this testimony illustrates the rifts within the U.S. government between Gorbachev skeptics like Robert Gates and the new national security advisor Brent Scowcroft on one side , and the career analysts like MacEachin on the other .
MacEachin remarks ( page 37 ) that " if Gorbachev is successful he will cause major social displacement in the United States " because " [t ] here are not many homes for old wizards of Armageddon , and it is kind of like old case officers trying to find employment . "
And MacEachin offers a true confession in the extraordinary passage on page 38 , which demonstrates how prior assumptions about Soviet behavior , rather than actual intelligence data points , actually drove intelligence findings :
" Now , we spend megadollars studying political instability in various places around the world , but we never really looked at the Soviet Union as a political entity in which there were factors building which could lead to the kind of – at least the initiation of political transformation that we seem to see .
It does not exist to my knowledge .
Moreover , had it existed inside the government , we never would have been able to publish it anyway , quite frankly .
And had we done so , people would have been calling for my head .
And I would n't have published it .
In all honesty , had we said a week ago that Gorbachev might come to the UN and offer a unilateral cut of 500,000 in the military , we would have been told we were crazy .
We had a difficult enough time getting air space for the prospect of some unilateral cuts of 50 to 60,000 . "
[ Source : published by the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee in 1992 in the three - volume record of the 1991 confirmation hearings on Robert Gates to be Director of Central Intelligence ]
Document 8 : Memorandum of Conversation , " The President 's Private Meeting With Gorbachev , " December 7 , 1988 , 1:05 – 1:30 p.m. , Commandant 's residence , Governors Island , New York
This poignant transcript of the last official meeting between President Reagan and General Secretary Gorbachev shows the two leaders practically avoiding any substantive discussion of the momentous changes in Soviet policy Gorbachev had just announced at the U.N.
Instead , they wax nostalgic for their series of summits dating back to Geneva 1985 , and Reagan presents the Soviet leader with an inscribed photograph of that meeting .
Gorbachev is clearly eager to move forward with the President - elect , who demurs that " he would need a little time to review the issues " ( even after eight years at Reagan 's right hand ? ) but " wished to build on what President Reagan had accomplished , working with Gorbachev . "
Ironically , Bush says " he had no intention of stalling things .
He naturally wanted to formulate prudent national security policies , but he intended to go forward . "
Yet , the transition to new hard - line advisers and the Bush White House determination to commission a months - long review of national security policy actually would stall forward progress on arms reductions and even any engagement with Gorbachev .
The two men would not meet again for an entire year ( until the Malta summit in December 1989 ) , and by that time , the world would have changed around them , the Berlin Wall would be gone , German unification would be the absorbing controversy , and Gorbachev would be losing the ability on his side to deliver more of what he announced at the U.N. that very day .
[ Source : released by the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library , National Security Archive FOIA request ]
Document 9 : Yakovlev- Matlock Conversation December 26 , 1988
In this conversation , requested by the U.S. ambassador to Moscow Jack Matlock , the Ambassador assures Politburo member and head of the International Commission Alexander Yakovlev that there would be continuity in U.S. policy toward the Soviet Union under the new President George H. W. Bush .
Matlock praises the new President 's seriousness and professionalism , compares him favorably to Reagan in terms of his experience in foreign policy , including being personally involved in developing the policy line toward the Soviet Union .
At the same time , however , Matlock states bluntly that the United States would not be ready with its approaches on strategic arms negotiations by February 15 ( the deadline for Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan ) , and that the new President needed time for an in - depth study and analysis of these issues .
Yakovlev emphasizes especially that the Soviet leadership is hoping for " enhanced continuity " and resolution on arms control issues and regional conflicts and that Gorbachev 's goal in his meetings in New York was precisely to prevent a long pause in U.S. - Soviet relations after the new administration comes to power .
Yakovlev also expresses his frustration with the U.S. position on the settlement in Afghanistan : " the United States so far has not shown any desire to actually encourage the Afghan settlement . "
[ Source : State Archive of the Russian Federation , Fond 100063 , opis 2 , delo 148
Translated by Svetlana Savranskaya for the National Security Archive ]
Document 10 : Politburo Session December 27 - 28 , 1988
This is one of very few official records of Soviet Politburo proceedings that are available publicly .
This December meeting is the first after Gorbachev 's return from the United States , having cut short his travels in order to deal with the results of the disastrous earthquake in Armenia .
Gorbachev devotes much time to summaries of the increasingly grave forecasts for his perestroika program by foreign analysts , but then dismisses their seriousness .
Part of the context for Gorbachev 's lengthy monologues and Shevardnadze 's proposals for a " businesslike " withdrawal of Soviet troops from Eastern Europe is the growing bewilderment of certain military and KGB leaders who were not fully informed in advance about the scale and tempo of Gorbachev 's announced unilateral arms cuts .
Still , there is no trace of real opposition to Gorbachev 's course .
The Soviet party leader has learned a lesson from the military 's lack of reaction to the previous discussions of " sufficiency , " and he is now ramming change down their throats .
Ever obedient , Defense Minister Yazov states , " everyone reacted with understanding , " even after Shevardnadze aggressively attacks the military for retrograde thinking , for directly contradicting the U.N. speech , and for proposing only " admissible " openness rather than true glasnost .
Ironically , when Shevardnadze and Ligachev suggest announcing the size of Soviet reductions " publicly , " Gorbachev objects : if the Soviet people and party learn how huge the Soviet defense expenditures really are , it will undermine the propaganda effect of his U.N. speech .
In yet another call for strategy vis-a - vis Eastern Europe , a conservative Politburo member , Vitaly Vorotnikov , says , " I consider the situation in a number of socialist countries to be so complicated that we should clarify our thinking in one document or another . "
No such integrated strategy ever appeared .
[ Source : RGANI .
Published in the Russian historical magazine Istochnik , Issue 5 - 6 , 1993 .
Translated by Vladislav Zubok for the National Security Archive ]
Document 11 : Director of Central Intelligence , National Intelligence Estimate 11-4 - 89 , " Soviet Policy Toward the West : The Gorbachev Challenge , " April 1989 ( Key Judgments only )
The remarkable section headlined " Disagreements " provides a striking contrast to President Reagan 's comment in the Governor 's Island summit that " we were all on Gorbachev 's side concerning the reforms he was trying to make in the Soviet system . "
Here , in a summary of the thinking of President Bush 's own top advisers Scowcroft and Gates , the estimate says " Some analysts see current policy changes as largely tactical , driven by the need for breathing space from the competition … .
They judge that there is a serious risk of Moscow returning to traditionally combative behavior when the hoped for gains in economic performance are achieved . "
In contrast , " Other analysts believe Gorbachev 's policies reflect a fundamental re-thinking of national interests and ideology as well as more tactical considerations … " and amount to " historic shifts in the Soviet definition of national interest " and " lasting shifts in Soviet behavior . "
The evidence now available from the Soviet side , including the documents included in this posting and the others in the National Security Archive 's series on the U.S. - Soviet summits , demonstrates that the latter analysts were precisely correct ; yet they did not have nearly the influence on U.S. policy after the 1986 Reykjavik summit , or especially in the first year of the George H.W. Bush administration , that the hard - liners did who were so wrong because of their presumptions about the Soviet Union .
These disagreements within the U.S. side and the suspicions of top policymakers in Washington would create a kind of paralysis in the process of arms reductions after Governors Island , leaving worldwide persistence of nuclear weapons and fissile material in particular at far higher levels than the U.S. and the Soviet Union could have achieved if a more accurate U.S. view of Gorbachev 's reforms had carried the day .
[ Source : released by CIA for 1999 conference at George H. W. Bush Center for Presidential Studies , Texas A & M University ; published in Benjamin B. Fischer , ed. , At Cold War 's End ( CIA Center for the Study of Intelligence , 1999 ) ]
Notes
1 . For the inside story on the Navy 's shortsighted refusal of on - site verification for SLCMs , see Jack F. Matlock , Jr. , Reagan and Gorbachev ( New York : Random House , 2004 ) , pp. 277-279 .
2. See Jack F. Matlock Jr. , Reagan and Gorbachev , p. 306 .
3. The New York Times , 8 December 1988 , p. 34 .
4 . For the Moynihan , Goodpaster and other international reaction , see Thomas Blanton , " When did the Cold War End ? " Cold War International History Project Bulletin 10 ( March 1998 ) , p.184 .
5. George Bush and Brent Scowcroft , A World Transformed ( New York : Alfred A. Knopf , 1998 ) , p. 46 .
6. Jack F. Matlock , Jr. , Autopsy on an Empire ( New York : Random House , 1995 ) , p. 177 ; Anatoly Chernyaev , My Six Years With Gorbachev , p. 201 .
7. Anatoly Chernyaev , My Six Years With Gorbachev ( University Park , PA : Penn State University Press , 2000 ) , p. 203 .
