The world ’s largest biomass power plant running exclusively on chicken manure has opened in the Netherlands .
The power plant will deliver renewable electricity to 90,000 households .
It has a capacity of 36.5 megawatts , and will generate more than 270 million kWh of electricity per year .
The biomass power plant is more than merely “ carbon neutral ” .
If the chicken manure were to be spread out over farm land , it would release not only CO2 , but also methane , a very potent greenhouse gas .
By using the manure for power generation , the release of methane is avoided .
The biomass power plant will utilize approximately 440,000 tons of chicken manure , roughly one third of the total amount produced each year in the Netherlands .
Many European countries , including the Netherlands , suffer under an excess of different types of animal manure that pollute the environment .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The prospects for a return of a Formula One race in the United States have improved after Bernie Ecclestone held talks with team principals in Belgium about putting the event back on the calendar in 2010 , autosport.com has learned .
The event at Indianapolis was dropped for this year after its circuit boss Tony George was unable to agree financial terms with Ecclestone to sort out a new contract at the end of 2007 .
But with no prospects for a last - minute deal rescuing the event even for 2009 , teams and Ecclestone discussed during a team principal 's meeting at Spa - Francorchamps about ensuring the event does return - although not necessarily at Indianapolis .
It is understood a number of teams have made it clear to Ecclestone that it is vital , especially amid the world 's current financial situation , for America to once again feature on the calendar .
Honda Racing CEO Nick
Fry told autosport.com : " The American GP is key for two reasons .
Firstly , this is supposed to be a world championship and a large part of it is made up of North America , so we should be going back there .
" Secondly , the North American market is absolutely vital to us , and for all the luxury car makers especially it is key .
It is a market Honda is successful in , with Honda and Acura , and we would like to get back there as soon as possible . "
BMW motorsport director Mario Theissen added : " It is important for BMW as a manufacturer but also for our sponsors .
The USA is still the biggest market for BMW and we should be there .
But we should be there successfully , so we have to find the right venue , the right setting and the right approach in order to make a point over there . "
When asked by autosport.com if he felt that Indianapolis was the right venue , Theissen said : " If I look at where we sell our cars it is certainly on the east coast and the west coast , so from that perspective it ( Indy ) is not the ideal venue .
" I know Bernie is negotiating with several regions or cities in the US but apparently there is nothing confirmed or nothing ready to be announced . "
Frank Williams said the event was vital even for independent teams like his .
" We all want it , " he explained .
" Many of our sponsors are very active in the US - and several American ones , like Thomson Reuters , AT&T , are looking to expand - Philips too . "
Fry echoed Theissen 's belief that a race located on either the Pacific or Atlantic coasts would be ideal - with sources suggesting that Ecclestone favours a race in Las Vegas .
" Ideally we would like a site on either coast , which is a key market for non-American brands .
And from our point of view , the sooner the better .
" Bernie is very good at understanding the market and what the manufacturers want .
He does realise the importance of this and we know he is doing his best to fix the problem , and we will give him all the support we can .
We are all aligned on the importance of America . "
Indianapolis spokesman Fred Nation said recently that his track was confident a deal could be put in place for them to return to the schedule .
" We are very optimistic for 2010 , " he said .
BAGHDAD , Aug. 2 ( UPI ) -- U.S. Defense Department contractor KBR says it has ordered its employees in Iraq to turn in their personal cell phones for security reasons .
The military services contractor , based in Houston , did not explain what security issues may be involved , CNN reported Saturday .
Advertisement
" The matter giving rise to this message is still being reviewed by KBR management , so the company will not provide further comment at this time , " the company said in a statement .
CNN said it had obtained a KBR company e-mail ordering employees in Afghanistan and Kuwait as well as in Iraq to hand over all personal cell phones to company officials .
I been tinkering with Haskell lately to get familiar with a purely functional programming language .
As a project to work on I 'm trying to port the Space Invaders emulator I wrote for Factor to Haskell .
I 'm pretty much a complete newbie to Haskell and have no idea on the best ways to implement this type of thing .
I 'm starting simple , seeing where the bottlenecks are , and will improve the code from there .
For representing the memory I 'm using a standard Haskell Array type .
Being a purely functional programming language this means that any updates to the array result in it being copied and the copy being returned .
If this turns out to be too inefficient there are some variations on this array type , including UArray for unboxed storage of values .
My first cut at an 8080 CPU abstraction was :
data Cpu = Cpu { a :: Word8 , b :: Word8 , c :: Word8 , d :: Word8 , e :: Word8 , f :: Word8 , h :: Word8 , l :: Word8 , pc :: Word16 , sp :: Word16 , doInterrupts :: Bool , mem :: Memory }
Functions that set register values in the Cpu type actually return a new Cpu with the old values copied across and the new value set .
' Memory ' is the array type :
type Memory = Array Word16 Word8
This represents a mapping from 16 bit numbers ( the memory address ) to 8 bit values .
To make the code easier to read I also created some data types to refer to the 8080 registers :
data Register16 = BC | DE | HL | SP | PC deriving ( Show ) data Register8 = A | B | C | D | E | F | H | L deriving ( Show )
To implement the instruction set I created an ' Instruction ' datatype with constructors for each possible type of 8080 instruction .
I got this idea from the OmegaGB Gameboy Emulator in Haskell .
Much thanks to the author of that for making their developer log and design ideas available .
As an example , part of my ' Instruction ' type is :
data Instruction = MoveRegister Register8 Register8 -- MOV r1,r2 | MoveFromMemory Register8 -- MOV r , M | MoveToMemory Register8 -- MOV M, r | MoveImmediate Register8 Word8 -- MVI r,data | MoveToMemoryImmediate Word8 -- MVI M, data | LoadRegisterPairImmediate Register16 Word16 -- LXI rp , data16 | LoadAccumulatorDirect Word16 -- LDA addr | StoreAccumulatorDirect Word16 -- STA addr | LoadHAndLDirect Word16 -- LHLD addr | StoreHAndLDirect Word16 -- SHLD addr | ...
My usual approach for decoding the machine code opcodes into these Instruction types would be to create a function that maps each opcode from 0 through to 255 to one of the instructions .
Instead of doing this I went to the 8080 instruction set reference and created Haskell overloaded functions that work on the binary of the opcode and decode the registers , etc to operate on from that .
So some of these functions look like :
opcodeToInstruction ( Binary 0 1 d3 d2 d1 1 1 0 ) _ _ = let r = register8 Lookup ( d3,d2,d1 ) in MoveFromMemory r opcodeToInstruction ( Binary 0 1 1 1 0 s3 s2 s1 ) _ _ = let r = register8 Lookup ( s3,s2,s1 ) in MoveToMemory r opcodeToInstruction ( Binary 0 1 d3 d2 d1 s3 s2 s1 ) _ _ = let r2 = register8 Lookup ( s3,s2,s1 ) r1 = register8 Lookup ( d3,d2,d1 ) in MoveRegister r1 r2 opcodeToInstruction ( Binary 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 ) b2 _ = MoveToMemoryImmediate b2
The ' register8 Lookup ' uses the binary string for the register as it is encoded in the opcode to return the actual register type :
register8 Lookup :: ( Integer , Integer , Integer ) -> Register8 register8 Lookup ( 1,1,1 ) = A register8 Lookup ( 0,0,0 ) = B register8 Lookup ( 0,0,1 ) = C register8 Lookup ( 0,1,0 ) = D register8 Lookup ( 0,1,1 ) = E register8 Lookup ( 1,0,0 ) = H register8 Lookup ( 1,0,1 ) = L
This had the advantage of letting the Haskell compiler work out exactly what instruction to decode the opcode value too .
It 's made the code quite readable .
A 'runInstruction ' function is used to execute the instruction and modify the Cpu type .
Some examples of implementations are :
runInstruction :: Cpu ->
Instruction -> Cpu -- Data transfer group runInstruction cpu ( MoveRegister r1 r2 ) = setRegister8 cpu r1 ( getRegister8 cpu r2 ) runInstruction cpu ( MoveFromMemory r ) = let hl = getRegister16 cpu HL v = readMemory8 cpu hl in setRegister8 cpu r v runInstruction cpu ( MoveToMemory r ) = let hl = getRegister16 cpu HL v = getRegister8 cpu r in writeMemory8 cpu hl v runInstruction cpu ( MoveImmediate r v ) = setRegister8 cpu r v runInstruction cpu ( MoveToMemoryImmediate v ) = let hl = getRegister16 cpu HL in writeMemory8 cpu hl v -- Branch Group runInstruction cpu ( Jump addr ) = setRegister16 cpu PC addr runInstruction cpu ( ConditionalJump condition addr ) = let c = isConditionTrue cpu condition in if c then setRegister16 cpu PC addr else cpu
The code that looks up the machine code byte from memory converts it to the ' Binary ' datatype and calls ' opcodeToInstruction ' to get the instruction out of it :
toBinary :: Word8 -> Binary opcodeToInstruction :: Binary -> Word8 -> Word8 -> Instruction readMemory8 :: Cpu -> Word16 -> Word8 step1 :: Cpu ->
Cpu step1 cpu = let addr = pc cpu opcode = readMemory8 cpu addr b2 = readMemory8 cpu ( addr+1 ) b3 = readMemory8 cpu ( addr +2 ) instruction = opcodeToInstruction ( toBinary opcode ) b2 b3 in runInstruction cpu instruction
With all the instructions implemented I ran a simple benchmark of 1,000,000 instructions .
Using '- O2 ' with GHC I got approximately 20 seconds on my machine ( an Athlon 2500 + ) which is a tad slow .
As a comparison , my Factor implementation runs 1,000,000 instructions in about 1.7 seconds .
An easy change to make was to change the memory type to use a UArray which is an unboxed array .
This immediately change the timing to 1.6 seconds .
Which is much better than I expected .
Remember that this is unoptimised code and purely functional .
The only impure code is the I/O printing the CPU registers after each instruction ( which I piped to / dev / null for the timings ) .
The implementation currently emulates about 90 % of the 8080 CPU instruction set .
I still need to handle interrupts and then add a simple GUI .
Once that 's done I 'll make the code available .
Overall I found Haskell quite easy to develop with .
I used ' ghci ' , the interpreter that is part of GHC , for most of the testing and iterative development .
Using that was a lot like developing with a Lisp REPL .
The static typing did n't get in my way and in fact it pointed to errors I 'd made at compile time instead of run time in a lot of cases .
I 'll see if that remains the case when I tackle the GUI though which is likely to be a bit more difficult .
A sequel to Richard Kelly 's cult hit Donnie Darko will begin shooting this month , Screen Daily reports .
Titled S. Darko , the film takes place eight years after the events of the first film and follows Samantha Darko ( Daviegh Chase ) , the younger sister of the first movie 's lead character , as she travels across America with her best friend Corey .
On the road trip the pair start to witness strange visions .
Chris Fisher ( Nightstalker ) will direct the film .
Kelly , who wrote and directed 2001's Donnie Darko , is not involved in the sequel .
" I am a great admirer of Richard Kelly 's film and hope to create a similar world of blurred fantasy and reality , " said Fisher .
Donnie Darko starred Jake Gyllenhaal as a teenager who , after a near death experience , is told by a giant bunny that the world will end in 28 days .
Fisher added : " Donnie 's not in [ the new film ] but there are meteorites and rabbits . "
S. Darko begins production on May 18 .
Fox has already secured North American distribution rights for the film .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
The Elephant
I 'll make this a short one .
I was just having a conversation with a friend , a Rubyist whose opinion I respect , who clued me in that he really hates when JRuby users use Java libraries with little or no Ruby syntactic sugar .
He hates that there 's a better chance every day that Java - related technologies will enter his world .
That he 's going to have to fix someone 's Java - like Ruby .
He lamented the lack of decent wrapper libraries that hide " the Java insanity " , that are just bare - metal shims over the Java classes they call .
He expressed his frustration that JRuby being successful will mean he 's going to have to deal with Java .
He does n't want to * ever * have to do that .
And he said it 's our fault .
I 've heard variations of this from other key Rubyists too .
There 's a lot of hate and angst in the Ruby community .
Many of them are Java escapees , who long ago decided they could n't tolerate Java as a language or were fed up dealing with some of the many failed libraries and development patterns it has spawned .
Some of them are C escapees who 've never quite been able to let go of C , be it for performance reasons or because of specific libraries they need .
Some of them have been Rubyists longer than anything else ( or maybe just longer than anyone else ) , and see themselves as the purists , the elite , the Ivory Tower , keepers of all that 's good in the Ruby world and judge , jury , and executioner for all that 's bad .
In the end , however , there 's one thing these folks share in common .
They think JRuby is a terrible idea .
Of course it 's not everyone .
I think the general Ruby populace still looks at JRuby as an interesting project ... for Java developers .
Or maybe just as a gateway to bring people into the community .
A growing minority of folks , however , have managed to move beyond prejudices against Java to make new tools , applications , and libraries using JRuby that might not otherwise have been possible .
And some folks are simply ecstatic about JRuby 's potential .
Why is JRuby such a polarizing issue ?
I do n't see this in the Python community , for example , which might surprise some Rubyists .
Pythonistas seem to have positively embraced both IronPython and Jython .
There 's no side - chatter at the conferences about the evils of anything with a J in it .
There 's no mocking slides , no jokes at Jython or IronPython developers ' expense .
No " Python elite " cliques actively working to shut Jython or IronPython out , or to discourage others from considering them .
The community as a whole -- Guido included -- seems to be genuinely thankful for implementation diversity .
Even if one of them does have a J in it .
What 's different about these two communities ?
Why ?
I work on JRuby .
For the past 3 - 4 years , it has been my passion .
There 's been pain and there 's been triumph : compatibility hassles ; performance numbers steadily increasing ; rewriting subsystems I swore I 'd never touch like IO and Java integration .
Over the past two years , I 've put in four years ' worth of work , writing compilers , rewriting JRuby 's runtime , rewriting whole subsystems , speaking at conferences , staying up late nights ( frequently ALL night ) helping users on the JRuby IRC channel or mailing lists , and hacking , hacking , hacking almost all day , every day .
For what ?
Because I want to infect the JRuby community with a new and more virulent strain of Java ?
Because I do n't know any better ?
I work on JRuby because I love Ruby and I honestly believe JRuby is one of the best things ever to happen to Ruby .
JRuby takes a decade of Java dogma and turns it on its head .
JRuby is n't about Java , it 's about taking the best of the Java platform and using it to improve Ruby .
It 's about me and others working relentlessly , writing Java so you do n't have to .
It 's about giving Ruby access to one of the best VMs around , to one of the largest collections of libraries in the world , to a pool of talented engineers who 've written this stuff a dozen times over .
Sure there 's crap in the Java world .
Sure the Java elite took power in the late 90s and started to jam a bunch of nonsense down our throats .
Sure the language has aged a bit .
That 's all peripheral .
JRuby makes it possible to filter out and take advantage of the good parts of the Java world without writing a single line of Java .
Tell me that 's not a good idea .
I sympathize with my friend ... I really do .
I 've not only seen a lot of really bad Ruby code come out of JRubyists , I 've created some of it .
Writing good code is hard in any language , but writing Ruby code that meets the Ivory Tower 's standards is like trying to decipher J2EE specifications .
If I have to listen to some speaker meditate on what " beautiful code " means one more time I think I 'm going to kill someone .
Yes , beauty is important .
I have my idea of beautiful code and you have yours , and there may be a nexus where the two meet .
But tearing into people who are trying to learn Ruby , trying to move away from Java , doing the best they can to meet the Ivory Tower 's standards of " beauty " ... well that 's just mean .
And it does n't have to be that way .
" Beauty " does n't have to be Ruby 's " Enterprise " .
JRuby does n't mean Java any more than MRI means C , Ironruby means C# , or Rubinius means C++ and LLVM .
JRuby , like the other implementations , is a tool , an enabler , an alternative .
JRuby does many things extremely well and others poorly , just like the other implementations .
It 's bringing new people into Ruby , and for that we should be thankful .
It 's pushing the boundaries of what you can do with Ruby , and for that we should be thankful .
It 's not about Java ... it's about learning from the successes and mistakes of the past and using that knowlege to push Ruby forward .
So what do we do about JRuby users that start writing Java code in Ruby ?
We teach them .
We help them .
We do n't slap a scarlet J on their chest and run them out of town .
What do we do about shim layers over Java libraries ?
We build a layer on top of that shim that better exercises Ruby 's potential , or we help build a new wrapper to replace the old .
That 's what Nick Sieger did with Warbler .
That 's what the Happy Campers are doing with Monkeybars and Jeremy Ashkenas did with Ruby - Processing .
More and more people are recognizing that JRuby is n't a threat , does n't represent the old world , does n't mean Java ... it means empowerment , it means standing on the shoulders of giants , and never having to leave Ruby .
I guess what it really comes down to is this :
The next time someone tries to cut down JRuby , tries to convince you it 's a bad idea , to avoid it , to stay away from the evils of Java ; the next time someone tears into a library author who has n't learned the best way to utilize Ruby ; the next time someone complains about a library that does n't lend itself to reimplementation on the C - based implementations , does n't hide the fact that it 's wrapping Java code ; the next time someone tries to convince you that JRuby is going to hurt the Ruby community ... you tell them to remember this :
JRuby is not going away .
More people try JRuby every day .
As long as Rubyists who know " the way " , who have learned how to create beautiful APIs and DSLs , who serve as the stars , the leaders of the Ruby community , setting standards for others to follow ... as long as those people try to marginalize JRuby , treat it like a pariah , or convince others to do the same ...
... it will only get worse .
Colbert asks : Does McCain plagiarize Wikipedia to show tech - savvyness ?
David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday August 14 , 2008
Print This Email This
Recent accusations that John McCain plagarized from Wikipedia in a recent speech on the conflict between Russia and Georgia could have simply been an effort to move away from earlier concerns that he does n't know how to use a computer at all .
" A lot of people have said a guy who ca n't use a computer is the wrong person for the White House , " Comedy Central host Stephen Colbert joked Wednesday night .
" The last time i checked , the president only needs to know how to press one button .
" But now comes proof that McCain has learned how to use a computer because evidently he has plagiarized from the Internets , " he continued .
Outlining the accusations that McCain copied from a Wikipedia entry on Georgia , saying it was among the " world 's first countries to adopt Christianity as an official religion . "
Wikipedia contained the same line , referring to one of the " first nations " to adopt the religion .
" Those words are interchangeable , just like Sunnis and Shiites , " Colbert said , transferring to a joke about McCain 's own confusion about the two Muslim sects .
" The Internet can be a creepy place , " Colbert said .
" But it 's a lot less creepy than McCain 's previous source of foreign policy information : Joe Lieberman . "
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Colbert Report , broadcast August 13 , 2008 .
Download video
Many species of animal age very slowly , and some so slowly that researchers have not yet been able to pin down either a rate of aging or a life span absent predation and accident .
Some of those species might not age at all , but we 'll have to wait for researchers to establish whether or not this is the case .
Take the lobster , for example .
Despite all the eating and farming that takes place , there 's less funding for basic research into lobster biology than you might expect .
As a consequence :
To date , there is no proven method to determine the exact age of a lobster .
... as best scientists can tell , lobsters age so gracefully they show no measurable signs of aging : no loss of appetite , no change in metabolism , no loss of reproductive urge or ability , no decline in strength or health .
Lobsters , when they die , seem to die from external causes .
They get fished by humans , eaten by seals , wasted by parasites , but they do n't seem to die from within .
Of course , no one really knows how the average lobster dies .
There are no definitive studies .
Turning to another common sea creature , species of sea urchin appear to be in the same boat as the lobster : if they 're aging , they 're doing it very slowly .
The red sea urchin Strongylocentrotus franciscanus is a long - lived species and may live in excess of 100 years based on tagging studies in the field and corroboration from radiocarbon analyses as reported in the literature .
Size - specific survival estimates reported here show no change in annual survival probability across the 6 largest 0.5 cm size classes from 14.6 to 18.1 cm .
In addition to no change in survival probability there is no reduction in reproductive capacity with size .
Red sea urchins show no evidence of senescence and so do not fit well within the context of the disposable soma theory of the evolution of longevity .
You 'll recall that a baseline definition for aging is an increase in mortality rate with time , which does n't happen for these urchins , or at least to any degree that can be detected via study methods at the present level of funding .
This presents a challenge for the classic interpretation of the evolution of aging , which suggests that putting more resources towards tissue repair and the upkeep of biological systems that can support extended life spans is a losing proposition .
Evolution favors the quick win , a fast and efficient organism that can reproduce quickly - and rapidly fall apart afterwards .
Or so the thinking goes .
Clearly , extremely long - lived and possibly ageless species did evolve , so theory must be extended .
The latest thinking on the matter theorizes that crowding can lead to a runaway evolutionary competition for longer lives , an arms - race for the biology that lets you wait out the competition for limited space :
adults live in crowded but stable conditions in which new opportunities for maturation arise rarely .
In such situations , it behooves an individual organism to outlive its neighbors , so that when they die its seedlings or larvae have a place to dig in and grow up .
Does the humble urchin have any relevance to the future of human aging and longevity medicine ?
Not directly , I 'd imagine , in the sense of applying learned science .
But as more people understand the range of what is possible in living organisms , support for engineering a better healthy life span in our species will grow , whether or not that goal is achieved by mining nature for new metabolic biotechnology .
The study is led by Dr Sam Parnia , Honorary Senior Research Fellow in the University 's School of Medicine , together with Dr Peter Fenwick and Professors Stephen Holgate and Robert Peveler of the University of Southampton .
Following a successful 18 - month pilot phase at selected hospitals in the UK , the study is now being expanded to include other centres within the UK , mainland Europe and North America .
“ Contrary to popular perception , ” Dr Parnia explains , “ death is not a specific moment .
It is a process that begins when the heart stops beating , the lungs stop working and the brain ceases functioning – a medical condition termed cardiac arrest , which from a biological viewpoint is synonymous with clinical death .
“ During a cardiac arrest , all three criteria of death are present .
There then follows a period of time , which may last from a few seconds to an hour or more , in which emergency medical efforts may succeed in restarting the heart and reversing the dying process .
What people experience during this period of cardiac arrest provides a unique window of understanding into what we are all likely to experience during the dying process . ”
A number of recent scientific studies carried out by independent researchers have demonstrated that 10 - 20 per cent of people who go through cardiac arrest and clinical death report lucid , well structured thought processes , reasoning , memories and sometimes detailed recall of events during their encounter with death .
During the AWARE study , doctors will use sophisticated technology to study the brain and consciousness during cardiac arrest .
At the same time , they will test the validity of out of body experiences and claims of being able to ‘ see ’ and ‘ hear ’ during cardiac arrest .
The AWARE study will be complemented by the BRAIN - 1 ( Brain Resuscitation Advancement International Network - 1 ) study , in which the research team will conduct a variety of physiological tests in cardiac arrest patients , as well as cerebral monitoring techniques that aim to identify methods to improve the medical and psychological care of patients who have undergone cardiac arrest .
Related links :
BBC
Study into near - death experiences
The Guardian
Postcards from heaven : scientists to study near - death experiences
Independent
Is it possible to have an ' out - of - body ' experience ?
User profile : 171720 Blog Interview Ken Drachnik On Suns Glassfish Oss App Server
This is 171720 Blog Interview Ken Drachnik On Suns Glassfish Oss App Server 's personal page .
171720 Blog Interview Ken Drachnik On Suns Glassfish Oss App Server
: : : : : : : : : :
Lady Lynn calls us all rednecks or whoever are bitter ; this coming from a woman who is worth 100 million .
I think John needs to exile her and Carly Fiorina off the airwaves .
Great job McCain , having Lady Lynn a woman with a royal title trying to relate to the middle class by calling us names during our economic crisis .
( H/T Americablog )
UPDATE
More from the humble Madame De Rothschild
WASHINGTON — Government workers in Denver engaged in secret sex and drug abuse with oil company employees and accepted thousand of dollars in gifts while handling billions of dollars worth of energy contracts , federal investigators said today .
Employees at the Minerals Management Service including the former head of the Denver division repeatedly and “ without remorse ” violated ethics rules over a four - year period , the Interior Department ’s Inspector General said .
The three reports released today describe a widespread pattern of abuse as well as a pervasive belief that the rules did n’t apply .
In the Royalty in Kind division of Minerals Management Service , the report said , “ between 2002 and 2006 , nearly one - third of the staff socialized with , and received a wide array of gifts and gratuities from oil and gas companies with whom RIK was conducting official business … these employees accepted gifts with prodigious frequency . ”
Gifts included ski and golf trips and dinners .
The Inspector General found ethics breeches by 19 employees , but focused on 13 workers .
In addition to the sex , drugs , and gifts , the employees are accused of rigging contracts , improperly helping oil company workers fix problems with their contracts , and working part - time as private oil consultants g to three reports released today by the Interior Department ’s Inspector General .
The employees argued that they needed to socialize with oil company executives in order to gain information , and “ when confronted by our investigators , ” the IG report said , “ none of the employees involved displayed remorse . ”
One report from the Inspector General focuses on Gregory W. Smith , the former head of the Denver Minerals Management Service .
In charge of 65 employees , Smith “ served as the public face of RIK as its senior - most representative to the oil and gas industry . ”
The report alleges that Smith had sex and took illegal drugs with subordinates .
Democrats immediately seized on the allegations .
From House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to Colorado Gov. Bill Ritter , they issued statements arguing that a too - cozy relationship between oil companies hurts taxpayers .
“ The investigation also must closely examine how much this type of corruption has cost American – and Colorado – taxpayers , ” Ritter said .
“ The oil - and - gas industry already benefits from taxpayer - funded subsidies , so the question is : how much has this scandal cost us in lost revenue ? ”
Pelosi , who Wednesday unveiled new energy legislation , tied in President Bush and Vice - President Dick Cheney .
“ Little did we know how cozy the relationship between Big Oil and the Administration ’s regulators have been , ” Pelosi said .
“ This report documents the ‘ pervasive culture of exclusivity ’ that has cheated the American taxpayer out of billions of dollars owed them by the oil companies .
Last month , The Denver Post reported on the pending release of the Inspector General ’s report , saying it was expected to help explain breakdowns in accountability in government energy deals and other questionable activities discovered by the office ’s investigators and whistle - blowers in recent years .
Many of the alleged misdeeds occurred when Gale Norton worked as Interior Department Secretary .
Now working as a general counsel with Royal Dutch Shell in Denver , Norton declined comment .
“ It ’s appropriate for me to let the Shell public affairs people discuss it , ” Norton said .
She declined to address the issue from the standpoint of the department she once headed .
Shell is one of the oil companies named in the report , along with Chevron , Hess Corporation and Denver - based Gary Williams Energy Corporation .
During the past year , in September and again in May , inspector general reports have portrayed MMS as a nest of conflict , lapsed controls and potential criminal conduct .
Last year , the division collected $ 11 billion from fees charged to oil , gas and mining companies for extracting offshore minerals in addition to production on federal and Indian lands .
The report notes that MMS is one of the federal government ’s largest sources of non -tax revenues .
MMS officials have allowed certain oil companies to skirt bidding procedures , modify sales contracts and avoid paying interest on royalties owed to the government , according to documents .
The MMS ’s royalty - in - kind program is at the center of the scrutiny .
The oil - and - gas lobby long pushed for such a system before it was implemented in 2004 under Norton .
The RIK program allows energy companies to pay the government a share of the actual oil product for the right to drill , instead of cash , avoiding accounting rules .
Such sales are held to fill the nation ’s Strategic Petroleum Reserve or to make oil available on the open market .
Executives at Denver - based Gary - Williams
Energy were among those who paid for meals , drinks and golf outings for MMS officials , according to the report .
A review of industry expense reports showed that Stacy Leyshon , who served as a minerals revenue specialist for the interior department ’s RIK office , received gifts valued at $ 1,068 from Gary - Williams from 2002 to 2006 , the report states .
The gifts included tickets to PGA events .
Don Hamilton , vice president of raw materials supply for Gary - Williams , offered the following philosophy about RIK employees attending industry events : “ ( You ) cannot market oil and get top dollar sitting in an ivory tower . ”
Gary - Williams bought products through Royalty - in - Kind ’s Small Refiner Program .
Gary - Williams assistant treasurer Rob Saunders confirmed that he purchased meals for MMS officials , according to the report .
Saunders said he felt taking individuals out for meals helped build rapport with them and made them more comfortable “ assigning open credit ” to Gary - Williams in conjunction with the oil the company purchased .
Sally Allen , a Gary - Williams spokeswoman , said today that the company had not seen the report .
While many oil - industry experts view the RIK program as potentially simpler than paying the government cash , Interior managers have allowed energy companies to twist rules at transaction levels generally unseen by the public , investigators say .
Oil corporations have frequently won changes to sales contracts and been allowed to submit bids after deadlines , tilting deals to their financial favor , without explanation and with little or no scrutiny of government lawyers , examiners have found .
Such practices , the inspector general concluded , lead to potential favoritism for certain energy companies , still unnamed , as well as taxpayer losses .
An examination this year of 718 bid packages turned up changes to 118 that appeared to inappropriately benefit corporations by $ 4.4 million — at the expense of the government .
Hints of unethical and potentially illegal activity were threaded through the May and September reports .
“ RIK staff had inappropriate relationships with industry executives .
RIK personnel still meet , ” one report said .
“ Potential criminal conduct of managers ” needs to be explored , according to the other report .
Denver Post Staff Writer Andy Vuong contributed to this report .
A nose job in a hospital with a private nurse in attendance had been something of a rite of passage for Joan Asher 's children .
But when her fourth and last child was ready for her own rhinoplasty recently , Ms. Asher asked her to postpone it .
The financial markets were simply more out of whack than her 16 - year - old 's proboscis .
" The other noses were more prominent , " the stay - at - home mother from a tony New York City suburb in Westchester County told her 16 - year - old daughter .
She could get hers done when things settled down .
The financial crisis on Wall Street has New York 's well - to - do reeling .
The people who fuel the area 's economy with their spending on art , fashion , cars , restaurants , plastic surgery and other luxe goods and services are starting to cut back once - lavish budgets .
As a result , those who cater to their every whim -- from nanny agencies to jewelers to yacht builders -- are seeing clients tighten their belts on expenses from the millions to the thousands .
At luxury boat builder Northrop & Johnson Yacht and Ship , headquartered in the British Virgin Islands , director Kathleen Mullen says a New York investor called this week trying to put off the purchase of a more than $ 25 million megayacht .
The client 's debating whether to back out of the deal completely .
He 'll still have to pay 10 % , Ms. Mullen says , since he 'd already signed the contract .
" He 's undecided about what he wants to do , " she says .
" People have been very shaken . "
American Airlines officially endorses an Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( ENDA ) that is inclusive of sexual orientation & gender identity .
Please show them your appreciation by supporting the company and sending a thank you letter !
" ( We are ) proud to express our strong support of federal workplace non-discrimination legislation that would extend basic job protections to gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender Americans .
We are proud to have been the first major airline to implement same - sex domestic partner benefits , first to implement both sexual orientation and gender identity in our workplace non-discrimination policies , and first to have a recognized LGBT employee resource group – GLEAM , "
American Airlines is a corporate leader in the resurgent effort to remind Congress of the will of the American people by writing a letter in support of a fully inclusive ENDA .
Please show your appreciation by emailing American Airlines customer relations and to fly American !
" Crossposted via our friends at Planet Transgender
Check out Sarah Palin last night getting cocky at the first town hall meeting where she was prepared to take questions from the audience : “ And if you want specifics with specific policy or countries , go ahead and you can ask me .
You can even play stump the candidate if you want to ! ”
Specific countries ?
Now that ’s some grasp of foreign policy :
It should be noted that McCain quickly stepped in after this and Palin was not subjected to a quiz .
Good first question :
Which continent is Spain on ?
Halliburton sued for human trafficking John Byrne
Published : Thursday August 28 , 2008
Print This Email This Twelve men recruited in Nepal died after forced transfer to Iraq , lawfirm says Thirteen Nepali men were recruited and held against their will for thirteen months in a human trafficking scheme engineered and perpetrated by Halliburton and its Jordanian contractor , according to a lawsuit filed yesterday in California federal court .
The Nepali men , each between the ages of 18 and 27 , were allegedly hired as kitchen staff by the then - Halliburton subsidiary KBR and its Jordanian subcontractor , Daoud & Partners .
Once they arrived in Jordan , however , their passports were seized and they were dispatched to Iraq .
" Tragically , as the men were being transported to Iraq , a car containing twelve of the men was stopped by members of the Ansar al - Sunna Army , an insurgent group , " the Washington lawfirm Cohen , Milstein , Hausfeld & Toll writes .
" The 12 men in the car were taken hostage and executed by the insurgents .
The executions were filmed and posted on the Internet .
The Inspector General for the United States Department of Defense investigated and confirmed the facts related to the fate of the 12 men , which led to increased enforcement of anti-trafficking measures by the United States . "
Only one man survived .
After he was released by Iraqi rebels , he said he was assigned to work as a loader / unloader in a US military warehouse facility supervised by KBR .
He asserts that he was held for 15 months against his well , before the firm finally allowed him to return home to Nepal .
Cohen , Milstein is suing on behalf of their families and the remaining survivor , Buddi Prasad Gurung .
According to the law firm , their families went deep into debt to pay recruiting fees to Halliburton 's contractor in order to get promised jobs .
This spring , a judge at the Department of Labor ordered KBR 's contractor , Daoud , to pay $ 1 million to the families of 11 of the victims .
" The Inspector General for the United States Department of Defense investigated and confirmed the facts related to the fate of the 12 men , which led to increased enforcement of anti-trafficking measures by the United States , " the lawfirm said in a release .
KBR declined to comment directly on the charges when contacted by the Washington Post Wednesday .
" KBR has not seen the lawsuit so it is premature for us to comment at this time , " KBR spokeswoman Heather Browne wrote the Post in an e-mailed statement .
" The safety and security of all employees and those the company serves remains KBR 's top priority .
The company in no way condones or tolerates unethical or illegal behavior . "
KBR was spun off from Halliburton in a 2006 IPO , and formally disengaged from the company in 2007 .
The spinoff appears party as a result of negative press relating to allegations the company engaged in overbilling and got sweetheart deals .
KBR had been Halliburton 's engineering arm for 44 years , and was also accused of overbilling and sweetheart deals during the Vietnam War .
The family members and the survivor are suing under the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act , the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act , and the Alien Tort Claims Act .
The DC lawfirm representing them often focuses on victims of forced and slave labor and other violations of international law .
More than half of all frogs , toads and newts living in Europe could be driven to extinction within 40 years as climate change , diseases and habitat destruction take their toll , scientists warned last night .
The majority of the most threatened species live in Mediterranean regions , which are expected to become warmer and drier .
Island species , such as the Mallorcan midwife toad and Sardinian brook newt , are especially at risk because they are unable to move to cooler climates .
In Britain , where viruses are already wiping out many hundreds of amphibians a year , conservationists fear for the future of the common toad , natterjack toad and crested newt .
Researchers described the bleak outlook for Europe 's amphibians at a meeting of the Zoological Society of London last night .
Sir David Attenborough , who was due to attend the symposium , said : " Amphibians are the lifeblood of many environments , playing key roles in the function of ecosystems , and it is both extraordinary and terrifying that in just a few decades the world could lose half of all these species . "
One in three of the world 's amphibians are already on the International Union for the Conservation of Nature 's red list of endangered species , with some estimates suggesting 150 species have already become extinct since the 1980s .
The expansion of towns and cities into natural habitats is chiefly to blame for the amphibians ' precarious future , but many scientists believe climate change and diseases are acting together as a double whammy .
" A lot of European amphibians , especially those found in the Mediterranean , cannot move to find more suitable habitats , because they are surrounded by sea water , which they can't tolerate , or they are blocked off by mountain ranges , " said Trent Garner , research scientist at the Zoological Society of London .
Snakes , fish and birds that prey on the amphibians are already showing some signs of decline as the staple of their diet dies out .
The disappearance of some amphibians is also expected to lead to a rise in insects and other creatures that amphibians feed on .
" Given that many of the things that amphibians eat are the things that destroy our crops or bite us and suck our blood , we might be feeling some of the effects a bit more directly than we 've expected , " said Garner .
Ten years ago , scientists raised the alarm after finding vast numbers of amphibians were being wiped out by chytrid fungus , which infects the skin through which many of the animals drink and breathe .
Scientists in Australia now suspect they have lost nine species to the infection .
In recent decades chytrid fungus has spread rapidly , appearing almost everywhere there are amphibians .
Some scientists believe the fungus has become more deadly as a result of climate change .
One alarming case has been seen in the Peñalara national park near Madrid , where the climate has become more humid and the fungus has caused mass mortality among amphibians .
Garner and his colleagues based their assessment on published research into the effects of climate change on amphibian habitats , and believe more than 40 species could be extinct by 2050 .
One study showed that as global warming alters the climate in Europe , almost every amphibian habitat would be affected .
" It 's horrifying to think that you can have a large group of organisms suffer such a catastrophic decline .
Over 150 species may have gone extinct already in the past few decades and to me that is unacceptable , " said Garner .
In Britain , infections caused by a family of pathogens called ranaviruses , which emerged in the 1980s , are causing widespread deaths among some of the most common amphibians .
" When people find frogs in their gardens that look emaciated with sores all over their bodies , and quite often with toes missing , that is probably ranavirus , " said Garner .
Scientists at the meeting will emphasise the need to reduce the effects of climate change by reining in greenhouse gas emissions , but for many species that will come too late .
In the short term , conservationists are urging zoos to set up captive breeding programmes for the most threatened amphibians .
The American Psychiatric Association is currently in the process of putting out their new Diagnostic Statistical Manual which deals with all aspects of psychiatric disorders and issues .
Currently transgender people are unfairly labeled as having " Gender Identity Disorder " even though the research goes to show that this is not a disorder but yet a variation of the human condition .
People on the task force such as Dr. Kenneth Zucker are advocates of " reparative therapy " and are promoting the notion that gender variance is a mental illness .
Please contact the APA about this and demand trans - friendly and LGBT friendly individuals be put on the panel discussing Gender Identity .
Call Toll - Free : 1-888-35 -PSYCH
Click here to email officials at the APA
Maddow : McCain using the Rove campaign playbook David Edwards
Published : Thursday September 25 , 2008
Print This Email This Some of the tactics the McCain campaign has been using seem to come out of the Rove / Bush playbook .
Will using these tactics pay off in November ?
Rachel Maddow is joined by Mother Jones Magazine 's David Corn .
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast September 24 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
At the core of extreme narcissism is egotistical preoccupation with self , personal preferences , aspirations , needs , success , and how he / she is perceived by others .
Some amount of basic narcissism is healthy , of course , but this type of narcissism is better termed as responsibly taking care of oneself .
It is what I would call “ normal ” or “ healthy ” narcissism .
Extreme narcissists tend to be persons who move towards eventually cutting others off and becoming emotionally isolated .
There are all types of levels on that road to isolation .
Narcissists come in all shapes , sizes , and degrees .
I would like to address how a person becomes an extreme narcissist .
Narcissism , in lay terms , basically means that a person is totally absorbed in self .
The extreme narcissist is the center of his own universe .
To an extreme narcissist , people are things to be used .
It usually starts with a significant emotional wound or a series of them culminating in a major trauma of separation / attachment .
No matter how socially skilled an extreme narcissist is , he has a major attachment dysfunction .
The extreme narcissist is frozen in childhood .
He became emotionally stuck at the time of his major trauma of separation / attachment .
Are you a narcissist ?
Take the quiz to find out now
In my work with extreme narcissist patients I have found that their emotional age and maturity corresponds to the age they experienced their major trauma .
This trauma was devastating to the point it almost killed that person emotionally .
The pain never was totally gone and the bleeding was continuous .
In order to survive , this child had to construct a protective barrier that insulates him / her from the external world of people .
He generalized that all people are harmful and cannot be trusted .
The protective insulation barrier he constructed is called a false persona .
He created a false identity .
This identity is not the true person inside .
The many types of false personas or identities that an extreme narcissist creates can vary .
Some narcissists may have the ability to change into a variety of identities according to the situation .
The wounded child inside may choose to present a front as a “ bad ass ” and tough individual .
He may look , by appearance , intimidating and scary to the average person .
He could also play the “ nice guy / person ” whom everyone likes .
A corporate type version can be one that is diplomatic , proper , and appearing to care but in reality does not .
Another very likeable extreme narcissist can be the one that chooses the comedian role .
He is the life of the party and has everyone in stitches , making them laugh constantly .
Everyone wants to include this person because they are a lot of fun .
Try to get close or ask personal questions as to how he is internally doing and feeling and you will find is that he will quickly distract you .
They will sidestep the question with another joke , making you suddenly forget what you were asking .
Narcissists can be very skilled at dodging and ducking personal questions .
If you press them , they will then slot you as “ unsafe ” and will begin to avoid you and exclude you from their life .
There is also the success oriented narcissist .
She will be your friend and keep you close to her as long as you are useful .
Once you do not have anything more to offer and she has taken all they wanted from you , you are history .
You are no longer desired , wanted , or sought .
I remember a significant half dozen of these in my life .
One narcissist in particular avoids me like the plague because he knows that I do not ultimately plan my life around whether people like me or not .
Hence my behavior cannot be controlled by him .
He is threatened by my self - assuredness .
I ’m not safe to him .
It does not matter that I have helped him in critical moments of his life .
When he realized that he could not control me to make him look good when I was with him , he dropped me like a heavy weight .
I received no more phone calls and was taken off his radar screen .
Another extreme narcissist stopped calling me when I got my Ph.D. I believe that , in his insecurity , he could no longer look “ better ” than me and be the focal person .
As a result , he felt threatened that I had a more powerful image than he did .
I think it is silly because I do not care about whether people have degrees to validate their intrinsic value as a human being .
In my ministerial past , I have had several colleagues that I considered to be like blood brothers .
We had sworn honesty and loyalty to each other .
Once I opened up my weaknesses to them and then asked them to reciprocate , they looked for excuses to label me and reject me .
The more I pressed them about their lack of being forthcoming and failing at their own promise of commitment to the friendship , the more vehement they became at avoiding disclosure of their warts to me .
Of course , I already knew many of their flaws and already had no problem accepting them .
Now it was their turn and they shut down and put up the thick wall .
This is what genuine narcissists do .
This is sad but it happens all the time with individuals that are scared to go down the road to becoming whole and healthy .
It is like going under the knife of a surgeon .
When there is a legitimate organic threat as with a malignant tumor , it can be hard to submit to the truth and then the treatment .
This , however , is a door to a better life .
Is there hope for an extreme narcissist living in an emotional and relational fort of isolation .
Is a narcissist able to have a healthy life ?
Definitely !
I ’ve seen many extreme narcissists become extremely healthy in their emotional and relational life .
The first step is to find competent and safe help that knows how to heal emotional traumas .
Just because a counselor may have all kinds of credentials it does not mean they are competent in dealing effectively with trauma issues .
Because extreme narcissists tend to have an early history of emotional wounds they are full of distrust .
If they can get past this hurdle then they can begin to find help to heal .
Second , extreme narcissists have to be willing to enter the realm of their feelings again .
They have been the masters of covering and hiding , even to themselves .
They now have to start uncovering painful wounds .
They have taught themselves to stuff and disconnect their own feelings for years .
Because of this , they tend to live inside their heads , in the realm of so called reason .
They are likely to live in the world of rational principles , laws , rules , which are all linear .
This domain is a realm they feel they can control .
It is devoid of feelings .
The realm of the heart or feelings is very intimidating and unsafe to them because it is non-linear and there is very little control of the outcomes .
If extreme narcissists can overcome these two hurdles then there is much hope for them .
They are on their road to healing .
A video by the author on the same subject :
How to Spot a Narcissist !
How to Spot a Narcissist
DAKAR ( Reuters ) - Chaotic transport is a part of life in West Africa , but getting to work has become even harder as rocketing fuel prices ignite protests by bus and taxi drivers , squeeze family budgets and encourage fuel smuggling .
Passengers travel in a bus locally known as " car rapide " in Senegal 's capital Dakar , July 16 , 2008 .
Chaotic transport is part of life in West Africa , but getting to work may become even harder as skyrocketing fuel prices ignite protests by bus and taxi drivers , squeeze family budgets and increase social tensions .
REUTERS / Normand Blouin
Global oil prices doubled in the past year and continued to rise strongly in 2008 , hitting hard those who earn a living on the roads of some of the world ’s poorest countries .
This has fuelled social unrest in some fragile countries whose governments do not have the means to indefinitely soak up the higher fuel prices with subsidies .
Battered taxis and colorful minibuses with smashed lights and cracked windscreens are a common sight in West Africa , where most people rely on them to get around .
But their drivers say soaring fuel prices have swallowed all their profits .
“ We work only to pay for the fuel , we are not making money , ” Moussa , who has been a taxi driver in Senegal ’s capital Dakar for seven years , said as he stopped to fill his tank .
The price of diesel here has risen by a quarter since the start of the year to 813 CFA francs ( $ 1.92 ) per liter , but taxi drivers find it hard to pass on the higher costs .
“ We ask for more , but clients cannot give us more because they have no money , ” said Moussa , who declined to give his last name .
High fuel prices have triggered some strikes already and prompted threats of more .
Birame Faye , a young minibus driver in Dakar , said drivers ’ meager revenues had fallen by more than a third .
Minibus drivers have to pay for the fuel out of the day ’s earnings , he said , while government - fixed fares have remained steady for the passengers who cram inside in the summer heat .
“ We want the government to increase the fares so that we can feed ourselves , ” Faye said , adding that drivers might go on strike if that did not happen .
Many West African governments have tried to cushion the effects of price hikes on consumers by reducing taxes and levies on food imports and bolstering subsidies for essential items , like rice and fuel .
But subsidies weigh heavily on governments ’ budgets and some countries , like Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso , have now moved to increase fuel prices to reflect , at least partly , higher oil prices .
That has , in turn , sparked more protests .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
STRIKES
Ivory Coast ’s economic capital Abidjan was paralyzed by a transport strike in July after the government decided to raise gasoline and diesel prices by 29 and 44 percent respectively .
Police used teargas to disperse dozens of youths who set up roadblocks , before the government agreed to reduce the diesel price increase and halve ministerial salaries .
Cocoa exports from the world ’s number one producer of the bean used to make chocolate were not badly affected as the strike was staged during a seasonal lull .
And some of those stranded by the strike were sympathetic .
“ We all agree with the strike because life has become too expensive , ” Patricia Camara , a secretary at an insurance company in Abidjan ’s downtown business area said .
“ Everything is getting expensive in Abidjan but our salaries do not rise , ” she said as she waited for a cab to get home .
Even in Nigeria , the world ’s eighth largest crude oil exporter , surging oil prices prompted thousands of gasoline truck drivers to go on strike early in July .
Long lines formed at gasoline stations in the capital Abuja , the commercial hub Lagos and other cities as drivers sought to fill their tanks , fearing the strike would disrupt supplies .
Diesel prices have risen 110 percent in the past few months to around 170 naira ( $ 1.28 ) per liter .
As in Ivory Coast , unions suspended their strike after Nigeria ’s government pledged to further subsidize diesel prices .
Higher transport costs ripple across the region ’s economies .
“ We ca n’t even eat well , and now the cost of transport is increasing , ” said Ivorian insurance broker Benjamin Kouakou .
“ This is killing us because when transport prices rise , everything becomes more expensive . ”
Lisa Borgatti , from the United Nations Conference on Trade And Development ( UNCTAD ) , said last month that the impact of rising oil prices on poor economies would be “ terrible . ”
“ In terms of the impact on the price of transportation , it means the price of goods imported and exported increases , and many of the goods imported are primarily food - related , so that ’s an extra cost , especially to the poor , ” she said in Dakar .
RESIGNATION
However , in some West African countries , people say there is not much point in striking because the problem is a global one .
Mbaye Gue , a Senegalese taxi driver in the business since the 1970s , smiles when asked if he expects a strike in Dakar .
“ Everything increases , our profit decreases , it ’s exhausting .
But this is happening worldwide , we ca n’t do anything about it , ” he said .
This resignation may be good news for governments struggling to maintain subsidies that many analysts say are unsustainable .
Landlocked Burkina Faso raised fuel prices in July by 6.5 to 15 percent , depending on the type of fuel , after a six - month freeze during which oil company SONABHY said it lost more than $ 40 million .
“ The government became aware that it had become impossible for SONABHY to continue working if the price freeze was maintained , ” the firm ’s Director General Hubert Yameogo said .
Subsidies have also encouraged smuggling .
In Sierra Leone , where the price of fuel has gone from 13,000 to 16,500 Leones ( $ 4.46 to $ 5.67 ) a gallon in less than a year , subsidies are nonetheless keeping prices lower than in neighboring states .
“ We have seen successful attempts at smuggling on the increase .
In Guinea - Conakry , I understand it ’s 27,000 Leones a gallon , so fuel ... is smuggled out , ” Trade , Industry and State Enterprises Minister Alimamy Koroma told Reuters .
Repossession of your
Home – one of the most traumatic events in any person ’s life
In the current economic climate it is distinctly possible that even somebody who is very careful with money can fall on hard times .
The bond repayment that was well within your reach when you bought the house has now become a commitment that you cannot manage – because of rising interest rates , and the price of fuel , food and other essential items .
Irrespective of the reason why you have stopped paying your mortgage – redundancy , death of the breadwinner , divorce , failed business venture , inability to refinance and many more – the bank will take action as soon as mortgage payments are not kept up to date , and will repossess your house if they feel you are unable to meet your monthly repayments presently or in the future .
What a wonderful relief it would be if you could go to bed again at night and fall asleep without this sword hanging over your head .
The good news is that we can prevent the repossession of your house , if you are willing to work with us .
There are , however , a few things that you must understand beforehand :
The biggest mistake that property owners make who cannot meet their bond payments , is not to contact the bank in good time , but wait until the bank contacts them first .
Many property owners then ignore the bank ’s calls and letters .
Now alarm bells will ring at the bank immediately !
If you see that you will not be able to make any month ’s payment , you must contact the bank , explain your situation , and make an appointment to see them .
It is in the bank ’s interest to find a solution to the problem .
There are various possible solutions – each person ’s situation is unique
The bank may give you a payment ‘ holiday ’ until your situation has improved – like 6 months of paying only half the monthly amount , or 3 months of making no payments , depending on your personal situation .
You could extent your mortgage payback period to 30 years , or apply for an interest only mortgage ( SA Homeloans , for instance offers interest only mortgages ) .
This will give you more cash in hand , but you will be paying more interest .
You could change the mortgage repayment again after reorganising your finances .
Your accountant or financial advisor could give you financial advice ( NOT an insurance broker ! ) .
They have seen situations like this before and might give you feasible ideas that can be implemented .
The consequences of not keeping up with your mortgage payments :
The bank will repossess your property if you do not keep up with your monthly payments , and do not communicate with them to find a solution .
If a solution cannot be found , the bank will take steps to have the property repossessed .
Some people give up and wait for the bank to do the repossession .
They think that all their financial worries will be over after the bank has repossessed the house – but as soon as your house has been repossessed , all your creditors will be knocking on your door .
Someone who has gone through repossession might be financially ruined for a very long time , because he will not be able to get credit .
When the house has been repossessed , the Sheriff will auction it .
The bank will also be bidding at this auction .
If the property is worth R1 000 000 , for instance , and the outstanding bond is R500 000 , the bank will bid at the auction up to R500 000 , and then leave the auction .
If the bid is granted at R500 000 , the bank will get their outstanding money back .
If you think you will get some money back after the auction , you may be in for a very nasty surprise .
Many auctions do not go much higher than the reserve price that the bank has asked for .
Now the owner has no house PLUS a bad credit record .
He may not be able to get credit for a long time ( talking in years ! ) , and struggle to rebuild his life .
How we can help you
The best action to take to prevent repossession is to team up with us in a Joint Venture .
We will stop any legal action or auction against you .
We will not only save your house from repossession , but also any other legal action from car finance company , council , doctors , credit card company or any other creditor .
We will work with you to resolve your debt and creditor problem .
We have helped many customers over the past 6 years and we want to help you too .
Feedback from clients is available on request .
The solution to your debt problem is normally to sell your house .
We will value your house and make you an offer .
There is no obligation to sell property to us .
The sale of your house will take time .
The average house is selling in 7 month ( October 2014 ) and then registration takes 3 months .
In this time we will pay all your house expenses so that you have time to find your feet .
We highly recommend you use us as a last resort .
You need to make sure that you have no family member able to help you with a loan .
There is an option to apply for debt review as well .
But if you have tried everyone else , we will help you .
This will be a joint venture so we will have to work together to resolve your debt .
Our Criteria
We are not able to help everyone .
There are certain criteria according to which we can help you :
We must be your last resort , and you must be willing to work with us .
First of all we must value your property to see if you have enough equity in it .
Equity is the difference between the market value of your property and your outstanding bond .
Should you meet the criteria , we will help you .
The ratio between the value of your house and your outstanding bond must be 65 % to 80 % .
There must be enough equity in your house to pay all your creditors and service the mortgage and up keep of the house until it is sold .
That is why we can only help you when you have 65 % 80 % equity in your house .
Your next step is to complete form below or call me with any questions regarding the possible joint venture .
Do not procrastinate and wait until it is too late .
Contact me today and complete form below .
I will contact you within 24 hours .
Your Name ( required )
Your Email ( required )
Subject
Your Message
or
Contact Colin Brazendale at :
Email : colin@prevent-repossession.co.za
Cell : 072 838 6854
Karl Rove , who has perhaps done more than any one man to usher in close to a decade of murderous and corrupt Right - wing policies assaulting the planet , still prances about with the utmost hubris , defying Congressional subpoenas while wrapping himself in his own parody of the Constitution .
But those whom the Gods would destroy they often first mock , and perhaps that is why there was some great guerrilla theater against Rove last Friday in Virginia Beach .
Rove was in Virginia Beach , Virginia , one of the most popular beach resorts in the country , on Friday , July 18 for a Rep.
Thelma
Drake fundraiser at a local steakhouse ( for red meat Republicans only ) located in the central area called Town Center .
However , this routinely ritual event of passing the collection plate was greeted outside by some 40 plus protesters from across Eastern Virginia , who not only confronted Karl Rove and his adoring Republican donors with signs such as " Arrest Karl Rove " and " Rove Exposed CIA Agent " , but who also engaged in verbal jousting with some of the Rove faithful , who were visibly upset as they entered the steakhouse .
However , police were on hand to keep things peaceful .
Then , while those inside were carving away at hopefully cooked , not raw , portions of steak luncheons costing , I am told , $ 200 to $ 300 apiece , the protesters outside proceeded to put on some ingenuous guerrilla theater .
This was a rather unique performance , one that had been perhaps two weeks in planning and rehearsing , with an actual script and costumes .
Nader supporters , Obama supporters , Ron Paul followers , members from Code Pink , MoveOn.org , Iraq Veterans against the War , 9 - 11 Truthers and various other groups all assembled to stage an open - air , mock trial of Karl Rove .
A judge in black robes and English white whig , a bailiff in a very realistic uniform with badge , the defendant Karl Rove portrayed by a tall woman with a Rove mask , devil ’s horns and wearing a trademark tan suit , another woman playing Valerie Plame , plus a rather unsympathetic jury then acted out the ten minute script , while media video and digital cameras blinked , flashed and clicked away at the trial as Rove was charged , testimony heard and verdict reached , culminating with Rove being led off in chains and handcuffs .
All the local TV stations were present , as well as The Virginian - Pilot and the Christian Science Monitor , among others .
During the mock trial , the bailiff charging Rove with a variety of crimes such as electoral fraud , treason , enabling a contrived war leading to vast human suffering , exposing the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame and defying a Congressional subpoena .
I know that there are Rove watchers out there who could rattle off about another two dozen charges , but less is more in theater .
To all intents , the mock trial went really well and made its point , that Rove , the Neocon Machiavellian ringmaster , who has been using his own smoke and mirrors and political theater for years to promote the Right ’s reactionary agenda while going far beyond the pale legally , ethically and morally , is due for a fall .
Karl
Rove arrogantly thinks he is above the law and should in turn be chastised by the law .
If we want to set America right , then the thousands of lawless politicians , bureaucrats , business cronies and camp followers that Rove has helped spawn must be reigned in by the long arm of the law .
Otherwise the downward spiral of destruction will continue .
After the luncheon and trial , some 15 protesters went around to the rear of the steakhouse to confront Rove when he was coming out .
Things got rather noisy and saucy as Rove climbed back in his chauffeured car .
In response to the protest , Rove had this to say to the Virginian Pilot reporter on scene :
Asked about the protest , Rove called it " anemic . "
" I was sort of upset , " he said .
" There should have been more people . "
Drake said the protest was " misguided " and that it did n't bother her .
( source )
Drake herself has a strange definition of " guided " .
It is well known that her political guidance system is pegged to follow whatever comes out of George bush 's mouth , that she is basically a hodge - podge of Republican clichés and banalities masquerading as policies .
Rove , meanwhile , might have been referring to the fifteen protesters in the rear , not the larger number at the mock trial .
Be that as it may , perhaps America can soon hold a real trial of Mr. Rove in a real courtroom , one that is sure to garner the maximum attention he apparently craves .
*********
Following are various videos of the mock trial of Karl Rove : 1 ) Here is a protester 's raw footage video of the mock trial .
It could use some editing , but you can get the drift of the trial from it : ( Click here )
2 ) Another activist took some great photos of the event and created a YouTube video set to some telling music : ( Click here )
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
We did not make ourselves is one thing
I keep singing into my hands
while falling
asleep
for just a second
before I have to get up and turn on all the lights in the house , one after the
other , like opening an Advent calendar
My brain opening
the chemical miracles in my brain
switching on
I can hear
dogs barking
some trees
last stars
You think you ’ll be missed
it wo n’t last long
I promise
* *
I ’m not dead but I am
standing very still
in the back yard
staring up at the maple
thirty years ago
a tiny kid waiting on the ground
alone in heaven
in the world
in white sneakers
I ’m having a good time humming along to everything I can still remember
back there
How we ’re born
Made to look up at everything we did n’t make
We did n’t
make grass , mosquitoes
or breast cancer
We did n’t make yellow jackets
or sunlight
either
* *
I did n’t make my brain
but I ’m helping
to finish it
Carefully stacking up everything I made next to everything I ruined in broad
daylight in bright
brainlight
This morning I killed a fly
and did n’t lie down
next to the body
like we ’re supposed to
We ’re supposed to
Soon I ’m going to wake up
Dogs
Trees
Stars
There is only this world and this world
What a relief
created
over and over
My projects , ideas , and mistakes : considered useless by many , interesting by some , and humorous by few , respectively .
“ It is difficult to get a man to understand something , when his salary depends upon his not understanding it ! ” – Upton Sinclair
Upton Sinclair was describing willful ignorance based upon who butters your bread .
The rampant corruption of our society , as power has been consolidated into fewer and fewer hands , has resulted in our political , financial , cultural and economic systems being captured by a billionaire class who use their wealth to dictate the path we are forced to follow – or lose everything .
The sociopath class include the Silicon Valley social media titans , the billionaires running the six mainstream media companies , the rogue billionaires like Soros and Bloomberg who fund chaos and foment insurrection , the Deep State surveillance agency operatives like Clapper , Brennan , Comey and Mueller doing the bidding of the oligarchy , Wall Street criminals like Dimon , Paulson , and Blankfein doing god ’s work , and last but certainly not least – Powell , Yellen , Bernanke and slimy Kashkari priming the pump for the never ending systematic pillaging of the nation ’s wealth .
Read full article ...
The expression “ elephant in the room “ …
“ … an important or enormous topic , question , or controversial issue that is obvious or that everyone knows about but no one mentions or wants to discuss because it makes at least some of them uncomfortable or is personally , socially , or politically embarrassing , controversial , inflammatory , or dangerous .
( source )
A wordy definition , yes ; but it is applicable to our topic of Fractional - Reserve Banking .
After reading the rest of this article , you should be able to see just how important and enormous Fractional - Reserve Banking is ; as well as how dangerous .
Lets ’s start with some history .
Read full article ...
Last week was mostly a downtrend week from Monday - Thursday with lower highs and lower lows .
The bears needed to close Friday at the lows or near the lows in order to retain momentum heading into this week .
But Friday morning , the lower lows opportunity was immediately squashed with a V - shape reversal back into the 3337 , and then the rest of the day was spent grinding higher because short - term bears were trapped , so the opposing side was running into the 3268/3285 next key levels .
The main takeaway heading into this week is whether 3330 - 3350 key resistance region on the Emini S&P 500 ( ES ) can formulate the next daily lower highs , or whether the temporary bottom from last week is turning into more of a concrete bottom for the bigger picture .
This is the neutral ground territory given the key battleground being established with the current backtest into the 3330s trending daily 20EMA resistance alongside 38.2 % fib retracement and the prior ( SHTF ) shit hits the fan level of 3350 .
Read full article ...
RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS :
Uncertainty and cycle events will likely lead to continued Gold and Silver price appreciation until the cycle events end ( likely in 2024 or 2025 ) .
The gold / silver ratio chart shows very clear levels of support and resistance .
With the next targets $ 2,000 - $ 2,250 , $ 3,200 then $ 5,500 + .
Extended basing may continue for the next 2 to 4 + months .
I have received many comments and questions related to our Gold and Precious Metals predictions originating from research posts we have made recently .
Today ’s research article is Part 1 of a two - part series , which will revisit some of our past forecasts and showcase what my research team and I believe will be the most likely outcome for Gold as we push through the end of 2020 and into early 2021 .
Read full article ...
Current Position of the Market
SPX Long - term trend :
For now , the best guesstimate is that we are still in the bull market which started in 2009 .
Where we go from here and how far will be gauged after the September - October correction .
SPX Intermediate trend : Potential intermediate correction in progress until mid to late - October .
Analysis of the short - term trend is done daily with the help of hourly charts .
It is an important adjunct to the analysis of daily and weekly charts which discuss longer market trends .
Read full article ...
“ We ’re not giving lifetime appointments to this President , on the way out the door , to change the Supreme Court , for the next 25 or 30 years . ”
That was Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in 2016 , defending his controversial decision to block President Obama ’s appointee to the Supreme Court , Merrick Garland .
The veteran Republican lawmaker enraged Democrats by refusing to hold a Senate confirmation hearing on Garland ’s appropriateness for the position .
Under the US Constitution , the Senate Judiciary Committee conducts hearings examining the background of the nominee and questioning him / her about their views on a variety of cases and their judicial philosophy .
Yet when faced with a vacancy on the court after the recent death of liberal Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , McConnell vowed to replace her in a Senate vote , before the Nov. 3 election .
Like in 2016 , a Supreme Court judge had died just before the President ’s four - year term had ended ( actually six weeks prior this year , vs 8 months in 2016 ) .
Read full article ...
Many AIB RTX 3080
Cards are tending to fail when running under load towards 2000 mhz resulting in screen artifacts to game players being kicked to their desktops and even outright system crashes .
Igor Labs first identified the probable cause being AIB 's use of cheap capacitor arrays to cut costs thus causing an issue in terms of noise in the power delivery system to the GPU 's under boost load at above 1900 mhz , the higher the boost the greater the risk of issues i.e. greater instability is when cards boost towards and over 2000 mhz , well beyond Nvidia 's FE nominal boost clock is at 1710 mhz FE which in practice can boost to about 1900 mhz in some games , though is less 's than that which ABI 's boost to hence the crashes being experienced .
Read full article ...
Gold , silver and the HUI Gold Bugs index are viewed here by their big picture monthly charts .
In NFTRH we use mainly daily and weekly charts of these along with individual miners to better gauge the shorter - term pictures , which will advise on the end of the correction better than these more cumbersome monthlies that are great for keeping perspective amid the shorter - term noise .
Our target for gold was 1940 , established in April off a daily chart pattern .
That target was blown through and as the monthly chart shows , a big picture Cup was formed as it made a higher high right around the time that the Buffett hype signaled the oncoming correction as we noted on August 17th :
Read full article ...
In addition to facing an acute COVID - 19 crisis , Argentina ’s deadbeat economy is collapsing , and , as usual , the inflation noose is around Argentines ’ necks .
Argentina ’s official inflation rate for August 2020 is 40.70 percent per year .
And , for once , Argentina ’s official rate is fairly close to the rate that I calculate each day using high - frequency data and purchasing - power - parity theory , a methodology that has long proved its worth when compared with official statistics .
Today , I measure Argentina ’s annual inflation rate at 37 percent , but probably not for long — the noose is generally followed by the trapdoor .
As Milton Friedman put it in his 1987 New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics entry “ Quantity Theory of Money ” ( QTM ) , “ The conclusion ( of the QTM ) is that substantial changes in prices or nominal income are almost always the result of changes in the nominal supply of money . ”
The income form of the QTM states that : MV=Py , where M is the money supply , V is the velocity of money , P is the price level , and y is real GDP ( national income ) .
Read full article ...
The gold miners ’ stocks have just been hammered , plunging to new correction lows .
That shattered their indexes ’ 50 - day moving averages , pounding nails in the coffin of this sector ’s recent high consolidation .
This necessary correction probably is n’t over yet .
It is still small and short compared to this bull market ’s precedent , the gold stocks are nowhere near oversold , and they are heading into a seasonal - plunge month .
Seeing the gold stocks rolling over into a correction should n’t surprise anyone .
They enjoyed a great run , as evident in their leading and dominant sector benchmark the GDX VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF .
From mid-March ’s pandemic stock - panic lows to early August , GDX rocketed 134.1 % higher in just 4.8 months !
That powerful and fast upleg left gold stocks seriously overbought , necessitating a correction .
That healthy process to rebalance stretched technicals and greedy sentiment began right away .
In the first four trading days after GDX peaked at $ 44.48 in early August , this ETF plunged 12.2 % .
The major gold stocks of GDX mirror and amplify gold , which overwhelmingly drives their earnings .
So the gold - stock selling ceased with gold ’s own sharp selloff .
Gold had shot parabolic to extraordinarily - overbought levels .
Read full article ...
Precious metals markets got clobbered early this week as gold and silver broke down from their high - level consolidations .
Strength in the U.S. Dollar Index seemed to be the catalyst that got the selling going .
Once key technical levels got breached , the selling intensified .
Gold prices fell below the $ 1,900 level on Wednesday .
Meanwhile , silver plummeted below $ 24 an ounce and traded as low as $ 22 on Thursday before recouping some of those losses by the end of the trading day .
Read full article ...
RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS :
The Transportation Index , has been unusually aligned with the S&P 500 over the past 8 + months .
Classic Japanese Candlestick top/ sell reversal “ Three Rivers Evening Star topping pattern ” setting up .
We may see a much bigger downside price move where price attempts to find support near 9,800 or 9,200 .
The Transportation Index , which typically leads the US stock market by 2 to 4 + months , has been unusually aligned with the S&P 500 over the past 8 + months .
Recently , though , the Transportation Index has rallied up to recent new all - time highs ( over the past 9 + months ) and has rotated lower – below resistance near 11,440 ( the MAGENTA LINE on the first chart ) .
Our researchers are warning us that any continued breakdown below this level could prompt a bigger downside market move .
Read full article ...
China has been buying a lot of U.S. crude oil lately , perhaps in a belated attempt to fulfill some of the energy import quotas agreed with Washington last year or perhaps in a bid to take advantage of supercheap U.S. crude .
But the buying spree is about to end .
This month alone , China could import between 867,000 bpd , according to Reuters ' Refinitiv data , and 900,000 bpd , according to oilfield services company Canary .
And then the flow of U.S. oil into China will decline , and it will decline sharply , Reuters ' Clyde Russell wrote this week .
The reason as simple as it is worrying .
The U.S. crude that has been going into China since July — and reaching major records in terms of volume , with the July daily average alone up 139 percent on the year — was bought much earlier , in April , May , and June .
This was oil bought when West Texas Intermediate was trading at multi- year lows .
By June it had recovered to about $ 40 , Russell notes , so purchases since then have been more modest .
Read full article ...
Typically exhibiting a 100 to 110 trading day cycle from low to low , the S&P 500's cycle low on March 23 was actually 117 days after the prior cycle bottom in October 2019 .
The 117 - day cycle that hit its low on March 23 initiated a new cycle that -- owing to massive Federal Reserve liquidity injection -- climbed relentlessly for 114 days into the September 2 all - time high at 3588.11 .
Read full article ...
RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS :
Gold rebounded quickly and broke to higher prices after the COVID deep selling .
Our Fibonacci support levels for Gold are resting near $ 1,885 , $ 1,815 & $ 1,790 .
More downside pressure on price is possible , but if support is maintained at $ 1,885 then we could see a big upside recovery trend take Gold to $ 2,250 .
Just before the COVID - 19 collapse in the markets hit near February 25 , 2020 , Gold started a double - dip move after reaching $ 1,692 on February 24 .
First , Gold dipped from $ 1,692 to $ 1,564 , then recovered to new highs ( $ 1,704.50 ) on March 10 , 2020 .
Then , as the deeper COVID - 19 selling continued , Gold prices dipped again – this time targeting a low level of $ 1,450.90 .
Read full article ...
Britains incompetent government has once more lost control of the Chinese Coronavirus pandemic that is now at the very beginnings of a second wave that looks set to be about half as severe as that of March and Aprils first wave and as was the case before the Panic buying has once more already begun starting at major super markets such as Tesco and Morrisons who Friday announced restrictions on items purchased on many goods including hand sanitisers , toilet rolls , flour , pasts , baby wipes , antibacterial 's and eggs which is likely to spread to many other supermarket goods as the number of local lockdown 's multiple in the face of the exponential spread of the virus that has now passed above r 1.5 .
Though hopefully to nowhere near the extent of March panic that this video illustrates of just how bad things could get once more all courtesy of an incompetent government advised by moronic mad scientists who are more interested in feathering their nests then giving useful advice hence you cannot blame people for panic buying when faced with morons in charge !
Read full article ...
Read full article ...
Mining production ?
No. China ’s consumer demand ?
No .
The main drivers of gold prices are , as I ’ve repeated many times , the U.S. dollar and real interest rates .
You do n’t believe it ?
You do n’t have to – just look at the charts below .
The first one displays the greenback and the dollar - denominated price of gold .
Because other series start much later , I used here the Trade Weighted U.S. Dollar Index against major currencies that circulate widely outside the country of issuance .
Although the correlation is not perfect , the inverse relationship is quite strong and bull and bear markets in gold coincide with the bear and bull trends in the U.S. dollar .
There is growing disquiet across the blogosphere surrounding the RTX 3080 AIB cards that goes beyond the frustration of lack of supply and this is because of countless reports that AIB card's are proving problematic for many users that whilst playing GPU intensive games result in issues such as artifacts on screen or that they end up being kicked back to their desktops which suggests an issue when the GPU 's are under heavy load i.e. at high boost clock speeds and temperatures .
Read full article ...
Britains incompetent government has once more lost control of the Chinese Coronavirus pandemic that is now at the very beginnings of a second wave that looks set to be about half as severe as that of March and Aprils first wave in advance of which British Police have been steadily given new powers to accumulate arrest points towards criminalizing people who for instance do n't wear masks or are found in groups of 6 or more whilst those who breach self isolation rules could be hit with fines of upto £ 10,000 .
Police forces increasingly putting high risk areas and groups of people under surveillance , which translates into ethnic and deprived areas receiving special attention , officers roaming the streets , shops and super markets looking for law breakers with even plans to deploy the army in support of the police towards enforcement of local lockdown's .
Read full article ...
The trading range on the HUI and other PM stock indexes continues its job of confusing both the bulls and bears alike .
I ’ve always said that trading an impulse move is much easier than trading during a consolidation phase .
During a strong impulse move up it is easy to see the price action making higher highs and higher lows .
Trading during a consolation phase is usually completely different .
Below is the daily chart we ’ve been following for the HUI which shows the morphing triangle that has been in play since the first of August .
Last week the price action made a feeble attempt to breakout above the top rail which was quickly negated when the HUI traded back inside of the triangle .
Today the price action gapped below the 50 day sma and found support on the bottom rail which completed the 7th reversal point .
I added a parallel blue trendline taken from the top rail of the blue triangle if that pattern morphs into a bigger consolation pattern that could either be a bull flag or a bullish falling wedge depending where the last reversal points comes into play .
I ’ve also said this many times as well in the past that the 4th or last reversal point in a consolation pattern is always the hardest to spot in real time .
They do n’t become visible until the price action can rally far enough above the last reversal point that it finally shows itself .
Whatever the consolation pattern ends up being it should still be looked at as a halfway pattern to the upside as shown by the green arrows .
Read full article ...
With the current economic mess now over a year old , no one wants to believe there ’s still more pain ahead .
Indeed , in their year - ahead predictions back in December and January , most economists expected U.S. growth would be weak in the first part of 2008 and then rebound ( some even expected the Fed Funds target rate [… ]
How you think would any company ever by any chance obtain your consent to be allowed observing your life , thoughts and complete existence 24/7 ?
Well , obviously we ’re not too far from those times .
Since 2019 , cyber security companies are gaining more prominence by the day .
That challenging interest of fast - changing requirements in this industry makes us look more closely at the newborn future giants of the market .
Hence , we are here to reveal to you the 10 most promising cyber security companies in 2020 .
Top 10 Cyber Security Companies In 2020
1. Armis Security
Armis Security discovers all devices in your environment — managed , unmanaged , or IoT — on or off your network , and in your airspace — providing the most complete asset inventory you will see .
It is agentless , and 100 % passive .
This is critical because unmanaged and IoT devices can’t take an agent .
And scanning can disrupt or crash these devices .
Even without an agent , they can identify the device type , manufacturer , model , IP and MAC address , OS , reputation , username , software , behavior , connections , risk factors , and more .
Armis Security offers an IoT security solution that lets organizations control their devices and networks by automatically analyzing risky behavior .
2. PFP Cybersecurity
PFP provides a cloud - based , dynamic power behavior analytics that enables Integrity - Assessment - as - a- Service for many PFP - compatible devices .
They fingerprint the combination of hardware , firmware , and configuration .
So , the fingerprint is used to authenticate , monitor , remediate or prevent malicious attacks such as supply chain , implant , insider tampering , etc. Using AI and Analog functions , their behavioral analysis platform detects intrusion hardware , firmware , configuration and data problems in IoT devices , and fixes them before harm can be done .
Besides , 24/7 monitoring and remediation can be done without human intervention .
3. ReFirm Labs
ReFirm Labs is an automated behavioral analytics platform that validates software security embedded in devices , specifically in IoT security .
They have created a new method for automating the “ process of detecting security flaws in connected devices and mitigating them . ”
Moreover , they help international businesses “ secure their products by testing their firmware during and after the development process , and monitor for new vulnerabilities . ”
Binwalk Pro™ is a cloud - based firmware extraction with expanded file system support .
4. MagicCube
MagicCube is one of the thriving cyber security companies .
Primarily , it uses proprietary technology to ensure security in mobile and IoT devices .
By securing digital transactions , they can protect sensitive data and cryptographic operations .
Besides , their product is incredibly easily deployed and has remote management capabilities .
Unlike hardware , you are not beholden to specific device - makers or use - cases .
Thus , MagicCube protects your users ’ activity , logic , and data on virtually any device , ranging from mobile payments and medical devices to connected cars and virtually any other consumer device .
Moreover , it can be updated remotely .
Therefore , you can manage security on all your protected devices at once with our proprietary HSM - based miniCloud™ .
5. Sepio Systems
Sepio is disrupting the cyber - security industry by uncovering hidden hardware attacks .
This is because bad actors are gaining access by implanting rogue hardware .
And , Sepio ’s Rogue Device Mitigation ( RDM ) aims to stop them .
A cybersecurity firm that helps protect against malicious hardware device attacks .
Using behavioral analytics and physical fingerprinting technology , “ Sepio ’s software - only solution offers instant detection and response to any threat or breach attempt coming from a manipulated or infected element . ”
6. Trillium Secure
Trillium Secure keeps autonomous vehicles safe by providing a platform that uses trusted data , applications , and services , regulatory compliant customer privacy positions to effectively protect from cyber - threats .
They also include insurance and mobility - as - a - service providers in their service offerings .
Trillium Secure develops and markets breakthrough IDPS technology for IVN authentication - encryption and firmware authentication augmented by Cyberhealth monitoring .
Also , they provide safety , privacy and data integrity for connected vehicles with patented , multi- layered embedded software solutions .
7. Karamba
Karamba is a cybersecurity technology designed to stop hackers from breaching connected cars .
They do this by hardening the connected Electronic Controller Units ( ECUs ) against foreign code , thus , preventing hackers from manipulating them .
Control Flow Integrity ( CFI ) is a complex technology that has become a practical cybersecurity tool through Karamba ’s patented technology .
With negligible performance impact and seamless integration , it , therefore , provides strong security for connected embedded devices like vehicle ECUs , Infotainment systems , Telematics , and ADAS .
8. Connax
A software company developing embedded SIM software solutions .
Value - adds that Connax technology brings to its customers :
IoT device manufacturers tend to have the significant number of customers all around the world , and the utility procurement process is lengthy , complicated and varies across countries and companies , it shall be a complex logistics task to predict which devices ( e.g. electricity meters ) are going to which customer while these devices are in manufacturing or planning stage .
Utilizing Connax technology could reduce logistics expenses by manufacturing all the devices having a single uniform firmware image ( per device type ) .
Once the particular device will go online the first time , it will obtain all the individual configuration details and connection credentials from a Connax middleware ( running as a part of IoT device manufacturer infrastructure ) .
The same technology provides the freedom to choose which server - side infrastructure to use : depending on the utility ’s preferences it could be fully managed by IoT device manufacturer cloud AIM service , it ’s on - premises installation or even a custom service owned and operated by the utility .
Hence , Connax technology makes it possible to switch between different endpoints and authentication models without updating the device firmware .
Connax focuses on creating secure connectivity , security and integration for IoT devices across a variety of platforms .
9. Inspirit IoT
Inspirit IoT uses machine learning to provide intelligence for real - time , life - and mission - critical use cases or applications .
Also , they provide products to markets where performance , power , and time - to - market are critical .
It was awarded a National Science Foundation ( NSF ) Small Business Innovation Research ( SBIR ) grant to conduct research and development ( R&D ) on automating design and deployment of hardware for accelerated machine learning .
10 . Indegy
Indegy , one of the most promising cybersecurity companies in 2020 , is committed to protecting businesses , critical infrastructure and governments from cyber threats , malicious insiders and human error .
Thus , delivering the most comprehensive set of enterprise - class OT security capabilities with unmatched flexibility and scale , they help ensure the safety and reliability of complex industrial control systems ( ICS ) environments .
Moreover , their platform oversees IoT industrial control network activities , including changes to controller logic , configuration , and code using a state - of - the - art agentless controller verification technology .
Back in October 2004 , Fed economist John Krainer and researcher Chishen Wei wrote a Fed letter : House Prices and Fundamental Value .
Kainer and Wei presented a price - to - rent ratio using the OFHEO house price index and the Owners ' Equivalent Rent ( OER ) from the BLS .
Here is an update to their graph .
Click on image for larger graph in new window .
This graph shows the price to rent ratio ( Dec 1982 = 1.0 ) for both the OFHEO House Price Index and the Case - Shiller National Home Price Index .
For rents , the national Owners ' Equivalent Rent from the BLS is used .
The Fed letter used the OFHEO index ( Blue ) , but this index includes refinances and has other problems .
The OFHEO index shows that prices have barely fallen from the recent peak , and therefore the price - to - rent ratio has barely declined .
Data is available quarterly for the Case - Shiller National Index starting in 1987 .
For this graph , the price - to - rent ratio for Case - Shiller in Q1 1987 was set to the OFHEO price - to - rent for Q1 1987 .
Looking at the price - to - rent ratio based on the Case - Shiller index , the adjustment in the price - to - rent ratio is probably more than half way complete as of Q1 2008 on a national basis .
This ratio will probably continue to decline with some combination of falling prices , and perhaps , rising rents .
And the ratio may overshoot too .
The second graph shows the price - to - rent ratio for three cities : Los Angeles , Miami , and New York .
On this monthly graph , January 1987 = 1.0 .
The OER from the BLS for each individual city is used .
Some combination of falling prices , and perhaps rising rents , will probably push the ratio back towards 1.0 .
By this measure of housing fundamentals , it appears that Miami has correct about 2/3 of the way to the eventual bottom , Los Angeles about half way , and New York about 40 % .
This ratio has flaws , but it gives a general idea of how far prices need to fall ( or rents increase ) .
It would be nice to add Houston ( with the booming energy business ) , but the data is n't available .
EDITOR'S NOTE :
In response to unfortunate viewing for some readers , Baseline has slowed this slide show 's timing down and added more context to the piece for those who want additional information and depth ( which is below each slide under the heading MORE CONTEXT ) .
A follow - on article is coming soon .
Apologies for the functionality issues and we hope this quells some of the unfortunate experiences had by some .
Thank you for your feedback .
Says criminal elements of the government “ can and will ” use bio-weapons to scare and terrorize Americans when it is politically convenient
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Friday , August 22 , 2008
A former government biological weapons legislator appeared on the nationally syndicated Alex Jones Show yesterday to discuss his detailed knowledge of the cover up of the 2001 anthrax attacks , which he is adamant were perpetrated by criminal elements of the US government in an attempt to foment a police state by killing off opposition to hardline post 9/11 legislation .
Dr Franics A. Boyle literally helped write the law with regards to terrorism , as he was responsible for drafting the Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism
Act of 1989 that was passed unanimously by both Houses of Congress and signed into law by President Bush Snr .
Professor Boyle teaches international law at the University of Illinois , Champaign .
He holds a Doctor of Law Magna Cum Laude as well as a Ph.D. in Political Science , both from Harvard University .
He has also served on the Board of Directors of Amnesty International ( 1988 -1992 ) , and represented Bosnia - Herzegovina at the World Court .
For the full story , go to Infowars .net .
This article was posted : Friday , August 22 , 2008 at 12:29 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Walmart 's ( WMT ) latest plan for world domination is called " marketside " .
It 's everything Walmart is n't .
A chain of smaller , friendlier stores with a neighborhood quality -- providing fresh and prepared foods for higher prices .
And now the FT has spotted one in the wild in Mesa , Arizona .
Mesa is a suburb right outside of Phoenix , the area where WMT is building its first 4 pilot stores .
The intial rollout may be small , but WMT inadvertantly revealed its true plans for Marketside via a job post that was quickly taken down :
The store is planned to be a chain of more than 1,000 locations with more than $ 10 billion in yearly revenue .
Walmart will pull in more than $ 400 billion in revenue this year , so $ 10 billion is a drop in the bucket .
But do n't discount the effort too quickly .
WMT 's growth in the US is limited because it is running out of places that do n't already have Walmarts , so a new format creates new growth opportunities .
Plus , the margins on that $ 10 billion could be higher than those in Walmart stores .
The all green lowercase letters , purple awnings , and natural wood finish around the entrances probably have you excited already .
However , there is one obvious and very intentional omission on marketside stores : any reference to Walmart .
See Also :
Wal - Mart's ( WMT ) Next Plan For World Domination : Neighborhood Grocery Stores ( WMT )
Wal - Mart ( WMT ) Sick of Boring Logo : Loses Hyphen and Adds Exciting Sunburst ( WMT )
From their facebook page
Mr and Mrs Rogers of Chigwell Extension Farm in Chegutu were attacked and beaten by a group of 12 people in their own house on 6 May ’08 .
This is their statement : 7th May , 2008 .
On the day of the 6th May , 2008 at approximately 1300 hours I was visited by three men at our farm , Chigwell Extension Farm .
They told me that I had two minutes to vacate my property otherwise they will send the mob there and the house is not worth sacrificing my life for .
Because we would lose our lives .
They said they were like hungry lions .
My wife made a report to the Chegutu Police Station about this incident , naming the people involved .
At that stage I asked them if they would react to any incident that my occur and they informed my wife that they would speak to the Assistant Inspector .
My wife also saw him before making the report and informed him of the visit and he told her to go and make a report at the charge office .
At about 1700 hours on the same day a vehicle – a white Datsun 1800 pickup arrived at the gate with approximately 10 - 12 people .
They demanded that I opened the gate because they wanted to talk to me .
I refused and went into the house together with my wife .
We locked ourselves into the house .
They came to the house and wanted me to go outside to speak to them which I refused to do .
They started smashing windows and the front door was smashed open .
One of them pointed a single barrel shotgun inside the house at us – we were by then upstairs .
He fired a shot directly at us which went just over my head and close to my wifes ’ head .
He obviously intended to kill us .
After he fired the shot he went out and it went quiet for a while and then we heard three shots coming from the workers housing area .
They returned with all the workers and fired another shot whilst outside .
I managed to get through to the Assistant Inspector and the Chegutu Police Station to ask for assistance before there were dead bodies in the house .
He said that I must phone him back in half and hour .
Throughout all of this my wife was on the phone to numerous friends who were at the Chegutu Police Station trying to get assistance from them with absolutely no result whatsoever .
My wife and I also made many phone calls to the Member in Charge on his cell phone and he refused to answer .
By this time it was dark and the power went off so we were left completely in darkness and unable to identify our own employees .
They then used the workers as a shield so that they could all come inside the house and then were downstairs chanting and singing and making threats .
They sent one of the workers upstairs to demand the shotgun from me to take back to them .
I refused and this employee stayed upstairs with us .
They then grabbed the son of this employee who was downstairs and from what I could gather they threatened to either kill or injure him if he did n’t go back downstairs with the weapon .
He went back downstairs without the weapon .
After about five minutes they told all the singing workers to go upstairs using them as a shield once more .
We tried to identify the workers one by one as they came up the stairs , as my wife was standing at the top of the stairs with a can of mace .
After about 15 workers came through , she could not identify a person and used the mace and sprayed them .
After this they ran back downstairs and out of the house .
This incensed the thugs who then proceeded to break down the back door and started a building a fire in the downstairs lounge directly below us .
As we have a wooden floor upstairs this posed a great threat and we thought we would be burnt alive which is when I said that we would come out and asked if they would let us leave peacefully which they agreed to do .
We asked the ring - leader to identify himself .
We came downstairs and they demanded the shotgun from me which was loaded and off safety and I refused .
They then insisted that I give it to them and I tried to start unloading it and they attacked me .
They then grabbed my wife around the throat and she started screaming .
While they were trying to take the shotgun from me three shots went off outside the house into the ground as it is a semi-automatic shotgun .
They then took the shotgun from me and wrestled me to the ground and started beating me with what I assume was sticks , or pipes and kicking me with their boots .
They dragged my wife outside and they were trying to strangle her .
At this stage she managed to bite the hand of the man who was grabbing her round the throat .
Whereupon he started to beat her .
At one time there were at least four men beating and kicking her .
They then tied me up with rope and threw me into the back of their pickup .
At this stage my wife was still being beaten .
When they had finished beating her , one of them grabbed her by her feet and dragged her over to the vehicle .
They then demanded that she stand up and get into the back of the truck which she was unable to do .
One of them grabbed her by the hair , pulled her into a standing position and pushed her up against the back of the truck and told her to get in .
She did climb in .
They searched my wife and found the car - keys in her pocket and demanded she show them what vehicle the keys were for .
They could n’t find the keys to the other truck .
They drove my vehicle onto the lawn , parked near the truck where I was tied up .
The immobiliser for the vehicle went off .
They demanded that my wife show them where the immobiliser switch was situated which she did do .
One of them drove off with the vehicle which we never saw again .
They still had all the employees on the lawn around a fire that had been lit by the front door and they were still forced to sing .
There were about four or five of them around the vehicle watching the two of us , all the time they were shouting verbal abuse and racist comments and threatening to kill either one or both of us and also stating the manner in which they should kill us .
This must have gone on for almost an hour .
They were burning my feet with cigarettes and then we saw vehicle lights shining towards us and then my wife was told to get out of the vehicle and was dragged towards the headlights of the vehicle that had arrived .
When she got to the vehicle she saw there were four armed policeman from Kadoma Police Station who asked what had happened .
She told them briefly what had happened and demanded that they fetch me immediately from the vehicle as she feared for my life .
One of the thugs came and untied me and told me to get out of the vehicle and made me walk towards the headlights of the parked vehicle .
I noticed that they were armed policeman .
The incident was described in more detail to them and they accompanied us into the house to get some warm clothing .
Once we were in the house we saw that the gun cabinet had been opened and ransacked and that my weapons were missing .
I informed the police that the weapons were missing .
They then took us out of the house and told us to get in their vehicle as we were going to Chegutu Police Station to make a report .
We got to Chegutu Police Station and they had to call some superior officer to take a statement and he only arrived as were were leaving to go to Harare to get urgent medical attention .
No police personal of any authority seemed to show any interest in taking our statement .
We were attended to by medical staff at the Avenues Clinic where numerous x-rays and CT scans were taken .
My injuries are two cracked verterbrae in my lower back .
Fractured cheekbone , fractured nose there was copious bleeding into my sinuses and extensive lacerations and deep - tissue bruising to my face and back and a bite to my right earlobe .
My wifes injuries are fractured cheekbones , fractures around her orbital socket round her eye , perforated eardrum , cracked ribs and extensive bruising to her face and back and throat .
I happened to install Google Chrome ( Alpha ) the same day I installed Internet Explorer 8 ( Beta ) .
I noticed immediately , as I 'm sure many of you have , that both browsers isolate tabs in different processes .
Unix folks have known about the flexibility of forking a process forever .
In Unix , fork ( ) is just about the easiest thing you can do .
Also , fork ( ) ing in Unix will copy the whole process and all variables into a new space .
Everything after the fork happens twice .
Multitasking made easy .
In Windows , you call CreateProcess ( ) and you do n't get a copy or clone .
You just start up a whole new universe , starting from the very beginning - NOT from the call to CreateProcess ( ) .
What processes in Windows and Unix do have in common is that they each get their own protected virtual memory space .
They are all alone and isolated .
If a process crashes it 's less of a crisis than if a thread within a process crashes .
( In .NET , AppDomains are like mini-processes , but they just are n't as completely isolated as a process is , so you can still bork an AppDomain enough that the whole process dies . )
Why does all this matter ?
Well , back in the day , most folks on Windows would recommend that developers interested in multi-tasking use threads .
There 's even been talk about fibers ( really tiny threads within threads ... like superstrings ;) )
However , darnnit , processes are easy .
Ah !
But they 're slow !
They 're slow to start up , and they are slow to communicate between , right ?
Well , kind of , not really anymore .
There 's this thing called Moore 's Law that keeps marching on .
Making a new process and talking to it in any of the myriad IPC ( Inter - process Communication ) methods available just is n't that much of a problem these days .
Just open up Process Explore and enter " Tree View " sometime to see how many programs you use every day are actually multiple .
exe 's working together .
You can learn more about IE8 and how their multiple - process model works in both IE7 and IE8 .
( IE7 had this process isolation feature also ... except one tab per security zone . )
You can learn more about Chrome and how they talk between their multiple " Render " processes in this architectural overview .
They are using named pipes if you were wondering how Chrome talks to itself .
Tab / Process Isolation
I 'll open up an instance of IE8 and open one tab with cnn.com and other with hanselman.com .
I 'll do the same with Google Chrome .
Here 's what Process Explorer shows .
Why are some of the processes brown ?
Those are jobs , a new kind of process added in Windows 2000 .
Jobs are made with CreateJobObject and AssignProcessToJobObject .
You can also get a Job using CreateProcess as unless you specify the CREATE_BREAKAWAY_FROM_JOB flag .
Jobs in Windows can be controlled as a group and resource limits can be set on them .
You can learn more about Jobs and why they can be more secure up on MSDN .
Crash Protection
The whole point of having more than one process for a browser is for crash protection .
I 've had every browser I 've ever used crash in one tab while I was hoping to keep my other 49 tabs open .
Let 's blow away some processes manually and see what the browsers do .
I 'll blow away the non-job process for Chrome.exe .
Looks like that process hosted Flash .
See how the Flash object has been replaced on the cnn.com home page with a sad puzzle piece ?
Cool .
Chrome hosts plugins in their own process also .
Lets blow away another Chrome .exe process .
Ah , looks like that particular process was rendering hanselman.com .
It 's been replaced by a sad - page icon .
OK , let 's blow away an IE8 process ....
Ah , looks like the FIRST time a page crashes in IE8 , it dumps the process , the tab disappears , then the tab comes back automatically to try to put the user where they were before .
I 'll kill the new process ...
Looks like IE8b2 will only try a few times to automatically restore the bad tab then it gives up and gives its equivalent sad - tab and says " the website continues to have a problem . "
Also cool .
This beta includes an option to turn " automatic crash recovery " off or on .
If the parent process dies ( or , in this case , I kill it myself ! ) then I 'll get a dialog from IE8 offering to restore the last session .
I 'll get this similar message in Google Chrome .
Very cool .
Now I have two browsers that I can open up a buttload of tabs in and not worry about maxing - out process limits or having one bad tab messing up the whole bunch .
PS : If you are poking around in Chrome , try visiting pages like : " about : network " , " about : stats " , " about : dns " and " about : memory "
Could the right drug make you a better person ?
A British psychiatrist raises and argues for that possibility in a new paper in a prominent psychiatry journal .
In fact , he says that in many clinical settings , moral steroids are already being used .
" Within many clinical encounters , there may already be a subtle form of moral assistance going on , albeit one we do not choose to describe in these terms , " writes Sean Spence of the University of Sheffield in the British Journal of Psychiatry . "
Performance - enhancing drugs are generally used to enhance performance in competitive settings , like sports .
On Wired Science , we 've spent a lot of time looking at ways to increase cognitive performance .
But what Spence suggests is that science should be searching for drugs to make people more " humane " not just smarter .
Spence describes the case of a man with " antisocial personality disorder " – somewhere on the continuum between dangerously sociopathic and just kind of a jerk – who requests drugs to prevent himself from harming a girlfriend .
In making that request , Spence says that the man is using pharmaceuticals to exhibit " moral agency . "
" Hence , if we ask the question ' Can pharmacology help to enhance human morality ? ' then we should answer ' yes , ' that sometimes it can be used as a means to this end , " Spence writes .
What do you think ?
Do you already use some substance – say , marijuana or a prescription painkiller – not for how it makes you feel , but how it influences your behavior toward other people ?
Do you consider this " moral pharmacology " ?
Spence mentions that drugs could be specifically designed to " target and increase a prosocial feeling and behaviour such as ' kindness . ' "
Would you take a kindness pill ?
Via ( the endlessly fascinating ) Mind Hacks
Img : flickr / Chebbs
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and webpage ; Wired Science on Facebook .
SAN FRANCISCO 
The era of the American Internet is ending .
Invented by American computer scientists during the 1970s , the Internet has been embraced around the globe .
During the network ’s first three decades , most Internet traffic flowed through the United States .
In many cases , data sent between two locations within a given country also passed through the United States .
Engineers who help run the Internet said that it would have been impossible for the United States to maintain its hegemony over the long run because of the very nature of the Internet ; it has no central point of control .
And now , the balance of power is shifting .
Data is increasingly flowing around the United States , which may have intelligence  and conceivably military  consequences .
American intelligence officials have warned about this shift .
“ Because of the nature of global telecommunications , we are playing with a tremendous home - field advantage , and we need to exploit that edge , ” Michael V. Hayden , the director of the Central Intelligence Agency , testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee in 2006 .
“ We also need to protect that edge , and we need to protect those who provide it to us . ”
Honda will reveal a concept version of its new small hybrid vehicle , to be named Insight , at the 2008 Paris International Auto Show , October 2 , the company announced Thursday .
Honda will reveal a concept version of its new small hybrid vehicle , to be named Insight , at the 2008 Paris International Auto Show , October 2 , the company announced Thursday .
The new five - seater concept shares some styling cues with the current FCX Clarity and presumably shows what the company has in store for the production version of its Prius fighter in January 2009 .
The Insight Concept utilizes a more cost - efficient version of Honda 's Integrated Motor Assist ( IMA ) hybrid technology ( currently in the Civic Hybrid ) , which the company said should help them price the car several thousand dollars below the base price of the Prius .
Honda is shooting for 200,000 sales annually , which puts it slightly ahead of the 181,000 Priuses that Toyota moved last year .
The original Insight debuted almost ten years ago as the first hybrid to be sold in America ; it also posted EPA numbers ( at the time , before the revised 2008 standards ) in excess of 60 mpg .
Originally posted on TechnoRide .
by Brad Jacobson
Another year , another opportunity for the GOP to use 9/11 to pump fear into our populace while “ honoring our dead . ”
As a New Yorker , while that day and weeks and months that followed will always be with me , I ’d long grown numb from the Bush administration ’s and Republicans Party ’s branding of 9/11 for their own despotic aims : an America in which democracy has been gagged , waterboarded and renditioned to a dank faraway cell for its own protection , while our “ heroic ” protectors of freedom fight against a noun — terror — and something that ’s been around since the dawn of time — terrorists .
For a brief moment , however , during the Republican National Convention ’s “ 9/11 tribute ” film , I was viscerally reminded of the lengths to which our current leadership will go to terrorize their own citizens into handing over their liberties for another four years .
I watched the towers fall again , that deceptively blue sky , the dust and smoke and people running for their lives .
An impeccably edited piece of GOP death porn .
If Barack Obama ’s campaign can be summed up in two words — hope and “ Enough ! ” — then two words can also encapsulate John McCain ’s — fear and “ Boo ! ”
Under this cynical and fascist canard , the Bush administration and their traitorous partners in Congress , including both former and some current Democratic members , have driven our ideals , our hopes , our economy , our environment , our soldiers and many fellow citizens of the world into the ground .
Literally .
Hopefully the act of this seven - year - old hijacking of our country begins and ends with today ’s anniversary .
Or , at the very least , with the final day of George W. Bush ’s immeasurably lethal and nightmarish presidency .
I wo n’t watch the ceremonies today .
I cannot sit and listen to Bush and John McCain pretend to care about my fellow New Yorkers who lost their lives on 9/11 or my fellow Americans who lost their liberty right after that .
Instead , I ’ll honor their memories by spending the day working on an investigative piece that seeks something that also died on that ironically clear day in September : truth .
To all the families and friends who lost loved ones seven years ago today , you ’re in my thoughts and prayers for a brighter future .
( Cross- posted from MediaBloodhound . )
The Fed , now in continual panic mode , Extends Emergency Borrowing Program .
The Federal Reserve said Wednesday that it was extending its emergency borrowing program to Wall Street firms and was taking other steps to ease a tight credit market that has hobbled the national economy .
The Fed said the program , in which investment houses can tap the central bank for a quick source of cash , will be available through Jan. 30 .
Originally the program , started on March 17 , was supposed to last until mid-September .
Another program , in which investment firms can temporarily swap more risky investments for safer Treasury securities , also will continue through Jan. 30 , the Fed said .
It also will let commercial banks , in a separate program , bid on cash loans that last longer — for 84 days — besides the 28 - day loans now available .
FASB Postpones Off - Balance - Sheet Rule for a Year
The Financial Accounting Standards Board postponed a measure , opposed by Citigroup Inc. and the securities industry , forcing banks to bring off - balance - sheet assets such as mortgages and credit - card receivables back onto their books .
FASB , the Norwalk , Connecticut - based panel that sets U.S. accounting standards , voted 5 - 0 today to delay the rule change until fiscal years starting after Nov. 15 , 2009 .
The board needs to give financial institutions more time to prepare for the switch , FASB member Thomas Linsmeier said at a board meeting .
" We need to get a new standard into effect , " Linsmeier said , though " it 's not practical " to begin requiring companies to put assets underlying securitizations onto their books this year .
Citigroup 's Mysterious Shadow Assets
Did Citigroup Know In Advance ?
Citigroup Inc. Chief Financial Officer Gary Crittenden said earnings will probably be strong enough to absorb any losses created when new accounting rules force it to move off - balance - sheet securities onto its books .
" There 's likely to be a fair amount of time between now and when that event actually takes place , and that 's a time period in which we intend to generate a very significant amount of capital , " Crittenden said today on a conference call with investors .
" We think we have it well in hand . "
SEC may turn a blind eye to this
Merrill Lynch Sells CDOs at 5.5 cents on the dollar
Nonsense Does Not Stop
There
OK For USA To Turn Japanese
Just when you think there is a glimmer of hope that some of these ne'er do well , lying , cheating , sniveling , cowardly bank CEOs might finally be forced to step up to the confessional and tell all , this comes along : FASB Postpones Off - Balance - Sheet Rule for a Year .
Question :
How can anyone value a financial company if they cannot tell what are on their balance sheets ?
Answer :
You cannot .
If you buy a financial under these conditions , you are flying blind .
Investment Thesis : Ritholtz Rule # 1 : Know What You Own .
Whoever buys Financials under these circumstances loses the right to whine down the road about companies not being forthcoming .
If you own them , do n't complain when you get what you deserve .
Not " Practical " To Tell The Truth
We hear from apologists that banks selling stock will " heal " the system .
But again that 's not how it works .
It only transfers wealth from one part of the system to another because wealth is not being created .
There 's no production , only transfer .
It 's a hallmark of deflation that companies sell stock .
That is deflationary .
People have to use cash to buy stock .
So cash goes from investors who have less cash to buy things with , to banks who use it to write down debt .
But the point is banks selling stocks to investors reduces liquidity , it does not increase it .
The government ’s strategy is to buy time .
It always is .
Time allows it to slowly drain wealth from the poor / middle class and re-distribute it to the rich who own the financial system .
A police report states that the Code Pink war protester shoved to the ground by a police officer during the Democratic National Convention grabbed the officer ’s riot baton first in a scene not part of the now - famous video .
But Alicia Forrest , 24 , says that the officer was the aggressor and that she never “ pushed and pulled ” Officer Scott Stewart ’s baton as he claimed in his report .
She is one of the 154 people arrested during last week ’s convention here , 28 of whom pleaded not guilty Tuesday morning .
Forrest ’s case is still being investigated by the Denver Police Department ’s internal affairs department and reviewed by independent monitor Richard Rosenthal , who oversees allegations of police misconduct .
The video of the altercation , shot by a Rocky Mountain News photographer , became an instant YouTube hit .
Forrest is seen on the video , which does not capture the entire interaction , shouting at the officer , who responds by knocking her to the ground , saying , “ Back it up , b — - . ”
His police report makes no comment on the knockdown but states he “ disengaged ” from her while forming an arrest team for crowd control .
Forrest , who is back in Los Angeles , said she plans to take her charge of interference to trial .
A court date is scheduled for Sept. 19 .
She said the incident occurred while she was taking photographs of the arrest of Carlo Garcia , a leader of Recreate 68 , another protest group .
She said the officer kept prodding her with his baton as she backed up while taking photos .
She said she then raised her hands and told the officer to stop .
She said the officer then pushed hard with the baton .
She challenged him to do it again , and he shoved her hard across the chest , knocking her to the ground , the video shows .
Tuesday morning , five other protesters agreed to not contest their charges , accepting the offer of a five - day suspended jail sentence and $ 140 in fines and court costs .
Trials for those who pleaded not guilty were set for the last two weeks of October .
Bricks , sticks and rocks
Sonny Jackson , a spokesman for the Police Department , said Tuesday that during the convention , officers confiscated bricks , sticks and rocks .
The seizures might have prevented protests from turning violent , he said , declining to specify where the items had been found .
“ We found something of everything , ” he said .
“ Some of the stuff was disgusting , but I ’m not going to get into specifics . ”
Denver City Attorney David Fine said in a prepared statement that the 154 arrests logged in Denver compared pretty favorably with the 1,800 arrests in New York City during the 2004 Republican National Convention .
“ That said , it ’s less about the number of arrests than about our success in balancing maximum opportunity for free speech with the necessary safety and security measures demanded by an event of this magnitude , ” Fine said .
“ We feel the city was successful in this regard and credit our combined police team and other safety personnel for ensuring that residents and visitors alike had the opportunity to safely enjoy the convention and the city . ”
Another mass arraignment is scheduled for Oct. 2 , said Brian Vicente , a lawyer with the People ’s Law Project , which is providing free legal representation for the protesters .
Vicente said many of the disputed arrests come from an Aug. 25 roundup by police .
Among the nearly 100 people arrested then were a handful of legal observers for the People ’s Law Project who were n’t protesting but on hand to document police actions , he said .
Christopher N. Osher : 303-954-1747 or cosher@denverpost.com
Social Loafing is an interesting phenomenon .
From what I can work out , it was first discovered by a German called Max Ringelmann .
He had people alone and in groups pull on a rope attached to a strain guage to measure the pull force .
What was surprising was that the sum of the individual pulls did not equal the total of the group pulls .
Three people pulled at only 2.5 times the average individual performance , and eight people pulled at less than times the average individual effort .
The group result was much less then the sum of individual efforts .
That ’s what ’s called the Ringelmann Effect .
This goes against the notion that group effort and a sense of team participation leads to increased effort .
Interestingly , it ’s not a co-ordination problem either ( like people pulling in different sub- optimal directions ) .
In the 1970 ’s a researcher called Ingham reran the experiment , but with rope- pullers blindfolded and duped into thinking that others were pulling .
A similar drop - off in effort was found .
What ’s fascinating here is that the decrease in individual effort has motivational causes .
The more people working on something with you , the less you will pull your weight .
And that ’s not just in tugs of war , it ’s in brainstorming [. ppt file ] , in blogging – in any group activity , however good the communication .
A couple of months ago , Lee Bryant mentioned he felt that the amount of transformational thinking out had dried up abit .
“ Back in 2003 , my aggregator was full of ideas and what I would call ‘ transformational thinking ’ – exciting stuff that had clear potential to change the way we live and work .
Now , aside from conference reports and notes , some of which continue to inspire ( and the now traditional annual posting by Clay ) , there is less new thinking around .
To be fair , this is partly because more of us are focusing on implementing things – doing not thinking – and that is to be welcomed … but it would be refreshing to come across more original thinking in what we blog about . ”
That certainly rang some bells .
It may just be that new ideas take a long time to germinate , but alternatively , perhaps the perceived lack of new ideas around is an effect of Social Loafing ?
Perhaps as we feel more connected , and as we try to solve similar problems together , each of us does less ?
( And perhaps , if left unchecked , that becomes apathy ? )
If that ’s true , then there ’s a motivational problem .
There may be more , but three possible causes of people ’s loafing and lack of new thinking are that they feel
others will do it for them ,
there are sufficient ideas to be getting on with , or
others are n’t putting as much effort in as they used to so why should they .
So how do you mitigate that ?
It all seems to come down to individual recognition , and making people feel that they are identifiable .
There are various ways Billy Blogger can get his “ I ’m me ” fix : server logs , services like Technorati and Bloglines based on trackbacks and comments .
But there ’s a big hole between server logs and trackbacks and comments ( and therefore the services built on top of them ) .
I read a lot of posts which I like , but most of them I do n’t comment on , or do n’t blog about or do n’t post to del.icio.us .
And let ’s say Billy ’s posts are in there .
How does he know that I ’m giving him any individual recognition ?
Well , he could root through the server logs .
But a ) he might not find any clear evidence that I liked it , and b ) if he ’s like me he ’s find that kind of depressing .
( I do n’t know what ’s spam , what ’s accident and what ’s genuine recognition , and , to be honest , it ’s kind of depressing to find yourself acting in such a self - absorbed manner . ) .
What might be better is to have a quick , one - click way for me or any other reader to indicate to Billy that “ yes , I read this and thought about it ” .
They wo n’t necessarily be good thoughts , and wo n’t necessarily be bad thoughts .
But Billy will get a definite indication that his post has been read and Billy ’s contribution has been recognised .
You never know , that might just be the chivvy he needs to stop loafing and think that new big thought that excites you .
The " first major " Flash Player update since Adobe Systems completed its 2005 acquisition of Macromedia is due to be made available today as a beta .
The Flash Player 10 beta features a brand - new Just In Time ( JIT ) engine to load pixel bytecode into the Flash Player engine .
The JIT engine will support a planned expansion in graphics and effects rendering , with users themselves expected to create their own filters .
Flash Player 10 will incorporate Adobe 's Pixel Blender - a language and toolkit previously codenamed Hydra - that 'll let users build their own pixel filters .
The JIT engine combines technology from Macromedia Flash Player and Adobe 's digital imaging and core technology groups .
Adobe said filters could be applied to bitmaps , video and animation at runtime .
The Adobe Pixel Blender is expected to be made available for download from the Adobe Labs site on Thursday , along with the Flash Player 10 beta .
Also due is an online exchange for Pixel Blender where plug-ins can be posted by their authors .
Among other features are a new text engine and the ability to create native 3D effects .
Flash Player 10 will also extend support for Linux to Ubuntu versions 7 and 8 , going beyond the current Red Hat , SuSE , Mac OS / X and Windows .
Tom Barclay , Adobe senior product marketing manager , called version 10 the " major release " of the ubiquitous Flash Player since Adobe 's $ 3.4bn acquisition of Macromedia .
The first full version of Flash Player 9 shipped in June 2006 , six months after the deal was completed .
There 's no date yet for final availability of version 10 , other than " this year . " ®
The story of Pyha begins with a 12 year old Korean boy making dark music alone in his room that somehow becomes the blackest metal album of all time .
The story goes Steven Schultz ( of Puny Humans and Stalin Claus Superstar infamy ) while studying in Korea bought some random CDs , the most curious of which is the one above , The Haunted House , and it was indeed recorded by a 12 year old .
Later this was passed to Terrorizer in the UK and earned a 10 out of 10 rating , and finally came out earlier this year on Tumult .
The record is one of intense sonic landscapes , with howling screams and layers of distortion and keyboards .
Every piece is there , a perfect distillation of teenage angst and isolation that is almost primordial in being .
It ’s bleak and soul - crushingly powerful and begs the question :
What were you doing when you were 12 ?
Hat tip to Aquarius and Ivan of The World that Summer .
https://guitardudes.files.wordpress.com/2008/06/pyhahh2.mp3
pyhahh2
https://guitardudes.files.wordpress.com/2008/06/pyhahh4.mp3
pyhahh4
https://guitardudes.files.wordpress.com/2008/06/pyhahh8.mp3
pyhahh8
https://guitardudes.files.wordpress.com/2008/06/pyhahh10.mp3 pyhahh10
More hot tracks , pyha_-_tale_from_the_haunted_house
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. lawmakers unveiled legislation on Wednesday that would suspend a federal program that collects and sells oil and natural gas from energy companies drilling on federal lands until the Interior Department conducts an extensive review of its operations .
The Interior Department ’s Minerals Management Service , which runs the royalty - in - kind program , came under fire last week after its inspector general reported that employees used illegal drugs , had sex and accepted gifts from workers at the oil companies they were hired to oversee .
The royalty - in - kind program collects and sells about $ 4 billion a year in oil and gas turned over by energy companies as royalties for using federal land .
Democratic Senators Bill Nelson of Florida and Robert Menendez of New Jersey said they offered the bill to rein in unethical behavior .
“ If we need to put on the books -- do n’t take money and drugs from the oil industry -- that ’s what we ’ll have to do to stop the influence peddling , ” Nelson said in a statement .
“ The whole sordid affair shows how much sway big oil holds over the government , ” he added .
The bill bars Minerals Management Service employees from accepting any gifts from members of the oil industry .
Under the legislation any gift received by an employee would be considered an illegal gratuity and a crime punishable by 2 years in prison .
In addition , more Minerals Management employees would be required to file public forms disclosing finances and past employment .
Employees would not be allowed to have any investments in the oil industry .
If the bill passed , the Interior Department would have to shelve its royalty - in - kind program until it issues a report to Congress on the accuracy of its royalty collection .
Minerals Management would also need a training program to certify that employees understand ethics laws and regulations .
The legislation would also require an ombudsman oversees the Minerals Management Service ’s progress .
In light of the scandal involving Minerals Management Service employees , the House Natural Resources Committee will hold a hearing on Thursday on federal oil and gas royalty collections .
John Parry
Reuters
July 31 , 2008
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) – Banks borrowed a record amount of funds from the Federal Reserve in the latest week as the year old credit crisis took a persistent toll , while the commercial paper market continued to contract , signaling tough conditions for short term borrowers .
Banks ’ primary credit borrowings averaged $ 17.45 billion per day in the latest week , the second straight week this had hit a record and up from $ 16.38 billion the previous week , Fed data showed on Thursday .
“ It shows there ’s a shortage of liquidity in the system , ” said Christopher Low , chief economist at FTN Financial in New York .
Secondary credit the Fed extended , which is usually taken out by banks in need of emergency cash , rose to $ 89 million in the latest week , from $ 34 million the week before .
Although these numbers are still very small compared with primary credit , “ What that tells you is that there ’s an increasing number of banks that the Fed is classifying as ‘ unsound ’ or inadequately capitalized , ” Low said .
Analysts may watch the trend of secondary credit closely , given the travails of U.S. regional and smaller banks and the likelihood that a continued decline in house prices and rise in foreclosures and bad loans will deepen the difficulties of the banking sector for many months or years .
Some analysts ascribed the overall rise in demand to use the Fed ’s short term discount window borrowing facilities to a mix of factors .
“ I am sure there are troubled banks trying to tap the window , ” said Michael Feroli , U.S. economist with JPMorgan in New York .
But he added : “ more and more banks are trying to take advantage of the pure economic advantage of borrowing at a cheap rate and you are seeing a gradual fading away of the stigma of using the discount window . ”
The Fed ’s main discount rate is 2.25 percent .
FULL STORY
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Work out your salvation with diligence
— Buddha
What , me worry ?
— Alfred E. Neuman
With the federal bail out of the GSEs Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , even a blind man can see that the economy is tanking at full throttle .
More bank failures are imminent , likely including the investment house Lehman Brothers .
The fall - out from the crashing housing market is far from over .
House values are falling , credit is almost non-existent and " consumers " are getting flattened .
We appear to be in for the worst economic and financial crisis in decades ( Nouriel Roubini , RGE Monitor ) .
It is not my intention today to talk about the economic crisis .
To understand that , you can visit iTulip , RGE Monitor or Chris Martenson , among others .
This brief article is for those whose chief concern has been peak oil .
I conclude that peak oil will be pretty much off the radar in the next few years among the public , the media and politicians .
Oil Prices in a Recession
In my previous writings , I have stressed that all bets are off on oil production & price in a severe recession scenario .
( A " recession " is when your neighbor loses his job ; a " depression " is when you lose yours . )
How does this affect peak oil scenarios going forward ?
Here 's the graph , marked up a bit as usual .
Figure 1 — Oil Prices in a Recession Scenario
No trend line is shown because the price trend no longer matters during the recession .
I 've been reluctant to make this forecast because I was hoping it would n't be necessary .
A strong price signal was the best indication that Americans have a long term problem to solve , as we saw when oil spiked to $ 147 / barrel .
Even as recently as August 18th , I still thought that the latest oil price slide was leading to an over - correction contrary to the 5 - year trend .
So much for wishful thinking .
We should always adjust our conclusions as the circumstances change or become clearer .
I agree with most of Charlie Maxwell 's recent price forecast ( Barron's , September 8 , 2008 ) .
I expect oil prices to dip down into the $ 75 - $ 80 range by the 1st quarter of 2010 , although this price floor may occur sooner in 2009 depending on how the economy is faring .
The situation has little in common with the oil supply shocks of the 1970's and early 1980's when demand fell off sharply twice .
This time around , global crude oil demand will remain fairly robust ( above 72.5 million barrels per day ) throughout the recession .
All liquids demand will likely not fall below 85.5 million barrels per day .
Demand growth will slow in the BRIC ( Brazil , Russia , India , China ) economies and in the Middle East , but will not become negative as it has in the OECD countries .
Thus non-OECD demand will mostly compensate for slackening consumption in the advanced economies .
Demand slumps within and outside the OEDC will thus not move in lockstep as they did in the 1970s and early 1980's because of continuing , albeit slower , economic growth in developing world ( graphs left , in the first graph , OECD demand is in blue , world demand in red ) .
I am non-committal here about the length of the recession .
I will assume that Nouriel Roubini 's prediction that the recession will go on about 18 months is correct , contrary to Eric Janszen 's view ( at iTulip ) that the downturn could go on much longer because it will take several more years to work out the housing and credit slumps .
Janszen believes that only another bubble , this time in alternative energy , will allow us to break out the recession ( ASPO - USA , February 13 , 2008 ) .
He may be right .
Peak Oil Off the Radar
Oil demand will no doubt remain below global production capacity during the downturn if it's as severe as Roubini thinks it will be .
Lower demand will lower the oil price .
I stick by the forecast I made in Peak Oil Is A Done Deal ( ASPO - USA , July 16 , 2008 ) , but that was a sustainable productive capacity estimate , not an actual supply forecast , a subtlety that eluded some of the people who read it .
It is not clear what floor price OPEC will defend , as explained in As Oil Prices Fall , OPEC Faces a Balancing Act ( New York Times , September 4 , 2008 ) .
OPEC wants to maintain revenues but can not afford to throttle back production too far to keep prices high — the cartel does not want to drive down OECD demand during a recession .
OPEC 's decision this week to cut about 500,000 barrels off current production merely rolls back increases made earlier this year when oil was over $ 135 / barrel .
I predict OPEC will actually defend $ 90 / barrel oil when we get there , but will not be able to keep oil from sliding to its bottom at $ 75 - 80 .
All these considerations essentially take the peak oil issue off the table in the next few years .
I do not mean to imply that peak oil is a dead issue — far from it !
But policy - makers and the " free " market are incapable of planning ahead and people generally are myopic .
Only sustained high oil prices get their attention .
Survival in a reeling economy is going to trump worries about a flat or declining oil supply causing renewed price escalation after 2010 - 11 .
Peak oil is going to be a hard sell under these circumstances .
The economic downturn could n't come at a worse time for those who hold out some hope that meaningful policies will be implemented that cut America 's oil dependency over the longer term .
If the OECD economies start to recover in 2010 , and that 's a BIG IF , we will likely see a repeat of the 2007 - 08 oil price escalation in 2010 - 11 .
Paraphrasing the great Yogi Berra , it will be déjà vu all over again , but that 's at least 2 years down the road .
Misguided Politicians
Add to the Mess
Near the end of his 1st term , whoever is elected president will discover , much to his consternation and surprise , that changing our energy policies to fight global warming was n't really the highest priority after all !
If he wants a 2nd term , that is .
The problem lies with the distinction — I should say the lack of a distinction — made between liquid fuels and renewable energy sources .
Everywhere you look , the mantra is the same : clean , green solar , wind , geothermal , etc. will cure our oil dependency .
Renewables , which make up a negligible share of our total energy consumption , are meant to directly replace coal - fired power generation , not the liquids that fuel over 95 % of our transportation .
Rarely mentioned is the pathway by which renewables replace petroleum .
The assumed pathway is greater fuel efficiency via electric transport and biofuels , with an emphasis on plug - in electric vehicles ( PHEVs ) .
I will ignore the empty Republican promise that we can drill ourselves of this mess .
Other measures , like hydrogen fuel cell vehicles , large - scale coal - to - liquids production , or compressed natural gas vehicles , are non-starters .
Let 's take a quick peek at the world in 2015 —
2nd generation ethanol production ( from cellulosic feedstocks ) replaces less than 1 % of our gasoline consumption ( corn ethanol is at or near peak production )
plug - in or gas - electric hybrid cars & trucks ( e.g. the Prius ) make up less than 2 % of all vehicles on the road
oil is $ 300 / barrel ( $ 250 in real terms ) according to Charlie Maxwell — my own view is that economy will self - destruct with sustained prices over $ 200 / barrel
Is the scaling for biofuels & partially electric vehicles any better in 2018 or 2020 ?
Not much .
The price will certainly be too high for many to be able to afford gasoline or diesel .
Airlines ?
What airlines ?
Not for you , unless you 're among the wealthiest few .
Obama has promised to rid us of Middle Eastern oil imports in a decade using the renewables pathway .
Good luck .
I 'm wondering how we 're going to replace imports from Mexico after 2012 .
John " Drill , Drill , Drill " McCain has proposed no coherent policy to reduce our petroleum dependency .
See As Good As It Gets ( ASPO - USA , July 2 , 2008 ) .
1
So , how does the future look ?
First , we 're entering a severe recession which forces oil supply concerns to take a backseat .
Second , peak oil is already on the ( far ) back burner anyway because our presidential candidates and their advisers believe that global warming is the only problem related to energy that matters ( ASPO - USA , May 7 , 2008 ) .
Actually , what these people wo n't tell you is that $ 5 - 6 / gallon gasoline is just fine with them because it cuts tailpipe CO 2 emissions through ruthless " demand destruction . "
In the real world , however , concrete economic failures brought about by high oil prices will always trump more abstract climate change concerns .
It 's just a matter of time before oil prices change the political agenda , but it 's going to be a while before that happens .
So if you were expecting anything to be done about America 's oil dependency in the foreseeable future , you have my sympathy because it ain't gonna ' happen .
So much the worse for all of us farther down the road .
Contact the author at dave.aspo@gmail.com
Notes
1 . The gun-toting , moose - hunting , " pro-life " , anti-science , creationist , global - warming denying , small - town valuing , beauty - pageant runner - up hockey - mommy McCain chose as his running mate is not helping matters any .
Sarah Palin was brought in as a cynical ploy to appeal to the Republican base , lure Hillary Clinton voters , and continue the " drill , drill , drill " fiction .
Apparently , John McCain is so narcissistic that he thinks that he 'll live forever , or at least through his term (s ) of office should he be elected .
Americans will surely get the government they deserve .
Shows like Heroes are available to watch
US users of The Internet Movie Database ( IMDB ) can now watch films and TV episodes free of charge on its website .
More than 6,000 full - length feature films including classic movie Some Like It Hot and TV shows like Heroes and 24 are available to watch .
First episodes of new series like Knight Rider and 30 Rock will also be available for free viewing before their first television broadcast .
The service is currently only available to US users due to licensing issues .
Both recent and classic films are available to watch , including Master and Commander , Raising Arizona and Fiddler on the Roof .
Fans can also watch past TV classic shows like Beverley Hills 90210 , Bewitched , Charlie 's Angels and Star Trek .
" We 're excited to offer our users a simple online experience to watch full - length movies and TV episodes for free , " said Col Needham , founder and managing director of IMDB .
" Our goal is to show our users every movie and TV show on the internet for free . "
A spokesman for Amazon , which owns IMDB , would not say whether the company had any plans for the service to be made available in the UK .
Die Kunst des Zensur - Vergleichs Burkhard Schröder
Darf man die Internetzensur in China und in Deutschland vergleichen ?
Michael Vesper , Generaldirektor des Deutschen Olympischen Sportbundes , hat es getan und wird jetzt öffentlich abgewatscht .
Zu Recht ?
Mit gewagten politischen Vergleichen tut man sich im konsensorientierten Mediendiskurs Deutschlands ohnehin schwer .
Wer etwas hat sagen dürfen , ist oft wichtiger als das Gesagte selbst .
Man muss dem grünen Olympia - Funktionär dankbar sein , vermutlich unfreiwillig eine Diskussion darüber angestoßen zu haben , dass in Deutschland das Internet zensiert wird .
Diese unstrittige Tatsache taucht nur selten in den Medien auf und wenn , dann sehr vage und ungenau .
Im ARD - Morgenmagazin am 3 .
August sagte Vesper wörtlich :
In jedem Land der Welt , auch in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland , werden Internet - Seiten gesperrt .
Bei uns sind es rechtradikale Seiten , die gesperrt werden .
Und es ist natürlich , das ist auch in China so , dass einzelne Seiten gesperrt werden .
Es muss aber der freie Zugang zu allen wichtigen Informationen , die Journalisten brauchen , um ihre Arbeit zu tun , muss gewährleistet sein .
Ein " unglaublicher Vergleich " , empört sich die Passauer Neue Presse : Man könne eine Diktatur wie China , die die Meinungs - und die Pressefreiheit einschränke , auf keinen Fall mit einer Demokratie vergleichen , " die sich gegen Verfassungsfeinde zur Wehr setzt . "
Die gewohnte Empörungsmaschinerie der üblichen Verdächtigen vergisst , dass ein bisschen Zensur so einzuschätzen ist wie ein bisschen Schwangerschaft .
Das gibt es nicht .
Natürlich ist das Ausmaß der Internetzensur in China nicht vergleichbar mit der in England oder Deutschland .
Einen ungefilterten Zugang gibt es aber weder in Großbritannien noch in Nordrhein - Westfalen .
Dürfte man Deutschland also etwa mit Ägypten vergleichen , einem Land , das laut Reporter ohne Grenzen zu den weltweit größten Feinden des Internets gehört , aber laut Auswärtigem Amt " Schwerpunktland deutscher Entwicklungspolitik " ist ?
Oder mit dem EU - Beitrittskandidat Türkei , wo Indymedia , Google Groups , Youtube und das harmlose Wordpress schon zensiert wurden ( Indymedia jüngstes Opfer türkischer Internetzensur ) ?
Leider findet bei diesem aktuellen Thema kaum ( Ausnahme : der Tagesspiegel ) konkrete Informationen darüber , ob , was und warum in Deutschland das Internet gefiltert , also zensiert wird .
Die Tagesschau und der NDR behaupteten zum Beispiel :
In Deutschland werden rechtsextreme Internet - Seiten des Weiteren nicht gesperrt , solange keine strafrechtlich relevanten Inhalte verbreitet werden .
So betreibt beispielsweise die rechtsextreme NPD nach Angaben von Jugendschutz.net mehr als 200 Seiten .
An diesem Satz ist fast alles falsch : Bei den Äußerungen Vespers ging es um die Zensur ausländischer Websites , nicht jedoch darum , dass Websites auf Servern im jeweiligen Hoheitsgebiet mit Inhalten unterbunden werden , die nach den nationalen Gesetzen illegal sind .
In Nordrhein - Westfalen ist aber nicht nur der Zugang zu der Neonazi - Website stormfront.org gesperrt , sondern zum Beispiel auch die Tattoo - Website BMEzine .
Provider wie Arcor zensieren den Zugang zu Porno - Websites .
Die NPD betreibt mitnichten 200 Websites , noch werden diese gesperrt .
Jugendschutz.net ist zudem eine steuerbegünstigte GmbH , die sich als quasi - behördliche " Stelle " geriert , ökonomische Interessen hat , nicht unbefangen und somit als seriöse Quelle zum Thema mindestens umstritten ist .
Zensur ist ein Wirtschaftszweig , auch in Deutschland .
Vergleichbar sind China und Deutschland insofern , dass staatliche Stellen für direkte oder indirekte Zensur zuständig sind .
In Deutschland können laut Telemediengesetz und dem 9 .
Rundfunkänderungs -Staatsvertrag in der Regel die Landesmedienanstalten die Provider anweisen , bestimmte Websites zu sperren .
Im juristischen Gutachten " Sperrverfügungen im Internet " , das Prof. Dr. Siebers im Auftrag der Kommission für Jugendmedienschutz geschrieben hat , wird festgestellt :
Funktionell zuständig ist für Sperrverfügungen , die auf die Rechtsgrundlage des § 20 Abs. 4 JMStV i.V.m. § 59 Abs. 4 RStV gestützt werden , die Kommission für Jugendmedienschutz .
Bei der KJM handelt es sich um ein Wandelorgan des kooperativen Föderalismus , das für die entsprechende Landesmedienanstalt tätig wird .
Die berüchtigten Sperrungsverfügung der Düsseldorfer Bezirskregierung ist letztlich zugunsten der Zensur entschieden worden .
Die Gesetzeslage scheint aber dennoch unklar .
In bestimmten Fällen darf nach § 59 Abs. 2 RStV auch eine nach Landesrecht bestimmte Behörde sperren .
Die Praktiken der Verwaltungen wären also uneinheitlich , zumal auch die Bundesregierung Gesetze zum Jugendschutz erlassen dürfte , darauf aber für die Telemedien bei der derzeitigen Rechtslage verzichtet .
Wer in Deutschland zensieren darf , ist also sogar in der juristischen Literatur nicht eindeutig zu beantworten .
Die Zensur - Bemühungen von jugendschutz.net , die von den Landesmedienanstalten unterstützt wird und in deren Auftrag man offenbar handelt , bewegt sich auf rechtlich unsicherem Boden .
Nur weil die Zensurmaßnahmen letztlich ineffektiv und marginal bleiben , bestehen keine verfassungsrechtlichen Bedenken : " Eine Intensivierung der anlassunabhängigen Kontrolltätigkeit könnte jedoch zu einer anderen Beurteilung führen " , heißt es im aktuellen Gutachten .
Aus technischer Sicht sind China und Deutschland nicht vergleichbar , weder quantitativ , was ohnehin unstrittig ist , noch qualitativ .
In Deutschland bestimmte Provider von staatlichen Behörden angewiesen , die DNS - Servern zu manipulieren - eine Maßnahme , die sogar technisch unbedarfte Nutzer mit wenigen Mausklicks umgehen können .
Die quasi - staatliche Zensur bleibt symbolisch und so wirkungsvoll wie eine Lichterkette .
Sieber dazu : " In der Gesamtbeurteilung erweist sich das in Deutschland geltende gesetzliche Regelungssystem als unzureichend und wenig ausgereift .
Alle Sperrmaßnahmen können von - mehr oder weniger – fachkundigen Internetnutzern umgangen werden . "
Interessanter , weil wenig transparent ist die Zensur durch die deutsche Google - Version ( Die Welt ist keineswegs alles , was Google auflistet ) .
Es kursieren zwar Listen der von google .
de gesperrten und aus dem Index entfernten Websites , sie sind aber keineswegs vollständig .
Google reagiert auf Hinweise deutscher Behörden .
Welche das sind , darüber bekommt man keine Auskunft , nur : " Um rechtliche Haftung zu vermeiden , entfernen wir Seiten aus den Suchergebnissen , die mit nationalen Gesetzen in Konflikt stehen . "
Man kann aber vermuten , dass hier wieder jugendschutz .
net eine prominente Rolle spielt , wenn es um gefühlt " schwer jugendgefährdende Inhalte " geht .
Google behandelt chinesische Behörden genau so wie die deutschen : Der Zensor befiehlt , Google gehorcht , sogar vorauseilend .
Wenn Vesper einen zutreffenden Vergleich hätte ziehen wollen , müsste dieser lauten :
In jedem Land der Welt , auch in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland , werden ausländische Internetseiten gesperrt .
Jede Regierung glaubt , ihre Untertanen vor Inhalten , die ihr nicht genehm sind , schützen zu müssen , mal mehr , mal weniger .
Demokratien foltern , wie die USA , genauso wie Diktaturen , aber nicht so oft .
Demokratien zensieren das Internet , wie Deutschland , genauso wie Diktaturen , aber nicht so oft .
( Burkhard Schröder )
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
Cheat sheets ( also known as reference cards , reference sheets , etc. ) not only helps you remember things quickly , but can also serve as wall decoration for your workspace .
In this post , you ’ll find 28 excellent , useful cheat sheets in various file formats for Photoshop , Dreamweaver , colors , typography , and other web - design related topics all in one page with pictures of each cheat sheet .
These cheat sheets are used even by the best web designers !
If you ’re looking for front - end web developer cheat sheets ( more CSS , HTML , and JavaScript ) check out Cheat Sheets for Front - end Web Developers .
Photoshop
Downloads : PDF ( Windows ) , PDF ( Mac )
Keys for using the Layers palette ( HTML )
Photoshop Lasso Tool Cheatsheet
Download : PDF
Photoshop Brush Tool Cheatsheet
Download : PDF
Color
RGB Hex Colour Chart
Downloads : PDF , PNG
Color Reference Guide ( PDF )
Download : GIF
Hexidecimal Color Chart ( HTML )
Typography
Download : GIF
Units / Dimension
Download : GIF
CSS / CSS Frameworks
Blueprint CSS Cheat Sheet
Download : PDF
YUI Library : CSS Reset , Base , Fonts , and Grids ( PDF )
Apple ’s CSS Cheat Sheet Widget ( Mac Dashboard Widget )
HTML /XHTML
HTML & XHTML Tag Quick Reference ( PDF )
Dreamweaver
Dreamweaver Quick Reference Guide ( PDF )
Dreamweaver CS3 for Mac Quick Reference Card ( PDF )
Illustrator
Download : PDF
Browsers
Will the browser apply the rule(s ) ?
( HTML )
Summary
There ’s a number of cheat sheets you can use for different areas of web design .
These are just little things , but they can save your agency a ton of time , which will save the client a ton of money .
Clients look for things such as the efficiency of an agencies procedures when they are choosing a web design company .
Even big institutions such as colleges , or fortune 500 companies are looking for ways to save on web design , so using these cheat sheets can help drive down the time of a project and the price for the client .
( Possibly ) Related Posts
The verdict is in on abstinence - only sex education for teens :
It does n’t work .
Statistics released by the National Center for Health Statistics in December show that , despite the Bush administration ’s faith in the save - it - until - marriage tack , pregnancy and birth rates among U.S. teens jumped in 2006 after 15 years of decline .
The question now is :
What next ?
Young people and sex -ed advocates are n’t waiting for policy makers to hash out an answer .
They are combining old - fashioned organizing with Internet - based efforts to elbow out space for a more honest conversation that speaks to today ’s realities — from the right to say no to often - taboo subjects such as anal sex .
Take 20 - year - old Mayadet Patitucci , who works with the nonprofit Illinois Caucus for Adolescent Health .
Patitucci remembers her sex -ed classes at Chicago ’s Curie Metro High School mostly because they were incredibly boring .
Yet the need for good sex ed was undeniable : 43 percent of the city ’s high school students were sexually active , and 6,000 babies were born to Chicago teens in 2005 .
- Advertisement -
Patitucci got involved in a citywide campaign demanding comprehensive sex ed—classes that address abstinence but also discuss issues such as birth control and differences in sexual orientation .
“ We believed that the entire school system needed to make a commitment to providing life - saving information to Chicago schools , ” she says , “ so we took our cause to the top . ”
GEORGIAN OPPOSITION politicians have wasted no time in trying to undermine president Mikheil Saakashvili , who remains broadly popular in Georgia but is still widely perceived in the country as having started the war with Russia .
Levan Gachechiladze , Mr Saakashvili's former campaign manager , who ran against him in January 's presidential elections , said Georgia 's political opposition would campaign for elections to be held " at the earliest opportunity " , perhaps within two months .
" This government has no chance of establishing trust with Georgians , " he said .
Kakha Kukava , secretary - general of the opposition Conservative party of Georgia , similarly criticised the president for the war .
" Saakashvili was personally responsible for the military operation , and for starting a war we could not win , " he said , adding that his party would wait until the situation had cooled and then call for mass demonstrations aimed at removing the government .
It is hard to overstate the bitterness the opposition harbours towards Mr Saakashvili .
He has steadily centralised his authority since he was brought to power by popular protests in the 2004 Rose Revolution and engineered a brutal crackdown on dissent last November .
Even though Mr Saakashvili has received a short - term boost of patriotic fervour as the country unites against neighbouring Russia , his opponents sense he is politically vulnerable on the issue of the war , which has devastated Georgia .
About 150,000 Georgians demonstrated earlier this week against the Russian invasion , and cheered Mr Saakashvili when he addressed them .
Nonetheless , many Georgians see the president 's decision to send troops into South Ossetia as the primary cause of the war .
" What he did by restoring constitutional order , in his words , was only to provoke Russia , " said Mr Gachechiladze .
The opposition risks being perceived as playing into Russia 's hands , as the Kremlin has made no secret of its desire to see Mr Saakashvili gone .
And with virtually no representation in parliament and the media , the opposition has no constitutional way to force early elections .
German chancellor Angela Merkel will travel to Georgia on Sunday for talks with Mr Saakashvili aimed at forging a lasting peace between Tbilisi and Moscow , a German official said .
The trip will take place two days after Dr Merkel meets Russian president Dmitry Medvedev in Sochi on the Russian Black Sea coast to try to resolve the conflict over the breakaway Georgian region of South Ossetia .
- ( Financial Times / Reuters )
Quebec City , September 4 , 2008 -- A Université Laval research team has demonstrated that intellectual work induces a substantial increase in calorie intake .
The details of this discovery , which could go some way to explaining the current obesity epidemic , are published in the most recent issue of Psychosomatic Medicine .
The research team , supervised by Dr. Angelo Tremblay , measured the spontaneous food intake of 14 students after each of three tasks : relaxing in a sitting position , reading and summarizing a text , and completing a series of memory , attention , and vigilance tests on the computer .
After 45 minutes at each activity , participants were invited to eat as much as they wanted from a buffet .
The researchers had already shown that each session of intellectual work requires only three calories more than the rest period .
However , despite the low energy cost of mental work , the students spontaneously consumed 203 more calories after summarizing a text and 253 more calories after the computer tests .
This represents a 23.6 % and 29.4 % increase , respectively , compared with the rest period .
Blood samples taken before , during , and after each session revealed that intellectual work causes much bigger fluctuations in glucose and insulin levels than rest periods .
" These fluctuations may be caused by the stress of intellectual work , or also reflect a biological adaptation during glucose combustion , " hypothesized Jean - Philippe Chaput , the study 's main author .
The body could be reacting to these fluctuations by spurring food intake in order to restore its glucose balance , the only fuel used by the brain .
" Caloric overcompensation following intellectual work , combined with the fact that we are less physically active when doing intellectual tasks , could contribute to the obesity epidemic currently observed in industrialized countries , " said Mr. Chaput .
" This is a factor that should not be ignored , considering that more and more people hold jobs of an intellectual nature , " the researcher concluded .
###
In addition to Jean - Philippe Chaput and Angelo Tremblay , the study 's authors include Vicky Drapeau , Paul Poirier , and Normand Teasdale .
Information :
Angelo Tremblay , Ph.D .
Faculty of Medicine
Université Laval
Phone : 418 656-2131 , ext. 7294
angelo.tremblay@kin.msp.ulaval.ca
In “ The Bubble “ , I discussed how religious sects shelter their members from criticism by creating isolated worlds where only orthodox viewpoints are heard from .
No doubt , this insularity creates a serious obstacle for atheists and freethinkers who want to promote the message of reason .
How can we even begin to persuade people unless we can reach them ?
How do we pierce that bubble and get our message where it needs to be heard the most ?
Obviously , there ’s no secret key to this .
No special choice of wording or tone will unlock the church doors that are barred against us .
But we do have one significant advantage that we can use .
In a recent comment , Lynet eloquently alluded to this advantage :
I suspect the problem is largely that people are so used to whispering around religion that an everyday voice sounds like a shout .
Lynet ’s comment was in reference to the tendency of apologists to demonize atheists who speak out as intolerant and prejudiced .
Religious believers are so unaccustomed to serious criticism that , when it does arise , it often catches them completely off guard , and they perceive it as a shocking and vicious attack .
This is unfortunate , because it means that stereotypes about us and our movement spread easily , and atheists have to spend considerable effort clearing them away just for our real message to be heard .
But , at the same time , this is something that we can benefit from as well .
Simply stated , the modern atheist movement has a significant advantage : the advantage of novelty .
New movements and new ideas are inherently newsworthy , especially if – as is true in our case – the idea under discussion is not just a new and different way of doing things , but a challenge to a belief long held sacrosanct .
Nothing attracts attention and interest like a controversy , and we have set our sights on the highest target there is .
We have stepped up to challenge literally the most sacred idea there is , the one upon which whole cultures are built and countless millions of individuals have based their very identity .
The audacity , the sheer outrageousness of this goal guarantees that atheists will not just be one more voice in the crowd .
We will be heard far and wide , which means that our arguments have a tremendous opportunity to reach people who would otherwise not have heard them .
Granted , we ca n’t expect that our ideas will make it through the screen of religious polemic intact .
They may only reach some people in distorted form , but even that is better than nothing .
The masses who simply believe what their pastors tell them and swallow whole the slanderous stereotypes disseminated from the pulpit are not the ones we ’d be likely to convince anyway .
But there will always be some people , in the pews or wherever else , for whom our words will strike a spark .
There will always be some who , once they learn of our existence , will take the initiative to seek us out and see what we say in our own words .
Once we ’ve won this initial hearing , we have the advantage .
Our arguments are stronger , and on a level playing field they can win the day .
But because our power to be noticed , to get our names out there , stems from the novelty of our message , it is necessarily an advantage we have for only a limited time .
Once the New Atheist movement becomes an accepted part of society ’s discourse , it will not command the same headline - making prominence .
We have a short time , so it ’s vital we make the most of it – make the most noise , be audacious , and spread the message as far and wide as possible .
We should n’t be afraid to be aggressive in getting the word out .
Doing this is an investment , and in time , it ’s one that will pay off .
Have you ever seen this before ?
I have n’t either .
It does look intriguing though .
This is courtesy of PSOnly .
Accessory giant Nitho will release a controller , remote AND keyboard all in one for the PlayStation 3 .
The device came up while at the Leipzig Games Convention .
See a picture of this multifunctional remote control beneath this .
As you can see the remote control has the standard buttons such as Play , Pause etc , and also the PlayStation 3 buttons .
If you however , open the bottom , you will see a keyboard with two mini analogue sticks and all the buttons of a normal controller .
Unfortunately it is not known yet when this remote control will be in stores and how much it will cost .
This article was co-authored by Clinton M. Sandvick , JD , PhD. Clinton M. Sandvick worked as a civil litigator in California for over 7 years .
He received his JD from the University of Wisconsin - Madison in 1998 and his PhD in American History from the University of Oregon in 2013 .
This article has been viewed 945,071 times .
X
If you ’re unsure about when you can make a citizen ’s arrest , check the laws in your local area , because the definition of a citizen 's arrest and when you can make one varies from state to state .
Detain someone if you witness them committing a felony , like murder , theft of more than $ 500 worth of property , rape , or a hit - and - run .
Before you attempt the arrest , make sure you ’re aware of your physical abilities and that you can actually detain the person , since your intervention may escalate the situation and make things worse if you can’t .
When you detain them , tell them you 're making a citizen 's arrest .
Then , use reasonable force to detain them until law enforcement arrives .
For tips from our Legal co-author on how to perform a citizen ’s arrest , keep reading !
Since it has become clear that ethanol and biodiesel made from food crops are doing more harm than good , the hope for finding a substitute for oil has shifted to algae and cellulose .
If we can believe the advocates of this ‘ second generation ’ of biofuels , these combustibles will deliver way more energy than it takes to make them , without threatening the world ’s food and water supplies .
Upon taking a closer look , however , this is very hard to believe .
They might even cause bigger problems than biofuels made from food crops .
Maybe this time around we could sort this out before the damage gets done ?
While the first generation of biofuels is wreaking havoc on the environment and the food markets , the second generation is set to make things even worse .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The biofuel disaster
Just two years ago , ethanol and biodiesel were heralded by almost everybody as a green substitute for oil .
Today , almost everybody realizes that it is a foolish idea .
Several studies have confirmed by now that it takes as much or even more energy to produce biofuels than they can deliver themselves .
That ’s because the crops have to be planted , fertilized , harvested , transported , and converted into fuel , all processes that require fossil energy .
If one also takes into account the land that is cleared to plant the energy crops , biofuels have become an extra source of greenhouse gases , while they were meant to lower them .
Biofuels also helped to fuel a rise in food prices by competing for agricultural land .
And very recently it also became clear that their production poisons water bodies .
In spite of this horrible record , both the European Union and the United States keep encouraging ethanol and biodiesel , mainly with the excuse that there is a ' second generation ' of green fuels on the way , particularly cellulosic ethanol and algal fuel , which have no harmful effects .
Sadly , this promises to be another dangerous illusion .
The cellulosic ethanol disaster
It is too early to say whether or not cellulosic ethanol can ever be produced with a net energy gain as a result – at the moment , it is impossible .
We can only hope that scientists will never succeed , because what we do know for sure is that cellulosic ethanol will be an even larger threat to the world ’s food supply than the first generation of biofuels .
Cellulosic ethanol is not made from the edible parts of crops , but from their stalks , roots and leaves .
It can also be made of non-edible plants , like switchgrass .
Therefore , at first sight , it seems unlikely that turning cellulose into fuel could present a danger for agriculture .
However , there is one , literally invisible problem : the soil .
In nature , the concept of waste does not exist .
The so - called “ waste ” that we plan to transform into fuel , is an essential element to keep the soil productive .
Leaves , twigs and stalks are decomposed by underground organisms , which turn it into humus that can feed a next generation of plants .
If you take away this material , the soil will become less and less fertile until all you are left with is a desert .
Of course , this process can be offset by adding more and more artificial fertilizers .
But , here 's the rub : fertilizers are made from fossil fuels .
Almost 30 percent of energy use in agriculture is attributed to fertilizer production ( both their production process and their content ) .
This means that the more energy we produce from cellulose , the more energy we will need to keep the soil fertile .
In short : this makes no sense .
The first generation of biofuels might endanger the world ’s food supply , but that process is reversible .
We can decide at any moment to change our minds and use the corn to make food instead of fuel .
A similar deployment of cellulosic fuels would destroy our agricultural soils , without any chance to repair them afterwards .
We will have mined the soil – a process that is irreversible , because when the soil becomes too exhausted , even fertilizers are of no help .
Cellulosic ethanol is a dangerous illusion .
And if you do n’t believe me , ask any soil scientist .
Nevertheless , as was announced earlier this week , the first cellulosic ethanol plant is scheduled to start working in 2009 ( even despite the fact that scientists agree that a net energy gain is not yet possible ) .
The algae fuel disaster
Also earlier this week , the first algal fuel production facility went online and that generated lots of excitement .
If we can believe the hype , it will not take long before we drive our cars and fly our planes on fuel made by algae .
The figures sound impressive .
Algae are expected to be able to produce 10,000 gallons of fuel per acre per year ( some say 20,000 gallons ) , compared to 700 gallons for palm oil and less than 100 gallons for corn and soy .
Algae could also be used as a jet fuel and as a source to make plastics and detergents .
Moreover , all this can be done with nothing more than sunlight and CO2 – and without the need for any potable water .
If algal fuel plants are placed next to fossil fuel plants , as some companies are planning to do , the algae could even capture the CO2 from the emissions of the coal or gas plant .
As one ecogeek summarized ; “ Welcome to the future , where single - celled plants eat our pollution and power our cars . ”
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
" There are very detailed figures on the amount of energy that will come out of the process , yet it is very hard to find any information on the energy and resources needed to make this energy output possible "
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This sounds too good to be true .
If you take a closer look at the claims of these companies , essential information seems to be missing .
They present very detailed figures on the amount of energy that will come out of the process , yet it is very hard if not impossible to find any information on the energy and resources needed to make this energy output possible .
If algae do n't produce more energy than it takes to produce them , driving cars on algal fuel does not make much sense .
And if they also use resources that are needed by agriculture , the game might not be worth the candle .
These are important questions , as we have learned from the ethanol and biodiesel fiasco , yet nobody seems to wait for the answers .
Some twenty companies are planning commercial facilities to make algal fuel , often backed up by petroleum businesses and government subsidies ( see here and here for an overview ) .
Water in the desert
Algae have higher photosynthetic efficiencies than most plants , and they grow much faster .
Up to 50 percent of their body weight is oil , compared to about 20 percent for oil - palm trees .
They do n’t need fertile ground , so that they can be grown on soil that is not suitable for agriculture .
All this sounds very good , but algae also need a few things , most notably : a lot of sunshine and massive amounts of water .
To grow algae , you also need phosphorus ( besides other minerals ) , an element that is very much needed by agriculture .
Design of a desert algae production facility : where does the water come from ?
Most algae are grown in brackish or salt water .
That sounds as if water is no issue , since our planet has not a shortage of salt water .
However , just like solar energy plants , algae plants are best located in very sunny regions , like deserts .
But , in deserts , and in very sunny places in general , there is not much water to find .
That ’s not a problem for solar plants , because they do n’t need it .
But , how are you going to get seawater to your desert algae plant ?
Check the websites of all these companies : not a word about it .
There are not that many possibilities .
You can transport seawater to the desert , but that 's going to cost you an awful lot of energy , probably more than what can be produced by the algae .
You can also take freshwater from more nearby regions or underground aquifers and turn it into artificial seawater .
But , you promised that algal fuel would not compete with food production .
A third option is to put your algae plant next to the sea .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
" Algae need a lot of sunshine and huge amounts of water - how do you get seawater to the desert ? "
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Now , there are places which are both close to the sea and have lots of sun .
But chances are slim that they are as cheap and abandoned like deserts are .
Most likely , they are already filled up with tourists and hotels , to name one possibility .
So you might be forced to look for a less sunny place close to the sea – which inevitably means that your energy efficiency is going down .
Which again raises the question : will the algae deliver more fuel than is needed to make them ?
How much water does algae production need ?
This information is nowhere to find .
“ A lot ” would be a good bet for an answer , since it ’s not enough to fill up the ponds or tanks just once .
The water has to be supplemented regularly .
Being able to produce 10,000 gallons of fuel per acre per year might sound impressive , but what really counts is how many gallons of fuel you can produce with a certain amount of water .
Contamination
The water issue is not the only “ detail ” that threatens the energy efficiency of algal fuel .
Compared to other plants , the photosynthetic efficiency of algae is high – almost 3 times that of sugar cane for instance .
Compared to solar energy , however , the energy efficiency of algae is very low – around 1 percent , while solar panels have an efficiency of at least 10 percent , and solar thermal gets 20 percent and more .
So why would we choose algae over solar energy ?
One reason might be that it takes quite some energy to produce solar panels , while algae can be grown in an open shallow pond with nothing else but sunshine and CO2 , which the organisms take from the atmosphere .
You will still need energy to turn the algae into a liquid fuel , but other than that no energy input is needed .
However , these low - tech methods ( comparable to growing corn , soy or palm trees to make ethanol or biodiesel ) are being left behind for more efficient ones , using closed glass or polycarbonate bioreactors and an array of high - tech equipment to keep the algae in optimal conditions .
Even though some companies still prefer open ponds ( like the PetroSun plant that started production last week ) , this method has serious drawbacks .
The main problem is contamination by other kinds of algae and organisms , which can replace the energy producing algae in no time .
Ponds also need a lot of space , because sunlight only penetrates the upper layers of a water body .
It 's the surface of the pond that counts , not the depth .
The laws of physics
Transparent aquariums ( called closed bio-reactors ) solve all the problems of open ponds .
These bioreactors can be placed inclined or suspended from the roof of a greenhouse so that they can catch more sun on a given surface .
And since they are closed , no other organisms can enter .
However , this method introduces a host of other issues .
Bioreactors have a higher efficiency , but they also use considerably more energy .
First of all , you have to build an array of structures : the glass or polycarbonate containers themselves , the metal frames , the greenhouses .
The production of all this equipment might consume less energy ( and money ) per square meter than the production of solar panels , but you need much more of it because algae are less efficient than solar plants .
Moreover , in closed bioreactors , CO2 has to be added artificially .
This is done by bubbling air through the water by means of gas pumps , a process that needs energy .
Furthermore , the containers have to be emptied and cleaned regularly , they have to be sterilized , the water has to be kept at a certain temperature , and minerals have to be added continuously ( because also here , just as with cellulosic ethanol , " waste " materials are being removed ) .
All these processes demand extra energy .
Are algal fuel producers taking these factors into account when they claim efficiencies that are 100 times higher than the ones from biodiesel and ethanol ?
Only they know .
It could be that these businesses are greatly overestimating their energy gains in order to attract capital .
One of the few critics of algal fuel , Krassen Dimitrov , calculated that the figures of GreenFuel Technologies are defying the laws of physics .
The company says that he is wrong , but his calculations surely look more convincing than the virtually non-existant information on their website ( update May 2009 : GreenFuel Technologies shuts down ) .
Feeding algae from smokestacks
Several companies plan to hook up their production facilities to a fossil fuel energy plant , in order to capture the CO2 and nitrogen emissions and " feed " them to the algae .
This method is hailed as a way of reducing greenhouse gases emitted by coal and gas plants , which is a ridiculous claim .
It 's very curious that this capturing technology is criticized when used in the context of " clean " coal , but applauded when it is used to make algal fuel .
In both cases , capturing CO2 from smokestacks raises the energy use of the power plant by at least 20 percent .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
" It 's curious that capturing CO2 from power plants is criticized when used in the context of ' clean ' coal , but applauded when it is used to make algal fuel "
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
That not only makes the technology very expensive , it also means that more coal or gas has to be mined , transported and burned .
Algal fuel can even be considered a worse idea than " clean " coal .
In the " clean " coal strategy , at least the CO2 is captured with the intention to store it underground .
In the case of algae , the CO2 is captured only with the intention to release in the air some time later , by a car engine .
Last but not least , capturing CO2 from power plants ties algal fuel production to fossil fuels .
If we switch to solar energy , where will the algal fuel producers get their CO2 from ?
Outsourcing energy use
Again , are algae producers considering the extra use of energy that arises by the capture of the CO2 when they claim that algae can deliver 100 times more energy than first generation biofuels ?
This seems very doubtful .
All these claims have one thing in common : they focus only on a small part of the total energy conversion chain .
A very good example is the story of Solazyme , a company that cultivates ( genetically modified ) algae in non-transparent steel containers , similar to those of breweries .
In this case the algae do not get their energy from the sun , but from sugar that is fed to them .
This method , says the company , makes them produce 1,000 times more oil than they do in sunlight , because sugar is a much more concentrated form of energy than sunlight .
But , where does the sugar come from ?
The researchers simply leave that part of the process out of their calculation , and nobody seems to care .
Growing sugar cane of course requires significant amounts of energy , land and water .
In fact , by turning off photosynthesis , the researchers eliminate the only advantage of algae compared to other plants : their higher energetic efficiency .
The photosynthetic efficiency of sugar cane is not even half that of algae , which means that if the whole energy chain would be considered , this process can only be worse than that of algae produced in transparent bioreactors .
Stop this madness
While the first generation of biofuels is wreaking havoc on the environment and the food markets , the second generation is getting ready to make things only worse .
Behind the scenes , scientists are already working on the third generation , whatever that may be .
In five or ten years time , when it becomes clear that algal fuel is devouring our water and energy resources and cellulosic ethanol is mining our agricultural soils , we will be promised that the third generation will again solve all the problems of the previous generation .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
" Producing fuels out of food crops could be a useful and sustainable solution if our energy consumption would not be so ridiculously high "
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It might be a better solution to bury the whole idea of biofuels right here and now and focus on real solutions .
The trouble with biofuels is not the technology , but our unrealistic expectations .
Producing fuels out of food crops could be a useful and sustainable solution if our energy consumption would not be so ridiculously high .
All our habits , machines and toys are built upon an extremely concentrated form of energy , fossil oil , and trying to replace that fuel with a much less concentrated form is simply impossible .
In 2003 , Jeffrey Dukes calculated that 90 tons of prehistoric plants and algae were needed to build up one gallon of gasoline .
We burn this amount of organic material to drive 25 miles to pick up some groceries .
In one year , the world burns up 400 years of prehistoric plant and algae material .
How can we ever expect to fulfill even a small part of our fuel needs by counting on present plant and algae material ?
The problem we have to fix is our energy consumption .
Biofuels , from whatever generation , only distract us from what really should be done .
© Kris De Decker ( edited by Vincent Grosjean )
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Updates :
1. Scientists warn of lack of vital phosphorus as biofuels raise demand ( June 2008 ) .
2 . How much energy does it take to construct algal factories ?
Chris Rhodes from Energy Balance made an eye - opening calculation ( November 2008 ) .
3 . The water footprint of bioenergy ( April 2009 ) : barley , cassava , maize , potato , rapeseed , rice , rye , sorghum , soybean , sugar beet , sugar cane , wheat and jatropha .
Algal fuel is not included , but the results are significant .
It takes 1,400 to 20,000 litres of water to produce 1 litre of biofuel .
4. Amid a sea of troubles , ethanol now has an antibiotics problem ( April 2009 ) .
5 . If you grow jatropha in marginal conditions , you can expect marginal yields .
( May 2009 )
6. GreenFuel Technologies shuts down .
( May 2009 )
7 . Producing biofuels from algae generates high levels of greenhouse gases ( January 2010 )
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Related articles :
Main page .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CRUFFLER.COM
presents Firearms Technical Trivia , April 2001 :
1. BACKGROUND
Fabrique Nationale's ( FN ) Fusil Automatique Legere ( FAL , or " Light Automatic Rifle " ) is one of the world 's most prolific self loading battle rifles .
The brainchild of gifted FN designer Dieudonne Saive , the FAL was adopted by more that ninety nations and license produced in more than ten of those , earning the sobriquet " the free world 's right arm . "
It is the definitive western postwar battle rifle , emblematic of NATO much as the AK - 47 was of the Warsaw Pact .
The FAL has been in service with one army or another since 1954 and has earned an enviable reputation for reliability and durability , serving with distinction in such disparate places ( and climates ! ) as Vietnam , the Sinai , the Brazilian rain forest , Western Europe , and the arctic regions of Canada .
It is a timeless design , considered by many to be unequaled in the field of military self loading rifles .
In those armies that phased the FAL out of service , the decision had more to do with standardization of the 5.56x45 mm cartridge than any failings on the rifle 's part , and in at least one , a 5.56 mm version of the FAL has been developed .
Enthusiasm for the FAL has not been restricted to the military .
Semiautomatic versions of the FAL are very popular with US shooters .
As luck would have it , there has been no time like the present to pursue an interest in this fine old warhorse .
The prospective FAL - phile has two ways to go with respect to obtaining his or her rifle .
On the one hand , there are no fewer than six different companies manufacturing semiautomatic FAL rifles on a production line basis at this time .
One can buy a FAL made by Century International Arms , Israel Arms , Olympic Arms , Hesse Arms , Entreprise Arms , or DS Arms .
Prices range from between $ 500 and $ 600 to in excess of $ 1,600 , with most coming in at a retail range of between $ 850 and $ 950 .
Additionally , the market is currently saturated with accessories and 7.62 mm NATO ammunition , making the FAL inexpensive to own and shoot .
With the exception of DS Arms ' higher end rifles , the FAL clones are all " parts guns . "
Specifically , when a military FAL is imported , the original upper receiver is destroyed in accordance with federal statutes and regulations .
The remaining parts , including the barrel , furniture , lower receiver assembly , and the rest of the rifle , are then assembled on a new lower receiver that has not been machined to permit the installation of the selective fire components .
During assembly , the requisite number of domestically manufactured parts are installed so as to ensure the finished product 's compliance with title 27 , Code of Federal Regulations , Section 178.39 ( the regulatory amplification of Title 18 US Code Section 922r ) .
The rifles are then refinished , packaged and distributed for resale to consumers .
In addition to pre-assembled rifles , the market is also awash in components ; bare upper receivers , parts sets ( all components less the destroyed upper receiver ) , legislatively necessary domestically manufactured parts , and aftermarket parts and accessories - all the enterprising cruffler needs to legally , and safely , assemble a FAL at home .
Upper receivers are made domestically by DS Arms , Hesse Arms , Entreprise Arms , and Olympic Arms .
Metric pattern parts kits available include South African R1 and R3 kits , Austrian StG58 kits , Belgian FAL kits , and Brazilian Imbel M964 kits .
Inch pattern kits available include UK and Australian L1A1 kits .
Domestic components used to bring the finished rifle into legislative compliance are manufactured by DS Arms , Entreprise Arms and Hesse Arms .
The advantages to building your own FAL are many , and include the ability to spread the costs out over an extended time , personal selection of indivdual components and finishes , personal selection of mechanical charateristics such as the headspace dimension , an intimate knowledge of the FAL and how it functions , as well as the intangible rewards that come from a job well done and having built something good with your own hands .
As attractive as the idea of building one 's own FAL is , there are some pretty large stumbling blocks that stop many people from trying their hand .
Among these are the procedures for barreling , headspacing , and installing muzzle devices , each of which requires a bit of specialized knowledge and equipment .
Potential problems aside , we were curious .
Just how difficult was it to build a FAL in a reasonably well equipped home workshop ?
Beyond killing the cat , curiousity also gets crufflers to spend a lot of time and money on gun related projects .
So we succumbed , and decided to attempt to build three FAL's .
Specifically we intended to build a South African R1 kit on an Imbel Type 03 receiver , an Austrian StG58 kit on an Entreprise Type 01 receiver , and another South African R1 kit on an Entreprise Type 03 receiver .
To make the test more " realistic , " all rifles were to be assembled in the basement " workshop " ( and we use that word very loosely ! ) of one of the CRUFFLER .COM staffers .
YONKERS 
In a nondescript ballroom at the Royal Regency Hotel here , some 100 budding sales consultants responded as if they were at an old - fashioned revival meeting where the Word was “ power . ”
One after another , shopkeepers , accountants and nurses stood up and testified to the money they had made persuading family and friends to switch from Con Edison to Ambit Energy .
Newly promoted consultants got ovations , handshakes and back slaps .
“ As good as I thought it ’d be , it was 100 times better , ” said Ray Montie , a former telecommunications salesman from Hauppauge , N.Y. , who claims to have made hundreds of thousands of dollars by building a network of more than 2,000 consultants for Ambit since last October .
“ I ’ve never seen a business grow so quick . ”
The business model  or ground - floor opportunity , as Mr. Montie put it  is not unlike Amway , Nu Skin and other multilevel marketing businesses : Average Joes and Janes sell friends a product or service ( who , in turn , sell friends a product or service ) with each seller getting a slice of the recruit ’s spending in return .
Only instead of pushing soapsuds or vitamins , Ambit evangelists sell gas and electricity .
The approach is a novel and perhaps inevitable byproduct of utility deregulation that began a decade ago , with broken - up monopolies now facing competition from alternative energy service companies , known as ESCOs .
Hundreds of ESCOs have sprung up  and some have folded up  in recent years , promising to supply gas and electricity cheaper than giants like Con Edison , which still delivers the power .
In New York City and Westchester County , ESCOs have nearly 600,000 customers ( Ambit officials refused to say how many customers it has locally or nationally ) .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Republican presumptive vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin is being prepped for her Republican convention debut tonight , and a team of policy advisors has descended on the Alaskan governor ’s Hilton hotel room to educate her on John McCain ’s national security positions , soon presumably to become her own .
Among her new advisory brain trust , Newsweek ‘s Michael Isikoff notes , Randy Scheunemann , the McCain campaign ’s top national security advisor and Steve Beigun , a former Jesse Helms and Condi Rice aide , as well as a striking number of Bushies :
Matt Scully , a former Bush White House speechwriter who helped draft some of the major foreign - policy addresses during the president ’s first term , is working on Palin ’s acceptance speech to the convention Wednesday night .
Mark Wallace , a former lawyer for the Bush 2000 campaign who served in a variety of administration jobs including chief counsel at the Federal Emergency Management Agency and deputy ambassador to the United Nations , has been put in charge of “ prep ” for the debate against Biden .
Wallace ’s wife , Nicolle Wallace , the former White House communications director , has taken over the same job for Palin .
Tucker Eskew , another senior Bush White House communications aide , is serving as senior counselor to Palin ’s operation .
Douglas Holtz - Eakin , the former chief economist at the Council of Economic Advisers who has been serving as top economics guru for the McCain campaign , has moved over to serve as Palin ’s chief domestic - policy adviser .
As Isikoff notes , “ The proliferation of former Bush White House aides in the Palin team may strike some as ironic — and could even provide some fodder for the Democrats — given the McCain camp ’s efforts to distance itself from the unpopular president . ”
With Palin sucking so much oxygen out of the Republican convention , and so many of the contradictions of her positions ( on earmarks , for instance ) generating media coverage and controversy , I asked a pro-McCain Republican national security think tank expert if his circles were starting to have buyers ’ remorse about Palin , who is something of a tabula rasa on the issues they most care about .
Yesterday , anyhow , he insisted they were not , and that Palin would possibly win McCain not just the enthusiastic support of evangelicals and pro-gun advocates , but possibly Reagan Democrats and more blue - collar and rural suport .
“ Nobody can say this is Bush , that this is third term Bush , ” the Republican think tank hand said .
“ Sarah Palin is not the Bushies . ”
But Palin ’s newly assembled foreign policy brain trust would suggest it is starting to look more like Bush - world every hour .
With a few exceptions such as David Frum and Charles Krauthammer , many Republican hawks have shaken off the initial surprise of McCain ’s pick of Palin to rally themselves to express confidence in her as yet untested national security positions .
( “ Napoleon is said to have declared that ‘ Geography is destiny , ' ” the Center for Security Policy ’s Frank Gaffney sent out in an email blast .
“ That certainly is true of Gov. Palin .
Her state is adjacent to Russia , a nation that has in recent years demonstrated a rising aggressiveness towards its neighbors . … ” )
And McCain ’s close friend , Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - NC ) , who reportedly wanted McCain to pick Sen.
Joseph Lieberman as his running mate , told the Post that Palin ’s lack of experience on foreign policy matters would n’t be a problem “ so long as she relied on his staff ” in the event of McCain ’s absence .
One senses these officials being not just good soldiers for the party , but thinking Palin naturally would turn for guidance to experienced foreign policy hands from the party ’s more hawkish wing should it ever come to it .
But reading accounts of her rise to power in Alaska suggests Palin is not a person who has ever showed much loyalty to those who helped usher her to power .
On the contrary , again and again , on an Alaskan oil and gas commission , with former Alaskan Governor Frank Murkowski , and with Sen .
Ted Stevens , Palin has demonstrated a pattern of riding powerful coattails to ultimately turn on those who showed her the ropes or gave her a break and succeed them .
( When Palin became mayor of Wasilla , for instance , she demanded the resignation of city employees who had signed an advertisement in support of her predecessor , in order to install aides who would be personally loyal to her , the New York Times reports .
Palin tried to fire the city ’s librarian who pledged to resist Palin ’s expressed interest in banning books , and outright fired the city ’s police chief who refused her request that he resign ) .
She seems quite capable of sticking it to the people whose loyalty she considers lacking , even some who lent her a hand .
Interesting what that might mean to the new team of Washington Republican national security hands now advising and expressing support for her .
They think perhaps should the ticket win , they will run her .
Her history would suggest that is not a sure thing , that she demands perfect loyalty from others , but does n’t tend to return it .
Part Shakespeare , part Machiavelli , two parts “ Twin Peaks . ”
If anybody feels a pang of jealousy over China ’s haul of Olympic gold medals , they need only pause to consider what the athletes went through to get them .
The only mother on China ’s team , Xian Dongmei , told reporters after she won her gold medal in judo that she had not seen her 18 - month - old daughter in one year , monitoring the girl ’s growth only by webcam .
Another gold medalist , weightlifter Cao Lei , was kept in such seclusion training for the Olympics that she was n’t told her mother was dying .
She found out only after she had missed the funeral .
Chen Ruolin , a 15 - year - old diver , was ordered to skip dinner for one year to keep her body sharp as a razor slicing into the water .
The girl weighs 66 pounds .
“ To achieve Olympic glory for the motherland is the sacred mission assigned by the Communist Party central , ” is how Chinese Sports Minister Liu Peng put it at the beginning of the Games .
Advertisement
The contrast could n’t be greater than between the Chinese and U.S. athletes .
In their post - match interviews , the Americans rambled on about their parents , their siblings , their pets , their hobbies .
They repeatedly used the word fun .
Shawn Johnson , the 16 - year - old gymnast , waxed enthusiastic about the classes she ’ll take when she returns to her public high school in West Des Moines , Iowa .
The Chinese athletes generally do n’t have pets or hobbies .
Or brothers or sisters ( since most are products of China ’s one - child policy ) .
While many U.S. team members hauled their parents to Beijing , most Chinese parents had to settle for watching the Games on television .
Chinese athletes train up to 10 hours a day , and even the children have only a few hours a day for academic instruction .
“ You have no control over your own life .
Coaches are with you all the time .
People are always watching you , the doctors , even the chefs in the cafeteria .
You have no choice but to train so as not to let the others down , ” gymnast Chen Yibing told Chinese reporters last week after winning a gold medal on the rings .
He said he could count the amount of time he ’d spent with his parents “ by hours . . . very few hours . ”
Advertisement
The Chinese sports system was inspired by the Soviet Union .
Whereas many U.S. athletes have ambitious parents to nurture their talents , China ’s future champions are drafted as young children for state - run boarding schools .
Scouts trawl through the population of schoolchildren for potential champions , plucking out the extremely tall for basketball , the slim and double - jointed for diving -- regardless of whether they know how to swim .
“ I wanted to be a ballet dancer , but they said pingpong was right for me , ” said Lu Lu , a 20 - year - old player at the Xuanwu Sports Academy in Beijing .
After Beijing was chosen in 2001 to host this summer ’s Games , China ’s sports authorities launched Project 119 ( after the number of medals available in track and field , canoeing , sailing , rowing and swimming that were not Chinese strengths ) and assigned promising young athletes to focus exclusively on these sports , some of which they ’d never heard of .
The final tally gave China 51 gold medals to the United States ’ 36 , and although the Americans won more medals overall ( 110 to 100 ) , the statistics allowed the Chinese government to claim victory for what Liu called its “ scientific ” methods .
Advertisement
“ The sports systems of the United States and China are very accurate metaphors for our societies .
China is a society run by engineers , based on planning and coordination and central planning , ” said Jamie Metzl , executive vice president of the New York - based Asia Society and an Ironman triathlete .
“ The state is the supreme entity and the role of the individual is to support the state .
“ Truth be told , this old Soviet system works .
If you are going to scan the whole population of 1.3 billion for a certain body type and then throw vast resources into training them , you will produce champions . ”
But the costs are higher than many Westerners would tolerate .
China is suspected of using 14 - year - old gymnasts and falsifying their ages to get around a rule designed to protect girls ’ health during the transition into puberty .
In sports where younger athletes are permitted , they often take risks that elsewhere would be unacceptable .
“ It ’s too dangerous , ” diving coach Zhou Jihong said to a Chinese newspaper , speaking of the extreme diet that kept his 15 - year - old athlete at 66 pounds .
“ She has superhuman willpower . ”
Advertisement
Chinese athletes , particularly women , tend to be much thinner than their Western counterparts .
Guo Jingjing , a gold medalist in diving who weighs 108 pounds , pointed out as much rather ungraciously when she referred to competitor Blythe Hartley as “ the fat Canadian . ”
The 5 - foot - 5 Hartley weighs 123 pounds .
Guo , 27 , suffers from health problems related to diving and is said to have such bad eyesight she can barely see the diving board .
It is a common hazard for Chinese divers , who are recruited as young as 6 .
“ Divers who start at an early age before the eye is fully developed have great chance for injuries , ” said Li Fenglian , doctor for the Chinese national diving team .
She published a study last year reporting that 26 of 184 divers on the team had retina damage .
Despite the validation provided by the Olympic medal count , China is probably heading in the direction of a more open system where the athletes have more freedom .
Having tasted celebrity and the wealth it can bring , many athletes have balked at remaining in a system where they are treated like rank - and - file soldiers .
Advertisement
More sophisticated Chinese are also mindful that being an Olympic superpower does n’t necessarily translate into world dominance .
The 1988 Olympics in Seoul were a huge triumph for the Soviet Union and East Germany , which won 55 and 37 gold medals , respectively .
By the time the next Olympics took place in 1992 , both countries were defunct .
--
barbara.demick@latimes.com
Advertisement
Angelina Qu , Nicole Liu and Eliot Gao of The Times ’ Beijing Bureau contributed to this report .
@@ -0,0 +1,169 @@
import os
from django .
utils .
encoding import smart_str , smart_unicode
try :
from cStringIO import StringIO
except ImportError :
from StringIO import StringIO
class File ( object ) :
DEFAULT_CHUNK_SIZE
= 64 * 2 ** 10
def __init__ ( self , file ) :
self .
file = file
self .
_name = file .
name
self .
_mode = file .
mode
self .
_closed = False
def __str__ ( self ) :
return smart_str ( self . name or '' )
def __unicode__ ( self ) :
return smart_unicode ( self . name or u ' ' )
def __repr__ ( self ) :
return " <%s : %s > " % ( self .
__class__ .
__name__ , self or " None " )
def __nonzero__ ( self ) :
return not not self .
name
def __len__ ( self ) :
return self .
size
def _get_name ( self ) :
return self .
_name
name = property ( _get_name )
def _get_mode ( self ) :
return self .
_mode
mode = property ( _get_mode )
def _get_closed ( self ) :
return self .
_closed
closed = property ( _get_closed )
def _get_size ( self ) :
if not hasattr ( self , ' _size ' ) :
if hasattr ( self . file , ' size ' ) :
self .
_size = self .
file .
size
elif os .
path .
exists ( self . file . name ) :
self .
_size = os .
path .
getsize ( self .
file .
name )
else :
raise AttributeError ( " Unable to determine the file 's size . " )
return self .
_size
def _set_size ( self , size ) :
self .
_size = size
size = property ( _get_size , _set_size )
def chunks ( self , chunk_size = None ) :
" " "
Read the file and yield chucks of ``chunk_size`` bytes ( defaults to
``UploadedFile.DEFAULT_CHUNK_SIZE`` ) .
" " "
if not chunk_size :
chunk_size = self .
__class__ .
DEFAULT_CHUNK_SIZE
if hasattr ( self , ' seek ' ) :
self .
seek ( 0 )
# Assume the pointer is at zero ...
counter = self .
size
while counter >
0 :
yield self .
read ( chunk_size )
counter -= chunk_size
def multiple_chunks ( self , chunk_size = None ) :
" " "
Returns ``True`` if you can expect multiple chunks .
NB : If a particular file representation is in memory , subclasses should
always return ``False`` -- there 's no good reason to read from memory in
chunks .
" " "
if not chunk_size :
chunk_size = self .
DEFAULT_CHUNK_SIZE
return self .
size > chunk_size
def xreadlines ( self ) :
return iter ( self )
def readlines ( self ) :
return list ( self .
xreadlines ( ) )
def __iter__ ( self ) :
# Iterate over this file - like object by newlines
buffer_ = None
for chunk in self .
chunks ( ) :
chunk_buffer = StringIO ( chunk )
for line in chunk_buffer :
if buffer_ :
line = buffer_ + line
buffer_ = None
# If this is the end of a line , yield
# otherwise , wait for the next round
if line [ - 1 ] in ( '
' , ' \r ' ) :
yield line
else :
buffer_ = line
if buffer_ is not None :
yield buffer_
def open ( self , mode = None ) :
if not self .
closed :
self .
seek ( 0 )
elif os .
path .
exists ( self . file . name ) :
self .
file = open ( self .
file .
name , mode or self .
file .
mode )
else :
raise ValueError ( " The file can not be reopened . " )
def seek ( self , position ) :
self .
file .
seek ( position )
def tell ( self ) :
return self .
file . tell ()
def read ( self , num_bytes = None ) :
if num_bytes is None :
return self .
file . read ()
return self .
file .
read ( num_bytes )
def write ( self , content ) :
if not self .
mode .
startswith ( 'w ' ) :
raise IOError ( " File was not opened with write access . " )
self .
file .
write ( content )
def flush ( self ) :
if not self .
mode .
startswith ( 'w ' ) :
raise IOError ( " File was not opened with write access . " )
self .
file .
flush ()
def close ( self ) :
self .
file .
close ()
self .
_closed = True
class ContentFile ( File ) :
" " "
A File - like object that takes just raw content , rather than an actual file .
" " "
def __init__ ( self , content ) :
self .
file = StringIO ( content or '' )
self .
size = len ( content or '' )
self .
file .
seek ( 0 )
self .
_closed = False
def __str__ ( self ) :
return ' Raw content '
def __nonzero__ ( self ) :
return True
def open ( self , mode = None ) :
if self .
_closed :
self .
_closed = False
A consignment of emergency woolly jumpers have been sent to the Australian island of Tasmania to help protect a colony of penguins from oil spills .
Hundreds of volunteers started knitting when a conservation group warned that Australia 's population of fairy penguins - also known as little blue penguins - was under threat .
About 1,000 of the jumpers , which cover the penguins from neck to foot , have been specially knitted , based on a pattern provided by the Tasmania Conservation Trust .
" They have come from everywhere , even as far away as Japan , " Trust spokeswoman Jo Castle said on Monday .
" Someone in New York asked for a pattern , but we have n't received it yet , " she said .
Protection from toxins
The penguins , which are indigenous to Australia , live on a small set of islands near a shipping route and are often hit by oil slicks .
Independent presidential candidate says he supports 9/11 truth movement
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Wednesday , Sept 10 , 2008
Independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader pledged support for a new investigation into the events of 9/11 Monday , commenting that the 9/11 Commission was “ flawed , right from the get go ” .
Nader was questioned by members of We Are Change Ohio at a campaign rally in Cincinnati , Ohio earlier this week .
Asked if he supported the 9/11 Truth Movement and the efforts of activists and victims ’ families to expose the lies surrounding the attacks , Nader responded ;
“ I was there when they were collecting signatures in the audience and I supported it . ”
Nader commented , referring to We are Change ’s activities at the meeting .
“ The 9/11 Commission , first of all , it took the members of the great families to push the administration even to have an inquiry , can you imagine an attack like that and the government did n’t even want to have an inquiry ? ” stated Nader .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ And second , the ground rules for the 9/11 Commission were that they were n’t going to name names , or hold anybody responsible , that ’s a real investigation , ” he added with irony .
“ So right from the get go it was flawed and there needs to be another one , and the best place to have it is New York City . ”
Nader concluded .
Nader was also asked to comment on Blackwater and the immunity of mercenaries in Iraq .
Watch the video :
Nader was a key figure in the original movement to establish the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , a government agency that has been fiercely criticized for its role in declaring the air at ground zero safe to breathe , when in reality it contained deadly toxins that have led to the chronic illnesses and slow deaths of hundreds of first responders .
Nader recently spoke with Alex Jones ( Mp3 ) concerning the lack of difference between the two main party candidates , the violations of the Constitution by the current administration , the futility of war in Iraq and Afghanistan , and the reasons he is running for president for a fifth time .
This article was posted : Wednesday , September 10 , 2008 at 11:01 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Slideshow ( 2 images )
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Nobel Peace Prize winner and environmental crusader Al Gore urged young people on Wednesday to engage in civil disobedience to stop the construction of coal plants without the ability to store carbon .
The former U.S. vice president , whose climate change documentary “ An Inconvenient Truth ” won an Academy Award , told a philanthropic meeting in New York City that “ the world has lost ground to the climate crisis . ”
“ If you ’re a young person looking at the future of this planet and looking at what is being done right now , and not done , I believe we have reached the stage where it is time for civil disobedience to prevent the construction of new coal plants that do not have carbon capture and sequestration , ” Gore told the Clinton Global Initiative gathering to loud applause .
“ I believe for a carbon company to spend money convincing the stock - buying public that the risk from the global climate crisis is not that great represents a form of stock fraud because they are misrepresenting a material fact , ” he said .
“ I hope these state attorney generals around the country will take some action on that . ”
The government says about 28 coal plants are under construction in the United States .
Another 20 projects have permits or are near the start of construction .
Scientists say carbon gases from burning fossil fuel for power and transport are a key factor in global warming .
Carbon capture and storage could give coal power an extended lease on life by keeping power plants ’ greenhouse gas emissions out of the atmosphere and easing climate change .
But no commercial - scale project exists anywhere to demonstrate the technology , partly because it is expected to increase up - front capital costs by an additional 50 percent .
So - called geo-sequestration of carbon sees carbon dioxide liquefied and pumped into underground rock layers for long term storage .
It feels good sometimes to be a muckraker against the corporate media .
The good people at MoveOn saw my post on Sunday on Tom Brokaw citing non-existent poll numbers as proof " in the interest of fairness " that more Americans thought McCain would be a better Commander in Chief and decided to ask their members to call out Brokaw for his de facto campaigning for McCain :
Sunday on Meet The Press , Tom Brokaw moderated a debate between McCain strategist Steve Schmidt and Obama strategist David Axelrod on topics ranging from Iraq to the Wall Street bailout .
At the end , Tom Brokaw did something strange .
He opted to give himself the last word and told the audience :
In fairness to everybody here , I 'm just going to end on one note .
And that is that we continue to poll on who 's best equipped to be Commander in Chief , and John McCain continues to lead in that category despite the criticism from Barack Obama by a factor of 53 to 42 percent in our latest NBC News / Wall Street Journal poll .
Gentlemen , thank you very much .
We checked , and the latest NBC poll actually has no question about Commander in Chief .
We contacted NBC about this , and it turns out Brokaw was referring to a poll taken weeks ago -- right after the Republican convention and well before Friday 's big national security debate .
And in each of NBC 's last two polls , Americans chose Obama over McCain .
Can you email Tom Brokaw today ?
Let him know that this election is very close , and we need journalists to be responsible .
Giving himself the last word in the debate , and citing an outdated poll number as if it was current , was a mistake .
As a responsible journalist , he should apologize for both .
Here 's where to contact him :
Tom Brokaw , Meet The Press feedback form : http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/6872152/
Then , help us track our progress by reporting your comment here :
http://pol.moveon.org/call/?cp_id=821&tg=558
On a related note , a journalist from a well - reputed publication also saw my post and asked NBC to explain where Brokaw got his facts .
At this time , they 've yet to respond .
Interesting that they responded to MoveOn so much more quickly than one of their own , is n't it ?
UPDATE : I love the hypocrisy of this statement by Brokaw on why he advocated pulling Olbermann off debate coverage :
Brokaw tells Steinberg he " advocated " for a modification to the anchor duties of MSNBC hosts Keith Olbermann and Chris Matthews during election nights .
His reasoning came with praise for the Countdown host .
" Keith is an articulate guy who writes well and does n't make his arguments in a ' So 's your old mother ' kind of way , " he said .
" The mistake was to think he could fill both roles .
The other mistake was to think he would n't be tempted to use the anchor position to engage in commentary .
That 's who he is . "
Et tu , Brute ?
Best Android VPN apps in 2020
VPN
Whether you 're out and about or browsing at home , an Android VPN will give you access to more content and protect your vital information .
Here are the very best 5 today .
WASHINGTON 
The number of times Senator John McCain ’s new advertisement attacking Senator Barack Obama for canceling a visit with wounded troops in Germany last week has been shown fully or partly on local , national and cable newscasts : well into the hundreds .
The number of times that spot actually , truly ran as a paid commercial : roughly a dozen .
Result for Mr. McCain : a public relations coup that allowed him to show his toughest campaign advertisement of the year  one widely panned as misleading  to millions of people , largely free , through television news media hungry for political news with arresting visual imagery .
Political campaigns have for years sought to broadcast their ads free by making them intriguing enough to draw wide coverage from news outlets .
And Mr. McCain ’s campaign has proved particularly adept at getting such free air time in recent weeks , as news stations endlessly repeat the advertisements , which feature provocative visuals that can fill time during a relative lull in the campaign season .
Michael Tedder
I 'm not sure what to add to the homepage yet , but feel free to browse my blog
Disclaimer : I ’ve taken the Rails i18n implementation because I ’ve worked with it lately and because I think it serves as a good case study here .
Personally , I think that all the guys have done a great work in realizing this i18n interface and with this article I do n’t want to attack them in any way .
You may want to read Sven Fuchs ’ writeup on the Rails i18n features first in order to better understand some parts of the article .
The Stumbling Block
A few days ago when I tried to implement the i18n functionality for Rails ’ Date and Time classes I stumbled across an interesting part in the i18n source or , to be more specific , in the simple backend ’s localize method :
def localize ( locale , object , format = : default ) raise ArgumentError , " Object must be a Date , DateTime or Time object .
#{ object . inspect } given . " unless object .
respond_to ? ( : strftime ) type = object .
respond_to ? ( : sec ) ? ' time ' : ' date ' formats = translate ( locale , : " # { type } . formats " ) format = formats [ format .
to_sym ] if formats && formats [ format .
to_sym ] # TODO raise exception unless format found ?
format = format .
to_s .
dup format .
gsub ! ( /%a/ , translate ( locale , :" date.abbr_day_names " ) [ object .
wday ] ) format .
gsub ! ( /%A/ , translate ( locale , :" date.day_names " ) [ object .
wday ] ) format .
gsub ! ( /%b/ , translate ( locale , :" date.abbr_month_names " ) [ object .
mon ] ) format .
gsub ! ( /%B/ , translate ( locale , :" date.month_names " ) [ object .
mon ] ) format .
gsub ! ( /%p/ , translate ( locale , :" time .
#{ object . hour < 12 ? : am : : pm } " ) ) if object .
respond_to ?
: hour object .
strftime ( format )
end
What this code does is basically take a format , look it up in the dictionaries and use it as a format string for strftime .
If it ca n’t find the format it will just convert the format parameter to a string and then use it in strftime directly .
Notice the comment !
It ’s basically a note from one developer to the other developers where they ask whether or not they should raise an exception if the format ca n’t be translated .
And well , they should !
Why and When Raise Exceptions ?
Over the years I ’ve come up with a little rule of thumb for exceptions :
Libraries Should Raise , Applications Should Not Raise .
Yes , it ’s as simple as that .
To understand the reasons for my rule of thumb , we have to switch to the world of compiled programming languages for a second .
Lots of libraries in C/C++/ Java/etc. come to you as compiled source which basically means you ca n’t just look at the implementation and figure out what the code does and how it behaves in different situations .
This , on the one hand , forces library developers to write good documentation for their code and , on the other hand , also means they must provide sensible error handling since the developer ca n’t just – like in Ruby – re-open a class and change a method according to their needs .
Ask yourself a little question :
If you pour water in a glass that ’s already full , would you expect the glass to react to that all by itself or would you rather take it into your own hands and stop pouring or maybe empty the glass ( you do n’t like what ’s in it anyway ) ?
In other words :
The tool should not decide about error handling but instead delegate it to its user .
At the moment of its inception , a programmer basically just can’t know how it ’s going to be used and thus ca n’t make decisions about how errors should be handled .
Plus , the programmer of the library should apply the principle of least surprise :
If I , as a user of the library , throw in an invalid value ( i.e. a value that ca n’t be found in the dictionary ) , I do n’t automatically expect that my value is just pushed into strftime no matter what .
Dynamic Typing and Error Handling
How do you actually define what ’s valid or invalid for a given parameter ?
Well , as long as you work with only one type of values , it ’s usually pretty straightforward .
Imagine a car with a pre-defined maximum speed and a setter for its current speed .
If the setter is invoked with a speed that exceeds the defined maximum speed it is invalid and it can trigger error handling like setting the current speed to the maximum speed instead of raising an exception .
However , if you allow a parameter to have different types , things get a little more complicated in a dynamically typed language like Ruby .
Where you would have interfaces and polymorphic methods in Java to ensure that all types are handled correctly , you need a full blown control structure in Ruby :
def method ( param ) case param when Symbol # do some symbol specific things when String # do some string specific things # etc. end end
With lots of different options , this quickly gets a bit bloated but it ’s a thing we accept because we get added flexibility that comes with dynamic typing .
The real challenge in this case is to conceive error handling that works .
Where in Java each polymorphic method usually has its own validation rules , we ’d have to throw them inside the code blocks in Ruby .
def method ( param ) case param when Symbol raise ArgumentError , " : default is not a valid option " if param == : default # do some symbol specific things when String raise ArgumentError , " param is too long - use max .
5 characters " if param .
strip .
length >
5 # do some string specific things # etc. end end
Sidenote : Premshree Pillai has written a very good Introduction to Static and Dynamic Typing over at SitePoint , so check it out if you want .
Apply it to Some Real Code
To cut a long story a little shorter , let ’s take a look at why I do n’t like the current implementation of Simple #localize .
Here ’s the code that I ’d need to write in order to support both , Rails ’ existing behavior and i18n capabilities :
def to_formatted_s ( format = : default ) return DATE_FORMATS [ format ]. respond_to ? ( : call ) ?
DATE_FORMATS [ format ]. call ( self ) .
to_s : strftime ( DATE_FORMATS [ format ] ) if DATE_FORMATS . keys .
include ? ( format ) type = self .
respond_to ? ( : sec ) ? ' time ' : ' date ' # could be TimeWithZone so I need to even check that in date # neet to check first if the format is defined - if not , fall back to default to_s I18n .
translate ( :" # { type } .formats " ) ?
I18n . localize ( self , format ) : to_default_s
end
To shortly explain the flow : Rails looks up standard formats in its DATE_FORMATS constant first .
If it can find it it either calls it if it ’s a proc or uses the format as a format string for strftime .
If it ca n’t find the format in the constant it does localization .
The I18n. translate is necessary because localize does n’t raise an exception if it can’t find the supplied format but instead uses it as a string for strftime .
We ca n’t have that since Rails falls back to to_default_s if it ca n’t find the format .
Here ’s what it would look like if localize raised an exception if it ca n’t find a format :
def to_formatted_s ( format = : default ) # fall back to default to_s if localize raises an exception DATE_FORMATS .
keys .
include ? ( format ) ?
strftime ( DATE_FORMATS [ format ] ) : I18n . localize ( self , format ) rescue to_default_s end
Here ’s the implementation for localize that I ’ve proposed to the i18n team :
def localize ( locale , object , format = : default ) raise ArgumentError , " Object must be a Date , DateTime or Time object .
#{ object . inspect } given . " unless object .
respond_to ? ( : strftime ) format = case format when Symbol type = object .
respond_to ? ( : sec ) ? ' time ' : ' date ' translate ( locale , :" #{ type } . formats .
# { format } " ) # raises I18n :: MissingTranslationData if format is n't found when Proc # allows for something like : long_ordinal => lambda { |date| " % B #{date.day.ordinalize} , %Y " } , # => " April 25th , 2007 " # similar to current Rails functionality , see ActiveSupport : : CoreExtensions : : Date format .
call ( object ) else format end .
to_s format .
gsub ! ( /%a/ , translate ( locale , :" date.abbr_day_names " ) [ object .
wday ] ) format .
gsub ! ( /%A/ , translate ( locale , :" date.day_names " ) [ object .
wday ] ) format .
gsub ! ( /%b/ , translate ( locale , :" date.abbr_month_names " ) [ object .
mon ] ) format .
gsub ! ( /%B/ , translate ( locale , :" date.month_names " ) [ object .
mon ] ) format .
gsub ! ( /%p/ , translate ( locale , :" time .
#{ object . hour < 12 ? : am : : pm } " ) ) if object .
respond_to ?
: hour object .
strftime ( format ) end
What happens here , exception - wise ?
First of all , I kept the ArgumentError that is raised if the object that is passed in does n’t respond to strftime .
The code then makes an assumption about the value of format that is pretty common in Rails and also Ruby :
If it ’s a Symbol it ’s most likely some kind of Hash key – therefore we try to look it up in our translations .
If it ca n’t find the translation , the translate method correctly raises an exception which is passed back to the caller – in this case the to_formatted_s method in the Date / Time classes .
The second option is to use a Proc – also fairly common in both Rails and Ruby itself – to evaluate a closure .
Finally , the default behavior is just to return the format parameter converted to a String ( notice the to_s at the end ) .
Both options rely on Ruby ’s internal error handling so if an error is raised it will – again – be passed back to the caller .
We ’ve also opened the possibility to add other options later in the game so we could , say , treat an Array differently .
In short , we ’ve basically set up a copule of rules for any programmer who wants to use the library :
You can pass in any parameter as an object as long as it has a strftime method .
The type of format you pass in affects how it ’s going to be handled by the library .
We delegate all error handling to y so you , yourself , are responsible for handling all errors .
So now whoever uses the library can again decide whether they want to re-raise the error or provide a sensible default behavior – like Rails does by falling back to the original to_s method .
Why Applications Should Not Raise
Now that I ’ve explained why I think that libraries should raise it ’s time to explain why application code should not raise .
First , let me explain what I mean by application code .
Roughly speaking , everything that you write yourself and ( usually ) exclusively for one application is what I consider application code .
So your models , controllers and views are application code .
Some stuff in the lib folder , although considered a library , might be application code , too .
Even some plugins might be considered application code : Rick Olson ’s popular restful_authentication plugin , for example , generates a user model and some other stuff for you that sits directly in your application and can – and usually even should – be changed .
I ’ve seen some code lately that raises a comparatively high amount of application code exceptions .
I think this is due to the rescue_from method that was added to Rails core in September 2007 because it makes it really easy to unify error handling .
Do I think that this is a valid approach for handling errors ?
Yes , absolutely .
Do I think that it ’s the best approach ?
Absolutely not .
While it may DRY up your code it usually also obfuscates it .
If you look at code that raises an exception and the handling of the exception is handled somewhere else you ’ll either have to think how you implemented the error handling or even look at the code again .
While this is perfectly acceptable and even natural for libraries because they do n’t know anything about the code that ’s going to use it , it feels awkward in application code .
When you write application code that can potentially cause errors you already know how these errors are going to be handled which – by my definition – is a clear case against raising an exception .
Do n’t get me wrong – I think DRY is a hell of a good rule .
However , when it comes to handling application code errors DAMP code is just a lot more readable and meaningful .
What Do You Think ?
I ’ve told you about my opinions and my rule of thumb so now it ’s time that you tell me about your experience with exceptions .
Do you always / never raise exceptions ?
Is it merely a question of style or is it important to raise exceptions , especially in libraries that other people are going to use ?
I look forward to hearing from you !
The U.S. State Department lodged a sharp protest over ongoing Pakistani missile strikes and ground raids today , saying the Islamic Republic was violating American sovereignty .
“ We will try to convince Pakistan …to respect [ the ] sovereignty of the United States — and God willing , we will convince , ” State Department Spokesman Sean McCormack told reporters .
The controversy stems from the Pakistan Army ’s recent decision , leaked in a prominent Pakistani newspaper , to mount intensifying air attacks and new ground assaults against extremists hiding in American safe havens across the ocean .
American papers reported that under the new policy , the Pakistani military will no longer seek America ’s permission in killing Americans , but will inform American diplomats about these killings as a friendly gesture between close allies .
Pakistan Army General Ashfaq Kayani told reporters outside Islamabad late last night that the new strategy was justified .
“ We are working to prevent more attacks on the Pakistani people , ” he said .
The general ’s stance signified strong Pakistani dissatisfaction with America ’s reluctance to crack down on religious fundamentalists and neoconservatives , who , experts note , have deep ties to American intelligence services and military leaders .
The largely unchecked extremists , experts observe , have used America to bolster the agenda of their ideological counterparts across the ocean in Israel , and to strike directly against Pakistan and other parts of the Muslim world .
“ We have to strike them over there so that they cannot order strikes against us here at home , ” General Kayani said , referring to American firepower that has terrorized hundreds of thousands of civilians on either side of the Pak - Afghan border and in the Middle East .
As Kayani spoke , new precision attacks and commando raids were being conducted against ranches in Texas , small towns in Alaska , the offices of AIPAC and energy - related lobbying firms in Washington , D.C. Commandos were also dispatched to America ’s unruly federally - administered Bible Belt , where resentment of government authority runs high .
Several high - value targets were killed in the attacks .
Local media outlets claimed 50 civilians were also killed , but these assertions could not be independently verified .
Pakistani officials said they would send in their own team to investigate the claims , time permitting .
Seeking to assuage domestic concerns , American officials downplayed the actions of their staunch ally .
“ The nation should not be upset by the statement of Pakistani General Kayani , ” White House Press Secretary Dana Perino said in an official statement .
“ Pakistan respect U.S. sovereignty and looks at us as partners , ” she added .
Regimes allied to Pakistan , including those in Iraq , Iran , Lebanon , Venezuela , Bolivia , and Palestine , expressed support for the new Pakistani strategy , citing the need to “ remove and destroy ” strongholds where key militants have masterminded attacks against their countries .
Informed of this , Ambassador Patterson appeared unfazed , saying , “ Pakistan respects American sovereignty . ”
She insisted that Pakistani officials provided her with assurances that “ no such order had been given ” for new rules of engagement .
Finally , the ambassador explained , America had already carried out its own recent military offensive that left hundreds of rural Americans dead , relieving the need for further Pakistani intervention .
But in Islamabad , Pakistani corps commanders said their new strategy would see continued implementation in the coming weeks .
Speaking on condition of anonymity , one commander said that as far as Pakistan was concerned , “ most things have been settled in terms of how we ’re going to proceed . ”
There ’s a popular book on entrepreneurship called The E - Myth which claims that bakers should n’t run bakeries , plumbers should n’t run plumbing companies , and everyone else should think about how they could turn their small business into a franchise .
On the face of it , there ’s a lot of good advice about how you ca n’t just be a good baker if you do n’t have a business bone in your body and expect commercial success .
Problem is that the reverse is also often true .
If you just put MBAs in place — or other professional managers without deep subject matter expertise — you ’re equally likely to end up with an uninspiring business that fails to be passionate about the right things .
To stay on the ball you need to know what ’s a good pass and the best way to do that is to be able to make one yourself .
Many of my favorite companies are driven by people at the top who intimately know how things should be because they could make them so .
The obvious example is the detail - oriented nature of Steve Jobs at Apple .
But a few other examples I like are Ulrich Bez at Aston Martin who ’s not only the CEO but also part of the company racing team at places like Le Mans .
Or Thierry Nataf at Zenith who ’s CEO and head designer of their luxury watches as well .
But what made me think about all this was Joel Spolsky ’s tale of a technical review with Bill Gates back in the 90’s :
Bill Gates was amazingly technical , and he knew more about the details of his company ’s software than most of the people who worked on those details day in and day out .
He understood Variants and COM objects and IDispatch and why Automation is different than vtables — and why this might lead to dual interfaces .
He worried about date and time functions .
He did n’t meddle in software if he trusted the people who were working on it , but you could n’t bullshit him for a minute because he was a programmer .
A real , actual programmer .
For people who love what they do , whether that ’s programming , design , designing watches , or building cars , that ’s a great motivation to not grow your company too quickly .
Enjoy the time when you can actually be a full participant in the actual activities themselves , rather than just managing them .
By Andrew Liszewski
Is anyone else starting to get the idea that the upcoming Olympic games in Beijing will be memorable , but not because of the sporting events themselves ?
According to the official website of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games , the following items are prohibited at the Olympic Green venues .
In accordance with national law , like elsewhere in the country , guns , grenades , gun powder , explosives , and other dangerous articles in this category are forbidden .
In addition , everyday objects that may potentially affect security , such as glass bottles , hot water thermoses , coolers , and other such items used to carry things cannot be brought into competition grounds .
No banners or other material bearing slogans are permitted .
With the exception of strollers and wheelchairs , no supportive equipment is allowed .
Whistles , horns , radios , walkie - talkies , speakers , drums , sticks , or sharp objects that may be harmful are also not permitted .
Sports equipment , suitcases , large bags , and professional camera equipment will not be allowed into the Olympic Green .
While most of the stuff is common sense , it seems that security will not be letting visitors bring in professional camera equipment unless they ’re brandishing press credentials .
As someone who exclusively switched to a DSLR a few years ago , I would hate to have to rely on a P&S camera , particularly if I paid to travel half way around the world to attend the Olympic games .
People have been speculating that the ban is mostly to prevent photographers with large lenses from blocking the view of other spectators in the stands , so why not just ban large lenses ?
It ’s not like they ’re hard to spot at a security checkpoint .
Unfortunately it ’s not like this rule is going to change with a week left before the games , so if you ’ll be attending , and have managed to score yourself tickets to an actual event , it looks like you ’ll have no choice but to leave your gear in your hotel room .
[ Prohibited items in Olympic Green ] VIA [ Crave ]
> Home
Google Android Emulator Skins
Hello Android fans and developers .
I 'd like to share with you some emulator skins I created for the Google Android SDK .
They are tested to work with the latest Android SDK version 1.0r1 .
For more information on installation and usage of these skins and the Android Emulator please consult my Android Emulator Tutorial .
HTC Dream / T - Mobile G1
screen resolution HVGA 320x480
HTC Touch HD
screen resolution WVGA 480x800
HTC Touch Pro
screen resolution VGA 480x640
Nokia N810
GNU Smalltalk
GNU Smalltalk is a free implementation of the Smalltalk - 80 language which runs on most versions on Unix and , in general , everywhere you can find a POSIX - compliance library .
An uncommon feature of it is that it is well - versed to scripting tasks and headless processing .
Contribute
Subscribe to the GNU Smalltalk mailing list for more information , bug reports , etc ... about GNU Smalltalk .
Contribute your Smalltalk source code to the GNU Smalltalk project or assist with your development skills .
GNU Smalltalk Resources
Three MIT undergraduates who found weaknesses in the fare cards for Boston 's subway system had planned to give a talk about their work at a hackers ' conference in Las Vegas this weekend .
But on Friday the Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority sued the students and MIT to stop the speech , and on Saturday morning a federal judge slapped the students with a 10 - day restraining order to keep their mouths shut .
The MBTA said that they needed time to investigate the student 's claims , and if they were true , to try to correct them before sensitive information got out via the students ' slide show presentation .
One slide explains that the presentation would teach attendees how to generate fare cards , reverse engineer magnetic stripes on cards and hack radio frequency identification ( RFID ) cards .
The next slide says : " And this is very illegal !
So the following material is for educational use only " [ AP ] .
Zack Anderson , one of the students in question , said he and his colleagues contacted MBTA to talk about their findings so transit officials could figure out how to respond .
" We felt like the issue was resolved .
That was verbally affirmed in a Monday meeting .
Then Friday we find out there ’s a federal lawsuit against us ” [ Boston Herald ] .
The students also said they planned to leave out key bits of information that would 've allowed people to steal free subway rides .
The case took a couple more turns over the weekend .
An Internet civil liberties organization called the Electronic Frontier Foundation took up the students ' case , saying the judge had erred in allowing a gag order .
The students missed their speaking time yesterday thanks to the restraining order , but EFF says it plans to keep fighting the injunction .
In the end , the MBTA likely brought more publicity to their woes than they ever would 've received if they 'd just let the students be .
In a declaration to the courts , the MBTA publicly released a " vulnerability assessment " they received from the students on the day of the lawsuit , which seemed to defeat the whole purpose of suing the students to begin with : Ironically , the document reveals more about the vulnerability in the MBTA system than the slides that the restraining order sought to suppress contain [ Wired ] .
( You can read it here [ pdf ] ) .
And if you were curious about the slide show , The Tech , MIT 's student newspaper , published it online [ pdf ] for all to see .
Image : flickr / SignalPAD
The Beavers ( 2 - 2 , 1 - 1 Pacific - 10 ) also upset USC at Reser Stadium in 2006 , when the Trojans were ranked third .
The team 's lone victory over a No. 1 team came in 1967 , when Oregon State beat the O.J. Simpson - led Trojans 3 - 0 .
USC quarterback Mark Sanchez 's pass was intercepted by safety Greg Laybourn on the 30 with less than 3 minutes to play .
Laybourn ran the ball back 28 yards to put Oregon State on the 2 , and Rodgers ran in the final 2 yards to make it 27 - 14 .
Fans carried Laybourn on their shoulders after the game .
Sanchez hit Patrick Turner with a 14 - yard scoring pass with 1:19 left , but time ran out on the Trojans ( 2 - 1 , 0 - 1 ) .
" I'm beside myself , " USC coach Pete Carroll said .
" They did n't hide what they were doing , they just did it .
We could n't stop it .
We could n't tackle . "
Rodgers ' rushing yards were the most by a Trojans opponent since Vince Young ran for 200 for Texas in the BCS national championship game in 2006 .
Rodgers ' brother James had six catches for 36 yards and two scores for Oregon State .
Lyle Moevao completed 18 of 26 passes for 167 yards and two scores .
" They came out and competed , " Oregon State coach Mike Riley said of his team .
" We were respectful , but not in awe . "
USC tailback Joe McKnight rushed for just 10 yards against the Beavers , after gaining 105 yards in the Trojans ' 35 - 3 victory over Ohio State .
Sanchez completed 18 of 29 passes for 227 yards and three scores , with the one crucial interception .
" Not our sharpest tonight -- everybody , every position .
There 's no need to point fingers , " Sanchez said .
" I 'm as guilty as anyone else .
I threw an interception -- costly late in the game . "
McKnight took the loss upon himself .
" I did n't make the plays .
Fumbled the ball , Dropped a pass , " he said .
" You can't blame anybody else but me . "
The game opened with drama , as USC safety Taylor Mays was called for a personal foul on James Rodgers on an 8 - yard touchdown reception .
Carroll asked that the score be reviewed , because it did not look as if the ball had crossed the line .
The touchdown stood , giving the Beavers a 7 - 0 lead .
The Beavers more than held their own through the first half , with the Trojans appearing confused about how to handle Jacquizz Rodgers , who is just 5 - foot - 7 and 185 pounds .
He somehow pushed through USC 's defensive line for a 2 - yard touchdown run to make it 14- 0 .
His big brother saw the end zone again before halftime .
Moevao's pass was nearly intercepted by USC cornerback Kevin Thomas , but the ball was tipped into the hands of James Rodgers to make it 21-0 .
USC answered on its first series of the second half with Sanchez 's 26 - yard scoring pass to Ronald Johnson .
Sanchez found wide - open receiver Damien Williams , who sprinted down the sideline -- and narrowly avoided Laybourn 's efforts to push him out of bounds -- to narrow it to 21 - 14 with 2:56 left in the third quarter .
The Beavers squandered a chance to add to the lead midway through the fourth when they tried for a field goal , but Sean Sehnem 's 41 - yard attempt was blocked .
The Beavers opened this season with two losses , at Stanford and Penn State , before returning home for a victory over Hawaii .
Despite their struggles , the Beavers had seen steady growth on offense and the emergence of Jacquizz Rodgers , who went into the game against the Trojans as the nation 's leading freshman rusher with 87.7 yards per game .
" For whatever reason we just could n't tackle him , " Carroll said .
" We 'd hit him in the backfield and he'd keep bouncing .
Him hiding behind the line of scrimmage was very effective .
We had troubles with it all day . "
USC had shown little vulnerability in victories at Virginia and then at home against then - No. 5 Buckeyes .
But Carroll noted earlier in the week that the familiarity of Pac - 10 play posed a danger .
The Beavers certainly seemed to have the Trojans figured out , holding them to 313 yards total offense .
Stafon Johnson was USC 's leading rusher with 48 yards .
Williams had six catches for 94 yards .
" The reality of the Pac - 10 is obvious , " Carroll said after the game .
USC was without cornerback Shareece Wright , who will miss several games due to a hairline vertebra fracture suffered in the Ohio State game .
Carroll had said Wright was being disciplined after being charged with felony resisting a police officer earlier this month , but would have played against Oregon State had he been cleared medically .
USC has lost three of its last four games in Corvallis .
You ’ve reached TheMemoryHole.org !
A diverse lifestyle blog with content on a variety of different topics to help you define and live the life you want to live !
Thanks for stopping by !
( Natural News )
The most recent numbers on life expectancy around the world show that life expectancy numbers in the United States are worsening , both in absolute and relative terms - a trend that has been blamed on the large proportion of the population with inadequate health insurance .
" There should no longer be a debate , " said Dave Zwiefel , editor emeritus of the , in an opinion piece published in the Madison , Wis. , newspaper .
" Health coverage produces healthier citizens .
It 's time for the U.S. to stop tinkering around the edges , putting Band - Aids on a broken system , and face reality .
We need , no , we deserve , a universal , single - payer health care system - now .
" Until recently , life expectancy in the United States was increasing : from 73.5 to 79.6 years for women and from 66.9 years to 74.1 years for men between the years of 1996 and 1999 .
According to the most recent survey , however , life expectancy for women has fallen 1.3 years since 1999 in 180 counties across the United States .
The same drop for men has occurred only in 11 counties .
The majority of the counties with declining life expectancies are poor , highlighting the inequitable nature of health care in the United States .
According to an April report from the Congressional budget office , the life expectancy gap between rich and poor in the United States continues to widen .
"
In 1980 , life expectancy at birth was 2.8 years more for the highest socioeconomic group than for the lowest , " the report reads .
" By 2000 , that gap had risen to 4.5 years .
" The United States ' worldwide ranking in life expectancy has dropped to 42nd , from its record of 11th .
" The ... reason is one that the defenders of the U.S. health system , if it deserves to be called that , refuse to admit , " Zwiefel wrote .
" We 're letting too many Americans go without adequate health care .
" More than 47 million U.S. residents are uninsured , with millions more underinsured .
Sources for this story include : www.madison.com
Way back in the days of 2007 , courier company Deadline Express treated their New Zealand patrons to a particularly evocative printed advertisement .
It was a $ 14,000 billboard that featured a timer counting down to when it would blow up , proving " when Deadline Couriers gives you a time , they actually mean it . "
We can't speak for the service , but the explosions were spectacular in video :
What you should take from this demonstration : upon timely delivery of your package , the Deadline Courier will yank a special cord and explode all over the client 's doorstep .
[ via Inventorspot and adsoftheworld ]
ASUS Eee Monitor images break cover
ASUS have surreptitiously released official photos of their misleadingly - named Eee Monitor , which in actual fact is not merely an LCD display but a full , all - in - one PC .
The machine , available in black and white , will feature an as - yet unconfirmed processor , likely to follow the trend of ASUS ’ Eee Box desktop PC and be Intel ’s 1.6GHz Atom N270 .
The screen is believed to be 19 - 21 - inches .
The iMac - alike machine has a webcam in the screen bezel and speakers underneath .
Around the back are four USB ports , an ethernet port , modem , DC - input , Kensington lock and audio sockets .
Another two USB ports and a multi - format memory card reader are on the side of the PC .
A Denon logo on the lower - front right - hand side suggests ASUS have roped the audio company in to take care of the onboard sound and amplification , which can only be a good thing .
Previous rumors regarding the Eee Monitor have suggested there will also be built - in TV tuner , although there is no obvious place to plug in an aerial .
ASUS is yet to confirm pricing , although it ’s believed to be in the region of $ 499 .
[ via LaptopMag ]
Thanks to Ford , we can now see just how incredibly stupid Ford has been with its planning .
Who in the world could ever imagine that a gas guzzler ( 16 mpg ! ) would not sell forever ?
Gosh , next thing you know Wall Street and the Republicans will tell us that the housing prices will always go up .
For those out there wondering if Ford had any business sense and change with the times , the answer is pretty clear .
Sure , they will gladly update their plans as long as tax payers foot the bill .
As soon as taxpayers cough up money for Wall Street bailouts , Iraq costs , tax cuts for the wealthy and whatever new bailout we ’re going to be committed to whether we like it or not , giving another chunk of billions should be easy .
It ’s all going to be a breeze now that the great American credit experiment is finished .
Toenails in Your Candy ?
Everyone has slow days , when you have to find something … anything to do in order to just pass the time .
It must be a slow day in this supermarket in Fujian NingDe , China .
Instead of organizing products or cleaning up , this employee decided it was a good time to cut her toenails … while sitting on boxes of food .
The video caught her clipping each and every nail while sitting on the food .
Toenails could be seen flying in every direction .
It is no wonder the store is so empty with employees like this around .
No mention as to whether the employee was fired as a result of her actions or not .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Coming to the rescue of a bedrock of American investing , the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve took three big steps Friday to shore up the $ 3.3 trillion U.S. money - market fund industry .
Investors have been fleeing money - market funds after a week of chaos on Wall Street that included the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers , an $ 85 billion government bailout of American International Group and a sweeping plan for the federal government to buy up financial companies ' troubled mortgage debt .
Money - market funds are typically a safe investment popular with American consumers and companies alike , but redemptions have severely strained fund families and global financial markets .
In response , the Treasury said it would insure up to $ 50 billion in money - market fund investments at financial companies that pay a fee to participate in the program .
The initiative , which lasts for a year , will guarantee that the funds ' value does not fall below the standard $ 1 a share .
" Concerns about the net asset value of money - market funds falling below $ 1 have exacerbated global financial market turmoil and caused severe liquidity strains in world markets , " the Treasury Department said in a statement .
Fed seeks to stabilize money fund assets
At the same time , the Fed took two steps to stabilize the debt products in which money - market funds invest .
The value of this debt plummeted this week as the funds rushed to sell their holdings to meet investor redemption demand .
Money - market fund holders cashed in a record $ 169 billion in the past week .
First , the Fed will lend an unlimited amount of money to banks to finance their purchases of high - quality asset - backed commercial paper from money - market funds .
Money - market funds hold approximately $ 230 billion in this type of debt .
In an unusual move , the Fed is lending the funds on a " non-recourse " basis , meaning if the value of the commercial paper - short - term debt issued by companies - declines in value , the agency will absorb the loss .
However , senior
Fed staffers said they do not expect to take any losses because the debt should regain its value once the markets stabilize .
Second , the Fed will purchase short - term debt issued by Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and the Federal Home Loan Banks from investment banks , which should also inject liquidity into the market .
Money - market funds hold about $ 69 billion of such debt .
Experts :
No need to cash out
Money - market experts say investors should n't panic .
They felt most funds were safe even before Friday 's government action , which will only add more confidence in the investments .
" I am very hopeful that this move with provide investors a high level of comfort , " said Connie Bugbee , managing editor of iMoneyNet , which follows money funds .
" The combination of this move and the next two days , when purchasing or selling money fund shares is not an option because it's the weekend , should be enough to calm the waters . "
Money - market funds have been under pressure for the past year as the credit crisis swept Wall Street .
But the tension soared this week amid a new round of trouble .
In ordinary times , investors turn to money - market funds as a stable place to stash extra cash in their brokerage or retirement accounts .
They usually offer higher interest rates than many bank accounts , such as money - market accounts .
For instance , the yields on JPMorgan Chase money - market account ranges from .15 % to .40 % , while Vanguard offers money - market funds with yields ranging from 1.63 % to 2.25 % .
Money - market funds can offer higher yields because they invest in assets ranging from Treasurys to short - term corporate debt , the latter of which comes with higher rates but more risk .
But unlike bank products , money - market funds are not covered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
Investors can lose money , and this week , those in one fund did .
The Reserve Fund announced Tuesday that it had to cut the price of shares in its primary fund to 97 cents and investors who wanted to withdraw money would have to wait a week for the proceeds .
Other mutual fund companies have had to take emergency maneuvers to stabilize their money - market funds .
Under siege from redemptions , Putnam Investments said Thursday it would close its institutional prime money - market fund and return all proceeds to investors at $ 1 a share .
Meanwhile , Legg Mason announced it would inject up to $ 630 million into three funds to allow them to maintain their $ 1 - a - share value .
Other fund companies - including Wachovia 's Evergreen Investments and Frank Russell Funds - announced earlier this week their parent companies also would put money into the accounts .
By Friday , federal officials worried that the strain on money - market funds had become too great and threatened the world 's financial system .
" Money - market funds play an important role as a savings and investment vehicle for many Americans ; they are also a fundamental source of financing for our capital markets and financial institutions , " the Treasury Department said .
" Maintaining confidence in the money - market fund industry is critical to protecting the integrity and stability of the global financial system . "
I was poking around and found some more about :* pages .
A few , actually .
Enjoy .
about : memory
about : stats
about : network
about : internets
about : histograms
about:dns
about : cache
about : plugins
about : version
I found references to two more , but they do n't appear to do anything .
Maybe they are for a special internal debug build only ?
Anyway , they are :
about : objects
about : chrome - nativeui
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - With financial markets reeling from a weekend of stunning changes on Wall Street , Democrats in the House of Representatives pushed on Monday to aid the faltering economy with a new stimulus package .
Legislation to inject another $ 50 billion into the economy , mostly by helping finance local construction projects that would create new jobs , was likely to come to a vote this month , a senior House Democratic aide said .
“ Jobs , jobs , jobs .
That ’s what it ’s about , ” said the aide , adding the bulk of the stimulus would focus on job creation .
But White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said she knew of no shift in President George W. Bush ’s opposition to a second stimulus bill .
“ No , I do n’t know of any change , ” she told reporters , while also questioning whether construction spending would actually create jobs over the short - term .
If it were to advance , the $ 50 billion would add to a $ 168 - billion economic stimulus enacted earlier this year , mostly in the form of tax rebate checks already issued .
The second stimulus program would also supplement other steps expected from the federal government in days ahead to boost the flagging economy and calm financial markets .
With unemployment rising to a five - year high of 6.1 percent , and with the bankruptcy filing of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. , Democrats in Congress want another election - year stimulus -- with or without the support of Bush , who gave his blessing to the first measure .
That first stimulus jolt contributed to preliminary estimates of solid second - quarter economic growth of 3.3 percent .
Shaken by Lehman ’s downfall and the planned acquisition of rival Merrill Lynch by Bank of America , markets on Monday were jittery over fears of possible related losses at global insurer American International Group .
A man walks out of the Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. building carrying a box of his belongings as he is surrounded by reporters in New York September 15 , 2008 .
Global markets plummeted on Monday after investment bank Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy protection , rival Merrill Lynch agreed to be taken over and the Federal Reserve threw a life line to the battered financial industry .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott
WALL STREET DECLINE
Stocks fell sharply on Monday , with the Dow Jones industrial average down some 3.6 percent in late afternoon trading , while short - term interest rates soared worldwide , reflecting anxiety among banks about lending to each other .
While details were still in the works , a second stimulus bill also would help low - income families pay winter heating bills and extend unemployment benefits for those exhausting existing aid .
States , which face higher costs of providing health care for the poor , also would get more help from Washington , according to several congressional aides .
Without a further extension of aid , nearly 800,000 workers will exhaust their unemployment benefits by early October , according to the National Employment Law Project .
Democratic Sen. Carl Levin , whose home state of Michigan suffers the highest joblessness in the United States , told reporters that an economic stimulus plan he wants the Senate to pass is “ in the ballpark ” of $ 50 billion .
Michigan is a key state for Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama and Republican opponent John McCain .
While Democrats and Republicans in Congress blamed each other for the economy ’s problems , Obama and McCain appeared to agree that the Bush administration had fallen down on the job .
McCain , at a campaign stop in Orlando , Florida , said , “ The American economy is in a crisis . ”
He added , “ Those regulators have been asleep at the switch , and we ’ve got to fix it . ”
At a rally in Grand Junction , Colorado , Obama said , “ This is a serious , serious situation ...
Too many folks in Washington and on Wall Street were n’t minding the store . ”
With the November elections drawing near , the White House is leaning heavily on the financial services industry to end the slow - motion crisis that has gripped the markets for months now , said Jaret Seiberg , policy analyst at Stanford Group Co .
“ At this point , one should expect the Bush administration to push the financial industry to finish off its sick and wounded as quickly as possible , ” Seiberg said .
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission plans to take action before the end of the week on abusive short selling , where investors try to profit from declines in a stock ’s price , a source briefed on the matter said on Monday .
On October 1 , legislation to address the steepest housing slump since the Great Depression is set to take effect , including a Federal Housing Administration program to get thousands of distressed borrowers into cheaper mortgages .
The $ 50 billion stimulus , if enacted , would add to huge federal budget deficits that the Congressional Budget Office last week predicted would hit $ 407 billion this year and rise to $ 438 billion next year .
High Pressure Washers to Manage Cleaning Tasks in Various Settings
Daimer Industries ® is revered across the globe as one of the foremost providers of cleaning equipment .
Upholding values of quality , durability , and power in each system supplied , customers can rest assured that they are in the right hands with our cleaning machines .
Super Max™ pressure washers certainly do not fall from the pack when it comes to the high quality standards , outstanding ruggedness , and commanding output power .
Let 's take a look at some of the unique features of Daimer® Super Max™ series of power washers .
Types and Features of Daimer Pressure Washers
Daimer Industries , Inc. ® is renowned all over the world as the leading supplier of high - grade cleaning machines .
The extensive range of cleaning systems available from Daimer® feature the best of everything : expert design , solid construction , quality components , latest technologies , user - friendly operation , and adherence to international safety standards .
Daimer®'s pressure washer machines in the SuperMax™ series vary from light - duty ones to extremely powerful versions designed to tackle the highly challenging applications in industrial settings .
To manage a repertoire of cleaning tasks in various settings , the SuperMax™ pressure washing systems come with different pressure levels , temperature options , flow rates , and other innovative technologies .
Depending on the specific cleaning applications , users can choose from an amazing series of pressure cleaning machines with different power options and heating preferences .
The most notable categories of pressure washing machines include gas powered pressure washers , electric pressure washers , trailer mountable pressure washers , and heated / non - heated versions .
What Makes SuperMax™ Products the Best Professional Pressure Washing Machines ?
What type of pressure cleaners do users generally certify as the best professional pressure washers ?
Obviously , the ones that greatly help bring down the effort and time that cleaning experts need to invest in various cleaning applications .
A number of advanced technologies integrated in the SuperMax ™ high pressure washer machines play a key role in simplifying the toughest cleaning tasks and enhancing the end results in the form of exceptionally clean surfaces .
Now , here is a look at the major aspects that make the SuperMax™ pressure washers stand out from conventional versions :
The high pressure washer systems in the SuperMax™ series feature low flow rates ranging from 0.4 gpm to 5 gpm .
The low flow rates considerably contribute to water conservation by drastically cutting down the volume of water required for cleaning applications .
So , when it comes to tasks , such as auto detailing , the volume of water that hits the ground is relatively low .
Sometimes , different surfaces in the same setting may demand the use of cold water and hot water / steam .
It is not a practical option to purchase different pressure cleaner systems to manage such tasks .
The SuperMax™ tri-mode high pressure washers have been designed to cater to such challenging applications .
The tri-mode capability enables the high power pressure washer machines to independently generate hot water , wet steam , and cold water for enhanced versatility .
Heavy - duty heating coils in the powerful pressure washer systems help convert cold water to hot water in a matter of seconds .
Best Industrial Pressure Washers - for Your Cleaning Applications
It is important to choose the right version of high professional industrial pressure washers for each application .
For instance , the SuperMax ™ high pressure washer designed for concrete maintenance simply is not appropriate for auto detailing .
Similarly , choosing hot water power washers is the right option when you need to accomplish superior degreasing jobs in industrial settings .
Moderately - powered commercial pressure washers are ideal for maintaining commercial settings , such as restaurants and automobile showrooms .
However , when you need to tackle the most demanding jobs , such as graffiti removal , industrial degreasing or fleet maintenance , it is best to choose the high - powered industrial pressure washers versions with higher pressure levels , temperatures , and flow rates .
Electric Powered Steam Pressure Washers with Multiple Advantages
The best steam power washers for indoor use are definitely the electric - powered ones .
The benefits are multiple .
The absence of fuel tanks make electric - powered pressure washers lighter , more compact and portable than gas - powered pressure washers .
An electric powered pressure washer also functions relatively silently and is thus ideal for use in hospitals , schools , and office complexes .
There are lots of environments , such as the food and beverage industry , that specifically insist on the use of only an electric powered high pressure washer rather than a gas pressure washer within the facilities .
The Vapor - Flo® high pressure washer systems that are powered and heated by electricity have been specially designed for use in such industries .
Gas Powered Pressure Washers for Unmatched Mobility
There are many settings , such as outdoor areas , where electricity may not be available or reliable .
The gas pressure washer systems have been designed for such tasks .
Other fuel options include propane and diesel .
The most notable advantage of a fuel - powered pressure washing machine is the total mobility due to absence of power cords .
Trailer mountable versions of gas pressure washer systems are recommended for maintaining vast outdoor areas .
Unique Technologies in SuperMax ™ Pressure Washing Machines
The technologies that add to the cleaning capabilities of SuperMax™ power pressure washer systems include :
The US Transportation Security Administration has done a backflip on a policy of adding people who had forgotten their ID to its database of suspect fliers .
The scheme kicked off in June , according to USA Today , the same time the agency officially declared people could not board planes in the US unless they showed ID .
At the time the TSA said it would still allow people who had misplaced , as opposed to refused to show , their ID on to planes .
But there was no mention of the database .
Being added to the database , effectively meant that innocent but absent - minded fliers in the US would find their IDs slapped in a database with everyone else the TSA decided was an undesirable , including people who breached flight securities regulations or acted suspiciously .
Or are foreign .
( We ’re guessing on that last one . )
Getting lumped in with the undesirable or just plain stupid in the virtual world is bad enough .
But in the real world unlucky fliers who were slapped into the database could also expect ongoing aggravation on subsequent flights .
TSA boss Kip Hawley told USA Today that adding the " forgetful " would enable the agency to track potential terrorists who were “ probing ” for weak points in US airport security .
However , Hawley phoned the paper back shortly afterwards and said the agency would not retain details , if subjects could convince screeners of their actual ID .
Which will still be a push if you really have lost your wallet / been mugged / are plain stupid .
Hawley said names of the ID - forgetful already in the database would be expunged within the month .
However , people simply deemed to have been “ acting suspiciously ” and who have been questioned by airport police will remain in the database for 15 years , along with information about their travelling companions .
Deep down , the TSA still believes that being forgetful is inherently suspicious . ®
Australia 's Prime Minister Kevin Rudd speaks during a session at the Progressive Governance Conference in Watford , central England April 4 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Alessia Pierdomenico
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - Australia ’s Prime Minister Kevin Rudd is a descendent of a child underwear thief and a convict sent to Australia from England for stealing a bag of sugar , a new family history of the prime minister has found .
Australia ’s Mormon church has spent more than a year researching Rudd ’s family history , and presented their findings to the prime minister on Thursday .
The Mormon church , based in Salt Lake City in the United States , has long held a reputation for the excellence of its genealogical research .
It found Rudd , like many Australians , had convict ancestors -- including his fifth great - grandmother who was sent to Australia at the age of 12 after originally being sentenced to death for stealing another girl ’s dress and underwear .
“ A study of our personal history helps us to respect the struggles that our ancestors endured , in a far different world than one we live in today , to give us the prosperity we now enjoy , ” church elder Terry Vinson said .
While a convict past was once a source of shame for Australians , most now wear any criminal ancestry with pride .
The first European settlers arrived in Australia from Britain in 1788 to set up a British penal colony .
More than 160,000 British convicts were sent to Australia until 1868 , when the convict transports stopped .
The family history reveals Rudd ’s fifth great - grandmother Mary Wade lived in poverty in England and survived by sweeping streets and begging .
In 1788 , aged about 12 , she and another girl robbed an eight - year - old girl of her dress and underclothes .
Wade was caught and tried at London ’s Old Bailey court in January 1789 and was sentenced to be executed , but after three months she was transported to Australia with 200 other women on the second fleet .
On the other side of the family , Rudd ’s fourth great - grandfather , Thomas Rudd , was sent to Australia in 1801 for a seven - year sentence for “ unlawfully acquiring a bag of sugar ” .
He married another convict , Mary Cable , sent to Australia in 1804 for stealing cloth .
No one expected the comforts of home .
Yet I did hope for something a little more pleasing .
A little more , what , pretty ?
Maybe rolling fields , a big red barn , rustic flavor in that roadside - farmstand , bed - and - breakfast kind of way ?
But on this organic farm in rural Western New York there are no gently weathered chairs , no flowerpots or drying herbs or other signs of country artifice , just ragged ground and barns held up , it seems , by air .
My husband and I , and our friends , have become comrades in community - supported agriculture , members of a farm co-op that requires an investment not only of money , but of time .
And this is our first workday .
At the meeting where we ’d learned about the farm , heard what was required of us and what we ’d get in return , I ’d looked around the room and felt suddenly aware of my lipstick .
We were upstairs in a Quaker meetinghouse , surrounded by bearded , solemn - faced men and long - haired women with untouched complexions .
Cars outside ( rusted Volvo wagons and modest compacts ) bore bumper stickers urging boycotts of the World Bank , advocating fair trade , and imploring me to free Tibet .
I , meanwhile , had just paid $ 50 for a rug that surely was made in a sweatshop .
But I ’m also vegetarian , and I do n’t use chemicals in the garden , nor am I inclined to like them on the food I eat .
So we signed up for a full share — $ 18 a week for a better assortment of organic produce than we could ever get in our own backyard , at the public market , or even at the chichi grocery store where we shop .
Weekly pickups quickly become a ritual .
Every Thursday evening after work we stopped by a natural foods store on the edge of downtown , where farm members set up tables to distribute produce driven in by other members who ’d worked on the farm earlier in the day .
Greens dominated the early weeks — lettuces , herbs , and lots of spinach , cabbage , kale , and bok choi — but before long we were carting home peppers and tomatoes , beans , squash , scallions and garlic , broccoli , various root vegetables .
We savored the freshness and variety of our weekly take , but for me , there was always an unsettling feeling of having stepped into a parallel universe , one in which the true socialists saw us for the imposters we were .
We ’d opted in because of the promise of organic produce and vague notions of wanting to support small farms and sustainable agriculture , but , truth be told , we did it partly for the novelty , the experience of it .
Our fellow shareholders arrived in utilitarian , fuel - efficient cars , some even riding bikes with backpacks and panniers for their food .
They shopped with authority at the natural foods store , filling their baskets while I bought a few odds and ends , saving the rest of my list for the big grocery store where I could get a latte and a cupholder for my cart .
Every time the cashier at the smaller store rang me out , I wondered if my purchases looked trendy .
A few nutrition bars , bulk pine nuts , natural sodas with artsy labels .
Years earlier , I ’d worked with a woman who ’d done a stint in the Peace Corps .
She wore shapeless natural - fiber clothes , was n’t picky about body hair and drove a beat - up car .
With an air of superior calm , she shunned most material possessions and modern conveniences , and liked to flaunt how mindful she was of other cultures , telling how she ate rat stew to avoid insulting women in the jungle village where she ’d been assigned .
I thought about her on our early visits to pick up produce , thought about how intimidating she could be , in a quiet sort of way .
For all our outward differences , we did share similar views on the environment , animal rights , social issues .
Still , while I was happy walking that yuppie - crunchy line , I always wondered whether she saw my efforts as half - assed , nothing more than fashionable political correctness .
So it was with an odd sort of satisfaction that I walked into work one day and found her wearing a fur coat .
“ I bought it at a garage sale , ” she said .
“ I figured it was already long dead . ” I stood there , clearly disapproving , feeling like the superior one .
Yet I realized , finally , that it was I , not her , who ’d been hung up on our differences all along .
It was easy , in those early days at pickup , to slip again into self - conscious comparisons , wondering what other shareholders would think of our house , my sprinkler addiction , my fondness for disposable dusting cloths with cute names .
I wanted to tap someone on the shoulder and say , “ Hey , I recycle and I have a compost bin . ”
I wanted to say , “ Sure I ’ve bought stuff made in China .
But I ’d rather eat dirt than shop at Wal - Mart . ”
Yet I settled for more subtle exchanges , trading cooking tips and asking people why they joined the farm .
By the time we have this first workday , it ’s 10 weeks into the season .
I do n’t much notice our differences anymore , or question them , and I ’m eager for the initiation of actually working the land .
We start the day picking Swiss chard , across the street from the barns , in a weedy field where the farmers have been at work since dawn .
We ’re given carefully pre-counted rubber bands and instructed in how to pick and bundle the crisp , colorful stalks .
Leaves with more than a couple of holes are n’t acceptable , and borer marks that spoil the stems are n’t “ aesthetically pleasing , ” so those are left where they ’re found , a concession , I imagine , to the supermarket - bred tastes of some of the farm ’s urban members .
“ I ’d eat it , ” I say out loud , defensively , to no one in particular .
Stepping and bending , grasping and pinching , lined up on both sides of the row , several of us keep asking the farmers , “ How does this bundle look ?
Are there enough leaves ? ” I wonder if they get tired of novices , and then I decide they ’d probably rather we ask questions than screw up .
We finish the chard , and a farmer we ’ve not met until now asks us to gather round in a circle .
She welcomes us , tells us what we ’ll be harvesting that day — the chard , then beets , kale , beans , and potatoes — and asks that we introduce ourselves .
There ’s me , my husband , our friends , a good - looking guy with a ponytail who works at Xerox , a middle - aged married couple who ’ve been members for years , a grandmotherly woman who ’s also a longtime comrade , and her great - nephew who ’s visiting from Germany .
Then there ’s a sleepy - looking blond lady and an Italian guy with too - short shorts who show up late with a wicker tote filled with work gloves , Michael Pollan ’s The Botany of Desire , and some gardening magazines .
I cringe as I recall my own inclination to bring something to read , and am grateful I decided against it .
As comfortable as this work feels , I ’m still wary , trying to understand what has stirred that place in me where certainties lose conviction , where confidence turns awkward .
Where did it begin ?
My parents were n’t hippies afflicted with sudden wealth , or silver - spoon brats struck by a crisis of conscience on Earth Day .
My father built cameras for Kodak , my mother was a waitress , and though camping and hiking were part of growing up , any interest in the environment ended at the front door .
My old Girl Scout newsletters , published painstakingly on our family typewriter , show I held opinions about littering ( bad ) and hurting wildlife ( also bad ) .
But my earliest memory of anything remotely green was post - college , in my first job , where I organized a recycling campaign for the newsroom .
After hours , I ’d march desk to desk , picking through trash cans and placing recyclable materials on my co-workers ’ chairs .
I was obsessed with cans , to the point that one of the graphic artists immortalized me in a poster .
Feet planted , brawny arms thrust forward , my caricature self looked like Xena on a sugar high , eyes wild and fingers dripping soda .
“ For the 3,000th time , would you PLEASE rinse your bottles and cans ?!? ! ”
I growled while flies buzzed around my head .
Life followed , and , with it , the values and preferences that evolve in ways we do n’t always understand .
I stopped eating meat , and grew to dislike processed foods and unpronounceable ingredients .
I started using shampoo and dish detergent that had n’t been tested on animals and that would n’t taint me or the ecosystem .
We bought an old house in the city and developed an interest in preservation and a disdain for sprawl .
Gardening consumed me .
The environment became a tangible , living thing that I wanted to protect .
Yet I did n’t shun consumerism or trade in my leather shoes .
I just settled in that middle region , knowing my limits , choosing realistic over idealistic .
Now , faced with the true believers , I wonder , do I feel like a hypocrite because I pick and choose how simply — how correctly — I will live ?
I hunger for authenticity , yet I notice the absence of quaint trappings at the farm .
It ’s during the beet - picking that one of the farmers first asks what we all do for a living , what kind of a job lets us take a Thursday off to pick vegetables .
The topic lingers through the morning , and gradually we learn that the farmer with the white bucket left a career on Wall Street to do this .
I ca n’t help cracking a smile when I think of the trade he made : shit for shit .
I like this lanky farmer and his wife .
They ’re mellow , appreciative , genuinely interested in us , and we in them .
I like the story of how they met and started this place with another farmer , the woman who ’d welcomed us all in our morning circle .
This other farmer is harder to read , more guarded , her prismatic hazel eyes searching , exposing .
She taught Russian literature in another life .
But she ’s been farming for 25 years now , and has long since abandoned any romantic notions she might once have held .
Her columns in the farm newsletter are eloquent , spirited , but edged ever so slightly with cynicism .
She is small and fit , graying black hair braided down her back .
When I see her later , shopping at the natural foods store in the city , I realize how tiny she really is .
To notice her for the first time then , you ’d never imagine she could haul groaning crates of potatoes , hoist fence posts , or wrestle a tractor in line .
As we pick beets , again with pre-counted rubber bands and careful instructions — five to six big beets , or seven to eight smaller ones — I find myself thinking too literally , agonizing over the right number .
What if they ’re kind of medium ?
But eventually it comes down to heft and fist size and asking everyone else whether the bunch looks big enough .
Later , picking beans , sitting on the rim of my bucket and tossing handfuls between my legs , I try to imagine what it ’s like to do this every day .
It ’s steaming hot today , the first day of August .
It ’s the kind of heat that snatches your breath , tickles your eyelids .
We drain water bottles and steal shade when moving between crops , pulling our hats low and smearing dirt - streaked sweat across our cheeks .
The bean - picking is fluid , not strenuous , but before long we ’re like a poorly choreographed dance troupe , crouching , then twisting , reaching , stretching , continually shifting position to ward off backaches and leg cramps .
Yet there it is .
This moment where I think ,
This is what I came here for .
This connection to the Earth , to my food .
The utter honesty of it .
Picking up our produce will be different from now on , because we ’ve been here , participated .
It ’s a fleeting moment .
During the potato - harvesting I find I ’m self - conscious again , out of my element even though I feel perfectly at home in the dirt .
The hazel - eyed farmer drives down each potato row , plowing below the tubers and lifting them to the surface in neat mounds , which we plunder on dirt - stained hands and knees .
We disperse along the rows , wooden crates at intervals , scooping as we go .
I ’m too far away when the instructions come .
Make sure you dig through all the dirt .
I make quick work of my section , using green leaves as my cue to dig down and shake the red potatoes free .
I ’m looking for the next row when the farmer sees my tilled mounds , untouched except for the depressions from which I plucked my finds .
Elsewhere , the dirt is scattered , flattened .
“ You need to dig through all the dirt , ” she scolds , kneeling and rummaging through the mounds .
“ I ’m sorry , ” I tell her .
“ I must not have heard that . ”
But she is n’t listening when I try to explain that I did have a method , that I was n’t just picking randomly .
“ Well , please let me know if I missed any , ” I say .
“ Oh , I will , ” she says .
Finding just three potatoes , she ’s contrite , tossing off small talk to lighten the mood .
But this tiny standoff must have rattled her , or perhaps the reality of our relationship — we buy shares , the farmers earn a living ­— eats at her .
Because moments later , when I throw a half - gnawed potato back into the trench , she admonishes me to throw it off to the side , so it wo n’t sprout .
“ What about all those potato buds clinging to the upturned plants ?
Wo n’t they sprout , too ? ” I ask .
She does n’t answer , but the lanky farmer does .
“ Yep , they probably will .
But we ’ll just till them under like always . ”
We ’re weeding when a nearby siren sounds .
It ’s noon , lunch , the end of our workday .
I ’ve been thinking about my peanut butter sandwich for the last hour , yet I ’m reluctant to leave the fields .
The sun is still pressing down , the air thick with the hum of insects , but I want to walk the rows , see which other crops are growing ripe , preserve the thread , however frail , that ties me to this place .
On the way back to the barns , we pass tomatoes and peppers , some flush and ready , others still weeks from their fleshy peak .
The hazel - eyed farmer stops to examine a broken pepper plant .
“ It was n’t like that before , ” she says , sounding puzzled , and I ’m instantly on guard .
Is she accusing one of us ?
I wonder .
Then I realize she ’s more likely sad , mournful at such waste , her order in the universe disrupted by random breaks .
We ’re almost to the barns when she stops again , grabs a watering can , and submerges it in a rain barrel .
She walks the length of a cold frame , sprinkling lettuce seedlings and talking about the mouse family that took up residence inside , until she dispensed some “ swift Texas justice . ”
Lunch prep is a communal affair , several of us standing elbow to elbow at the rinsing sink outside the barns .
A hose snakes from the one spigot , depositing fresh cold water where moments earlier a cloudy sink held the grit washed from that day ’s harvest .
We swish lettuce and kale in the tub , and rinse off carrots and scallions and tomatoes , and I try not to wonder whether anyone washed their hands after taking a trip to the barn ’s indoor outhouse , with its bare bulb and red , cow - patterned curtain .
I watch as one farmer , then another , drinks from the communal blue tin mug hanging above the spigot .
Once our salad is tossed and dressed , we carry our lunch down a slope to a weathered picnic table , cloaked in shade from nearby trees .
We ’ve each brought our own food , as well , and we spread it out on the table , offering one another grapes , blueberries , cucumbers , cheese .
The mood is easy , relaxed , lusciously content in the afterglow of hard work .
We talk about the farm , about painting a mural on one of the barns , about gardening and food and steaming summer days .
Yet the edge on this day has not gone away .
I ’ve brought half - sheets of paper towels to use as napkins , and I have plenty , so I offer them around .
A few take them , a few decline .
Politely .
But the hazel - eyed farmer looks up with a cool gaze .
“ No thanks , I ’ll use my pants . ”
I fumble with our peanut butter and jelly sandwiches , wrapped in foil , then zipped inside plastic bags .
Our grapes came out of a plastic bag , too , and we ’ve already emptied half a dozen packaged water bottles .
When the conversation turns to how we and our friends met , I jump at the chance to explain , recounting how we share a backyard gate , right next to our compost bin .
Earlier , we ’d noticed that the farmers had rigged a harvesting cart with bicycle tires and slots for blue recycling bins like those we use curbside in the city .
My husband , never knowing me to hold my tongue , asked , quietly , whether it bothered me that they ’d co-opted the bins for such an unintended use .
In any other setting , with any other people , I ’d have brought it up , mildly chewing them out for undermining the recycling effort by using their blue boxes for toys , firewood , random junk .
But here I took notice and let it go , figuring , perhaps , that the farmers came by the boxes honestly , as surplus , and thinking that even if they had n’t , how could I argue with what they were doing ?
Maybe I thought people as virtuous as these would n’t gain much from my little lecture .
At lunch , I wonder whether they are indeed more virtuous , or simply more confident in their grasp of what makes something moral , right , unassailable .
When our friends pull out a bag of potato chips , it ’s as though they ’ve placed a loaded gun on the table .
Conversation actually stops , people shift nervously .
But most accept handfuls , commenting on what a nice indulgence they are after a hard day ’s work .
The hazel - eyed farmer is silent , shaking her head no thanks as the chips are passed around .
We get talking about fats and oils , sharing thoughts on the latest research about nutrition and healthy eating .
The farmer does n’t say a word .
Is she amused by us ?
I ’m gripped by a sudden urge to go ransack her cupboards and see what sort of food I find .
I ’m aware that I feel threatened , that her convictions make me uncomfortably conscious of the gray areas in my life .
When she ’d told us about killing the mice , when she ’d crushed a potato beetle between her fingers , I ’d winced , not because I ’m squeamish , but because I ’d rather we all just get along .
If my garden flowers get nibbled or our yard is dug up by woodchucks , I ’m OK with that .
But out here that belief suddenly feels naïve .
The lettuce I ’ve been enjoying all summer , the potatoes I ’ll soon be roasting — neither would survive in my version of the food chain .
For these farmers , for many of my comrades even , things are not so black and white , after all .
The day is n’t over yet .
After lunch , those of us heading back to the city must pack our cars full of the day ’s harvest .
I apologize for bringing my husband ’s car , which is smaller than mine , but it was so hot today and his air conditioning works and , well …
I trail off , self - conscious once again .
Pampered girl , I think .
But no .
Good , we ’re told , the greens need to be kept cool , so let ’s put those in the back seat , not in the trunk .
The moment passes , and then we ’re packed and ready to leave , exchanging farewells and embraces .
The hazel - eyed farmer takes my hand , says goodbye , nice to meet you .
I think of the drive that morning , through small towns in the middle of nowhere .
How can people live out here ?
I look in her eyes .
The middle of nowhere ?
Maybe just the middle .
I climb in the car , drink in the cool air from the AC , and settle in for the ride home .
• 9 May 2008
Herold and Liberté j'écris ton nom came to prominence last summer when the organization led two anti-government - union rallies in Paris , the second of which attracted a phenomenal eighty thousand protesters .
A passionate speaker and essayist , Herold promotes liberty from a moral , ethical point of view — namely , from the standpoint of individual responsibility and the right of every individual to make his or her own decisions .
For this Atlasphere interview , Herold spoke with editor Andrew Schwartz about politics , French culture , her thoughts about the United States , and the goals of Liberté j'écris ton nom .
Sabine Herold is the editor and spokeswoman for Liberté j'écris ton nom ( Liberty , I Write Your Name ) , a think tank and activist organization at the forefront of a new and growing pro-liberty movement in France .
Herold and Liberté j'écris ton nom came to prominence last summer when the organization led two anti-government - union rallies in Paris , the second of which attracted a phenomenal eighty thousand protesters .
A passionate speaker and essayist , Herold promotes liberty from a moral , ethical point of view — namely , from the standpoint of individual responsibility and the right of every individual to make his or her own decisions .
For this Atlasphere interview , Herold spoke with editor Andrew Schwartz about politics , French culture , her thoughts about the United States , and the goals of Liberté j'écris ton nom .
The Atlasphere :
Sabine Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
and
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
have
against
pro
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
no
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
The Virtue of Selfishness
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
nothing
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
TA :
Herold :
How did you first become interested in politics ?
It 's interesting — when I was eighteen and still in high school , I was absolutely not interested in politics .
Then I arrived at the Université Science - Po [ Political Science University ] in Paris — and when I got there I was still almost apolitical .
But I 'd always been anti-communist , because I knew the consequences .
I knew it caused close to eighty million deaths — that 's just too many .
And at the Université Science - Po , I met many interesting people .
Everyone there is very political .
You have the left wing of course , but then I started talking with others and thinking , and I started reading some very interesting authors like Jean Francois Revel , Toqueville , and about six months later I discovered Hayek .
And I started thinking about these things .
Also , about one year after I arrived at school , the association Liberté j'écris ton nom was created by Edouard Fillias , another student at Science - Po .
I knew Edouard on a casual basis , and at one point he sent an e-mail to many people in Science - Po about his organization — so I went to the web site and found it very interesting to read the articles and to chat with other people on the forum .
All this led to my interest in politics and got me to thinking in a political way .
When you encountered these new ideas , were they shocking ?
Or did they resonate with you immediately ?
Libertarian - oriented thought is not exactly well known or popular nowadays in France .
You 're right , it 's not .
But I think I had always been a libertarian , without always knowing it .
When I wrote my first article for Liberté j'écris ton nom , even at that time I did n't know I was a libertarian .
The article was on euthanasia , and was written from a clearly libertarian perspective .
But when I wrote it , I was thinking only in terms of individual freedom , without knowing what libertarianism could be as a philosophy .
I think that to believe in individual freedom is a natural thing .
Since that first article , you 've become Liberté j'écris ton nom 's editor and spokeswoman .
What are the organization 's goals ?
What was the initial motivation for creating it ?*** image1*** It was created three years ago by several students who wanted to act in a political way , but outside the party system .
When you 're young , there 's no real forum to express your views in politics .
If you work for a political party as a young person , you can act — you can hand out some flyers — but you can't in that system think and express your own feelings .
The students who originally created Liberté j'écris ton nom wanted to engage in both actionreflection .
And that 's partly why I found it very interesting .
We have a web site where we publish articles , and that forces us to think about individual freedom , to try to define it and to apply it to current issues .
And we 're also activists — we organize conferences and demonstrations .
So it 's a very good combination that you can't find anywhere else in France .
Also , France does n't have a libertarian party , soâ € ¦That 's right — is there any libertarian movement at all in France other than Liberté j'écris ton nom ?
There 's not much .
The problem with libertarians , I think , is that we 're all very individualistic , so it 's hard to work together !
But there are various groups in France with libertarian ideas working independently .
Actually , I think each organization is useful in the area it wants to touch — some want to specialize on taxes , some want to specialize on pension issues , some are just general think tanks .
The thing that makes Liberté j'écris ton nom special in the libertarian movement is that we mix both action and reflection .
And that 's pretty rare in this movement , to include action .
You 're not joking when you say " action " — Liberté j'écris ton nom led a couple of very prominent anti-state - union rallies last summer in France , the second of which drew an incredible eighty thousand people .
How did those come about ?
The first one was May 25 in Paris in front of the town hall ( not in my home city , Reims , as some articles reported ) .
There were about fifteen hundred or two thousand people there , so this was a kind of prelude to the very big rally .
This first one was conceived in a café , where myself and two friends , whom I had met through Liberté j'écris ton nom , were complaining , saying that we had to do something .
At that time there were strikes in France by the state transportation workers , and the country had basically been crippled for about one month .
It was pretty impossible , because when you have to catch a subway , youto catch it — you want to go to work — and that had been impossible for about a month .
So we were just completely fed up .
And we decided to organize a demonstration against the unions on the twenty - fifth of May , because this was the day the unions wanted to organize a huge demonstration .
We actually wanted to do a kind of counter - demonstration , though we did n't want it to feel like we were onlysomething ; I think the term " counter - demonstration " is not a good one , because it implies that the primary demonstration is more legitimate .
We wanted a demonstration that was not just against the unions , but that was also - reform .
Because we wanted to say that we want to reform the country and that we need to have a pension reform — and we also wanted to oppose the unions blocking the country .
We had only about twelve days to organize it , so that was pretty difficult — but we did convince some mobile press crews to join us and we sent people faxes and e-mails .
It was pretty difficult to publicize it .
Well , you certainly hit the jackpot with the second rally .
Eighty thousand people is incredible .*** image2*** We really did n't expect that many people .
We were thinking that five thousand would be good — ten thousand would be absolutely perfect .
It must have been amazing .
Yes .
We just did n't figure there would be that many people .
But the French people would do that kind of thing .
They were so fed up with the unions blocking the country , they wanted to demonstrate and say — that 's enough — we want to go to work .
We do n't want some very small unions to block the whole country .
So I think in this instance Liberté j'écris ton nom had the role of a catalyst .
We helped the people do what they wanted .
I think we were at the right place at the right moment .
We did a lot of work , but the French people would do that kind of thing .
Do you consider yourself libertarian in the radical sense that ideally , you would promote a government whose only role is to protect the peace ?
Or do you think there 's some additional role for government .
Where would you fall on that spectrum ?
I think we have a need for a very small welfare component — very small .
I want to have some privatization everywhere , but for the very poor people I think it 's good to have a very small government welfare component to be sure that they do n't just starve .
It should n't be too big , though , like in France now , where it 's sometimes more profitable to rely on the state than to work .
I 'd also like to keep some state schools , but I do n't want to have laws that block the private sector .
Block the private sector ?
Yes .
In France it 's very complicated if you want to open a private school , for example .
I think we should let the private sector act just as they want .
The state should have its own schools for example , or social security , and leave the people completely free to decide .
Liberté j'écris ton nom has been around for three years or so .
How is it going ?
It 's going pretty well now .
We have two thousand paid members , and about five thousand people who have either sent money or sent a note saying that they want to support us .
We have almost ten thousand people in our database .
So it 's going quite well .
The media is starting to slowly recognize us .
Recently , a law was proposed that would ban strikes during work - travel times .
And when that was proposed , many journalists called us because they wanted to have a libertarian point of view on that issue .
Three or four years ago they would have called no libertarian because they would never have been interested in having the libertarian point of view .
That 's pretty good progress I think .
Do you think there 's an openness in France to libertarian ideas ?
I think it 's starting .
And that 's what we want to do .
I must say I 'm not really pleased that so many journalists are focused on me , because that 's absolutely not the point .
We are creating a new generation of libertarian people .
We are growing every day .
And we want people to think for themselves — we do n't want people to just trust us without thinking .
We want people thinking and being able to act , and that 's what we 're creating now .*** image6*** There 's a list of pro-freedom thinkers on Liberté j'écris ton nom 's web site , and it contains Ayn Rand , whose novels are of course the theme of our site .
Have you explored Rand 's work yourself ?
I 've not read that much — only little bits .
But I know that our president , Edouard Fillias , likes Rand 's essay on the government and likes her bookâ€ ¦ he has to give me that book .
( Laughs . )
I just forgot to ask him .
What he told me he liked about it is that it 's based on moral issues and values .
And that 's how we view libertarianism .
I think one of the problems in France is that libertarians are only focused on economic issues .
That is not the most important thing .
Of course , I think it 's really important to be economically libertarian .
But what is really the basis of a free society is the idea that people should be free to decide for themselves in any area — that means economically , but also in social issues , moral issues , or any issue .
The economy is important but it 's not the whole of it .
Also , economics is something that is very boring for many people .
I think if you want to touch many people , you should not speak in an economic way — you should tell them about values .
I think you just hit upon what I love so much about your essays — you approach freedom from a moral standpoint .
You also talk specifically about an ethics of individual responsibility .
Yes .
That 's an idea that is well known , if not always popular , in America .
In France , is the idea even in circulation ?
When you say " ethics of individual responsibility , " do people look at you as if you 're crazy ?
( Laughing . )
I think it 's something that people believe in and think about , but perhaps do n't always want to apply to themselves .
In fact , you can have no right if you have no duty on the other side .
Because if you have a right , you have to respect the right of the other .
Which means you have to be responsible .
For example , in France right now there 's actually a political debate about whether civil servants should be paid depending on what they 're doing and whether they 're good or bad .
Some people , especially the unions , are simply opposed to that ; they think that when you 're in public service , your level of productivity should n't be considered .
To me that makes no sense .
If a civil servant is not efficient , there 's no reason to keep paying him .
( Pause . )
France is still a communist country .
France is ?( Laughing ) .
Almost .
I think in America , some people consider us one of the very last remaining communist countries .
Some people are saying that about France .
Half in jest , I think .
But that actually raises an interesting question : what are your own thoughts and feelings about the United States ?
I think the United States is a country of freedom .
Our two countries have very strong historical ties .
I do n't approve of the fact that so many French people are anti-American , because we have the same culture .
I like that America is a country of freedom , and a country where you can create and make yourself what you want to be .
I would n't say that America is a perfect country , but it 's a country where you can at least try .
I suppose you find that 's less so in France .
Yes .
It 's really much more complicated , for example , to create a company .
Everything is very complicated because of the bureaucracy , which is involved in everything , all the time .
And yet you 've said you love your country .
I like our history and the values .
I love France and I love what we did in the past — for example , the Enlightenment .
I love all the great thinkers we had : Toqueville , Montesquieu , Bastiat — they 're very much individuals who gave rights to the individual .
I think that is the real spirit of France .
You supported the American - led war in Iraq .
Was there more French support for the war than Americans think ?*** image5*** There was n't much .
I think about ninety percent of the French people were anti-war .
There are many reasons for that .
Partially it 's because anti-Americanism is significant in France — but it's also because the media is very biased , so you saw very few people who were pro-intervention .
There were a few of us libertarians , and that 's about it .
I for one think that it 's always good to be free of a tyrant .
And when Liberté j'écris ton nom advocated intervening in Iraq , our arguments were not on the issue of weapons of mass destruction — they were on the issue that Saddam Hussein is a real tyrant and we have to get rid of him .
We advocate freedom in France , and the Iraqis also should be free .
They were not genetically created to be slaves .
I think that when the people in France demonstrated against war , they did n't want peace for the Iraqis — they wanted peace for themselves .
I take it you do n't think the value of freedom is " culturally relative .
"
No . Absolutely not !
It 's a matter of human rights .
I think human rights are more important than culture .
To me , cultural relativism is just a way to justify when human rights are being violated .
You mentioned that perhaps some of the opposition to the war was based on anti-Americanism .
Where do you think this anti-Americanism stems from ?
Well , I find it very weird , because America helped us twice in the two World Wars , and we have the same culture — the two of us are based on individual freedom and have the same values .
So it 's strange .
Maybe it 's because France would like to be more than it is now .
It 's really complicated .
I think it 's a kind of love - hate relationship .
I know some people accuse the United States of so - called " cultural imperialism , " which basically means that France imports American movies and television shows and other products , and there 's a worry that the French culture will change and be diluted and corrupted and so forth .
What are your thoughts about that argument ?
I think no one is forced to eat at McDonalds or to go watch American movies .
The people get what they want .
Those very big Hollywood movies — every one the French people want to see .
So they can do what they want .
You can't force the people to go to see French films if they do n't want to .
The French culture will change based on what the French people want to do with it .
No one is forced to go to McDonalds , no one should be forbidden to .
So just let the people decide .
In this and other issues , you guys are rather controversial in France .
What kinds of responses has Liberté j'écris ton nom generated ?
Many people just tolerate us , but we have many opponents .
For example , it 's very funny : Recently we organized a fake plantation of Genetically Modified Organisms [ GMOs ] in order to spawn and encourage research .
This is because France is the only democracy in the world where some people decide they have a right to destroy experimental cultures of GMOs because they 're opposed to them .*** image3*** We want research to be held without any problem , so we organized a demonstration and made some statements about our position on the issue .
And what was funny is that some anti-GMO leftists felt threatened by this .
Namely , José Bové , the French unionist who is leading the anti-globalization movement , along with the association Attac , which is also an anti-globalization group that 's popular in France , decided they had to jointly issue a press release saying that they are not obscurantists , since we had said they were anti-science and thus obscurantists .
So that was very funny .
Because it means they really fear us , which is interesting .
They hate us , but they also fear us .
What do you find to be the greatest challenge to promoting liberty in France ?
There are many things .
For one , the unions block any new reforms by going on the streets and demonstrating and blocking the whole country .
You also have the problem of a political class — people who have been in power for more than thirty years .
For example , Jacques Chirac — he was a politician before I was even born .
He has been living off the state longer than I 'm alive .
So , it 's crazy .
And all these people , they 're career politicians .
But when you administrate a country , when you 're a politician , you should have a wider view , and I think no one today has that .
Of the major parties in France , there 's the Socialist Party and the Union for a Popular Movement , both of which have producedon an intellectual basis for more than twenty years .
So you can understand why French people become disinterested in politics .
There are no ideas .
If a young French communist were to approach you and ask , why are you so enthusiastic about freedom , how would you respond ?
I 'd say that when you have no freedom and when you do n't respect the individual , it can lead to slaughter .
And the only way to respect the individual is to give him the freedom to decide for himself .*** image4*** I 'd say that you can't decide for others what they should be .
When you try to centralize everything and when the state tries to help the people too much and to decide for them what is good , it does n't work .
It did n't work in China , it did n't work in Cuba , it did n't work in North Korea .
Because in those cases you are trying to impose a model on the people .
But people are diverse , so no model can be applied to them .
And then if you do want a model to be applied to the people , you have to kill the people .
You should not create a model and then make the people adapt to the model — you have to do something that can adapt to the people .
Do you plan on making politics a full - time profession ?
Or do you have other plans ?
I'm in business school now , and I do n't know whether I want to go into politics or not .
But one thing is for sure : I think you have no legitimacy going into politics when you have not worked in the private sector before .
You can't issue laws that will affect companies if you do n't know how a company works .
And I think you also need a knowledge of economy and political philosophy .
You ca n't just be a professional politician .
It does n't make sense .
What does the future hold for Liberté j'écris ton nom ?
We 're not going to turn into a political party , I do n't think .
We are a civil organization and that makes us strong .
So we want to become a kind of lobby that puts pressure on the government and the lawmakers and influences them toward libertarian reforms .
In the near future we will be focusing some efforts on Cuba and on France 's relationship with Cuba .
I think it 's high time that the Castro regime fall .
We 're trying to hasten that fall , but it 's very difficult because many people in France still support Castro .
I remember in 1995 when Castro came to Paris and was received at the Elysée by then - president Mitterand — it was so disgusting .
We 're also organizing a big conference for members and supporters on the 17th of January .
And we 'll shortly be publishing something that we 're calling a Libertarian Manifesto — it 's like the communist one , but libertarian ; it will show what the ideas are .
It will also be about our values at Liberté j'écris ton nom — who we are and what we want to be done in France throughout the next twenty years .
In general we 're going to continue taking action to make the people more conscious of what libertarianism can be , in terms of concrete issues — because we want reforms .
We do n't want to wait for and we do n't expect a future libertarian revolution .
We 're anti-revolution .
We 've had many revolutions in France and you can never know what that holds .
Sometimes they finish with bloodshed .
So we want reforms and we want them to start now .
We do n't want to wait .
( CNN ) --
An abandoned baby whale that has been trying to suckle from yachts in an Australian harbor appeared to be weakening Wednesday as wildlife workers considered ways to save it .
Unless rescue workers can come up with a plan soon , the starving 2 - week - old calf might have to be put to death , officials said .
" It 's a really sad and difficult situation , " said a spokeswoman for the New South Wales Department of Environment and Climate Change ( DECC ) , who spoke on condition of anonymity , as is customary .
" It 's caught the heart of Australians , and at the moment the public is really , really desperately wanting something to save the whale . "
Humpback whales are in the middle of their annual migration from the Antarctic to tropical waters to breed and then back again .
The calf was first spotted Sunday in waters off Sydney .
Officials think it most likely was abandoned by its mother but are n't sure why .
On Monday , it was seen nuzzling up to a moored vessel in an attempt to find milk , the DECC said .
Watch the abandoned baby whale »
Wildlife officials towed the boat out to sea , and the calf followed .
They had hoped that the baby would link up with a passing group of humpback whales .
But the calf , unable to find its mother or another lactating female willing to be a surrogate , returned to the harbor Tuesday .
On Wednesday , officials tried once again to lure the calf to open waters .
But it refused to follow the wildlife officials ' boat .
" It obviously feels very secure in the harbor , " the spokeswoman said .
An expert from Sydney 's Taronga Zoo examined the whale and determined that while it was not suffering undue stress , it was getting weaker due to lack of food .
Now officials are hoping to use an inflatable sling to tow the calf farther out to sea , where it stands a greater chance of being reunited with its mother .
Do n't Miss
Lost baby whale thinks yacht is mom
" Maybe -- just maybe -- we will have some luck , " the spokeswoman said .
" It is possible -- it might not be probable -- but it 's possible that it could be picked up and adopted . "
Some Australians have suggested that wildlife officials take the animal into captivity , but that is unlikely to yield results , said Chris McIntosh of the National Parks and Wildlife Services .
" As the calf is still being breast fed , we have no way of feeding or socializing it , " McIntosh said in a news release .
" So taking this humpback into captivity is not an option . "
Calves suckle for 11 months and are " very very attached to their mothers , " the spokeswoman said .
" Unless it can go out to open water and find a mother , I do n't really know what 's going to happen . "
All About Sydney ( Australia )
RIFFWORLD , RIFFCASTER AND RIFFLINK ARE OFFLINE
In December 2015 , Sonomawireworks.com was redesigned as a responsive website on a new server .
It looks and works better , especially when resizing , on a variety of browsers and devices .
Check out the updated forums and online store .
We tried to keep the RiffWorld and RiffLink servers working during the transition , but were unable to because they are 7 years old , and in need of an upgrade .
Therefore , RiffWorld.com , RiffCaster song posting , and RiffLink online collaboration have been disabled .
We cannot make any promises about when and if we will be relaunching RiffWorld and / or RiffLink , or what form they will take .
We have backups of the servers , but there is no easy way for us to get to the files for you .
The engineers are busy working on the next big things for you to enjoy .
Hearing your music , hosting contests , and seeing such great relationships formed through music created with RiffWorks has been very inspiring through the years , and we thank you for that .
Please continue to enjoy creating music on your own with RiffWorks , and you are welcome to share links to your songs in the RiffWorld and Green Room forums for now .
We would like to re-launch a community soon where you can enjoy sharing music again .
RiffWorks Standard is packed with many other great features , and is on sale for $ 49 ( reguarly $ 129 ) for a limited time .
See the RiffWorld forum for details .
Contact support@sonomawireworks.com if you have any questions about your account .
WHAT WAS RIFFWORLD ?
Since 2005 , musicians worldwide used the RiffCast feature within RiffWorks to post their songs online for the community to listen and post comments .
RiffWorld.com online community for RiffWorks users was launched in 2008 .
We can't make any promises , but we hope to bring back RiffWorld , or something better , for song posting , RiffRumble song contests and more .
WHAT WAS RIFFLINK ?
Since 2007 , musicians worldwide used RiffWorks ' RiffLink online music collaboration to record songs together ( at the same time or different times ) , leaving comments along the way .
We can't make any promises , but we hope to bring back RiffLink or something better for collaboration .
[ digg- reddit - me ]
It drives me nuts the way so many otherwise intelligent people seem to accept the fact that bi-partisanship is the answer to our country ’s problems .
It makes me even more frustrated that John McCain has been able to sell bi-partisanship as a type of reform .
Bi-partisanship is neither of these things .
The first thing to make clear is that bi-partisanship is only a tactic .
It is not a philosophy .
It is not a theory of government .
It is a way to get things done .
Bi-partisanship is generally used for one of two ends :
To avoid taking action or making a decision on a controversial issue ; or To avoid responsibility for the consequences of an action that needs to be taken or a decision that needs to be made .
Bi-partisanship is sometimes – to paraphrase Churchill ’s defense of democracy – the worst influence on government , except for all of the others .
On certain issues which have paralyzed the government , bi-partisanship is sometimes the only answer .
When paired with a robust federal system – which allows regions and states to pass more specific legislation on contentious issues – it is sometimes the only way to keep a country together .
The culture wars of the 1990s involved good examples of issues that fit this criteria – issues such as abortion , gay rights , and gun control .
When two roughly equal sides have solidified their positions , based on their lifestyle and their core values , forcing either partisan position onto the public at large becomes political suicide and creates backlash .
Thus , the only solution is a bi-partisan mish - mash that accomplishes as little as possible while giving cover to both sides .
On other issues that require action on the part of the government , bi-partisanship is the most politically feasible way to deal with sensitive issues – such as social security , war , climate change , government bail - outs , and immigration .
Bi-partisanship is a political necessity with these issues because it allows blame to be diffused for the inevitable negative consequences of dealing with these issues .
On these issues , federalism does n’t work – and federal action must be taken in order to deal with the issue effectively .
Both sides generally compromise what they want – and the result is sometimes effective and sometimes not .
Generally bi-partisanship of this type is only able to be summoned during a crisis , or on the verge of an immediate crisis .
But even the defenders of bi-partisanship must realize that it is the system of bi-partisanship itself that has propped up many corrupt practices throughout American history – from slavery to segregation to the centralizing of power in Washington to the culture of lobbying .
Slavery was not ended until it became a partisan issue .
Official segregation was ended on a bi-partisan basis , but that compromise created a partisan backlash that reshaped the party landscape .
The final two issues are still supported by a bi-partisan consensus and attacked by members of both parties .
Bi-partisanship – in essence – only acts to protect the status quo .
In those rare instances in which it has been used for reform – rather than to shore up and protect the status quo – the bi-partisan consensus has quickly been destroyed as other influences took advantage of the inevitable backlash that accompanies reform .
As described , bi-partisanship is about compromise , getting things done , protecting the status quo , and consenus .
Which is why it is so ridiculous to call McCain a bi-partisan figure .
There are virtually no issues on which McCain has been bi-partisan .
Most of the examples given of McCain ’s bi-partisanship instead point to instances in which he became a partisan for the other side .
McCain was not being bi-partisan – he stood against his party and with the Democrats .
His positions were not “ bi-partisan ” – they were examples of a Republican acknowledging his party had the wrong position .
It is also worth noting that the Republican party , on all of these issues that McCain broke with them , had blatantly wrong and unserious positions .
Defending torture ?
Denying global warming despite the widespread consensus of scientists ?
It certainly takes a measure of courage to stand up to your party , even when it is clearly wrong , but if you think your party is so clearly wrong on so many issues , why do you remain a member of that party ?
This was the question that McCain faced in the years after Bush ’s initial election – and why he was considered as John Kerry ’s running mate and why he considered switching parties .
But something happened on the way to 2008 – and McCain , who had acted as a partisan for the Democratic positions on a number of issues , backed away from these positions and adopted hardline conservative positions – which is what makes his current bragging about bi-partisanship so clever .
He is essentially telling conservatives to believe what he says and what the hard - advisers who have surrounded him say and not what he has done in the past ; at the same time , he is telling independents and potential Democratic supporters that he has a history of bi-partisanship , and that they should trust that his past actions rather than his current words , advisers , policies , and campaign .
This is all very different than Obama ’s post - partisanship .
While bi-partisanship is merely a tactic , post - partisanship is a specific approach to governing that calls for bi-partisanship as a tactic to neutralize certain issues while advocating common sense , a focus on the long - term , and an emphasis on “ tinkering ” to deal with more significant issues .
This term was initially used by conservative Democrats and liberal Republicans in the late 1990s to describe an agenda which consisted of entitlement reform and deficit reduction – perhaps the two greatest accomplishments of the Clinton presidency .
The term fell out of use until Gov. Schwarzenegger and Mayor Bloomberg became prominent figures , in a large part by eschewing controversy and culture war issues and focusing on longer - term issues .
Obama , though not using the words himself , was seen as a post - partisan figure because his approach to politics was a more progressive take on the Schwarzenegger and Bloomberg approach .
Obama ’s post - partisanship calls for a focus on common ground over division on culture war issues – and strives to neutralize them – as Obama attempted to do in his acceptance speech in Denver .
Obama sees these issues primarily as distractions from the systematic and strategic long - term challenges America has been avoiding for the past twenty years while engaged in these culture wars .
Post - partisanship attempts to synethsize the best points made by the opposition while still taking action .
This approach stands in opposition to Clinton ’s triangulation which was a political tactic used to accomplish neo-liberal ends .
Instead , post - partisanship takes into account the essential ideological critique of the opposition and proposes programs which pragmatically deal with long - term issues .
More than anything else , post - partisanship calls for tinkering – trying new approaches and sticking with what works , no matter the idea ’s ideological pedigree :
I ’m a Democrat .
I ’m considered a progressive Democrat .
But if a Republican or a Conservative or a libertarian or a free - marketer has a better idea , I am happy to steal ideas from anybody and in that sense I ’m agnostic .
Obama ’s health care plan is a good example of this agnosticism and post - partisanship .
In dealing with a serious , long - term issue , he incorporates markets , avoids coercion , and yet makes a solid attempt at fixing a broken system by tinkering with what we have .
McCain ’s “ bi-partisanship ” has consisted of breaking with his party on a number of issues and siding with Barack Obama and the Democrats – and he deserves credit for that .
But Obama ’s post - partisanship is actually a strategy that describes how he will govern .
That ’s the difference .
Like Loading ...
Nine of them are retired .
Four of them are over 75 years old .
One is a theater producer , another a former Navy admiral .
Only two have direct experience in the financial - services industry .
Meet the Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. external board directors , a group of 10 people who , perhaps unknowingly , carried the health of the world 's financial system on their shoulders the past 18 months .
Lehman ...
How Many Secret Service Agents Does It Take To Hold Up A Pink - Faced Drunk ?
The second full length feature trailer for Quantum of Solace .
Quantum of Solace continues the high octane adventures of James Bond in Casino Royale .
Betrayed by Vesper , the woman he loved , 007 fights the urge to make his latest mission personal .
Pursuing his determination to uncover the truth , Bond and M interrogate Mr White who reveals the organisation which blackmailed Vesper is far more complex and dangerous than anyone had imagined .
Forensic intelligence links an MI6 traitor to a bank account in Haiti where a case of mistaken identity introduces
Bond to the beautiful but feisty Camille , a woman who has her own vendetta .
Camille leads
Bond straight to Dominic Greene , a ruthless business man and major force within the mysterious organisation , Quantum .
On a mission that leads him to Austria , Italy and South America , Bond discovers that Greene , conspiring to take total control of one of the worlds most important natural resources , is forging a deal with the exiled General Medrano .
Using his associates in the organisation , and manipulating his powerful contacts within the CIA and the British government , Greene promises to overthrow the existing regime in a Latin American country , giving the General control of the country in exchange for a seemingly barren piece of land .
which is however a main source of the South American water supply .
In a minefield of treachery , murder and deceit , Bond allies with old friends in a battle to uncover the truth .
As he gets closer to finding the man responsible for the betrayal of Vesper , 007 must keep one step ahead of the CIA , the terrorists and even M , to unravel Greenes sinister plan and stop Quantum getting its way .
As anticipated , let 's get into where it's all going wrong , especially for database - related code .
Remember , I was n't even trying to prove that asyncio is significantly slower than threads ; only that it was n't any faster .
The results I got were more dramatic than I expected .
We see also that an extremely low - latency async approach , e.g. that of gevent , is also slower than threads , but not by much , which confirms first that async IO is definitely not faster in this scenario , but also because asyncio is so much slower than gevent , that it is in fact the in - Python overhead of asyncio's coroutines and other Python constructs that are likely adding up to very significant additional latency on top of the latency of less efficient IO - based context switching .
Above , we see asyncio significantly slower for the first part of the run ( Python 3.4 seemed to have some issue here in both threaded and asyncio ) , and for the second part , fully twice as slow compared to both Python2.7 and Python3.4 interpreters using threads .
Even running 350 concurrent connections , which is way more than you 'd usually ever want a single process to run , asyncio could hardly approach the efficiency of threads .
Even with the very fast and pure C - code psycopg2 driver , just the overhead of the aiopg library on top combined with the need for in - Python receipt of polling results with psycopg2's asynchronous library added more than enough Python overhead to slow the script right down .
The results of several runs on different machines under different conditions are summarized at the bottom of the README .
The best performance I could get was running the Python code on one laptop interfacing to the Postgresql database on another , but in virtually every test I ran , whether I ran just 15 threads / coroutines on my Mac , or 350 (! ) threads / coroutines on my Linux laptop , threaded code got the job done much faster than asyncio in every case ( including the 350 threads case , to my surprise ) , and usually faster than gevent as well .
Below are the results from running 120 threads / processes / connections on the Linux laptop networked to the Postgresql database on a Mac laptop :
The purpose of the test suite is to load a few million rows into a Postgresql database as fast as possible , while using the same general set of SQL instructions , such that we can see if in fact the GIL slows us down so much that asyncio blows right past us with ease .
The suite can use any number of connections simultaneously ; at the highest I boosted it up to using 350 concurrent connections , which trust me , will not make your DBA happy at all .
So , I will here present a comprehensive test suite which illustrates traditional threads in Python against asyncio , as well as gevent style nonblocking IO .
We will use psycopg2 which is currently the only production DBAPI that even supports async , in conjunction with aiopg which adapts psycopg2's async support to asyncio and psycogreen which adapts it to gevent .
To which many people said to me , " so what ?
Your database call is much more of the time spent " .
Never minding that we 're not talking here about an approach to optimize existing code , but to prevent making perfectly fine code more slow than it already is .
The PyMySQL example should illustrate that Python overhead adds up very fast , even just within a pure Python driver , and in the overall profile dwarfs the time spent within the database itself .
However , this argument still may not be convincing enough .
The results we get are that the do - nothing yield from +
StopIteration take about six times longer :
That syntax is fantastic , I like it a lot , but unfortunately , the mechanism of that return conn statement is necessarily that it raises a StopIteration exception .
This , combined with the fact that each yield from call more or less adds up to the overhead of an individual function call separately .
I tweeted a simple demonstration of this , which I include here in abbreviated form :
At the core of asyncio is that we are using the @asyncio.
coroutine decorator , which does some generator tricks in order to have your otherwise synchronous looking function defer to other coroutines .
Central to this is the yield from technique , which causes the function to stop its execution at that point , while other things go on until the event loop comes back to that point .
This is a great idea , and it can also be done using the more common yield statement as well .
However , using yield from , we are able to maintain at least the appearance of the presence of return values :
Let 's be clear here , that when using Python , calls to your database , unless you 're trying to make lots of complex analytical calls with enormous result sets that you would normally not be doing in a high performing application , or unless you have a very slow network , do not typically produce an IO bound effect .
When we talk to databases , we are almost always using some form of connection pooling , so the overhead of connecting is already mitigated to a large extent ; the database itself can select and insert small numbers of rows very fast on a reasonable network .
The overhead of Python itself , just to marshal messages over the wire and produce result sets , gives the CPU plenty of work to do which removes any unique throughput advantages to be had with non-blocking IO .
With real - world activities based around database operations , the proportion spent in CPU only increases .
To highlight the actual proportion of these runs that 's spent in IO , the following two RunSnakeRun displays illustrate how much time is actually for IO within the PyMySQL run , both for local database as well as over a network connection .
The proportion is not as dramatic over a network connection , but in that case network calls still only take 1/3rd of the total time ; the other 2/3rds is spent in Python crunching the results .
Keep in mind this is just the DBAPI alone ; a real world application would have database abstraction layers , business and presentation logic surrounding these calls as well :
This script , adapted from the Openstack entry , illustrates a pretty straightforward set of INSERT and SELECT statements , and virtually no Python code other than the barebones explicit calls into the DBAPI .
A great misconception I seem to encounter often is the notion that communication with the database takes up a majority of the time spent in a database - centric Python application .
This perhaps is a common wisdom in compiled languages such as C or maybe even Java , but generally not in Python .
Python is very slow , compared to such systems ; and while Pypy is certainly a big help , the speed of Python is not nearly as fast as your database , when dealing in terms of standard CRUD - style applications ( meaning : not running large OLAP - style queries , and of course assuming relatively low network latencies ) .
As I worked up in my PyMySQL Evaluation for Openstack , whether a database driver ( DBAPI ) is written in pure Python or in C will incur significant additional Python - level overhead .
For just the DBAPI alone , this can be as much as an order of magnitude slower .
While network overhead will cause more balanced proportions between CPU and IO , just the CPU time spent by Python driver itself still takes up twice the time as the network IO , and that is without any additional database abstraction libraries , business logic , or presentation logic in place .
Update - redditor Riddlerforce found valid issues with this section , in that I was not testing over a network connection .
Results here are updated .
The conclusion is the same , but not as hyperbolically amusing as it was before .
I will address this only in terms of database access .
For HTTP / " chat " server styles of communication , either listening as a server or making client calls , asyncio may very well be superior as it can allow lots more sleepy / arbitrarily slow connections to be tended towards in a simple way .
But for local database access , this is just not the case .
Many ( but certainly not all ) within both the node .js community as well as the Python community continue to claim that asynchronous programming styles are innately superior for concurrent performance in nearly all cases .
In particular , there 's the notion that the context switching approaches of explicit async systems such as that of asyncio can be had virtually for free , and as the Python has a GIL , that all adds up in some unspecified / non - illustrated / apples - to - oranges way to establish that asyncio will totally , definitely be faster than using any kind of threaded approach , or at the very least , not any slower .
Therefore any web application should as quickly as possible be converted to use a front - to - back async approach for everything , from HTTP request to database calls , and performance enhancements will come for free .
Issue Two - Async as Making Coding Easier
This is the flip side to the " magic fairy dust " coin .
This argument expands upon the " threads are bad " rhetoric , and in its most extreme form goes that if a program at some level happens to spawn a thread , such as if you wrote a WSGI application and happen to run it under mod_wsgi using a threadpool , you are now doing " threaded programming " , of the caliber that is just as difficult as if you were doing POSIX threading exercises throughout your code .
Despite the fact that a WSGI application should not have the slightest mention of anything to do with in - process shared and mutable state within in it , nope , you 're doing threaded programming , threads are hard , and you should stop .
The " threads are bad " argument has an interesting twist ( ha ! ) , which is that it is being used by explicit async advocates to argue against implicit async techniques .
Glyph 's
Unyielding post makes exactly this point very well .
The premise goes that if you 've accepted that threaded concurrency is a bad thing , then using the implicit style of async IO is just as bad , because at the end of the day , the code looks the same as threaded code , and because IO can happen anywhere , it 's just as non-deterministic as using traditional threads .
I would happen to agree with this , that yes , the problems of concurrency in a gevent - like system are just as bad , if not worse , than a threaded system .
One reason is that concurrency problems in threaded Python are fairly " soft " because already the GIL , as much as we hate it , makes all kinds of normally disastrous operations , like appending to a list , safe .
But with green threads , you can easily have hundreds of them without breaking a sweat and you can sometimes stumble across pretty weird issues that are normally not possible to encounter with traditional , GIL - protected threads .
As an aside , it should be noted that Glyph takes a direct swipe at the " magic fairy dust " crowd :
Unfortunately , “ asynchronous ” systems have often been evangelized by emphasizing a somewhat dubious optimization which allows for a higher level of I /O - bound concurrency than with preemptive threads , rather than the problems with threading as a programming model that I ’ve explained above .
By characterizing “ asynchronousness ” in this way , it makes sense to lump all 4 choices together .
I ’ve been guilty of this myself , especially in years past : saying that a system using Twisted is more efficient than one using an alternative approach using threads .
In many cases that ’s been true , but : the situation is almost always more complicated than that , when it comes to performance , “ context switching ” is rarely a bottleneck in real - world programs , and it ’s a bit of a distraction from the much bigger advantage of event - driven programming , which is simply that it ’s easier to write programs at scale , in both senses ( that is , programs containing lots of code as well as programs which have many concurrent users ) .
People will quote Glyph 's post when they want to talk about how you 'll have fewer bugs in your program when you switch to asyncio , but continue to promise greater performance as well , for some reason choosing to ignore this part of this very well written post .
Glyph makes a great , and very clear , argument for the twin points that both non-blocking IO should be used , and that it should be explicit .
But the reasoning has nothing to do with non-blocking IO 's original beginnings as a reasonable way to process data from a large number of sleepy and slow connections .
It instead has to do with the nature of the event loop and how an entirely new concurrency model , removing the need to expose OS - level context switching , is emergent .
While we 've come a long way from writing callbacks and can now again write code that looks very linear with approaches like asyncio , the approach should still require that the programmer explicitly specify all those function calls where IO is known to occur .
It begins with the following example :
def transfer ( amount , payer , payee , server ) : if not payer .
sufficient_funds_for_withdrawal ( amount ) : raise InsufficientFunds ( ) log ( " {payer} has sufficient funds . " , payer = payer ) payee .
deposit ( amount ) log ( " {payee} received payment " , payee = payee ) payer .
withdraw ( amount ) log ( " {payer} made payment " , payer = payer ) server .
update_balances ( [ payer , payee ] )
The concurrency mistake here in a threaded perspective is that if two threads both run transfer ( ) they both may withdraw from payer such that payer goes below InsufficientFunds , without this condition being raised .
The explcit async version is then :
@coroutine def transfer ( amount , payer , payee , server ) : if not payer .
sufficient_funds_for_withdrawal ( amount ) : raise InsufficientFunds ( ) log ( " {payer} has sufficient funds . " , payer = payer ) payee .
deposit ( amount ) log ( " {payee} received payment " , payee = payee ) payer .
withdraw ( amount ) log ( " {payer} made payment " , payer = payer ) yield from server .
update_balances ( [ payer , payee ] )
Where now , within the scope of the process we 're in , we know that we are only allowing anything else to happen at the bottom , when we call yield from server.update_balances ( ) .
There is no chance that any other concurrent calls to payer .
withdraw ( ) can occur while we 're in the function 's body and have not yet reached the server.update_balances ( ) call .
He then makes a clear point as to why even the implicit gevent - style async is n't sufficient .
Because with the above program , the fact that payee.deposit ( ) and payer .
withdraw ( ) do not do a yield from , we are assured that no IO might occur in future versions of these calls which would break into our scheduling and potentially run another transfer ( ) before ours is complete .
( As an aside , I 'm not actually sure , in the realm of " we had to type yield from and that 's how we stay aware of what 's going on " , why the yield from needs to be a real , structural part of the program and not just , for example , a magic comment consumed by a gevent / eventlet - integrated linter that tests callstacks for IO and verifies that the corresponding source code has been annotated with special comments , as that would have the identical effect without impacting any libraries outside of that system and without incurring all the Python performance overhead of explicit async .
But that 's a different topic . )
Regardless of style of explicit coroutine , there 's two flaws with this approach .
One is that asyncio makes it so easy to type out yield from that the idea that it prevents us from making mistakes loses a lot of its plausibility .
A commenter on Hacker News made this great point about the notion of asynchronous code being easier to debug :
It 's basically , " I want context switches syntactically explicit in my code .
If they are n't , reasoning about it is exponentially harder . "
And I think that 's pretty clearly a strawman .
Everything the author claims about threaded code is true of any re-entrant code , multi - threaded or not .
If your function inadvertently calls a function which calls the original function recursively , you have the exact same problem .
But , guess what , that just does n't happen that often .
Most code is n't re-entrant .
Most state is n't shared .
For code that is concurrent and does interact in interesting ways , you are going to have to reason about it carefully .
Smearing " yield from " all over your code does n't solve .
In practice , you 'll end up with so many " yield from " lines in your code that you 're right back to " well , I guess I could context switch just about anywhere " , which is the problem you were trying to avoid in the first place .
In my benchmark code , one can see this last point is exactly true .
Here 's a bit of the threaded version :
cursor .
execute ( " select id from geo_record where fileid= %s and logrecno= %s " , ( item [ ' fileid ' ] , item [ ' logrecno ' ] ) ) row = cursor .
fetchone ( ) geo_record_id = row [ 0 ] cursor .
execute ( " select d.id , d.index from dictionary_item as d " " join matrix as m on d.matrix_id=m.id where m.segment_id= %s " " order by m.sortkey , d.index " , ( item [ ' cifsn ' ] , ) ) dictionary_ids = [ row [ 0 ] for row in cursor ] assert len ( dictionary_ids ) == len ( item [ ' items ' ] ) for dictionary_id , element in zip ( dictionary_ids , item [ ' items ' ] ) : cursor .
execute ( " insert into data_element " " ( geo_record_id , dictionary_item_id , value ) " " values ( %s , %s , %s ) " , ( geo_record_id , dictionary_id , element ) )
Here 's a bit of the asyncio version :
yield from cursor .
execute ( " select id from geo_record where fileid= %s and logrecno= %s " , ( item [ ' fileid ' ] , item [ ' logrecno ' ] ) ) row = yield from cursor .
fetchone ( ) geo_record_id = row [ 0 ] yield from cursor .
execute ( " select d.id , d.index from dictionary_item as d " " join matrix as m on d.matrix_id=m.id where m.segment_id= %s " " order by m.sortkey , d.index " , ( item [ ' cifsn ' ] , ) ) rows = yield from cursor .
fetchall ( ) dictionary_ids = [ row [ 0 ] for row in rows ] assert len ( dictionary_ids ) == len ( item [ ' items ' ] ) for dictionary_id , element in zip ( dictionary_ids , item [ ' items ' ] ) : yield from cursor .
execute ( " insert into data_element " " ( geo_record_id , dictionary_item_id , value ) " " values ( %s , %s , %s ) " , ( geo_record_id , dictionary_id , element ) )
Notice how they look exactly the same ?
The fact that yield from is present is not in any way changing the code that I write , or the decisions that I make - this is because in boring database code , we basically need to do the queries that we need to do , in order .
I 'm not going to try to weave an intelligent , thoughtful system of in - process concurrency into how I call into the database or not , or try to repurpose when I happen to need database data as a means of also locking out other parts of my program ; if I need data I 'm going to call for it .
Whether or not that 's compelling , it does n't actually matter - using async or mutexes or whatever inside our program to control concurrency is in fact completely insufficient in any case .
Instead , there is of course something we absolutely must always do in real world boring database code in the name of concurrency , and that is :
Twenty years ago , the writer and environmentalist Heathcote Williams launched an epic plea for the future of the whale .
His televised poem Whale Nation – with its closing lines , " From space , the planet is blue / From space , the planet is the territory / Not of humans , but of the whale " – was a hymn to the beauty , majesty and intelligence of the largest mammals on earth , as well as a prayer for their protection .
And the film was a stunning success around the world , attracting some of the largest audiences ever seen for a " nature " programme ; the published version , described as a modern version of T S Eliot 's The Wasteland , was a major bestseller too , with the American rights alone selling for $ 100,000 – a figure that prompted headlines at the time .
Whale Nation became the most powerful argument for the newly instigated worldwide ban on whaling – and for a moment , back in 1988 , it seemed as if a shameful chapter in human history might finally be drawing to a close .
Yet two decades on , the issues that Williams so passionately exposed are still with us .
The Japanese are still hunting in the Southern Ocean – supposedly a whale sanctuary .
Since 1987 , when the international moratorium took effect , an astonishing 25,000 great whales have been killed .
Under its Antarctic Research Programme , known as JARPA , and its North Pacific equivalent , known as JARPN , Japan has killed 7,900 minke whales , 243 Bryde 's whales and 140 sei whales , as well as 38 sperm whales , which it resumed hunting in 2000 .
In 2006 , JARPA II took 1,073 minke whales – known to their hunters as " cockroaches of the sea " – and added 50 fin whales to the tally .
These cetaceans ( from the Greek for " sea monster " ) died under the aegis of " scientific research " .
Only the piratical disruptions of protesters aboard the Sea Shepherd , who dogged the Japanese whaling fleet earlier this year , prevented the hunting of much - loved humpback whales in 2008 .
And it 's not only the Japanese .
Throughout the world , whales and dolphins – now known to be as intelligent as primates – are still kept as performing animals in oceanariums .
Since the 1960s , when killer whales were first taken from the wild , 200 have died in captivity .
Whales and dolphins still die , too , in their thousands as " bycatch " in commercial fishing .
They suffer from ever louder military and industrial sonar , causing mass strandings in which hundreds of whales and dolphins have been known to perish on beaches , slowly crushing their internal organs under their own weight .
Meanwhile , the environmental threat to whales is greater than ever .
As oceans warm and the oxygen content of the sea is impaired and acidifies , the zooplankton and small fish on which whales feed move further north , threatening long - held feeding and migration patterns .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
One hundred and fifty years ago , in the most famous whaling book of all , Moby - Dick , Herman Melville asked presciently , " Does the Whale 's Magnitude Diminish ?
– Will He Perish ? "
The answer is still hard to pin down .
For the past four years , I have embarked on my own voyage of discovery in the footsteps of Melville 's ambiguous narrator , Ishmael .
Writing a book about the vexed relationship between man and whale , and making a new BBC documentary , Arena : The Hunt for Moby - Dick , to be shown this evening , has been an eye - opening process .
In the ongoing battle between human history and natural history , one particular species , the sperm whale – Physeter macrocephalus , the real - life model for Moby - Dick – stands alone , not least because its persecution coincides with the rise of the Industrial Revolution .
This was a whale seemingly put on earth to advance man 's progress .
Bizarrely blunt in shape , its pugnacious forehead full of oil , which when pierced , spurted out , causing early sailors to mistake it for the animal 's semen – hence its name .
But this oil – spermaceti – also supplied the world with light and lubrication .
It made fortunes , and enabled empires .
For centuries man 's contact with the sperm whale was wreathed in myth and legend .
Sperm whales washed up on the coast of Europe were regarded as ill omens , auguring plague or famine .
It was n't until the beginning of the 18th century that they were actively hunted , when the Quaker captain , Christopher Hussey , was out hunting right whales off Nantucket .
Blown off course , his ship happened upon a school of sperm whales feeding in the deep waters of the continental shelf .
Soon the ports of New England had become the worldwide centre of whaling expertise .
Until the discovery of crude oil in Titusville , Pennsylvannia , in 1859 , the world was lit by whale oil .
The " Whaling City " of New Bedford , Massachusetts , from which Melville sailed on his 1840 whaling voyage , was the richest city in America .
Its ships travelled further and further afield – as far as the South Seas – in search of their precious commodity .
They were the equivalent of modern - day oil tankers .
They exported the budding economic might of America around the globe – though as Hal Whitehead , the pre-eminent scientist specialising in the study of sperm whales , remarks , the whalers also " left behind diseases , non-native animals ( especially rats ) , technology , and their genes " .
Not to be outdone , Britain sent out its own fleet .
Whale ships that would otherwise be empty took supplies to Australia .
In his 1839 book , The Natural History of the Sperm Whale , Thomas Beale wrote : " Evidence inclines us to believe that these colonies would never have existed had it not been for whaling vessels approaching their shores ...
It is a fact , that the original settlers at Botany Bay were more than once saved from starvation by the timely arrival of some whaling vessels . "
And if they helped lay the foundations of the British Empire , they also helped the country survive two World Wars : in both conflicts , the British fleet harvested whales to turn into nitro- glycerine and thus fuel the fighting machine .
Soldiers even treated trench - foot by rubbing whale oil into their feet .
But just as whales helped further the Industrial Revolution , so it hastened their destruction .
With the invention of steam engines and grenade harpoons , late - 19th - and early - 20th - century whalers could pursue the faster rorqual whales – such as the blue whale , the largest animal ever to have lived – which had previously eluded them .
In 1951 alone , more whales were killed in one year by the British , Norwegian , Japanese and Soviet fleets than in a century and a half of American whaling .
And as time passed , new uses were found for the arcane commodity of whale oil in the post - modern world .
Since it does n't freeze in sub-zero temperatures , spermaceti was used in Nasa 's space missions – no substitute could be found for this natural lubricant .
Even now , the Hubble space telescope and the Voyager space probe are careening into infinity , oiled by whales .
Hal Whitehead , the Cambridge - educated scientist who now works at Dalhousie University in Newfoundland , has devoted most of his adult life to the study of sperm whales .
He has calculated that their population was reduced from one - and - a - half million before hunting began to a present figure of 360,000 .
The whalers often took the biggest animals – the largest bull sperm whales , or their female equivalents – and their removal has had a drastic effect on the current population .
Whitehead has proved that sperm whales are highly intelligent animals , capable of communicating in complex series of sonar clicks .
The brain of a mature sperm whale weighs up to 17 pounds – the heaviest of any known animal – with a complex neocortex structure .
If allowances are made for the animals ' blubber , the body - to - brain - size ratio ( the Encephalization Quotient , a rough estimate of possible intelligence ) of sperm whales indicates significant acumen .
Having swum eye - to - eye with these creatures in the Azores – and felt my ribcage scanned by the animals ' echo location – I can bear personal testament to their placid and obviously sentient nature .
Studies show that cetaceans can solve problems and use tools , exhibit joy and grief , and live in complex societies .
Not only that , but they also pass on these abilities in " cultural transmission " – a gift that has become a problem in itself .
Twentieth - century whaling may have destroyed " not just numerous individuals , " says Whitehead , " but also the cultural knowledge that they harboured relating to how to exploit certain habitats and areas " .
The remaining animals have also experienced lower birth rates as a result , and the slow - breeding sperm whale population is growing at a mere 1 per cent a year .
The 1986 moratorium , which took effect the following year , may have come only just in time for Physeter .
The blue whale , too , may be recovering from the appalling culls of the 20th century .
By the time of the moratorium , the blue whale ( Balaenoptera musculus – a little joke by Carl Linneaus , musculus meaning both " muscular " and " mouselike " ) was regarded as " commercially extinct " .
In fact , it was commerce , or the lack of it , which ultimately saved it .
The hunting of whales stopped largely because there were so few of them left – and cynics note that the move to ban international whaling was championed by America only because its own whaling industry had since fallen into decrepitude .
As with the 19th - century abolition of slavery , it was exigency rather than outrage which provided the whale 's reprieve .
Neither pro- nor anti-whaling members of the International Whaling Commission ever forget that the 1986 ban was – and is – a temporary and voluntary measure .
Norway merely ignored it and continued to hunt minke whales – the same animals watched by its tourists , with disastrous results .
One boatload of horrified whale - watchers looked on aghast as the whales they were watching were harpooned by hunters .
But just as the Norwegians claim historical precedence for their whaling , we should also see Japan 's actions in context .
Their industry is relatively recent ( although the island nation has a long tradition of shore whaling ) .
It began in the 1930s , using techniques taught by Norwegian whalers .
But it was n't until the post - war years that it burgeoned , encouraged by the occupying powers under General McArthur , who had the decommissioned ships of the Japanese navy converted into a whaling fleet .
One can understand Japanese resentment at what they see as Western hypocrisy .
In a country where whale meat was served in school lunches until the 1970s , it irks to be lectured on the subject .
" It 's not because Japanese want to eat whale meat , " Ayako Okubo , a spokesman for a Japanese whaling company , told the New York Times last year .
" It 's because they do n't like being told not to eat it by foreigners . "
Some contest that it was America 's over -use of pressure on the Japanese – and the moral weight of the environmental lobby – that pushed Japan into its intransigent position .
Indeed , in a contrarian article for Atlantic Monthly , the academics William Aron , William Burke and Milton Freeman argued that " the ongoing campaign to ban all commercial whaling is driven by politics rather than science , and is setting a terrible precedent " .
The authors proposed that the " cynical actions of the IWC 's anti-whaling nations constitute a clear warning to all nations engaged in negotiating multilateral environments " .
In other words , by saving the whale , the world itself might be lost .
Now , as pro-whaling nations push harder for a resumption of legitimate whaling , more pragmatic campaigners say that the only way to stop the Japanese plundering the Southern Ocean is to permit limited commercial whaling , which would allow some control of a currently anarchic situation .
Yet given such pragmatic arguments , after my own experiences I 'd still find it impossible to stand on a prow from which an explosive harpoon was about to be fired and not physically restrain the harpooneer from his task .
There is no more emotive target in the animal kingdom , and over years of contact with whales , I 've been torn between the rational appeal of scientific study and the pitfalls of seductive anthropomorphism .
For the scientists of the Provincetown Center for Coastal Studies in Cape Cod , it is tiny organisms that hold their attention , even though the subject of their research is the North Atlantic right whale ( Eubalaena glacialis , " true whale of ice " ) .
Their common name came about because their foot - thick blubber meant that they floated conveniently when dead ( rather than sinking to the bottom as other whales will if not first secured ) .
The legacy of hunting has reduced their number to just 350 animals .
Each late winter and spring , these ponderous beasts plough across Cape Cod Bay , hoovering up a ton or more of zooplankton a day to support their enormous bulk .
They are a bizarre sight , huge rotund animals surmounted with barnacle - encrusted crests called " callosities " .
Their baleen – much prized as whalebone in a pre-plastic age , and once used for everything from umbrellas and corset stays to carriage suspension and Venetian blinds – grows in plates up to nine - feet long from their upper jaws .
When their garage - sized mouths open , the effect is of some surreal musical instrument .
The right whales choose one of the world 's busiest shipping lanes in which to feed , a habit which exposes them , like the humpbacks which share their feeding grounds , to present danger .
They may be caught in fishing gear – the Center for Coastal Studies reports that 50 per cent of right whales and humpbacks are thus entangled .
Many never escape ; others are scarred for life .
This summer , I saw one humpback , named Meteor , with a tail so badly torn it resembled the dog - eared page of a book .
If right whales are rare and , for the public at least , difficult to see ( only the Center 's scientists are allowed closer than 500 feet to the right whales ) , then humpbacks are a different matter .
Prone to surface display , the humpback was called " the most gamesome and light - hearted of all the whales " by Melville , " making more gay foam and white water " than any other .
Megaptera novaeangliae ( " big- winged New Englander " ) – its scientific name – is a real trouper .
In my own work with the Center , I 've helped identify humpbacks from the black and white patterns on the underside of their tails , or flukes .
These patterns are as unique as a fingerprint is to a human , and allow data to be collected about the animal 's gender , breeding and patterns of migration .
It 's a kind of whale census .
But the sublime sight of a whale 's tail , water running off it like a curtain of mercury before it dips into the sea , is as nothing compared to other humpback behaviour .
A 50 - ton and 50 ft - long humpback will throw itself entirely out of the water in an act of acrobatics known as " breaching " .
No one knows why whales do this – and most of the 85 species do .
It may be a means of communication ; a way of dislodging parasites ; or perhaps it 's just fun .
It certainly looks like it – if I could launch myself out of the water and 20 feet into the air , I 'm sure I 'd find it addictive too .
But what has surprised me , after years of observing these animals , is how often they chose to breach within sight of the whalewatch boats .
It is as if they like an audience .
In the evolving relationship between humans and whales , the whale has learned to use man and his machines .
Recently , I was on a whalewatch boat with Dennis Minsky , one of the Center for Coastal Studies ' naturalists , when a large female humpback came so near that Minsky quipped it could only get closer " if she got into the boat " .
We could see every detail of the animal .
Rolling on its back , the whale displayed the rorqual pleats which expand as it swallows swimming - pool - size gulps of water , then contract to expel the mouthful , catching fish in its baleen like pasta in a strainer .
Then , with the nonchalance of a cow in an English field , the female began to rub her belly on the prow of the boat .
We were being used as a scratching post .
I 've often watched humpbacks blow " bubble nets " underwater , creating spiralling circles to corral their prey , then rising in the middle , mouths wide open , to claim their prize .
It is clear , from their proximity , that they use the side of the vessel as a buffer to push their catch to the surface .
It works both ways , too .
Spanish fishermen work with pods of killer whales which chase their catch into shallow waters , where cetaceans and humans benefit from the fishes ' confusion .
Other inter-species relationships are more problematic .
In the 1960s , the controversial scientist John C Lilly proposed that whales and dolphins were so intelligent that they should be considered as a parallel , alien life force sharing our Earth .
Lilly even declared a new cetacean language , delphinese , and persuaded one female researcher to live in a semi- submerged house so that she could spend more time in intimate observation of her dolphin charges .
Unfortunately , Lilly 's wilder theories caused him to be shunned by his fellow scientists .
Matters were n't helped when he began experiments into the use of LSD on human guinea pigs .
Lilly 's left - field claims had the effect of setting back cetacean research – cautious scientists did n't want to be associated with such work .
Nowadays , their renewed efforts are concentrated towards ensuring species stay alive .
It is another irony that the roll - call of new species is being added to even as recognised species face extinction .
In the time it took to write my book , the Yangste river dolphin , a strange , blind , freshwater cetacean , was declared extinct .
The North Atlantic right whale will probably go the same way by the end of the century .
Yet , amazingly , there are beaked whales or ziphiids – deep - diving cetaceans confined to the open ocean – which have never yet been seen alive , and are known only from bones recovered from beaches .
It is a salutary notion that large marine mammals may be swimming in the world 's oceans , unidentified by man .
In recent years , the humpbacks of Cape Cod have been particularly plentiful .
Thousands of whales return here from their winter migration to the Caribbean .
In these fertile , shallow waters , they feed on vast schools of sand eels .
At one point last year I found myself on a boat surrounded by 75 humpbacks .
In every direction there were spouts and splashes of whales .
It was an Edenic sight ; the ocean was alive with animals .
Even the experienced naturalists I was with put down their cameras and clipboards and stared in wonder .
Maybe we did save the whale after all .
As Richard Sabin , curator of sea mammals at the Natural History Museum , told me recently , there have been reports of blue whales swimming up the Irish Sea , and last month , the humpback was officially removed from the endangered list .
But that may be an equivocal victory , reviving fears that whaling nations might once again declare open season on these animals .
For all their apparently successful recovery , whales still face plenty of threats from the two - legged , gravity - bound creatures with which they happen to share the earth .
Philip Hoare 's documentary , ' Arena : The Hunt for Moby - Dick ' , is on BBC2 tonight at 10.30 pm .
Tomorrow BBC4 is hosting Whale Night , an evening of programmes devoted to whales .
Philip Hoare 's new book , ' Leviathan , or The Whale ' ( 4th Estate , £ 18.99 ) , is out now .
To order your copy at a special price ( including p&p ) call 08700 798 897
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - Social networking sites are the hottest attraction on the Internet , dethroning pornography and highlighting a major change in how people communicate , according to a web guru .
People use computers at an Internet cafe in Changzhi , north China 's Shanxi province June 20 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Stringer
Bill Tancer , a self - described “ data geek ” , has analyzed information for over 10 million web users to conclude that we are , in fact , what we click , with Internet searches giving an up - to - date view of how society and people are changing .
Some of his findings are great trivia , such as the fact that elbows , belly button lint and ceiling fans are on the list of people ’s top fears alongside social intimacy and rejection .
Others give an indication of people ’s interests or emotions , with an annual spike in searches for anti-depression drugs around Thanksgiving time in the United States .
Tancer , in his new book , “ Click : What Millions of People are Doing Online and Why It Matters ” , said analyzing web searches did not just reflect what was happening online but gave a wider picture of society and people ’s behavior .
“ There are some patterns to our Internet use that we tend to repeat very specifically and predictably , from diet searches , to prom dresses , to what we do around the holidays , ” Tancer told Reuters in a telephone interview .
Tancer , general manager of global research at Hitwise , an Internet tracking company , said one of the major shifts in Internet use in the past decade had been the fall off in interest in pornography or adult entertainment sites .
He said surfing for porn had dropped to about 10 percent of searches from 20 percent a decade ago , and the hottest Internet searches now are for social networking sites .
“ As social networking traffic has increased , visits to porn sites have decreased , ” said Tancer , indicated that the 18 - 24 year old age group particularly was searching less for porn .
“ My theory is that young users spend so much time on social networks that they do n’t have time to look at adult sites . ”
SOCIETY CLICKS TO CHANGE
Tancer said the change in communication patterns was one of the most noticeable shifts in society in the past five years -- a key point for marketers seeking to learn about their audiences .
But analyzing data also showed what preoccupied people , allowing Tancer to predict the outcome of reality TV shows .
“ I noticed in our data that some of the top search terms are about tropical storms in the United States , ” said Tancer .
“ Before Hurricane Katrina rarely would you see a search on tropical storms but the devastation from Katrina has made us as a society much more sensitive to tropical storms . ”
Tancer said the current obsession with celebrities was also reflected through web data , with celebrity websites garnering more attention than sites devoted to religion , politics , well - being and diets combined -- and no sign that this is waning .
This celebrity mentality had also overlapped into the November presidential election in the United States with surfers looking for images of Republican vice presidential candidate Sara Palin rather than looking for her policies .
“ A lot of the focus around the candidates in general is image based .
People want to know how tall Barack Obama is and also to search for their families , ” he said .
“ You have to get far down in the search terms to link the search for a candidate with any issue . ”
But Tancer said the speed at which information spread on the Internet had meant in some cases it was consumers generating the story and the media is last to record it -- or fact - check it .
“ With the explosion of this type of false information on the Internet I think we will see someone come forward and develop a new type of software that can filter for the most accurate information , ” he said .
“ Maybe accuracy is the next thing we will all search for . ”
From the July 2008 Idaho Observer :
When government suspends " rights " tyranny inevitably follows
History proves that there is always advance warning when governments enter the final stages of transitioning from freedom to tyranny .
The three most obvious warnings are sounded when government begins openly spying on people , publicly punishing opinions and raising up standing armies .
The U.S. government and its state , county , municipal and corporate minions have legalized unwarranted surveillance , searches and seizures ; those who speak and write in opposition to government policies are subject to punishments ranging from character assassination and harassment to prison sentences and sudden , suspicious deaths and ; police at all levels are being militarized in dress , weaponry , demeanor and tactics .
What Thomas Jefferson pointed out as historical fact over 200 years ago is supported in contemporary experience as described by Ron Paul .
The truth is plain to see :
The U.S. government has become obsessed with surveillance and the enforcement of its increasingly unpopular policies with militarized police authority .
The excuse that militarizing police is necessary for making the homeland safe from terrorists is as ancient as tyranny itself .
The U.S. government is committed in the direction of tyranny ; it cannot and will not turn itself around .
To turn an infamous quote from President Bush on its head , " You are either with us [ the people ] or you are with the terrorists [ the U.S. government ] . "
Thomas Jefferson on surveillance , opinions and standing armies
" There are rights which it is useless to surrender to the government and which governments have yet always been found to invade .
These are the rights of thinking and publishing our thoughts by speaking or writing ; the right of free commerce ; the right of personal freedom .
There are instruments for administering the government so peculiarly trustworthy that we should never leave the legislature at liberty to change them .
The new Constitution has secured these in the executive and legislative department , but not in the judiciary .
It should have established trials by the people themselves , that is to say , by jury .
There are instruments so dangerous to the rights of the nation and which place them so totally at the mercy of their governors that those governors , whether legislative or executive , should be restrained from keeping such instruments on foot but in well - defined cases .
Such an instrument is a standing army . "
~ Letter to David Humphreys ( 1789 )
" Freedom of religion ; freedom of the press ; freedom of person under the protection of the habeas corpus ; and trial by juries impartially selected , I deem [ among ] the essential principles of our government , and consequently [ among ] those which ought to shape its administration . "
~ 1st Inaugural Address ( 1801 )
" One of the amendments to the Constitution ... expressly declares that  Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof , or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ,  thereby guarding in the same sentence and under the same words , the freedom of religion , of speech , and of the press ; insomuch that whatever violates either throws down the sanctuary which covers the others . "
~ Draft Kentucky Resolutions ( 1798 )
" A right of free correspondence between citizen and citizen on their joint interests , whether public or private and under whatsoever laws these interests arise ( to wit : of the State , of Congress , of France , Spain , or Turkey ) , is a natural right ; it is not the gift of any municipal law , either of England , or Virginia , or of Congress , but in common with all other natural rights , it is one of the objects for the protection of which society is formed and municipal laws established . "
~ Letter to James Monroe ( 1797 ) .
" Did we ever expect to see the day , when , breathing nothing but sentiments of love to our country and its freedom and happiness , our correspondence must be as secret as if we were hatching its destruction ! "
~ Letter to Elbridge Gerry ( 1799 )
" The attempt which has been made to restrain the liberty of our citizens meeting together , interchanging sentiments on what subjects they please and stating their sentiments in the public papers , has come upon us a full century earlier than I expected . "
~ Letter to William Branch Giles , 1794 .
" No provision in our Constitution ought to be dearer to man than that which protects the rights of conscience against the enterprises of the civil authority . "
~ Letter to New London Methodists ( 1809 )
" Subject opinion to coercion : whom will you make your inquisitors ?
Fallible men , governed by bad passions , by private as well as public reasons .
And why subject it to coercion ?
To produce uniformity ?
But is uniformity of opinion desirable ?
No more than of face and stature . "
~ Notes on Virginia ( 1782 )
" None but an armed nation can dispense with a standing army .
To keep ours armed and disciplined is therefore at all times important . "
~ Written comment ( 1803 )
" The supremacy of the civil over the military authority I deem [ one of ] the essential principles of our Government , and consequently [ one of ] those which ought to shape its administration . "
~ 1st Inaugural ( 1801 )
" Standing armies [ are ] inconsistent with [ a peoples ] freedom and subversive of their quiet . "
~ Reply to Lord Norths Proposition ( 1775 )
" Bonaparte ... transferred the destinies of the republic from the civil to the military arm .
Some will use this as a lesson against the practicability of republican government .
I read it as a lesson against the danger of standing armies . "
~ Letter to Samuel Adams ( 1800 )
" The Greeks and Romans had no standing armies , yet they defended themselves .
The Greeks by their laws , and the Romans by the spirit of their people , took care to put into the hands of their rulers no such engine of oppression as a standing army .
Their system was to make every man a soldier and oblige him to repair to the standard of his country whenever that was reared .
This made them invincible ; and the same remedy will make us so . "
~ Letter to Thomas Cooper ( 1814 ) .
" Our duty is ... to act upon things as they are and to make a reasonable provision for whatever they may be .
Were armies to be raised whenever a speck of war is visible in our horizon , we never should have been without them .
Our resources would have been exhausted on dangers which have never happened instead of being reserved for what is really to take place . "
~6th Annual Message ( 1806 )
Ron Paul on surveillance
Last month , the House amended the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) to expand the governments ability to monitor our private communications .
This measure , if it becomes law , will result in more warrantless government surveillance of innocent American citizens .
Though some opponents claimed that the only controversial part of this legislation was its grant of immunity to telecommunications companies , there is much more to be wary of in the bill .
The House version , Title II , Section 801 , extends immunity from prosecution of civil legal action to people and companies including any provider of an electronic communication service , any provider of a remote computing service , " any other communication service provider who has access to wire or electronic communications , " any " parent , subsidiary , affiliate , successor , or assignee " of such company , any " officer , employee , or agent " of any such company , and any " landlord , custodian , or other person who may be authorized or required to furnish assistance . "
The Senate version goes even further by granting retroactive immunity to such entities that may have broken the law in the past .
The new FISA bill allows the federal government to compel many more types of companies and individuals to grant the government access to our communications without a warrant .
The provisions in the legislation designed to protect Americans from warrantless surveillance are full of loopholes and ambiguities .
There is no blanket prohibition against listening in on all American citizens without a warrant .
We have been told that this power to listen in on communications is legal and only targets terrorists .
But if what these companies are being compelled to do is legal , why is it necessary to grant them immunity ?
If what they did in the past was legal and proper , why is it necessary to grant them retroactive immunity ?
In communist East Germany , one in every 100 citizens was an informer for the dreaded secret police , the Stasi .
They either volunteered or were compelled by their government to spy on their customers , their neighbors , their families , and their friends .
When we think of the evil of totalitarianism , such networks of state spies are usually what comes to mind .
Yet , with modern technology , what once took tens of thousands of informants can now be achieved by a few companies being coerced by the government to allow it to listen in on our communications .
This surveillance is un-American .
We should remember that former New York governor Eliot Spitzer was brought down by a provision of the PATRIOT
Act that required enhanced bank monitoring of certain types of financial transactions .
Yet we were told that the PATRIOT
Act was needed to catch terrorists , not philanderers .
The extraordinary power the government has granted itself to look into our private lives can be used for many purposes unrelated to fighting terrorism .
We can even see how expanded federal government surveillance power might be used to do away with political rivals .
The Fourth Amendment to our Constitution requires the government to have a warrant when it wishes to look into the private affairs of individuals .
If we are to remain a free society we must defend our rights against any governmental attempt to undermine or bypass the Constitution .
Excerpts from Ron Pauls " farewell address " to Congress Sept. 19 , 1984
Maudie Hopkins , who was the last publicly documented widow of a Confederate soldier , having married an elderly Civil War infantryman when she was a teenager , has died .
She was 93 .
Hopkins died Aug. 17 at a hospital in Helena - West Helena , Ark. , according to media reports .
A cause of death was not given , but she had been in failing health for several years .
She remained largely silent -- even among her family -- about her link to the 19th century War Between the States until four years ago , when an Alabama woman died and was reported to be the last surviving Confederate widow .
Advertisement
“ I have nothing to be ashamed of , ” Hopkins once said , but she had kept quiet about the marriage because she “ did n’t want people gossiping about my business . ”
Civil War historian Martha Boltz confirmed Hopkins ’ marriage using Confederate military records , a copy of the 1934 marriage - license application and other documents .
A few other Confederate widows are still living but do not want to be publicly identified , said Boltz , who is a member of the United Daughters of the Confederacy .
Hopkins grew up in a family with 10 children and met her husband while living in the Ozark Mountains at the height of the Great Depression .
Advertisement
“ It was hard times back then , ” Hopkins told the Associated Press in 2004 .
“ My daddy could n’t make a living for us , and I did n’t have no shoes . ”
William Cantrell was an 86 - year - old widower when he hired Hopkins to clean his house for $ 12 a week .
He soon realized he needed a full - time caretaker who could help with the chores .
The mores of the day prohibited an unmarried couple from living together , Boltz said in a 2004 interview on National Public Radio , so he asked Hopkins to marry him .
In return , Cantrell promised to deed his home on 200 acres in Lone Rock , Ark. , to her after his death .
Their marriage certificate -- signed Feb. 2 , 1934 -- indicated that the groom was 86 .
She was 19 .
Advertisement
A Confederate pension of $ 25 a month helped support the newlyweds , although Hopkins said the money did n’t always show up .
Cantrell had enlisted in the Confederate Army at 16 and was captured by the Union Army after a Kentucky battle in 1863 .
“ Mr. C , ” as Hopkins called him , “ was a good man , and I cared for him very much , ” she repeatedly said .
Three years into their marriage , Cantrell died after being thrown from a mule that had been frightened by a hog .
Advertisement
Hopkins was born Maudie Acklin in 1914 , in Baxter County , Ark. , and would marry three more times .
With her second husband , she had three children , all of whom survive her .
Her fourth husband , Milton Hopkins , died in 1997 .
She eventually settled in the 1960s in the hamlet of Lexa , Ark .
The quiet Hopkins remained “ quite unimpressed by her historical status , ” Boltz wrote in the Washington Times in 2004 .
“ She was merely William Cantrell ’s wife . ”
--
Advertisement
valerie.nelson@latimes.com
SOTHEBY'S is awash with colours .
Pink .
Turquoise .
Orange .
Red on the left .
Blue on the right .
But it is only when you reach the first floor that you hit the bling .
Two burnished gold cases hang on the wall filled with manufactured diamonds as big as your thumb , and in the centre of the room the pièce de résistance , “ The Golden Calf ” , a creamy - coloured bull with a curly pelt and testicles like rugby balls , all lovingly preserved in formaldehyde and crowned in gold , with golden horns , golden hooves and a golden crown .
“ It 's mind - blowing , ” says Damien Hirst , the 43 - year - old artist who created the Midan calf and the other pieces waiting to be auctioned at Sotheby 's London headquarters in New Bond Street .
Dressed fashionably in black , with rings on his fingers and shades on his nose , Mr Hirst is an impish figure with a strong streak of humour .
But even he is momentarily silenced before the scale of the display .
“ There are so many things coming from so many directions .
Ca n't be normal , can it ? ”
No , it can't .
Auction houses like Sotheby 's and its rival , Christie 's , traditionally sell only art that has been bought and sold before .
Even their sales of modern and contemporary art usually exclude anything that is less than five years old .
To mount an auction of new work by a single artist and in such quantity — 223 lots estimated to bring in at least £ 68 m ( $ 120 m ) — looks like bragging .
Yet on September 15th , in the early evening , Oliver Barker , Sotheby 's youthful international specialist , will bring down his gavel on the first lot , a colourful triptych of butterflies and diamonds entitled “ Heaven Can Wait ” that is estimated to sell for up to £ 500,000 .
The auction is so big it will take two days to get through .
The accompanying catalogue comes in three volumes , and is encased in its own slipcover .
Such a sale has never been attempted before .
Only the brave sell at auction , for it is impossible to control who buys or what price they will pay .
Some of Mr Hirst 's pieces will sell easily , especially if several bidders descend on the same work at once ; others will be knocked down more slowly .
Mr Hirst is flooding the market , but he hopes his prices will rise , thereby challenging one of the basic laws of economics .
At the same time , he is breaking the art market 's traditional rules .
For nearly 20 years his dealers have nurtured his career , placing his work in high - profile museums and in the hands of carefully selected wealthy collectors .
By going down the auction - house route , Mr Hirst is now preparing to cut them out .
“ The final frontier protecting contemporary art galleries from the relentless encroachment of the auction houses has been emphatically breached , ” wrote Roger Bevan , an art historian and critic , in an editorial in the Art Newspaper when the sale was announced last July .
Mr Hirst 's dealers are powerful men who are used to getting their own way .
Larry Gagosian , a flamboyant New Yorker who first gave Mr Hirst an exhibition in 1996 , controls more art space than any dealer in the world : three galleries in New York , one in Los Angeles , two in London , one in Rome .
In October he will take on a temporary space in Moscow , and he also has an office in Hong Kong .
If he and Mr Hirst 's London dealer , Jay Jopling , founder of the White Cube gallery , should choose to turn against Mr Hirst , lot after lot may fail to reach the prices that his work has come to command .
Mr Hirst is , of course , not the first artist to give his dealers the finger .
Picasso did it nearly a century ago .
“ Le marchand — voilà l'ennemi , ” Picasso said of Léonce Rosenberg in 1918 as the first world war was coming to an end .
Mr Hirst credits the man he calls his manager , Frank Dunphy , a sprightly 70 - year - old accountant , for dreaming up this sale .
“ Frank has my best interests at heart .
Dealers say they do , but they do n't . ”
Although Mr Hirst and Mr Dunphy had been working on this auction for 18 months , remarkably nothing leaked out before they were ready .
By May the time had come to inform the dealers of their plans .
Mr Hirst called his old friend Mr Jopling , while Mr Dunphy called Mr Gagosian .
“ It sounds like bad business to me , ” he says Mr Gagosian told him .
“ It 'll be confusing to collectors .
It 's a bad move . ”
By July , when the formal announcement was made , both dealers were ready to put a brave face on the proceedings .
“ As Damien 's long - term gallery , ” Mr Gagosian said through a spokesman , “ we 've come to expect the unexpected .
He can certainly count on us to be in the room with paddle in hand . ”
Mr Jopling chose to refer to Mr Hirst 's much - publicised £ 50 m diamond skull that was unveiled last year , but failed to sell as hoped : “ 8,601 flawless diamonds notwithstanding , ours has never been a traditional marriage and I look forward to many more adventures to come . ”
Sotheby 's motives are easy to understand .
In recent years both the leading auction houses have aggressively turned their businesses into global operations , chasing new wealth in Russia , China and the Middle East , expanding their services to include “ art advice ” , finance , shipping and insurance , and moving into the primary market that has traditionally been the dealers ' turf .
Nowhere is this more visible than in contemporary art .
Primary colours
The past 25 years have seen more than 100 major new museums built around the world , each intent on acquiring , on average , 2,000 pieces , says Don Thomson , author of “ The $ 12 m Stuffed Shark ” , a new book about the economics of contemporary art .
With fewer Old Masters or Impressionist paintings coming on to the market , many of these institutions have focused on buying dramatic contemporary work to make their mark .
The number of wealthy collectors has also multiplied 20 times , many of them for the same reasons focusing on the only sector where supply is expanding : contemporary art .
Everyone who can afford it wants an iconic work , which explains the constantly rising records .
For the auction houses , primary dealing is an obvious way of expanding .
In 2006 Sotheby 's paid $ 56.5 m for Noortman Master Paintings , a leading dealer in Old Masters .
Less than a year later , Christie 's bought Haunch of Venison , another firm with a high profile , which had been founded by two former directors of Christie 's contemporary - art department .
Noortman gives Sotheby 's an entry into the Maastricht art fair , the pre-eminent dealers ' fest ; through Haunch of Venison Christie 's French owner , François Pinault , has become the biggest art trader in the market .
In addition , both auction houses have put considerable effort into becoming brokers , putting together buyers and sellers .
Many pieces that fail to achieve their reserve price at auction are quietly sold afterwards in “ private - treaty ” deals negotiated by the auction houses .
In 2007 , Christie 's chalked up $ 542 m - and Sotheby 's $ 730 m - worth of private after - auction sales , ranking the auction houses among the biggest primary dealers in the world .
Sotheby 's has always kept very close to Mr Hirst .
It cemented the relationship in 2004 when it auctioned the contents of Pharmacy , a once - trendy London restaurant .
Mr Hirst had a very small share in the venture , but he provided the paintings that hung on its walls and designed all its fixtures .
When the Hartford Group , Pharmacy 's then owner , told Mr Dunphy it was preparing to close the restaurant and throw the fittings into a skip , he drove round in a truck and bought everything he could find — the ceiling , doors , windows , flooring , lights , chairs , tables , cutlery , glasses , even the matchbooks — for £ 50,000 .
Sotheby 's Pharmacy auction , at which Mr Barker also presided , was expected to bring in £ 3 m ; instead it made more than £ 11 m .
( A little - known episode in the Pharmacy story that stuck in Mr Dunphy 's mind would inspire much of the thinking behind the upcoming Hirst sale .
One of his accounting clients cashed in a lacklustre Equitable Life insurance policy in order to buy some Pharmacy eggcups ; she failed to get them , but Mr Dunphy never forgot the idea of holding a sale in which there would be “ something for everyone ” . )
Damien Hirst
Spot the fabricator
As the art market soared , Mr Dunphy , Mr Hirst and Sotheby 's Mr Barker kept returning to the idea of repeating the Pharmacy sale .
But the moment never seemed right .
Then two things happened .
In February 2007 Sotheby 's sold the first of a batch of paintings it had bought from one of Mr Hirst 's earliest and best - known collectors , Charles Saatchi .
The paintings were by Peter Doig , an Edinburgh - born artist now living in Trinidad .
Mr Doig is hardly a household name , but collectors fight for the chance to buy a work if it comes up at auction .
Mr Doig 's “ White Canoe ” fetched £ 5.7 m , nearly five times the estimate , at that time the highest price ever paid for a living European artist .
The buyer was Boris Ivanishvili , a mining magnate from Georgia .
On St Valentine 's Day this year Sotheby 's held an auction for RED , a third - world charity , in New York .
The sale attracted celebrity buyers from all over the world , raising more than $ 40 m in one night .
One of the two movers behind it was Mr Hirst .
The reason so many world - class artists ( among them Howard Hodgkin , Jeff Koons , Willem de Kooning , Jasper Johns and Robert Rauschenberg ) had donated work was that three months earlier Mr Hirst had written to each one by hand .
No one refused .
Mr Ivanishvili's unexpected purchase of Mr Doig 's “ White Canoe ” proved that new money was finally ready to spend squillions on contemporary art .
The success of the charity auction also proved that no contemporary artist had more pulling power than Mr Hirst , whose own work sold for nearly $ 20 m that night .
The moment to repeat Pharmacy had come .
If the timing and reasoning behind Sotheby 's decision to go ahead are obvious , the reasons Mr Hirst wants to risk his reputation for a one - off fire sale are more subtle .
Much of it has to do with his natural impatience , his wish to break rules and break down boundaries .
Although he has benefited from the contacts and clout that his dealers provide , he is irked by their habit of making potential new buyers prove themselves by waiting before they are allowed to purchase a work of art .
“ Dealers are gatekeepers who permit artists ' access to serious collectors , ” explains Mr Thompson .
Auction rooms , by contrast , are more democratic .
Anyone with enough money can buy what they want — immediately .
They just have to be prepared to make that final bid .
“ I want artists in the future to think I 'm cool , ” says Mr Hirst .
“ It 's like you see this doorway , and you 've just got to go through it .
My whole career 's been like that . ”
As his British dealer and long - time friend , Mr Jopling , says : “ Damien has always been a mould - breaker . ” Michael Joo , a New York artist of Korean extraction who participated in one of Mr Hirst 's earliest shows and also contributed to the RED auction , says : “ This is not vampire - like , life - draining greed ; it 's another example of Damien maximising things to their fullest . ”
Ask Mr Hirst if he would rather paint the “ Mona Lisa ” and have it hanging in the greatest museum in the world or a postcard of the “ Mona Lisa ” for every student bedsit , he chooses both .
“ Because you 're getting into people 's minds more . ”
Inspired by Mr Dunphy 's client who traded in her Equitable Life policy in hopes of buying eggcups , the forthcoming Sotheby 's auction includes Hirsts of every category , led by “ The Golden Calf ” , estimated at £ 8 m - 12 m .
Death and fear
Ever since 1988 , when he curated his first show and drove his own beaten - up car to pick up Norman Rosenthal , the secretary of the Royal Academy of Arts , to ensure it was seen by the right people , Mr Hirst has produced five basic categories of work .
The “ natural history ” pieces include the sharks in formaldehyde that first caught Mr Saatchi 's eye over 20 years ago and made Mr Hirst 's name as an explorer of death and fear .
This sale includes two lots of sharks , a calf , a black sheep , a zebra and four skinned cows ' heads , as well as a pony dressed up with a plastic narwhal horn to look like a unicorn .
There are also examples of the long - running “ cabinet series ” , of cigarette butts , pills and medical packages ( estimated to fetch up to £ 2 m ) , “ spin ” paintings ( up to £ 600,000 ) , “ spot ” paintings of different sizes ( £ 700,000 ) , and cathedral windows of butterfly wings ( £ 900,000 ) .
At the bottom of the scale is a small , six - inch - square butterfly estimated to fetch at least £ 15,000 and the pen and ink drawings that start at £ 10,000 .
On one Mr Hirst has written : “ Everything he touches turns to gold and it kills him in the end . ”
The fact that Mr Hirst — in sharp contrast to Mr Doig , who produces only six or eight paintings a year — has been able to produce enough work to fill 223 lots has to do with the fact that he is no longer an artist , in the normal sense of the word , but the head of a global brand selling instantly recognisable work that is made in factories .
In London Mr Hirst presides over two large industrial units producing the butterfly - wing pictures and his photo - realist paintings .
In the Gloucestershire countryside he leases two wartime aircraft hangers for the manufacture of the spot paintings , the spin works and the formaldehyde tanks .
He also has a large workshop and an exhibition studio .
More than 180 people work for him , creating Damien Hirsts .
Two specialists oversee the formaldehyde unit , which on a visit in July contained four dead ponies , a wild boar , an upended cow and , in good “ Godfather ” style , a horse 's head in a plastic bag .
In the workshop three women were talking about the “ Hedgehog ” , a device attached to a Hoover .
It is a small plastic tube with 20 holes cut into it in which are inserted cut - down cigarettes , some ringed with lipstick .
Switch on the Hoover and , hey presto , instant cigarette butts for lot 134 ( top estimate , £ 300,000 ) .
In another workshop , three fabricators were painting precisely measured round circles at regular intervals on a white background .
These are the famed spot paintings that Mr Hirst says were inspired by playing snooker .
The fabricators choose which colour each spot is to be , and use ordinary household paint to apply the shades .
The butterfly pictures are made by fabricators who are given the dimensions needed , but are otherwise left to themselves to choose the colours and designs they want .
Having given his final approval — sometimes , one fabricator says , only by looking at a photograph — Mr Hirst signs and dates the back of the work .
Mr Hirst may differ from other brandmakers calling themselves artists , such as Gianni Versace , only because fashion houses do n't sell £ 8 m - 12 m dresses , but the similarities are there .
Great efforts have been made to stretch the Hirst brand to reach ( nearly ) every pocket .
Through a company called Other Criteria , Mr Hirst publishes artists ' books .
He also makes pyjamas and a line of jeans with Levi's , which echo the diamond - encrusted skull and cost $ 4,000 a pair .
A small shop next door to Sotheby 's will start selling Hirst prints shortly after the sale on September 15th .
Another , bigger one , is being fitted out at a site behind nearby Oxford Street .
All these activities have made Mr Hirst a wealthy man .
His fortune has been estimated at £ 200 m ; his last exhibition at White Cube fetched £ 138 m .
Thanks to Mr Dunphy , he retains 70 % - 90 % of the galleries ' sale prices , rather than the normal 50 % .
When in London , he lives on a Chelsea houseboat or at Claridge's .
He likes to travel by car , drawing in the back of his chauffeur - driven Audi .
His art collection , which is owned by a company called Murderme , is extensive and growing .
It includes work by other artists as well as his own .
In the year to April 2008 , Murderme 's assets were valued at £ 119 m , up by more than half on the previous year .
Mr Hirst owns a home in Devon and another in Mexico .
He also has properties in London that he is waiting to develop and a 300 - room Georgian Gothic mansion , Toddington Manor , in Gloucestershire , which he wants to turn into a gallery and showing space .
Mr Hirst is as famous for being rich and famous as he is for his art , which may be part of his appeal .
Certainly Sotheby 's hopes so .
The artist and the auction house have made a concerted effort to market the sale on YouTube , making presentations at the Oberoi hotel in New Delhi , in Kiev , the Hamptons and Aspen , Colorado .
The fact that the record price for a Hirst at auction , £ 9.65 m for a medicine cupboard called “ Lullaby Spring ” , was paid last year by Sheikha al - Mayassa al - Thani , the 25 - year - old daughter of the ruler of Qatar , showed Sotheby 's this was the right route to take .
All this week select British and foreign collectors have been given private viewings of the sale and entertained to lunch in Sotheby 's smart new dining rooms .
The auction house is keen to head off any notion that the sale might not succeed .
A report last month that White Cube was sitting on 200 unsold works by Mr Hirst has been stamped on as “ not up to date ” .
The leaked stocklist on which the report was based , the gallery declares , includes “ items from Mr Hirst 's personal collection that are not for sale , two pieces from the last show that are being kept for museums and at least 30 pieces that have not been made and perhaps never will be . ”
Similarly , saleroom analyses showing that the number of Hirsts that fail to sell at auction always climbs as recession bites ( 30 % of the pieces in the year after September 11th 2001 , and more pieces this year than last ) are brushed aside .
On September 5th Sotheby 's opened the sale to public view .
A week later it threw a party for 1,500 people , serving champagne and foie gras wrapped in gold leaf .
On the invitation the dress code was “ glamorous ” .
“ Our biggest challenge , ” says Mr Barker , “ is to match the scale of Damien 's ambition . ”
For that , Sotheby 's is killing the fatted calf .
A puppy from the Whispering Oaks Kennels in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
Around 1,000 dogs were taken from the kennels after it was discovered that there were too many to take care of
Credit : AP
Leave it to space nerds with money to come up with the world 's highest resolution visualization system .
NASA 's Advanced Supercomputing Division at Ames has created the 128 - screen hyperwall - 2 , a mega display capable of rendering one quarter billion pixels .
Hyperwall - 2 measures 23 - x 10 - feet of LCD goodness , and is powered by 128 GPUs and 1,024 processor cores with 74 teraflops of peak processing power .
To top things off , 475 terabytes of storage keep the system rolling .
All in all , hyperwall - 2 has more than 100 times the processing power of its poor predecessor , hyperwall , from 2002 .
The elder hyperwall was unavailable for comment and is most likely on an alcoholic bender somewhere , complaining about " kids these days . "
[ Thanks , james ]
Coronavirus UK : You could be increasing your risk every time you go to the toilet
CORONAVIRUS appears to be doubling down in the UK , with the spectre of a second national lockdown looming large .
Flouting a particular practice when you go to the toilet could increase your risk ...
- It 's been around for sixty - years and has now reached International food star status .
No , we 're not talking about Emeril LaGasse or Rachel Ray .
They were n't even born yet .
The star we 're talking about is none other than the Nacho .
Yep , the nacho .
Born in the late 1940's in Piedras Negras , Mexico , it 's beginnings may have been a little humble .
But down through the years it has grown into one of the world 's most favorite and famous snacks .
Now , every year the nacho is celebrated in grand style at the International Nacho Fest in the place of its birth , Piedras Negras .
This year the festival runs Oct. 13-15 with an itinerary full of live music , art , cultural activities and , of course , the popular " biggest nacho of the world " contest , an event which is registered in the Guinness Book of World Records .
The Nacho 's legendary birth began almost by accident from the creative inspiration of maitre d' Ignacio " Nacho " Anaya .
What began as a quick fix for a few customers quickly grew into a popular snack that changed the course of culinary history .
" Nacho " was working at a restaurant owned by Rudolfo De Los Santos , at the Victory Club in Piedras Negras , just across the border from Eagle Pass , Texas .
Americans have crossed the border there since the Mexican War when Camp Eagle Pass was established .
Then in 1849 , the permanent Fort Duncan was founded , and during the 1940 's visitors from the nearby air base crossed the border often to experience the culture and food of Mexico .
As fate would have it , one day Nacho found himself alone in the restaurant with 12 U.S. military officer 's wives -- and no chef to be found .
Not wanting to put his American visitors off , he quickly volunteered to prepare something for them himself .
But after looking through the kitchen pantry for anything that could be prepared quickly , Nacho grabbed a handful of homemade tostados , grated a little cheese on top ( Wisconsin cheese actually - because that 's all he could find ) , and put them under the Salamander ( a broiling unit that quickly browns the top of foods ) .
He pulled them out after a couple of minutes and added a slice of jalapeno .
It may not sound like much , but so unique and different was the presentation that the guests were delighted and asked for the name of the strange dish .
Nacho did not have a name for new invention , so one of the guest , named Mimam Finan ( one of the officers wives ) , titled them " Nacho's Especiales " - or Nacho 's specialty .
These simple but delicious treats of hand cut , hand fried tortillas with melted cheese and jalepenos have grown more complex in recent years .
But the name " Nacho " stuck , and even today many prefer the simplest of nachos in the tradition of its ' inventor , Nacho Anaya .
After several years , Ignacio " Nacho " Anaya went on to work at the Moderno restaurant where he took his nacho recipe .
The restaurant is still in business today and has won the " Best " nacho title several times in years past .
The restaurant is famous for two of its ' entrees :
The classic nacho ( cheese and jalapeno only ) , and special nachos prepared with fresh jumbo shrimp .
In later years , Nacho opened his own restaurant and in 1975 with the help of his son , Anaya Jr. , they tried to patent the name .
Unfortunately , the name had officially been around for 17 years and was in the public domain .
But true nacho lovers and aficionados know the real credit for this Mexican treat lies with Ignacio " Nacho " Anaya - and the world will be forever indebted to his culinary invention .
Every year during the second weekend of October Piedras Negras comes alive with the celebration of the nacho .
You 'll find nachos of every flavor and variety , from caviar nachos to fajita nachos to the simple cheese and jalepeno nacho .
Come hungry , bring the antacid , and leave plenty of room for margaritas to cool the heat of the day ( and the jalepenos ) .
While nachos may well have conquered the world , Piedras Negras is the only place where you can get the original .
Piedras Negras , Mexico
This busy Mexican city is an easy walk from the American border town of Eagle Pass .
As with many Mexican border towns along the Rio Grande , you will find traditional Mexican markets , handicrafts , pharmacies , dentists , fine restaurants and other businesses that attract American visitors .
With a population of almost 300,000 it still maintains the feel of Old Mexico .
Yet it has a bustling coal - mining and manufacturing industrial section as well , a base for the local economy .
It more closely resembles the interior cities of Mexico than it does the typical border town .
To get there go southwest from San Antonio to Eagle Pass ( about 125 miles ) and cross over the international gateway into Piedras Negras .
Like other border towns , Eagle Pass is bilingual and works closer with its sister city Piedras Negras to make all visitors feel welcome .
HOME
NORFOLK , Va. — Barack Obama is known for his eloquent speeches , but as he tries to regain his poll lead and beat back an energized Republican ticket , he is adding something to his delivery : volume .
Obama has uncorked some thunderous lines in recent campaign stops , showing a measure of emotion he seldom has displayed .
His speeches now are laced with indignation as he argues that anyone who sees John McCain and Sarah Palin as vehicles for change is being duped .
At high decibels , he pressed his point Monday that people could pay a heavy price if they make the wrong decision Nov. 4 .
At stake are constitutional liberties that can mean the difference between freedom and unjustified imprisonment , he told the crowd in Farmington Hills , Mich .
“ We may think this is Muhammad the terrorist ; it might be Muhammad the cabdriver .
You may think it ’s Barack the bomb - thrower .
But it might be Barack the guy running for president , ” he said , referring to the Bush administration ’s arrest and detention policies toward terrorism suspects .
Then , the loudspeakers really began to quake .
“ Do n’t mock the Constitution .
Do n’t make fun of it !
Do n’t suggest that it ’s un-American to abide by what the Founding Fathers set up !
It ’s worked pretty well for over 200 years ! ”
Finally , he said disdainfully of the Republicans : “ These people . ”
Feistiness is what many Democratic elected officials have longed to see .
At the Democratic convention in Denver last month , Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell said Obama needed to show more fight .
But he also suggested Obama knew as much .
“ You ’re going to see a new , fighting Barack , ” Rendell predicted .
That they ’re seeing .
Compare the Obama today with what voters saw before the Democratic and Republican conventions : Campaigning in Montana on the Fourth of July holiday , Obama also talked about the right to challenge one ’s detention but said it in terms that were not only milder but also more abstract .
Sounding more like the constitutional law professor he once was , he made no attempt to humanize the issue .
Although he is turning up the volume , Obama has stayed under control .
If he shows too much temper , he risks looking rattled and perpetuating the sideshow , which could distract voters from the slumping economy , rising gas prices and other issues where he feels he has an advantage .
By contrast , McCain seems to be moving in the opposite direction .
Once known as a free - wheeling candidate who liked to mix it up with the public and media , McCain has become far more scripted since reorganizing his campaign in July .
He is increasingly controlled , seldom deviating from his basic talking points .
He rarely presides over unscripted town hall meetings , which he once called “ the essence of democracy . ”
He has not held a news conference in nearly a month .
This is Part Two of a series of articles on Java. next .
In Part Two , I will look at how Java . next languages interoperate with Java .
Java interop is trivial in all of the Java . next languages .
We have Java itself to thank for this –the Java Virtual Machine Specification makes it easy for other languages to reflect against and call Java code .
A Swing example
As a first example , consider calling into the Java Swing API to create an application [ 1 ] that has
a frame
button
a button handler that responds with a model dialog
For starters , here is the application in plain old Java :
// java import javax.swing .JFrame ; import javax.swing .JButton ; import javax.swing.JOptionPane ; import java.awt.event.ActionListener ; import java.awt.event.
ActionEvent ; public class Swing { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { JFrame frame = new JFrame ( " Hello Swing " ) ; JButton button = new JButton ( " Click Me " ) ; button .
addActionListener ( new ActionListener ( ) { public void actionPerformed ( ActionEvent event ) { JOptionPane .
showMessageDialog ( null , String .
format ( " < html > Hello from < b> Java</b><br/ > " + " Button %s pressed " , event . getActionCommand ( ) ) ) ; } } ) ; frame .
getContentPane ( ) . add ( button ) ; frame .
setDefaultCloseOperation ( JFrame . EXIT_ON_CLOSE ) ; frame .
pack ( ) ; frame .
setVisible ( true ) ; } }
Below , I will present the same Swing application , ported to the Java . next languages .
Please take note of two things about these examples :
For this post , I am presenting the languages in order of increasing syntactic distance from Java .
This makes sense for porting a simple example from the well - known to the increasingly unfamiliar .
The ports below are not best practice in the Java . next languages .
They are deliberately simplistic , so that I can focus on Java interop .
In later installments of this series I will show more idiomatic Java . next code .
Groovy Swing example
Groovy is the Java . next language that looks most like Java .
Here is the same example in Groovy :
//groovy import javax.swing .JFrame import javax.swing .JButton import javax.swing.JOptionPane import java.awt.event.ActionListener frame = new JFrame ( " Hello Swing " ) button = new JButton ( " Click Me " ) button .
addActionListener ( { JOptionPane .
showMessageDialog ( null , " " " < html > Hello from < b> Groovy </ b> Button $ {it.actionCommand} pressed " " " ) } as ActionListener ) frame .
contentPane .
add button frame .
defaultCloseOperation = JFrame .
EXIT_ON_CLOSE frame .
pack ( ) frame .
visible = true
If you compare this to the Java example , it is almost the same code , minus a bunch of unnecessary ceremony .
The Groovy version lets us omit :
semicolons
type declarations
most parentheses
get and set for property access
The most important benefit , however , comes in the action listener .
The Groovy version sports
a multiline string ( delimited by " " " )
string interpolation of it.actionCommand ( inside $ {} )
( inside $ {} ) no need to write an anonymous inner class , simply pass an anonymous function
For a more idiomatic approach to Swing in Groovy , see the Groovy SwingBuilder project .
Since this post is about Java interop I will state the obvious : From Groovy , Java interop is entirely trivial .
Scala Swing example
Next , let 's look at the Scala version :
// Scala ( almost right , see below ) import javax .
swing ._ import java.awt.event . { ActionEvent , ActionListener } object HelloWorld extends JFrame ( " Hello Swing " ) { def showButtonMessage ( msg : String ) = JOptionPane .
showMessageDialog ( null , String . format ( " " " < html > Hello from < b > Scala < /b>. Button %s pressed " " " , Array ( msg ) ) ) ; def main ( args : Array [ String ] ) { setDefaultCloseOperation ( JFrame .
EXIT_ON_CLOSE ) val button = new JButton ( " Click Me " ) button .
addActionListener (( e : ActionEvent ) => showButtonMessage ( e . getActionCommand . toString ) ) getContentPane add button pack setVisible ( true ) } }
The Scala version offers many of the same advantages over Java that the Groovy version provided :
fewer type declarations than Java
fewer semicolons
fewer parentheses
We also see a few items unique to Scala :
In Scala , the import wildcard is _ , not * .
In Scala , * is a valid identifier .
( Scala 's punctuation - friendly identifiers will be a big advantage later when I am writing DSLs . )
, not .
In Scala , is a valid identifier .
( Scala 's punctuation - friendly identifiers will be a big advantage later when I am writing DSLs . )
Scala has an inline syntax for importing multiple classes in a package .
Since we only need one , we declare an object instead of a class .
instead of a .
Our object extends JFrame , and Scala lets us call the JFrame constructor inline , instead of having to declare a separate constructor .
Again , the most important differences are in the action listener .
Like Groovy , Scala lets us skip the anonymous inner class ritual , and simply pass a function :
button .
addActionListener (( e : ActionEvent ) => showButtonMessage ( e . getActionCommand . toString ) )
That looks great , except I cheated a little .
Scala 's implementation of strong typing wo n't automatically coerce a function into an ActionListener , so the above code wo n't compile out of the box .
Fortunately , Scala 's implicit conversions let us have our cake and eat it too : strong typing plus much of the syntactic convenience of a looser type system .
All we have to do is tell Scala the the conversion is legal :
// Yes , we can implicit def actionPerformed Wrapper ( func : ( ActionEvent ) =>
Unit ) = new ActionListener { def actionPerformed ( e : ActionEvent ) = func ( e ) }
With this one - time setup in place , we can now pass a function where an ActionListener is expected .
There seem to be several projects to wrap Swing in more idiomatic Scala .
Using one of these libraries you should be able to get a syntax cleaner than the sample code here .
See ScalaGUI for one example .
From Scala , Java interop is trivial .
JRuby Swing example
Let 's see how JRuby fares :
include Java import javax .
swing .
JFrame import javax .
swing .
JButton import javax .
swing .
JOptionPane import java .
awt .
event .
ActionListener button = JButton . new " Click Me " button .
add_action_listener do | evt | JOptionPane .
showMessageDialog ( nil , <<- END ) < html >
Hello from < b> JRuby </b>. Button ' #{ evt .
getActionCommand ( ) } ' clicked .
END end frame = JFrame .
new " Hello Swing " frame .
content_pane .
add button frame .
default_close_operation = JFrame :: EXIT_ON_CLOSE frame .
pack frame .
visible = true
If you compare this to the earlier Groovy example , you will see almost exactly the same feature set :
fewer type declarations
fewer semicolons
fewer parentheses
simplified property access ( no get or set )
or ) a multiline string ( delimited by END )
string interpolation of evt.getActionCommand ( the stuff inside # {} )
The action listener callback is simplified in a fashion similar to the Groovy example .
Ruby automatically generates the ActionListener from a block :
button .
add_action_listener { | evt | # do stuff }
In the JRuby example I used Ruby conventions for method names , even on Java objects :
# Ruby frame .
content_pane
Java programmers expect camel case .
As a convenience , JRuby supports both naming conventions :
# Groovy , Scala , or JRuby frame .
contentPane
Ruby 's flexibility has encouraged a lot of experimentation with alternate syntaxes for Java interop .
See JRUBY - 903 for some of the history .
For a more idiomatic approach to Swing in JRuby , see the Profligacy project .
From JRuby , Java interop is trivial .
Clojure Swing example
Here is the Clojure version :
; Clojure ; Clojure ( import ' ( javax.swing JFrame JButton JOptionPane ) ) ( import ' ( java.awt.event ActionListener ) ) ( let [ frame ( JFrame .
" Hello Swing " ) button ( JButton .
" Click Me " ) ] ( .addActionListener button ( proxy [ ActionListener ] [ ] ( actionPerformed [ evt ] ( JOptionPane / showMessageDialog nil , ( str " < html > Hello from < b> Clojure </b>. Button " ( .getActionCommand evt ) " clicked . " ) ) ) ) ) ( .. frame getContentPane ( add button ) ) ( doto frame ( .setDefaultCloseOperation JFrame/EXIT_ON_CLOSE ) .pack ( .setVisible true ) ) )
Because Clojure is a Lisp , the syntax is radically different from the others .
This deserves hours of discussion , or none .
Since my focus here is on Java interop , I am going to save The Great Parenthesis Debate for a later entry in this series .
For now , let us suspend judgment on syntax , and focus exclusively on the Java interop .
Importing Java classes is easy .
import takes a list .
The first element of the list is a package , and the remaining elements are classes to add to the current namespace .
Note that this allows the import of multiple classes in a single line .
( import ' ( javax.swing JFrame JButton JOptionPane ) )
Creating a Java instance is easy .
Use the ( class. &args ) form .
( JFrame .
" Hello Swing " )
There are multiple ways to call methods on a Java class .
If you want to call a single method , you can use the ( . methodName obj &args ) form .
For static calls , you can also use the ( class / method &args ) form :
( JOptionPane / showMessageDialog nil " A message " )
Sometimes you want to chain multiple calls together .
Where in Java you would say x.y ( ) .z( ) , in Clojure you can use the ( .. x ( y ) ( z ) ) form .
( .. frame ( getContentPane ) ( add button ) )
The last three method calls in our example are all on the same frame object .
With Clojure 's doto form , you can perform multiple operations on an object without having to repeat the object each time .
( doto frame ( setDefaultCloseOperation JFrame / EXIT_ON_CLOSE ) pack ( setVisible true ) ) )
As with the other examples , the action listener is the most interesting part .
In Clojure , proxy will dynamically create a Java instance [ 2 ] , allowing you to implement interfaces and methods as needed .
( proxy [ ActionListener ] [ ] ( actionPerformed [ evt ] { do stuff here ... } ) )
As with JRuby , this solution is more general , and requires more syntax , than the Groovy approach .
Also as with JRuby , you can easily roll your own syntax .
From Clojure , Java interop is trivial .
Try this at home
The interop story in Java . next is almost boring : It Just Works .
So to spice things up a little , here is an exercise in rolling your own constructs , inspired by the examples above .
Consider Clojure 's import , which can import multiple Java classes in a single line of code .
( import '( javax.swing JFrame JButton JOptionPane ) )
Why can't this be even more general ?
Try your hand at writing a custom import function in one of the Java . next languages .
Some useful features might be
import all the classes in a JAR
import all the classes in the intersection of a package and a JAR
import only interfaces
import all classes matching some criteria
import all classes except those matching some criteria
Let me know what you come up with , and I will link to it here .
Conclusion
In the examples above , I have demonstrated how all of the Java . next libraries can trivially interoperate with Java .
Each of examples called the Swing library with fewer lines of code than the Java version .
More importantly , the Java. next versions capture the essence of the program with less ceremony .
Seamless interoperation with Java should not be the primary yardstick when measuring Java. next languages , because they all get it right .
There are complexities and corner cases beyond what I have shown here , in all of the Java . next languages .
But I consider the Java interop problem to be basically solved .
In these first two articles , I have stayed fairly close to Java style while demonstrating Java . next language features .
With that groundwork in place , it is time to start using idiomatic Java. next .
In the next installment of the Java . next series , we will look at how the Java . next languages support Domain - Specific Languages .
Notes
This series is taken from the JVM Language Shootout talk .
Check the schedule for a talk near you .
Suggestions for improving the code samples above are most welcome .
Thanks to Jason Rudolph , Glenn Vanderburg , and Greg Vaughn for reading an earlier draft of this article .
I took the Swing application example from the JRuby samples , and ported it to the other Java . next languages .
Clojure 's proxy creates classes as necessary behind the scenes .
In Java.next , the dichotomy of class and object is not constantly center stage .
Revisions
It seemed an ordinary moment , repeated in thousands of schools worldwide .
On one side , a shy boy " with puffy , red cheeks " who stammered through a translation test in the principal 's office .
On the other , a tutor hired by the boy 's father to put him through his paces .
But the school was in North Korea , the father was the country 's legendary founder , Kim Il Sung , and the boy was his son and future leader , Kim Jong -il .
And the relationship between student and tutor would climax in a horrific denouement : the boy grew up to order the execution of the teacher 's entire family .
Those are among the milder allegations made by the tutor , Kim Hyun-sik , now 76 and a research professor at George Mason University in Virginia .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" So many times I 've imagined killing him and then killing myself , " he writes of his former student in a powerful new memoir in Foreign Policy magazine which pulls back the curtain on the Supreme Leader 's background .
The piece , in one of the most influential US publications , is likely to fuel criticism of nuclear - equipped North Korea and embolden the US conservatives who demand military intervention there .
But Professor
Kim says he has just one wish : that Kim Jong - il open the country 's doors to the freedom and abundance the rest of the world enjoys .
Until then , he is determined to tell everyone what he has seen : " A young , innocent boy who turned into a monster , and a country so full of promise transformed into a concentration camp . "
The story begins in 1959 .
The professor , who Kim Il Sung had handpicked to tutor his family in Russian , summoned Kim Jnr , then 17 , to take an oral test .
Flustered and " with beads of sweat on his forehead " , the boy endured the exam " without ever boasting that he was the son of the Great Leader " .
Years later after he had inherited his father 's exclusive powers , Professor Kim alleges that the student would order his alma mater blown up to eliminate potential rivals to his own children .
He describes Kim Jong-il as a " rather ordinary student " who excelled at nothing and made few friends .
Just months after his test , Kim Jong - il 's nervous , diffident demeanour disappeared as he showed off his Russian skills in front of the school 's teachers .
" As an educator , I was quite gratified , " recalls his tutor .
But that pride would turn into rage .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
In 1991 , a South Korean agent approached Professor Kim while he was in Moscow , saying he could arrange a meeting with the professor 's older sister .
Like thousands of families , the Kims had been split by the 1950 - 53 war that had divided the Korean peninsula .
The sister , long believed dead , was in Chicago and wanted her brother to join her .
" I was overcome with emotion , " he writes .
A day later , however , the professor was ordered back to Pyongyang after a North Korean double agent betrayed him .
As a trusted insider with intimate knowledge of the ruling family who had been caught talking to the hated South , he knew returning meant one thing .
" I would be killed as a traitor . "
He defected to Seoul and never saw his home , his university or his family again .
Kim Jong - il exacted a terrible price for that betrayal .
Professor Kim's wife , daughters and son , their spouses and " even our dear grandchildren " were apparently sent to state gulags and murdered .
" To this day , I know nothing of the details of their deaths , of whether they blamed me as they perished . "
Today , up to 200,000 people are still being held in the North 's gulags , according to the US State Department .
The memoir also includes allegations of Nazi- style " cleansing " of the physically disabled and the " substandard " .
In one episode , Professor Kim describes how Pyongyang was " purified " of all disabled residents before the 1989 World Festival of Youth and Students , a showcase designed to outdo the Olympics , which had taken place the year before in Seoul .
Most victims were " clockmakers , engravers , locksmiths and cobblers " who vanished overnight .
Even short people were not safe , Professor Kim says .
The government gave out pamphlets to thousands of people in Pyongyang describing a wonder drug that would raise their height .
Instead " they were sent away to different uninhabited islands in an attempt to end their ' substandard ' genes from repeating in a new generation .
Left for dead , none of the people made it back home . "
Bradley K Martin , the author of Under the Loving Care of the Fatherly Leader and a veteran reporter of North Korean issues , says it is true that you do not find handicapped people in Pyongyang .
" If you want to see short people who are suffering from malnutrition you have to go outside the capital .
I 've no reason to doubt this allegation . "
Professor Kim's explosive account , extracted from a book published last year in South Korea called A 21st Century Ideological Nomad , comes at a sensitive time .
After seven years of sabre - rattling , President George Bush 's administration last month removed the North from its list of " terrorist sponsors " , signalling that negotiation , not confrontation , has a better chance of luring North Korea in from the cold .
In return , Pyongyang has submitted an inventory of its nuclear programme and pledged to dismantle its weapons .
Despite setbacks , its relations with Seoul are also improving .
About 70 South Korean companies have set up shop north of the border in the Kaesong Industrial Region , an experimental capitalist project that could bring prosperity to the impoverished nation .
But Professor Kim suggests that the US about - turn is a triumph for the Dear Leader , who concluded in the 1990s that his country , further isolated by the collapse of its sponsor , the Soviet Union , could box above its weight internationally if it prioritised military power .
" Today , just as he hoped , Kim Jong - il 's vision has been realised , " he writes .
" [ He ] has managed to extract resources from wealthier and stronger states by manufacturing crises and generating international instability .
His brand of nuclear blackmail is a virtual guarantor of bottomless international aid for the world 's most militarised society . "
The Foreign Policy article also details a secretive wing of the North 's state apparatus called Bureau 3 , charged with planning operations against South Korea , including , he claims , the planned assassination of its president and his entourage during a visit to Burma in 1983 .
The bombing killed 17 South Korean cabinet members , but failed in its main objective .
The account reveals how children of the party elite are sent to exclusive schools and fed rice , meat , fish and eggs while ordinary children get cornmeal and soybean soup .
The privileged young do just a few days mandatory farm work a year , unlike their poorer counterparts , who average between 60 and 90 days .
The leader will not allow graduates from his old school into his inner circle .
" Those who have known Kim Jong - il since youth are bound to see him as human – not the centre of a god - like cult of personality , " Professor Kim explains .
He says he remains optimistic that the North will change and would love to meet his former student for a final lesson .
" I , who became a university professor thanks to his father ; I , who travelled to Russia , Seoul , and now Washington – I no longer loathe him .
I pity him .
Even though he killed my family , I have already forgiven him . "
Dictators in class
Robert Mugabe
Born in 1924 in what was then Rhodesia , Mugabe had a solitary childhood .
His father abandoned the family when Mugabe was 10 and he came under the influence of an Irish Jesuit who fed him tales of the Irish struggle for liberation from the British .
As a young boy he worked hard at school but avoided other children , preferring to go hunting alone .
He left to attend university in South Africa , where he was introduced to nationalist politics .
Adolf Hitler
Born in Austria in 1889 , Hitler had a difficult youth , during which he was beaten almost daily by his father .
Despite showing great potential at his religious school , he disappointed his mother by deciding against becoming a priest .
He moved to Vienna aged 18 to pursue his dream of becoming an artist .
After two failed attempts to gain entry to an art academy , he tried architecture instead , but ran out of money .
Almost friendless , he scraped a living by doing paintings for tourists .
Rejected by the Austrian army , he joined the German army in 1914 .
Mao Zedong
The eldest son of a prosperous peasant family , Mao was born in 1893 in Hunan province , central China .
His father was able to afford his school fees , although he was required to help out on the family farm from a young age .
He left school aged 13 to work full - time for his father , but intellectual curiosity eventually drove him to seek out new teachers in a neighbouring town .
Upon completion of his schooling , he went to Peking ( now Beijing ) to study at Peking University .
Man Attempts to Travel Around the World in Solar - Powered Car
September 8th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
One man ’s quest to travel around the world in a car without using a drop of gas is coming to a close over a year after it began .
Swiss adventurer Louis Palmer has been driving his three - wheeled Solartaxi since last July .
So far , he ’s logged 27,000 miles and 28 countries .
The $ 5,000 Solartaxi was built for Palmer by Q - Cells , a German solar company .
Zebra Battery provided the adventurer with two 250 - pound rechargeable batteries — each valued at $ 15,000 .
The batteries store energy from the solar panels , as well as energy from the electric outlets that Palmer plugs the vehicle into every evening .
The car ’s solar panels provide about 60 miles of power on a sunny day , but the added energy from electrical outlets allows the Solartaxi to travel 200 miles without recharging .
Any road trip veteran can tell you that 200 miles a day makes for a slow trip — but speed is n’t really part of Palmer ’s agenda .
Palmer , who is currently in Washington DC , plans to stop at the World Climate Change Conference in Poland before taking the Solartaxi home in December .
And Palmer ’s solar - powered driving ambitions wo n’t stop then .
He ’s already planning an 80 - day solar - powered race around the world next year .
The Solartaxi is n’t headed for mass production any time soon , and solar panels probably wo n’t be a major source of energy for cars in the future .
But Palmer ’s venture proves that we can wean ourselves off petroleum — it just takes a little ingenuity .
>> Related : ZPM ’s 106 MPG Air Car Could Hit the Streets Next Year
Posts Related to Solar Power :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Senior McCain adviser helped arrange Rev. Moon coronation Nick Juliano
Published : Friday May 9 , 2008
|
Print This Email
This A bizarre Capitol Hill ceremony a few years ago in which the eccentric conservative publisher the Rev. Sun Myung Moon declared himself the Second Coming was organized with help from a senior adviser to John McCain 's presidential campaign .
Charlie Black , a Washington lobbyist and McCain confidant , lent his name to the coronation ceremony and invited a few friends , according to newly disclosed e-mails .
" What is clear from this email is that top Mccain advisor Charlie Black is admitting that he helped plan , and would have attended , an event where a convicted tax fraud would have been crowned King Of America and declared himself the Messiah - - all on U.S. Government federal property ( on March 23 , 2004 ) , " writes author Cliff Schecter , who published the e-mails on his blog Friday .
In the e-mails , which were also obtained by RAW STORY , Black said he became involved because of his relationships with executives at the Washington Times , the conservative , Moon - owned newspaper , and its charitable foundation .
" I think the dinner committee list included a number of us ' secular ' conservatives , " Black writes in one e-mail to author John Gorenfeld , who has explored Moon 's influence in Washington in his book Bad Moon Rising .
Black said he did not know Moon personally and was unable to attend the coronation ceremony , which Gorenfeld details here .
( The full e-mails are reprinted below . )
During the ceremony , Moon declared , " I am God 's ambassador , sent to Earth with his full authority , " according to a contemporaneous account in the New York Times .
Black 's relationship with the event seems relatively tangential , but this campaign season has shown that tangential relationships can cause headaches for candidates .
Moon is among the most controversial figures on the right , although he gets relatively little notice in the mainstream press .
Schecter , who recently published a book critical of the GOP nominee , The Real McCain , outlines some of Moon 's most outrageous views : that he is the second coming of Jesus , that crosses and crucifixes undermine God 's message and that Jesus failed in his mission .
" One wonders , " Schecter muses , " what many in the media would do if Reverend Jeremiah Wright called Jesus a " failure , " proclaimed he ( Wright ) was the " Messiah " called in by God to clean up Jesus ' mess and staged mock funerals for Christian crosses . "
Moon 's Unification church is considered a cult by many observers .
Considering himself to be the Messiah , Moon claims to have communicated with the dead , including Adolf Hitler and Joseph Stalin , who he claims to have " reformed " from beyond the grave .
The church has been accused money laundering , and Moon has used it to spread anti-Semetic and anti-gay teachings .
Black has been a longtime player in Republican politics .
His ties with the Bush family go back to 1972 , when he and Karl Rove were jockeying for control of the College Republicans in a campaign so dirty that George H.W. Bush , then head of the Republican National Committee , had to step in and sort matters out .
Black then worked for Ronald Reagan 's and George H.W. Bush 's presidential campaigns from 1976 to 1992 .
He served as an adviser to George W. Bush 's campaigns in 2000 and 2004 and is often quoted in news stories as an unofficial White House spokesman .
Until March of this year , Black served as the chairman of the lobbying firm BKSH & Associates .
The firm has represented AT&T as it dealt with the fallout of its involvement in President Bush 's warrantless wiretapping program and coached Blackwater CEO Eric Prince before congressional testimony regarding security contractors killing innocent Iraqis .
It previously worked with Iraqi exile Ahmed Chalabi , who was a key source of faulty intelligence leading up to the Iraq war .
Black 's e-mails are reprinted below : On Apr 28 , 2004 , at 10:34 AM , CHARLIE BLACK wrote :
John ,
I lent my name and sent invitations to a few friends .
Unfortunately , I had a conflict and could n't go to the event .
Charlie
From : John Gorenfeld < [ email protected ] >
To :" CHARLIE BLACK " < [ email protected ] >
cc : Subject : Re : Moon event at Dirksen Senate Office Building , 3/23
05/06/2004 09:31 PM
Dear Mr. Black ,
Thanks for your reply .
It 's kind of an amazing event , with Moon being coronated as the king and declaring himself the Messiah at a federal building .
Can you tell me how you got involved with inviting people ?
Is this an annual event , or just a one - time thing ?
sincerely ,
John
On May 7 , 2004 , at 11:16 AM , CHARLIE BLACK wrote :
I do n't know if it is annual , but they have done similar events .
I do n't know Reverend Moon , but work with the management of the Washington Times and their foundation occasionally on conservative causes .
I think the dinner committee list included a number of us " secular " conservatives .
Charlie Black
BKSH & Associates
( 202 ) xxx-xxxx
Identify exactly where in the world an IP address is located .
WorldIP returns precise geographic location of any computer or appliance connected to the Internet based on its IP address alone .
No matter where in the world the computer is , and no matter what type of a device the IP address belongs to !
WorldIP locates exact geographic location of any Internet - connected PC , laptop , mobile device or appliance with an IP address .
What It Is
WorldIP is a free geolocation service that consists of a database and an API to access it .
If you are using WorldIP at home , there is a free Firefox plugin to identify geographic location of Web sites you are visiting .
If you are using WorldIP for your business , there is a simple yet powerful API allowing you to query the WorldIP database with a single link .
What It Costs
WorldIP costs nothing for personal and business use .
Using WorldIP database is completely free for any purpose .
Using WorldIP services via the API also costs nothing if you stay within 10,000 requests a day .
Why Using WorldIP
Geo Targeting and E - Commerce
Geo targeting is the main application of the WorldIP geolocation service .
Serve local ads or offer unique merchandise to your customers coming from different countries , cities or regions .
Why offering German magazine subscriptions to Chinese users while you have something else to target the Chinese market ?
Making profit from online sales becomes easier !
Combat Fraud , Spam and Spy - Bots
The database of “ service - codes ” classifying “ visitors ” on search bots and spy-bots , hosting companies and datacenters , proxy servers and anonimizers , and international satellite networks will be soon available .
Knowing exactly where a visitor comes from makes fraud checks much more effective .
Defend Servers against DDoS Attacks
If you are running a Web server , you are probably aware that DDoS attacks are often coming from a specific region .
Blocking the entire region temporarily in a firewall helps relieve your servers and firewalls from unnecessary load .
Protect Yourself from Internet Scams and Phishing
Protecting you from Internet phishing scams is another important goal of WIPmania .
With WorldIP plugin , you will see immediately where in the world the Web page you are currently visiting is located .
Logging in to your account and just about to submit your PayPal password to a Nigerian server ?
Your bank just sent you an email instructing you to re-set your password , and you notice that its server just moved to Romania ?
Protecting yourself from Internet scams becomes one step easier !
Use It for Blogs and Forums
Integrate WorldIP into your personal blog or forum to better serve your visitors based on their geographical location .
Provide blog interface in their native language , offer skins and themes popular in a particular region and make visiting your blog or forum a more pleasing experience for everyone on the net .
Before you ended your quixotic bid for the Democratic presidential nomination in January and continued on as a congressman from Cleveland , did you believe you could really be president ?
No one runs unless they think they can .
But you ’re a vegan .
Do you think America is ready to elect a non -beef - eating president ?
I think America is ready for a president with a blood pressure of 90 over 60 who could beat most people half his age in a sprint .
I see you are scheduled to speak at the convention on Tuesday , at the Pepsi Center , which sounds like the name of a soda plant .
Why is it called that ?
My guess is that Pepsi probably bought the naming rights .
Naming rights are another thing my subcommittee  the Domestic Policy Subcommittee  is looking into .
What is the point of having a convention when the candidate has been preselected ?
Is n’t it just an excuse for a party ?
This is a great opportunity for Democrats to come together , to indicate our solidarity on providing jobs ; helping people save their homes ; health care for all ; retirement security .
When her neighbor ’s roosters and chickens persisted in running through her yard , G. Stone took matters into her own hands .
She marched next door and issued a warning :
Do something about the uninvited guests or the birds “ were going in my pot . ”
The incursions stopped .
But Stone , a retired Los Angeles County librarian who lives northwest of Watts , shook her head in exasperation as she recalled the incident .
“ I ’ve lived here for 50 years , ” she said .
“ All of a sudden , there ’s an influx of chickens .
You ’re not supposed to have chickens in the city . ”
Advertisement
For many , the image of South Los Angeles is that of a paved , parched , densely packed urban grid .
But increasingly , it is also a place where untold numbers of barnyard animals -- chickens , roosters , goats , geese , ducks , pigs and even the odd pony -- are being tended in tiny backyard spaces .
“ Most people do n’t realize just how many farm animals there are in the city , ” said Ed Boks , the general manager of the city ’s Animal Services department .
Indeed , about a block from the beauty parlor where Stone was getting her hair done earlier this month , a pair of goats chewed something dark and unidentifiable as they stood placidly near the traffic whizzing by on Avalon Boulevard .
A pit bull next door eyed them lazily .
The cacophony of cock - a- doodle - doos south of the 10 Freeway is one of the louder manifestations of a demographic change that has transformed South Los Angeles in the last few decades .
Advertisement
Once primarily an African American community -- and still the cultural and political heart of the state ’s African American population -- the area has absorbed tens of thousands of immigrants from Mexico and Central America and is now predominantly Latino .
In Southeast L.A. , the black population has dropped from 71 % in 1980 to 24 % in the 2000 census ; the Latino population grew from 27 % in 1980 to 74 % in 2000 .
For some folks , the rooster has become a potent symbol of the way their neighborhood is changing .
“ Sometimes , I think it ’s Mexico , ” said Tony Johnson , who lives in Southeast L.A .
He confessed that after being roused early some mornings , he has fantasized about silencing the birds permanently .
“ Boom .
Boom .
Boom , ” he said , pantomiming how he would do it .
But a few blocks away , Jose Luiz , 43 , seemed surprised that anyone would be bothered by the noise .
Advertisement
“ It ’s natural to have roosters , ” he said as he surveyed a new community garden where corn , squash and tomatoes were growing .
“ I ’m Mexican .
We are accustomed to hearing them . ”
Zoning rules prohibit most of this husbandry , but overtaxed animal control officers rarely take action unless they get complaints .
Some of the birds may be being used in cockfighting .
But animal control officers say most of the backyard roosters are not implicated in anything so sinister .
They are simply part of the household , a hobby and a comfort for immigrants who hope to re-create a little piece of home in a faraway , foreign place .
Still , as deluged city officials and sleep - deprived residents have learned , one person ’s comfort is another ’s headache .
Advertisement
“ I ca n’t sleep , ” said Perry Partee , 55 , who lives near Watts .
He sternly dismissed the conventional wisdom that roosters crow at dawn ; in fact , he said , they often get going much earlier .
Animal Services officials say there undoubtedly are more chickens and roosters in long - established Latino communities on the Eastside , such as Boyle Heights and El Sereno , where it is not unheard of to see flocks of the birds running down the sidewalk .
But in those neighborhoods many residents are accustomed to , or at least not overly bothered by , the sights and sounds of free - roaming fowl .
In South Los Angeles , on the other hand , the crowing -- and bleating , quacking , honking , oinking and neighing -- has been a growing source of irritation , with callers lighting up city phone lines demanding that officials do something .
Take the recent rooster - related activities near 110th and Avalon .
Advertisement
An 11 - year - old boy was chased home from school by a rooster , according to his mother , who did not want his name published .
Around the same time , on the same street , some roosters mysteriously disappeared out of a backyard , according to resident Dwight Johnson , who said the birds ’ owner walked up and down the street looking for them .
Animal Services Officer Jose Gonzalez , who patrols the southern part of the city , said he ’s getting around five calls a week about rooster noise .
He ’s also had reports about a pig running down Central Avenue and a man who kept goats in his backyard and posted signs advertising slaughterhouse services .
Boks said Animal Services deals with about 150 reports of unauthorized slaughtering a year .
Advertisement
The rules about keeping animals in Los Angeles are complicated .
For the most part , Animal Services officers rely on distance requirements , which vary from animal to animal .
Roosters , for example , must be kept in an enclosed pen 20 feet from their owner ’s house and 100 feet from any neighbor ’s house .
Other chickens , on the other hand , can be 35 feet from a neighbor ’s house , while horses must maintain a distance of 75 feet .
Because many Los Angeles lots are no larger than 100 feet long , it is physically impossible for many property owners there to legally keep roosters .
Hen - pecked by constituent calls about rooster noise , Los Angeles City Councilwoman Janice
Hahn recently proposed limiting each household to one rooster and setting up new procedures to deal with loud birds .
But animal control officers warn that they have a lot on their plates already , including vicious dogs , feral cats and thousands of stray animals crowding shelters , not to mention the occasional snake or bobcat .
Advertisement
The city employs 64 animal control officers to cover some 460 square miles ; from May 1 , 2007 , through April 30 , 2008 , city shelters took in 628 farm animals , including 345 chickens , 11 goats and five pigs .
Officials vowed to keep studying the issue .
Officers will continue to respond when they get calls , and will investigate if they suspect cockfighting , animal cruelty or , as in the case of the freelance goat slaughterhouse , a health - and - safety issue .
Many residents , such as Stone , who was plagued by her neighbor ’s birds in her yard , took pains to stress that it was the roosters they deplored , not their owners .
Advertisement
Near where she spoke , the distinctive crow of an unseen bird cut through the noise of a police helicopter and the hum of traffic .
Cock - a - doodle - doo , the bird cried .
A moment later , a goose honked in response .
--
jessica.garrison@latimes.com
Congressional staffers told CNBC that there would n't be any votes on a new bailout proposal until Thursday at the earliest .
Video : Lawmakers React to Bill's Defeat
Pimco's Gross : We Need to Pass New Bill
After the House 's surprise rejection of the $ 700 billion bailout bill on Monday , U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said he was " very disappointed " but pledged to continue working with Congress to forge a rescue .
" I will continue to work with Congressional leaders to find a forward to pass a comprehensive plan to stabilize our financial system and protect the American people by limiting the prospects of further deterioration in our economy , " Paulson said .
" We 've got much work to do , and this is much too important to simply let fail . "
Citing recent bank failures in the United States and Europe , Paulson said regulators and legislators need to act " as soon as possible " to ensure the health of credit markets that U.S. businesses depend on to meet payrolls and purchase inventory .
More From CNBC.com
House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she was prepared to work in a bipartisan way with Republicans to get financial bailout legislation approved .
Pelosi , a Democrat , also told reporters she spoke to Paulson soon after the $ 700 billion bill to jump - start stalled capital markets was rejected by the House in a vote of 228-205 .
Stocks plunged on Wall Street even before the vote to reject the bill was announced on the House floor .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 777 points .
The failure of the bailout bill — after more than a week of intensive closed - door negotiation intended to hammer out a compromise plan — brought new uncertainty about the response of the government to the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
President Bush was set to huddle with economic advisers to consider the administration 's next move after the White House failed to win support for the bailout plan from Bush 's fellow Republicans .
" There 's no question the economy is facing a difficult crisis that needs to be addressed , '' White House spokesman Tony Fratto told reporters .
The bailout plan was announced by the Bush administration last week .
In the end , Republican House members voted against it by a more than 2 - to - 1 margin .
A majority of Democrats voted in favor .
Rep. Barney Frank , a Massachusetts
Democrat who helped craft the bill in hours of negotiations with leading lawmakers , said the next step could hinge on the economic fallout from the bill 's failure .
Capping three hours of debate , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland had warned lawmakers that the cost of inaction would be an economic calamity beyond Wall Street .
" A meltdown would begin , it is true , on a few square miles of Manhattan , but before it was over , all of us know , no city or town in America would be untouched , '' Hoyer said .
Bush and a host of leading congressional figures had implored the lawmakers to pass the legislation despite howls of protest from their constituents back home .
The vote had been preceded by unusually aggressive White House lobbying , and spokesman Tony Fratto said that Bush had used a " call list " of people he wanted to persuade to vote yes as late as just a short time before the vote .
Lawmakers shouted news of the plummeting Dow Jones average as lawmakers crowded on the House floor during the drawn - out and tense call of the roll , which dragged on for roughly 40 minutes as leaders on both sides scrambled to corral enough of their rank - and - file members to support the deeply unpopular measure .
They found only two .
Bush and his economic advisers , as well as congressional leaders in both parties had argued the plan was vital to insulating ordinary Americans from the effects of Wall Street 's bad bets .
The version that was up for vote Monday was the product of marathon closed - door negotiations on Capitol Hill over the weekend .
" We 're all worried about losing our jobs , " Rep. Paul Ryan , R - Wis. , declared in an impassioned speech in support of the bill before the vote .
" Most of us say , ' I want this thing to pass , but I want you to vote for it — not me . ' "
With their dire warnings of impending economic doom and their sweeping request for unprecedented sums of money and authority to bail out cash - starved financial firms , Bush and his economic chiefs have focused the attention of world markets on Congress , Ryan added .
" We 're in this moment , and if we fail to do the right thing , Heaven help us , " he said .
¿ Qué ha pasado ?
Es una verdadera lástima , pero no hemos podido encontrar la página o el fichero que estabas buscando .
Es posible que esta dirección haya desaparecido en algún rediseño de nuestra web .
Puede que el enlace que has pulsado sea antiguo y ya no funcione bien .
Si has escrito directamente la dirección en tu navegador , igual tiene algún error .
Si crees que hay algo que hayamos hecho mal , por favor escríbenos a .
Asegúrate de indicarnos de dónde venías y qué estabas buscando , para que podamos hacer todo lo que podamos para arreglarlo .
Hurdles Keep Street Drugs Out of Medicine Chest From marijuana to ecstasy , scientists fight to study drugs ' medical properties .
Sept. 11 , 2008  --
The patients at Dr. Michael Mithoefer 's clinic in South Carolina all suffer from post - traumatic stress disorder .
Some are the victims of rape and child sexual abuse , others -- veterans returning home from Iraq -- bear the psychic scars of war .
They have tried other therapies before but here , under the watchful eye of Mithoefer and his staff , they 're trying something new -- MDMA , better known as ecstasy , a drug that if bought on a street corner would land these patients in jail .
The results of the Mithoefer study -- the first Food and Drug Administration - approved Phase 2 trial of MDMA to treat post - traumatic stress -- will not be known until it concludes later this month .
But the treatment already shows promise , the doctor says .
" We have had some very dramatic results , " Mithoefer said .
" We have examples of people on disability for years who have now returned to work .
The treatment has had a profound effect on a number of people whose symptoms are now much better .
It has n't been that way for everybody but , overall , this seems to be much more effective than what is currently out there . "
Like an ex-con trying to clean up his act and leave behind his criminal past , illicit drugs have a hard time shaking off their bad reputations .
Many illegal drugs such as MDMA and marijuana could have pharmacological futures .
Others such morphine and cocaine were initially developed for medicinal purposes , and some can be found in your medicine cabinet masquerading under assumed names .
But scientists looking to do new research say it is difficult to get funding or approval for studies on drugs with rap sheets .
That marijuana , cocaine , morphine , methamphetamines , even the so - called " date rape drug " GHB , have versions approved by the FDA does not mean securing funds and permission to research these drugs is easy .
" The DEA really slowed us down , " Mithoefer said of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration .
" We submitted a 550 - page application to the FDA and we were approved pretty quickly . "
" Working with a controversial Schedule 1 drug made getting permission from the DEA difficult , " he said of the class of substances the DEA believes has the greatest potential for abuse .
Many of the scientists working on research with illegal drugs say the government bureaucracy and the need to obtain permission from numerous agencies scares off researchers , their backers and institutions .
" The university [ the University of South Carolina ] did n't want to be involved in the study , " Mithoefer said .
" It seemed too controversial .
Fortunately , we were getting our funding elsewhere .
The lengthy delays makes it difficult for many researchers to go forward .
This is a real problem .
There are many people suffering and there should n't be these needless delays . "
Those delays , say the FDA and DEA , are necessary to ensuring the most dangerous drugs do not get into the wrong hands or are misused .
Research proposals for human trials need to be approved by the FDA and DEA and , in some cases , as when marijuana is involved , other federal agencies as well .
" There are a lot of players when it comes to drugs , " DEA spokeswoman Rogene Waite said .
" Different agencies with different authorities each need to sign off . "
" From our perspective , we 're always concerned about safety and , regardless of the schedule , we 're looking at the same set of issues .
But when it comes to illegal drugs , there is going to be the highest levels of security and scrutiny on those drugs , " she said .
The MDMA study , which involved 21 patients and began four years ago , took years of planning .
Although Mithoefer is affiliated with the University of South Carolina , the study was conducted at his private clinic and funded by a nonprofit group .
After the DEA stalled approval for the research , he says , the university balked from sponsoring a study involving a controversial and otherwise illegal substance .
But MDMA is not the only drug that has spent time both on the street and in the laboratory .
MDMA , or methylenedioxymethamphetamine , has its roots in the medical community .
It was developed and used surreptitiously by psychiatrists in the 1970s .
If it was one day to return to the medicine chest , it would follow a long line of other drugs that remain illegal in one form but legal in another .
" If you look back over the history of many so - called ' street drugs , ' many have origins in well - intentioned and scientifically sound theories for use in medicine and more noble purposes than just getting high , " said Paul L. Doering , a pharmacology professor and director of the University of Florida 's Drug Information and Pharmacy Resource Center .
" The distinction between illegal and legal is tenuous , " he said .
" The door swings in both directions .
These drugs have to replace their tie - dye shirts with lab coats . "
Though marijuana cigarettes are sold for medicinal purposes in some states , the drug remains technically illegal in federal law in all but one form .
Sold under the name Marinol , THC ( the active ingredient in marijuana ) is prescribed as an appetite stimulant to treat nausea in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy and weight loss in AIDS patients .
The popular and legal drug Adderall , which is given to children with attention - deficit disorder , is just one carbon molecule away from being the popular illegal drug methamphetamine .
Cocaine , a local anesthetic like Novocain , has the added benefit of restricting blood vessels to stop bleeding .
It is regularly used in its liquid form in emergency rooms and in facial surgery .
The " date - rape " drug GHB is classified as a Schedule 1 drug and is illegal if possessed with the intention of drugging someone in a bar , but is classified as a Schedule 3 drug when prescribed as Xyrem for use in the treatment of narcolepsy .
Beyond just governmental bureaucracy , Doering and others say , other barriers remain in the way of conducting medical research on illegal drugs .
" There are several factors keeping these drugs out of the lab , " he said .
" The main challenge is overcoming their bad reputations and convincing the research community that under the right circumstances -- under evaluation and regulation -- these drugs can be tamed to help humankind . "
In addition to government regulation and the drugs ' bad reputations , an inability to patent and , therefore , make money off these substances also stall research .
Raw marijuana , literally a weed , cannot be patented and neither can a drug discovered decades ago like LSD .
Salvia divinorum , a hallucinogenic , is perhaps the newest plant to be recognized for both its recreational and potential medical uses .
Still legal in most states , the drug is under review by the DEA to determine whether it should be criminalized .
If it is declared illegal before scientists get a chance to begin research , some fear that the drug will face the same challenges of other illegal substances with medicinal potential .
" Salvia might have all kinds of uses in the treatment of mental disorders and we should n't stop research before we 've even started , " said Rick Doblin , president of the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies , a nonprofit that funds research on otherwise illegal drugs , including Mithoefer 's MDMA study .
" It is hard to quantify the lost benefits by not allowing this research to go on , " Doblin said .
" But how can the government justify keeping drugs that improve or save people 's lives out of their hands ? "
WASHINGTON --
Titans of the financial industry are battling to influence the government 's financial rescue plan , a package that will create new winners and losers in the sector .
Democrats in Congress want a rescue package that benefits homeowners at risk for foreclosure , not just Wall Street .
Securities houses do n't want executive salary limits for banks that participate in the rescue .
Credit ...
A test drive
The ACCESS Linux Platform ( ALP ) attracted lots of attention at the most recent LinuxWorld , where it impressed third - party software developers and intrigued mobile Linux enthusiasts .
During the event , I got some hands - on time with the ALP software on functioning prototype boards , and I took the official SDK for a test drive .
ALP leverages many components of the conventional desktop Linux stack , but it also includes some unique proprietary components developed by ACCESS .
The underlying core of the operating system is built on top of a 2.6.14 Linux kernel that has been customized to reduce memory footprint , decrease boot time , and use power more efficiently .
The ALP userspace is closely aligned with the GNOME Mobile and Embedded ecosystem ; it uses the Matchbox window manager and a modified version of the GTK + toolkit .
The platform also provides an open source middleware layer called Hiker that contains simple APIs for interfacing with the system 's underlying services , including management frameworks for notifications , application launching , global settings , alarms , events , and interprocess communication .
In addition to using GTK + for native applications , ALP also supports Java and has an integrated Garnet emulator for running legacy Palm software .
For a more lightweight development path , ALP includes a widget framework based on the proprietary NetFront web browser , which will make it possible to create simple ALP programs using HTML and JavaScript .
ACCESS says that its application bundle system will make it possible to deploy , install , and run ALP programs in a consistent way across all of those technologies .
Another big part of the stack is the data storage system , which has lots of different abstraction layers for easy access .
ALP includes SQLFS , which provides a POSIX filesystem interface on top of an embedded SQLite database .
It is currently used as the backend for the ALP global settings system , and it can also be used in individual applications that need structured data storage .
ALP is designed to maximize flexibility so that carriers and handset makers will be able to tailor it to their needs and provide some differentiation at various layers of the stack .
Another major design consideration was the need to provide strong support for a multitude of form factors and handset designs .
ACCESS says that ALP is well - suited for low - end feature phones , business - oriented smartphones , and rich multimedia devices .
In the future , it could also be used for set - top boxes , car navigation systems , and a multitude of other devices .
I tested two different flavors of ALP on experimental prototype boards , and , though I encountered a few bugs while testing the software , the overall user experience was relatively impressive .
The main ALP user interface clearly has its roots in Palm design philosophy , with a very minimalistic layout that emphasizes ease of use and consistency rather than innovation .
It does n't break any new ground , but it is highly functional .
An ACCESS employee walked me through some of the PIM software and I mostly liked what I saw .
I also tested a modified version of ALP that was designed for MID - like devices .
It had some additional aesthetic embellishments and a richer user interface that emphasized multimedia functionality .
The differences between the two flavors of the platform were a pretty convincing demonstration that ALP can be used across very different kinds of devices .
I tested a technical preview of the ALP SDK at LinuxWorld , and then I later attempted to install it in a virtualized Ubuntu environment on my Linux desktop computer at home .
The SDK is distributed as a tarball containing DEB packages that are intended for use on Ubuntu .
One might be inclined to assume that it will work right out of the box on Ubuntu , since Ubuntu packages are the primary vector of distribution for the SDK , but that 's just wishful thinking .
I ran into several snags and it took me most of an afternoon to get it all running .
I do n't recommend trying it at this point unless you really know what you are doing .
I had to use a few different work - arounds , but I eventually got most of the pieces working .
Sen .
John McCain and his campaign surrogates have been making a lot of his military experience lately , hoping to convince Americans that one man ’s military record versus another ’s lack of one should determine who would be the best president .
The idea the McCain campaign is pushing is that his service in the Navy and his heroic behavior as a prisoner of war especially qualify him for the Oval Office and , more narrowly , to be commander in chief .
But it does n’t .
I believe McCain is up to the requirements of the office , but his military service by itself no more qualifies him than John Kerry ’s service or mine or anyone else ’s .
Nor is the opposite true : that Barack Obama ’s lack of military service makes him less worthy of being president and commander in chief .
I should make it clear that I ’m supporting Obama in this election .
The more McCain ’s supporters talk about his warrior nature , the more I worry about what he might do as president .
In America , we want our warriors serving in the military , not serving as the civilian leader .
Instead of merely trumpeting McCain ’s service and using his former POW status as an all - purpose defense against criticism , his campaign could be telling voters what it means to bring military experience into public service .
Because it ’s what McCain did after the Vietnam War , what he learned from those years and how he applied it , that makes him fit to be president .
What would that campaign highlight ?
Here are some possibilities :
America has never had a president who spent time in any prison , let alone a prison where physical abuse and humiliation were the rule .
McCain has carried that experience into the public debates about torture .
He has spoken about how his treatment taught him what it feels like to be powerless and under the control of others who determined how much and when he ate , how much and where he slept , and whether he would live or die .
He knows that to allow American personnel to torture prisoners is wrong , and that it puts our own military personnel at risk of the same treatment .
In McCain , America would get a president whose convictions about the cost of war allowed him to take risks in pursuit of diplomacy and bipartisan foreign policy .
In the early 1990s , he was one of the leaders in the effort to get a peace agreement in Cambodia and to resolve the issue of POWs and MIAs in Southeast Asia .
The direct and indirect results , in Cambodia , have been that hundreds of thousands of refugees left camps in Thailand to return home , the Khmer Rouge lost power and democratic elections have been held there several times .
In Vietnam , diplomacy established a road map to normalization that enabled us to end Trading With the Enemy Act restrictions , send a former American POW back to Vietnam as our first ambassador in 25 years , enact a bilateral trade agreement and achieve a great foreign policy success at the site of our worst foreign policy mistake .
All of which shows that McCain learned that real men should sometimes seek a diplomatic solution before our servicemen and women are asked to go in harm ’s way .
He knows the best war is the one we never have to fight because we have been wise enough , persistent enough and brave enough to be patient .
After his return from Vietnam and before he was elected to Congress , Capt .
John McCain was a Navy liaison to Capitol Hill .
In the Senate , he has served for 20 years on the Armed Services Committee , where he has demonstrated a willingness to stand up to defense contractors who are ( perhaps understandably ) more concerned with winning a contract than with what our soldiers , sailors , Marines and Air Force and Coast Guard personnel actually need .
So , America would get a president who knows how Washington works , why it does n’t and what must be done to make certain our servicemen and women get the best gear and the right kind of support .
Lastly , McCain is a member of a distinguished military family .
Accordingly , he knows that responsibility cannot be delegated .
He ’ll give the military credit if it succeeds , and will shoulder the burden of failure if it does not .
John McCain ’s military service was exemplary .
His survival was heroic .
His sense of duty is worthy of emulation .
But if that was all there was to the man , it would n’t be enough to trust him with the power of the presidency .
Bob Kerrey is president of the New School in New York City and served on the 9/11 commission .
He is a former Nebraska governor and U.S. senator , and he was a Navy SEAL in Vietnam from 1966 to 1969 .
NuScale Power and Hyperion Power Generation – Nuclear Power Systems That Are Not " Extra Large "
July 31st , 2008 by Rod Adams
One of Al Gore ’s frequently used sound bites to explain his skepticism about the potential for nuclear power to address energy and climate change challenges is that the plants come in only one size – “ extra large ” .
The last time I heard him say those words was during an interview by Katie Couric just a couple of weeks ago .
Web denizens , Navy submariners , former Army Nukes , and others have always recognized that the former Vice President ’s comment does not provide a full picture of the possibilities .
While it is certainly true that vendors like GE , Areva , Rosatom , Siemens , and Mitsubishi have chosen to limit their model line - up to the very largest plants , the technical fact is that nuclear reactors have always been available in multiple sizes ranging from petite to XXL .
Aside : Toshiba – the majority owner of Westinghouse – is unique among the major vendors for its range of models from the 10 MWe 4S , to its participation in the 165 MWe PBMR , to its support for the international 335 MWe IRIS to its large AP - 1000 and ABWR . )
I am an advocate of the idea of building much smaller nuclear plants than traditionally built by the major suppliers .
Their choices have been justified by an adherence to “ the economy of scale ” , but I believe in the economies of mass production .
By building small machines , one can do the same task repeatedly , gaining learning and achieving efficiencies that are not possible in a construction process that builds one machine at a time in a process that takes five – eight years to complete .
The idea of modular reactors is catching on .
In the past two years , two start - up companies , Hyperion Power Generation and NuScale Power have received venture funding for projects aimed at much different markets and economics than those eyed by the established vendors .
Hyperion ’s basic unit is described as 25 MWe with the heat source unit sized so that it can be transported intact on a ship , truck or train .
According to the company ’s web site , the modules will be approximately the size of a “ hot tub ” with a diameter of just 1.5 meters .
The system uses technology that was originally developed at Los Alamos National Laboratories and licensed by the company for commercial development .
According to the company web site , the heat source has no moving parts and can be delivered from the factory in a sealed unit that does not need any on - site access .
The company claims that the waste volume produced during five years of operation is approximately the size of a softball .
( Note : I am skeptical about this particular claim .
It does not match with my knowledge of nuclear engineering , but I am willing to be corrected . )
NuScale Power has developed a natural circulation light water reactor with a nuclear steam supply system that is in a 60 ′ by 15 ′ cylinder .
It is designed to be prefabricated and shipped by rail , truck or barge .
It is small enough so that NuScale will not have to wait in the Japan Steel Works pressure vessel line – there are plenty of manufacturers in the world that can produce that size of pressure vessel .
The natural circulation cooling means that the heat supply system does not need pumps , pipes or auxiliary equipment .
It also does not need a backup power supply .
The system grew out of a DOE funded effort at Oregon State University ( OSU ) ( corrected from initial post ) called MASLWR ( Multi- Application Light Water Reactor ) that was developed to enable smaller markets to gain access to the benefits of nuclear fission energy – zero emissions , independence from fossil fuels , greater reliability , and increased levels of technical employment .
After the initial federal research grants ended and OSU published its results in 2003 , the University continued funding the research and made continued improvements and refinements to the design .
Several patents were filed in November 2007 and the company received its initial round of venture funding in January 2008 .
NuScale ’s employee roster is full of OSU graduates .
It is also teaming with Kiewit a well established architect engineering firm with a history that dates back to before the depression .
One interesting factoid – Peter Kiewit Sons’ Construction Company was the prime contractor for the construction of SM - 1A , a 4 MWe nuclear plant at Fort Greely Alaska for the US Army .
That contract was awarded in April , 1958 .
NuScale Power made a series of presentations to the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission on July 24 , 2008 .
PDF versions of these presentations are available from the company home page .
The handout materials include an introduction to the company , an overview of the design , a discussion of the licensing approach , identification of pre-application discussion topics and a brief about some of the legal issues associated with the plant licenses .
Both NuScale and Hyperion have successfully made the case to private investors that small nuclear plants offer something to the world market that does not currently exist – an emissions free , reliable replacement for diesel generators , small coal fired steam plants , and combustion gas turbines .
In the markets where these companies plan to compete , power prices are often in excess of 25 cents ( US dollar cents ) per kilowatt - hour .
In most of the target markets , oil is the main source of electrical power , which makes entire economies dependent on the global market price fluctuations in the petroleum market .
Wind , solar or biomass systems are often not an option due to land availability , weather patterns or food production needs .
Disclosure : I am the founder of Adams Atomic Engines , Inc. a company that has been seeking to build small , simple nuclear plants since its inception in 1993 .
I also publish Atomic Insights and produce The Atomic Show Podcast .
Image credit Courtesy of NuScale all rights reserved .
Corrected copy :
When this was first published , I mistakenly credited the wrong university with the NuScale system development .
The work was done at Oregon State University , not the University of Oregon .
Related articles
75 % of Greens OK with Nuclear Power
Oil ’s Use in Electrical Power
In the US Largely Replaced by Nuclear
Texas Going Nuclear to Fight Climate Change ?
Devil ’s Advocate : 10 Green Arguments for Nuclear Power
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
A Wednesday attack that killed three Western aid workers in Afghanistan raises concerns that the Taliban is attempting to force the expulsion of all foreign humanitarian workers from the troubled country .
" This was the worst attack in many years and is a major escalation of hostilities , " says Sayed Rahim Satar , vice chairman of the Afghan NGO Coordinating Bureau .
The assault signals a shift in the Taliban 's strategy toward a policy of direct confrontation with nongovernmental organizations ( NGOs ) , says Waliullah Rahmani of the Kabul Center for Strategic Studies .
" This appears to be the beginning of a new approach , " he says , " to surround Kabul and eliminate any foreign or government presence in the area . "
Gunmen ambushed a vehicle carrying British - Canadian Jacqueline Kirk , Canadian Shirley Case , Trinidadian - American Nicole Dial , and Afghan employees of the International Rescue Committee ( IRC ) , a New York - based NGO , in Logar , a province adjacent to Kabul .
The aid workers , who had been helping to establish schools and train teachers in the region , were traveling back from outer provinces to Kabul when the incident occurred .
The Taliban claimed that the women were spies .
Spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid told the Associated Press that they " were not working for the interests of Afghanistan . "
In response to the killings , the IRC suspended its operations after more than 20 years of work in the country .
Now , aid organizations are warning that if aid workers go , badly needed social services will dry up and cripple the Afghan government , strengthening the Taliban 's position .
19 aid workers killed this year
The assault comes during a year of rising violence in general and against aid groups in particular .
Three members of the US - led coalition were killed Thursday by an explosion targeting international troops , said the US - led coalition , which did not immediately release any details .
Nineteen aid workers have been killed this year , a figure that already exceeds the number of aid workers killed in 2007 , according to the Agency Coordinating Body for Afghan Relief ( ACBAR ) , an umbrella group of various Afghan NGOs .
ACBAR reports that NGOs have been attacked 84 times this year and 21 times in July alone .
In April , the Afghan NGO Safety Office reported that attacks against aid organizations jumped nearly fivefold compared with 2007 .
Insurgents regularly intimidate NGO employees and obstruct their work , accusing foreigners of being spies and aiding the central government .
Humanitarian work in some regions of the country is extremely dangerous , and many agencies have curtailed their activities in these areas .
However , until this year , there were relatively few high - profile attacks against NGOs .
In 2003 , Taliban fighters ambushed a convoy of the International Committee of the Red Cross and murdered one foreign aid worker in the southern province of Uruzgan .
The incident sparked the evacuation of many NGOs from the restive southern provinces to Kabul .
Last year , the Taliban abducted nearly 20 South Korean missionaries and murdered two of them before releasing the rest for a large ransom .
In January , insurgents kidnapped an American NGO worker , who is officially listed as missing although authorities fear that she is dead .
But despite such incidents , insurgents have largely avoided large - scale attacks against the foreign aid workers .
Taliban strategy : encircle Kabul
This spring , the Taliban announced that encircling Kabul would be its main strategic objective in 2008 .
The number of insurgent - initiated attacks in the provinces bordering Kabul jumped by 50 percent this year , according to data from the Vigilant Strategic Services of Afghanistan , a security analyst firm .
The Taliban , a ragtag force that often employs crude methods and weaponry , is usually no match for Coalition forces .
In recent months , militants switched to soft targets and masterminded a series of high - profile assaults , starting with a raid on a luxury hotel in Kabul in January .
" The Taliban know that they can gain a lot from high - profile attacks against the aid organizations and other noncombatants , " Mr. Rahmani says .
" A simple ambush like this gets the whole world talking , more than any drawn out military battle with Coalition forces " could .
NGOs ' key role
Afghanistan 's weak central government and lack of infrastructure means that NGOs are one of the main providers of social services such healthcare , education , and development .
By striking at aid organizations , insurgents hope to exploit the government 's inability to stand on its own .
" This is very dangerous for Afghanistan , " says Rahmani .
" Aid agencies have an important role in strengthening the Afghan state and improving its public image .
But without such agencies , the government becomes very weak , unable to provide basic services for its people – a situation that the Taliban will exploit readily . "
As instability and violence spread north from Kandahar and Helmand to the areas around Kabul , aid agencies may be pushed farther north .
With the central government 's presence already minimal in some of the districts just south of Kabul – a recent US intelligence estimate declared that the national government controls only about 30 percent of the country – the Taliban will be left to fill the vacuum .
For many in the aid community , Wednesday 's attacks came as a painful reminder that security is and will be for some time the primary concern of humanitarian agencies .
" I think things are going to only get worse , especially with the [ 2009 Afghan presidential ] elections coming up , " says an employee at a prominent international NGO who spoke on condition of anonymity .
" In order for us to operate , the local communities must guarantee our safety , " says the employee .
" If not , aid work becomes very difficult . "
Time for a caption contest !
Anyone ?
I ’m finally home with high speed internet , and able to post the photos from my little trek through Wasilla and the Mat - Su Valley this weekend .
First a big hat - tip to my spouse who chauffeured me around Wasilla for two hours this afternoon and obeying dutifully every time I yelled “ STOP ! ! ”
I tried to capture the spirit of what makes the Valley unique , so I did n’t photograph Home Depot , or Walmart , or Lowe’s .
There were some interesting signs of Palin around .
And I ran into a friend who was sporting a McCain – Palin t- shirt .
I said , “ So you ’re a fan ? ” and she said , “ I LOVE Sarah !
She ’s my hero .
I just need to get some duct tape to stick over the McCain part . ”
A new and interesting perspective .
There are lots of them .
I have good friends and family who live in Wasilla and other parts of the Valley .
The Valley is quirky , occasionally scary , often funny , and sometimes just downright unexplainable .
Anyone from the area will recognize many , if not all of the places I photographed .
All the Wasilla photos were taken on main roads .
Click on the photo to get a caption .
I hope you enjoy your virtual Alaskan safari through the Valley , where Sarah Palin has lived and was raised since infancy .
This is her world folks , and her executive experience before she became Governor in 2006 .
Buckle up .
Use the photos as you will but please credit https://mudflats.wordpress.com if you do .
Thanks .
Enjoy !
And Wasilla City Hall as seen on CNN .
Hat tip to the Ragin ’ Cajun and Mad Skillz .
More press releases
For Immediate Release , September 17 , 2008 Contact : Kieran Suckling , Center for Biological Diversity , ( 520 ) 275-5960 Alaska Governor Sarah Palin Wins 2008 Rubber Dodo Award Palin Has Sought to Remove Endangered Species Act Protection for the Polar Bear , Suppressed and Lied About State Global Warming Studies , and Denied That Global Warming Is Caused by Greenhouse Gas Emissions TUCSON , Ariz . —
The Center for Biological Diversity today awarded Alaska Governor Sarah Palin the 2008 Rubber Dodo Award .
Last year ’s award , which inaugurated the prize , went to Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne for setting a new record in refusing to add imperiled plants and animals to the endangered species list .
This year ’s award goes to Governor Palin for fighting Kempthorne ’s designation of the polar bear as a threatened species .
The 2008 Rubber Dodo Award goes to Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
( For a high - resolution version of this image , click here . )
“ Governor Palin has waged a deceptive , dangerous , and costly battle against the polar bear , ” said Kieran Suckling , executive director of the Center for Biological Diversity .
“ Her position on global warming is so extreme , she makes Dick Cheney look like an Al Gore devotee . ”
Palin has waged a deceptive public relations campaign , asserting that the polar bear is increasing .
But many populations ( including Alaska ’s southern Beaufort Sea ) are in decline and two - thirds ( including all Alaska bears ) are projected to disappear by 2050 by the U.S. Geological Survey .
Palin has repeatedly asserted that Alaska Department of Fish and Game scientists found fatal flaws in the sea ice models used by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to determine the polar bear is threatened .
When challenged , Palin refused to release the alleged state review .
Independent scientists eventually obtained a summary through the federal Freedom of Information Act , revealing that Palin had lied :
The state mammalogists concurred with the Fish and Wildlife Service determination that Arctic sea ice is melting at an extraordinary rate and threatens the polar bear with extinction .
“ All global warming deniers are eventually forced to suppress scientific studies , and Palin is no different , ” said Suckling .
“ To maintain her ludicrous opposition to protecting the polar bear in the face of massive scientific consensus , Palin stepped over the line to lie about and suppress government science . ”
Palin has since filed a frivolous lawsuit against the Bush administration to have the threatened listing overturned .
Meanwhile , the U.S. Geological Survey announced on September 16th that the 2008 summertime Arctic sea-ice melt was the second greatest on record , nearly matching the extraordinary melt of 2007 .
“ Palin ’s insistence that Arctic melting is ‘ uncertain ’ is like someone debating the theory of gravity as they plunge off a cliff , ” said Suckling .
“ It ’s hopeless , reckless , and extremely cynical . ”
Background
In 1598 , Dutch sailors landing on the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius discovered a flightless , three - foot - tall , extraordinarily friendly bird .
Its original scientific name was Didus ineptus .
( Contemporary scientists use the less defamatory Raphus cucullatus . )
To the rest of the world , it ’s the dodo — the most famous extinct species on Earth .
It evolved over millions of years with no natural predators and eventually lost the ability to fly , becoming a land - based consumer of fruits , nuts , and berries .
Having never known predators , it showed no fear of humans or the menagerie of animals accompanying them to Mauritius .
Its trusting nature led to its rapid extinction .
By 1681 , the dodo was extinct , having been hunted and out - competed by humans , dogs , cats , rats , macaques , and pigs .
Humans logged its forest cover and pigs uprooted and ate much of the understory vegetation .
The origin of the name dodo is unclear .
It likely came from the Dutch word dodoor , meaning “ sluggard , ” the Portuguese word doudo , meaning “ fool ” or “ crazy , ” or the Dutch word dodaars meaning “ plump - arse ” ( that nation ’s name for the little grebe ) .
The dodo ’s reputation as a foolish , ungainly bird derives in part from its friendly naiveté and the very plump captives that were taken on tour across Europe .
The animal ’s reputation was cemented with the 1865 publication of Lewis Carroll ’s Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .
Based on skeleton reconstructions and the discovery of early drawings , scientists now believe that the dodo was a much sleeker animal than commonly portrayed .
The rotund European exhibitions were accidentally produced by overfeeding captive birds .
The Center for Biological Diversity is a nonprofit conservation organization with more than 180,000 members and online activists dedicated to the protection of endangered species and wild places .
###
World 's glaciers facing huge threat : UN Agence France - Presse
Published : Monday September 1 , 2008
Print This Email This GENEVA ( AFP ) -
The United Nations said Monday that swathes of mountain ranges worldwide risk losing their glaciers by the end of the century if global warming continues at its projected rate .
The UN Environment Programme ( UNEP ) said in a report that whilst nature has always observed a certain periodic rate of deglaciation , the current trends observed from the Arctic to Central Europe and South America are of a different order .
" The ongoing trend of worldwide and rapid , if not accelerating , glacier shrinkage on the century time scale is most likely to be of a non-periodic nature , and may lead to the deglaciation of large parts of many mountain ranges by the end of the 21st century , " the report warned .
The report said that glaciers lost on average a mass of more than half a metre water equivalent in the period 1996 - 2005 , which is twice the ice loss of the previous decade ( 1986 - 95 ) and over four times the rate of the period 1976 - 85 .
The UNEP report comes shortly after scientists warned that they could no longer rule out a fast - track melting of the Greenland icesheet , which could see much of the world 's coastline drowned by rising seas .
Earlier this year , UNEP executive director Achim Steiner said the rate of glacier disappearance made it essential that " everyone sits up and takes notice " .
He said the 2009 climate convention in Copenhagen would provide the true litmus test of governments ' commitment to reducing greenhouse gas emissions , the carbon pollution from fossil fuels damaging Earth 's climate system .
" Otherwise , and like the glaciers , our room for manoeuvre and the opportunity to act may simply melt away , " Steiner warned .
This week , Global HR technology leader CareerBuilder is unveiling an initiative to support Black - owned small businesses , which have been disproportionately impacted by COVID - 19 .
According to a ...
Abortions Occurring Earlier in Pregnancy
and Fewer Teens Obtaining Abortions
The rate of abortion in the United States is at its lowest level since 1974 , having declined 33 % from a peak of 29 abortions per 1,000 women aged 15 – 44 in 1980 to 20 per 1,000 in 2004 .
However , this overall trend masks large disparities in rates of unintended pregnancy and abortion across demographic subgroups , according to Trends in the Characteristics of Women Obtaining Abortions , 1974 to 2004 .
“ The analysis found positive trends , but highlights several issues of concern , ” said Sharon Camp , Guttmacher Institute president and CEO .
“ Many Americans will welcome the news that there are fewer abortions , particularly among teens , and that a larger proportion of abortions are now happening very early in pregnancy .
But at the same time , abortions are becoming more concentrated among women of color and low - income women .
This presents a clear challenge to policymakers to redouble their efforts to improve access to subsidized contraceptive services for these women , thereby helping them to prevent the unintended pregnancies behind these abortions from occurring in the first place . ”
Although abortion rates have declined among all racial and ethnic groups , large disparities persist , with Hispanic and black women obtaining abortions at rates three and five times higher , respectively , than non-Hispanic white women .
Between 1994 and 2004 , the abortion rate for Hispanic women fell by 20 % , from 35 to 28 per 1,000 women aged 15 – 44 .
This was less than the 30 % decline among non-Hispanic white women ( from 15 to 11 per 1,000 ) , but more than the 15 % decline among black women ( from 59 to 50 per 1,000 ) .
These widely varying rates reflect disparities in unintended pregnancy , as well as in access to the most effective contraceptive methods .
“ Behind virtually every abortion is an unintended pregnancy .
And because women of color are much more likely to experience unintended pregnancies than any other group , they are also more likely to seek and obtain abortions , ” said Rachel Jones , Guttmacher Institute senior research associate .
“ Previous Guttmacher research has found that unintended pregnancy and abortion rates are also increasing among poor and low - income women .
Policymakers at the state and federal levels should be asking themselves what can be done to help poor women and women of color prevent unintended pregnancies and achieve better health outcomes more generally . ”
The study also looked at trends in abortion by various other characteristics , including age , gestation and motherhood .
As compared with 1973 , the typical woman obtaining an abortion today is older , more likely to have children , less likely to be married and more likely to be nonwhite .
Prior Guttmacher research has also documented that most women obtaining abortions are poor or low - income .
Among the report ’s key findings :
Age :
Over the past three decades , the proportion of abortions obtained by teens has dropped steadily , from 33 % in 1974 to 25 % in 1989 to 17 % in 2004 .
In 2004 , more than half of all abortions ( 57 % ) were obtained by women in their twenties .
Teen abortion rates have also declined — by more than 50 % — from 42 per 1,000 women aged 15 ¬– 19 in 1989 to 20 in 2004 .
A large part of the decline in abortion among teens — which began long before abstinence - only sex education programs began receiving federal funding — is attributable to increased use of contraceptives and use of more effective methods .
Over the past three decades , the proportion of abortions obtained by teens has dropped steadily , from 33 % in 1974 to 25 % in 1989 to 17 % in 2004 .
In 2004 , more than half of all abortions ( 57 % ) were obtained by women in their twenties .
Teen abortion rates have also declined — by more than 50 % — from 42 per 1,000 women aged 15 ¬– 19 in 1989 to 20 in 2004 .
A large part of the decline in abortion among teens — which began long before abstinence - only sex education programs began receiving federal funding — is attributable to increased use of contraceptives and use of more effective methods .
Gestation : Overall , trends in second - trimester abortions ( those occurring after 12 weeks ) have changed little , notwithstanding improved technology and increasing state restrictions .
The majority ( 89 % ) of U.S. abortions occur during the first trimester , and the proportion of very early abortions ( those at seven weeks or earlier , when the procedure is safest ) has increased substantially , from 16 % in 1994 to 28 % in 2004 .
The continuing shift to earlier abortions most likely reflects increased availability and use of home pregnancy detection kits , greater availability of early surgical procedures and increasing use of medication abortion .
Overall , trends in second - trimester abortions ( those occurring after 12 weeks ) have changed little , notwithstanding improved technology and increasing state restrictions .
The majority ( 89 % ) of U.S. abortions occur during the first trimester , and the proportion of very early abortions ( those at seven weeks or earlier , when the procedure is safest ) has increased substantially , from 16 % in 1994 to 28 % in 2004 .
The continuing shift to earlier abortions most likely reflects increased availability and use of home pregnancy detection kits , greater availability of early surgical procedures and increasing use of medication abortion .
Motherhood :
In 2004 , 60 % of women having abortions already had children , up from 50 % in 1989 and 46 % in 1974 .
Part of the reason for this shift is that fewer teenagers and young women are having abortions than did in previous years .
Previous Guttmacher analysis has found that women who are already mothers cite responsibility for their children and families as one of the primary reasons for obtaining an abortion .
Trends in the Characteristics of Women Obtaining Abortions , 1974 to 2004 , by Stanley Henshaw and Kathryn Kost , also includes detailed state tables , including trends in the number and rate of abortions by state of occurrence and state of residence , and trends in the number of abortion providers by state .
Click here for an extended version of the report with additional supplementary tables .
A little ( very little ) more history .
I spent more time at Atari waiting for assemblies to finish than you ’d probably believe .
I mean , assembly language ; how hard can it be ?
Yet the Assembler / Editor cartridge was famous for its lack of speed , the cross-assemblers on the MV / 8000 could take 45 minutes to crunch through 16 K of output during loaded hours , and even the CoinOp assemblers on the Vaxes were not remarkably fast .
My roommate and I found the Synapse Assembler on the 800 to be incredibly fast .
It would process 8 K of output in just a few seconds .
Combined with a 128K RAMDisk , and a parallel cable to a slave Atari 800 and a debugger , you could turn around a piece of code in a couple of quick keystrokes .
I wrote a ( very ) tiny Emacs patch for the SynAssembler , and for a few months we were in fast turnaround heaven .
It almost does n’t matter what language you ’re working in if the turnaround time is quick enough .
I started writing assemblers as a hobby .
I hated the slow tools we had and really wanted something better .
Pre-tokenization sped things up a lot .
I got some other people to actually use my second or third efforts at “ really fast ” assemblers , and got some good feedback ( e.g. , when I added a listings output feature , people started taking the assemblers seriously — there ’s something about hexadecimal numbers on 132 - column fan - fold paper that gives assembly programmers a warm fuzzy feeling ) .
Things ( like the company nearly going belly - up , and the cessation of 6502 - based development pretty much everywhere at Atari ) intervened , and I did n’t return to that hobby for a couple of years .
The 68000 assembler we used for the Atari ST was really intended to be used as a back - end to a C compiler .
It had very few creature comforts ; no macros , no includes , no real listings mode or cross-reference generation .
Writing assembly in it was moderately painful ; doable , but not fun .
It was also not very fast .
So I got pissed off at it and wrote MadMac. Mission # 1 , be a decent tool for writing assembly ( macros , etc. ) because we were still writing at that level a lot in those days .
Mission # 2 , be fast .
So MadMac uses some smart buffering ( it tries hard not to copy a string out of the disk buffer unless it has to ) , uses DFAs to recognize keywords , boils input text down to easily processed tokens as early as possible , and so on .
I ’m sure it could be faster ( just as I ’m sure there ’s plenty of too - complex premature optimization ) , but it was pretty good for its time ( I remember measuring it at 50,000 lines / minute on an 8 Mhz 68000 , but it ’s possibly my memory is exaggerating things ) .
But MadMac has a 6502 mode .
WTF ?
Who ever heard of an assembler doing both 68000 and 6502 code generation ?
Around the time I was finishing - up MadMac , unbeknownst to the ST software group another group had hired a contractor to do some work on a new development system ; I think it was for the 7800 console , but it might have been another project .
Some 6502 - based thing , anyway .
I noticed this guy ’s printouts in the machine room and could n’t resist leafing through them ; he had finished the design of a pretty vanilla 6502 assembler and was starting to write code .
His partially completed work included pretty much all the stuff that I ’d already done in MadMac , but his stuff was n’t as good ( his assembler was going to be slow , and he ’d made some bad compromises in functionality — no macros or listings , for instance ) .
I got mad that we were paying someone for months of work that I could a better job of in like a week .
So MadMac got a 6502 mode , I cost a contractor his job , and I guess it saved Jack Tramiel some thousands of dollars .
Later I heard that the people using MadMac were mostly using it for 6502 development , and that they loved it .
—-
Today , for the most part you can just hack away in Java or C# or C/C+ + and not worry about the underpinnings of things , but when it comes to the performance - sensitive bottlenecks of modern systems , out come the assemblers .
For a “ real ” OS there ’s always more of it than you think , and for modern systems things can get pretty complex .
We had a decent macro-assembler for the Apple Newton that made the kernel development tons easier , and I ’ve seen other systems since then that have more assembly language than you ’d expect .
Assembly is still relevant and it makes sense to have decent tools at the bottom .
[ I get a chuckle out of people questioning whether C is still relevant . . . little do they know … ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US President George W Bush has warned the US economy is at a " critical moment " , and vowed to get his Wall Street rescue plan through Congress .
He said the consequences would be " painful and lasting " if the $ 700 bn ( £ 380 bn ) deal rejected by the US House of Representatives was not passed .
He offered reassurances to citizens of the US and wider world that the current political deadlock would be resolved .
The US Senate has announced it will vote on the plan on Wednesday evening .
The Dow Jones index closed up 4.7 % on Tuesday , recouping some losses from Monday 's rout , after the markets reacted favourably to the president 's statement .
European stocks bounced up and down , while most Asian markets finished the day down .
The European Union earlier urged Washington to act and solve the credit crisis , amid fears America was lurching towards a financial crisis unmatched since the 1930s Great Depression .
' Not the end ' Mr Bush said at the White House : " We are in an urgent situation and the consequences will grow worse each day if we do not act . "
The economy was depending on " decisive action on the part of our government " , he added .
We 're facing a choice between action and the real prospect of economic hardship for millions of Americans
President Bush
Where votes went in the bill Q&A : US $ 700 bn rescue plan World reacts to US bail - out rejection
He said he wanted to " assure our citizens and citizens around the world that this is not the end of the legislative process " .
" Our country is not facing a choice between government action and the smooth functioning of the free market , " he said .
" We 're facing a choice between action and the real prospect of economic hardship for millions of Americans , " he warned .
Republican presidential contender John McCain said he was disappointed at the " lack of resolve " shown by both parties in the US House of Representatives .
" The whole spectrum of Main Street America 's economy is going to be jeopardised unless we pass this legislation .
And we did n't do a good enough job selling it , " Mr McCain told US television .
Markets in New York and around the world are having a rough ride
He said he had called Mr Bush on Tuesday , as did his Democratic rival , Barack Obama .
The White House described Mr Bush 's conversations with the two presidential candidates as " very constructive " .
Mr Obama told a rally of voters in Reno , Nevada : " We must act and act now .
We can't have another day like yesterday . "
The BBC's Jamie Coomarasamy in Washington says both the president and the two men who hope to succeed him in January are under pressure to show leadership amid the partisan bickering which has followed the bill 's failure .
Blame claims
The rivals back the rescue plan , although each has accused the other of contributing towards its collapse .
Republicans and Democrats in Congress are blaming each other over the failed bill , which was rejected by 228 to 205 votes in the House of Representatives on Monday .
Some 133 Republicans and 95 Democrats refused to back the rescue package in a tense vote on the House floor .
On Tuesday , the two leading Democrats in Congress , Senator Harry Reid and House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi , wrote to President Bush saying they expected a bipartisan rescue plan to soon be approved .
" Working together , we are confident we will pass a responsible bill in the very near future , " they said .
HAVE YOUR SAY I know we need a strong financial sector , but where is the talk of structural change that 's going to prevent recurrence ?
Neil , California , US The House is not due to meet again until Thursday as many members have gone home for a Jewish holiday .
For the second time in as many days on Tuesday , Western European governments stepped in to prop up an ailing financial institution .
The French and Belgian governments rescued the Franco - Belgian financial services group , Dexia , with a package totalling more than $ 9bn ( £ 5 bn ) .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Well , sorta .
When asked by CBS ' Harry Smith if she 'd like her ( openly lesbian ) daughter to have the right to marry , Cheney said , " I would wish my daughter to have happiness and freedom to make her own choices .
The Vice President said in the debate with Joe Lieberman ever so long ago in 2000 that freedom in this country ought to mean freedom for everyone . "
The No On 8 people need to immediately begin hounding the Cheneys for an endorsement .
Labels : " celibacy " , Lynne Cheney , marriage equality , Proposition 8
The Miliband affair has turned the spotlight and pressure back on Gordon Brown to show that he can revive the Labour brand and rebuff the Tory challenge .
But what can
No 10 actually do between now and the prime minister 's party conference speech in Manchester on September 23 ?
Fairness is the theme which insiders emphasise , the urgent need to reassure voters struggling with higher food , fuel and housing costs that " we 're on your side " .
But their scope for action is constrained in all directions outside their immediate control .
Take the proposed " economic plan " .
Alistair Darling is being urged by respectable folk , including the Tory - led Commons business committee , to consider a windfall tax on the big energy generators who have done pretty well lately , with the tax revenue ringfenced to help poorer consumers get a fairer tariff than the current pre-metered rip - off , and help with energy saving , too .
But energy costs are already rising , 35 % for British Gas customers only yesterday .
Perhaps average consumers should pay a higher " social tariff " to help the poor instead .
The chancellor , who wants the industry to re-invest its profits in developing new supplies , is cautious .
So he is on many other helpful suggestions , after the past year 's buffeting he has endured from the City , small business and No 10 .
All push him in opposite directions .
Higher taxes or lower taxes ?
And for whom ?
Only the other day ex-minister Chris Leslie suggested a 10 p in the £ " community levy " on incomes above £ 250,000 , plus that energy windfall tax and a surcharge on those bankers who have ruined the economy , to fund lower council tax and other goodies .
A very different tack was offered yesterday .
The Mirless review on taxation suggested scrapping zero and 5 % rates of VAT , on energy , kids ' clothes , and other " blunt instruments " designed to help the poor .
If even half the £ 23 bn saved was used to help them more effectively it could boost the poorest 30 % .
But imagine the fuss !
It is the same with housing .
This week 's Crosby report on how to revive the mortgage market decided state intervention would be risky and - if it propped up dirty lending habits - unwise .
On energy and the mortgage market Whitehall 's policy wonks will have to come up with something by mid-September , as they will to mitigate the impact of higher car tax on older , polluting vehicles .
If ministers want to demonstrate renewed commitment to fairness they will want to revitalise the equality agenda too .
Did someone mention a cabinet reshuffle as part of the September package ?
Maybe , but polls suggest that new policies will impress voters more than old - new faces .
Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results .
Albert Einstein
Like John , economics are just not my forte .
I took it at University , got decent ( though not great ) grades and found the whole subject stultifyingly boring .
Part of my disinterest had to be due to the fact that I took my economics classes in the 80s ( the " greed is good " era ) by a bunch of Chicago School - types who carried dog-eared copies of Rand with them everywhere they went .
Their whole economic outlook struck me as so fundamentally selfish and unfair that I had a hard time believing that anyone who was n't a multi-millionaire or CEO would buy into it .
Truly , one only needs travel to from countries with huge income disparities to ones with socialized democracies with market restrictions to see that the exalted " Free Market " and trickle - down policies have never , EVER worked anywhere but in theory .
But despite my tendency to glaze over at the discussion of economic issues , I do have a great deal of common sense .
And right now , that sense is tingling all over that this country is just staving off market collapse for another few months with the talk of bailouts .
Not that I 'm opposed to bailouts in general ; I recognize that the alternative would be disastrous .
But to hand Henry Paulson -- the man who either did n't see or did n't care to deal with this financial crisis ( which we predicted more than a year ago ) ahead of time -- a blank check and demand no accounting , no transparency , nothing ... is literally economic insanity -- doing the same thing that got us in trouble the first time and hoping for a different result .
Do n't believe me ?
Paulson said today that taking away CEOs ' " golden parachutes " as part of the bailout process was a " poison pill . "
How 's that for fixing the economy ?
Paul Krugman says " No deal . "
And Dean Baker at TPM lists what should be the Progressive conditions for a bailout :
1 ) Combating asset bubbles must be one of the Fed 's key responsibilities .
2 ) The government should impose a modest financial transactions tax , comparable to the one in the United Kingdom .
This can both restrain excessive trading and raise more than $ 100 billion a year in revenue .
3 ) Regulatory agencies should require that potentially tradable assets ( e.g. credit default swaps ) actually be traded on exchanges .
4 ) There should be strict limits on leverage for all regulated financial institutions .
5 ) Fannie and Freddie should remain fully public institutions , returning them to a status comparable to Fannie 's prior to its privatization in 1968 .
6 ) The Fed should be restructured so that all the key decision makers ( e.g. the open market committee ) are appointed by democratically elected officials .
Its responsibility is to manage the economy in the interest of the general public , not the financial sector .
Hear that , Nancy and Harry ?
No more caving ... no more blank checks .
Anything less is insane .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - White House and congressional negotiators have reached a tentative agreement on an anti-terror spy bill that would permit court dismissal of potentially billions of dollars in lawsuits against phone companies , sources familiar with the talks said on Friday .
Under the possible accord , a federal court could immunize a company by ruling it had been given written assurances that its participation in the U.S. government ’s warrantless domestic spying program was legal and authorized by President George W. Bush , one source said .
It was unclear what would happen with suits against the government .
But the government could claim state secrets , arguing information needed to prosecute was confidential and that suits should thus be dropped , the source said .
About 40 civil lawsuits have been filed accusing AT&T Inc. , Verizon Communications Inc. and Sprint Nextel Corp. of violating Americans ’ privacy rights in the surveillance program begun by Bush shortly after the September 11 attacks .
“ This is a terrible deal , ” said Caroline Fredrickson of the American Civil Liberties Union .
“ It ’s just a quick way to dismiss the cases .
They ( phone companies ) just have to show that the president told them to break the law . ”
The White House and Democratic - led Congress have been trying for months to reach an agreement to modernize the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which requires the government receive secret - court approval to conduct surveillance on foreign targets in the United States .
Critics charge Bush violated the law in authorizing warrantless surveillance after the September 11 attacks .
But Bush maintains he had the wartime power to do it .
He later put the program under FISA jurisdiction .
Terms remain secret .
As part of any law to update FISA , Bush has demanded retroactive immunity for any telephone company that participated in his spying program .
But critics , including civil liberties groups , argued it should first be determined what the phone companies did before deciding whether to give them immunity .
Sources said congressional and administration negotiators had reach a tentative agreement and could finalize the deal by early next week , with a vote on passage shortly afterward .
But a congressional leadership aide cautioned : “ Nothing is final .
Things could still change . ”
CQToday , a publication that tracks Congress , first reported on Friday that an agreement in principle had been reached on revamping surveillance rules and dealing with lawsuits against phone companies .
CQ also cautioned past deals have collapsed when negotiators agreed on what a proposed law should do , but disagreed on specific legislative language .
The proposed bill would replace a law that expired early this year that expanded the power of the government to conduct surveillance without wiretaps and keep pace with ever - changing technologies .
Surveillance operations authorized under that law are to end in August .
The new measure is similar to one offered earlier by Sen. Christopher Bond , a Missouri Republican , a source said .
A key difference is that a district court , not the secret FISA court , would decide whether to shield a phone company from a lawsuit .
Dammit I ’m Mad – a poem by Demetri Martin
“ Dammit I ’m mad .
Evil is a deed as I live .
God , am I reviled ?
I rise , my bed on a sun , I melt .
To be not one man emanating is sad .
I piss .
Alas , it is so late .
Who stops to help ?
Man , it is hot .
I ’m in it .
I tell .
I am not a devil .
I level “ Mad Dog ” .
Ah , say burning is , as a deified gulp ,
In my halo of a mired rum tin .
I erase many men .
Oh , to be man , a sin .
Is evil in a clam ?
In a trap ?
No .
It is open .
On it I was stuck .
Rats peed on hope .
Elsewhere dips a web .
Be still if I fill its ebb .
Ew , a spider … eh ?
We sleep .
Oh no !
Deep , stark cuts saw it in one position .
Part animal , can I live ?
Sin is a name .
Both , one … my names are in it .
Murder ?
I ’m a fool .
A hymn I plug , deified as a sign in ruby ash .
A Goddam level I lived at .
On mail let it in .
I ’m it .
Oh , sit in ample hot spots .
Oh wet !
A loss it is alas ( sip ) .
I ’d assign it a name .
N
ame not one bottle minus an ode by me :
“ Sir , I deliver .
I ’m a dog ”
Evil is a deed as I live .
Dammit I ’m mad .
“ If you read the poem carefully , you will really witness the genius ( or maybe the madness ) of Demetri Martin .
The entire poem is a palindrome .
Brilliant .
I watched a special that he did for the BBC a few years ago , when he was in college he developed a crossword for the student newspaper .
Except he was n’t content with a standard up / down crossword , it was one that went up / down / backwards … a 3D crossword .
As I said .
Mad .
( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama said Tuesday that the country is facing the " most serious financial crisis in generations " and argued that rival Sen.
John McCain would only make it worse .
" I certainly do n't fault Sen. McCain for all of the problems we 're facing , but I do fault the economic philosophy he subscribes to , " Obama said in Golden , Colorado .
Obama said what 's happened in the past few days is " nothing less than the final verdict on an economic philosophy that has completely failed . "
On Monday , Lehman Brothers -- the 158 - year - old Wall Street giant -- filed for bankruptcy protection , and 94 - year - old Merrill Lynch sold itself to Bank of America .
Both developments sent shock waves through Wall Street .
While Obama was slamming McCain 's economic policies , the senator from Arizona campaigned in Tampa , Florida , where he promised to " change the way Washington does business . "
" We 're going to put an end to the reckless conduct , corruption and unbridled greed that has caused a crisis on Wall Street , " McCain said .
Obama on Tuesday again blasted McCain for saying that the " the fundamentals of the American economy are strong . "
McCain made the comments Monday but later tried to clarify them .
On Tuesday , he told CNN's " American Morning " that he meant American workers are " the fundamental strength " of the U.S. economy and that the country will rebound with their help .
" What I obviously was saying , and I believe , is the American workers , the most productive and the most innovative -- they are the fundamentals of our economy and the strength of it and the reason why we will rebound , " he said .
Watch McCain talk about his economic plan »
Obama said Tuesday that McCain 's campaign " sent him back out to clean up his remarks ... but we know that Sen. McCain meant what he said the first time . "
Obama then went into detail about what he sees as the differences between his plan and McCain 's economic policy , listing times when he said he took action and he said McCain did not .
" Make no mistake : My opponent is running for four more years of policies that will throw the economy further out of balance , " he said .
The McCain campaign said Obama 's comments showed no respect for American workers .
" Aside from inflating his own resume , Barack Obama offered nothing new except for sharp criticisms of the most fundamental elements of the American economy and pessimism about genuine efforts to restore our country 's prosperity , " spokesman Tucker Bounds said .
" More important than understanding that raising taxes on small businesses during a struggling economy is a bad idea , is respecting the strength of American workers and ingenuity -- sadly Barack Obama demonstrates neither . "
As part of his proposal to get out of the economic crisis , Obama said he is proposing a $ 50 billion Emergency Economic Plan to " jump - start job creation . "
Obama said the plan would save 1 million jobs by rebuilding infrastructure and repairing schools , among other things .
Watch how the economic crisis is playing out in the campaign »
The senator from Illinois said the country also must continue to address the housing crisis and build a " 21st - century regulatory framework . "
Obama vowed to " get serious " about regulatory oversight .
" If you 're a financial institution that can borrow from the government , you should be subject to government oversight and supervision , " he said .
Obama said the United States needs leadership to get the country out of its financial problems .
" I 'll provide it , John McCain wo n't , and that 's the choice for the American people in this election , " he said .
But Jeffrey Sachs , a renowned economist and special adviser to the U.N. secretary - general , said neither candidate will be able to stop continued financial woes in the near future .
" I think right now that this is a recession that 's going to happen , " he said .
" I do n't see anybody being able to stop that giant wave .
The question is how we get out if it . "
Sachs said he thinks Obama 's plan is " closer " to being on target , with his calls for regulation .
McCain also has started talking about increased regulation , but Sachs said McCain has " reinvented himself in the last 24 hours " with such talk .
All About National Economy • Barack Obama • John McCain
This is the tale of two namesake buildings .
One is the sprawling army hospital , where thousands of wounded soldiers returning from war zones go to receive medical care .
The other is a 2,100 - student middle school in North Hollywood , Calif. , part of the vast Los Angeles Unified School District .
Both carry the name Walter Reed , but only one got prime - time exposure during Senator John McCain ’s speech at the Republican National Convention Thursday night .
Can you guess which one ?
It turned out to be a banner night for the Southern California junior high , known for its gifted and talented program .
A photograph of the school appeared for several minutes on the giant video screen behind Senator McCain as he delivered one of the most important speeches of his career .
Its lawn provided a glaring green backdrop that did n’t exactly flatter Mr. McCain when the screen turned a bright green without any buildings in the background — at least to television viewers .
The image made the rounds in the blogosphere overnight and by Friday the consensus on many left - leaning sites was that the the Republicans committed an act of sloppy stagecraft , substituting Walter Reed , the school , for Walter Reed , the medical center .
Not so , according to campaign spokesman Tucker Bounds , who said the campaign intended to showcase “ images of Americana ” during the Arizona senator ’s remarks .
“ The changing image - screen was linked to the American thematics of the speech and the public school was simply part of it , ” Mr. Bounds said , adding that during the speech , Mr. McCain “ called for public education reforms that empower parents and students before bureaucrats and labor unions . ”
Though using an image of the medial center that had been caught up in a controversy over its treatment of Iraq war veterans might have been an unusual choice of a backstory for the campaign , liberal groups lost no time in seizing on the incident to make a political point .
The veterans group , Americans United for Change , announced a press conference outside the Walter Reed Army Medical Center on Saturday “ to remind John McCain where it is ” and to “ call McCain out for turning his back on America ’s veterans . ”
“ It ’s a big mistake , and it ’s something that John McCain should take ownership of , ” said John Heaner , a California Democratic Party operative and the parent of twin daughters who attend Walter Reed .
Mr. Heaner spent part of the day standing outside the school watching as a parade of reporters and television crews descended on campus .
“ I want him to admit the mistake and if it ’s not a mistake , he should apologize for using my child ’s school for partisan purposes , ” he said .
Interest has been so great that principal Donna Tobin was compelled to issue an official statement on school ’s Web site .
“ It has been brought to the school ’s attention that a picture of the front of our school , Walter Reed Middle School , was used as a backdrop at the Republican National Convention , ” Ms. Tobin wrote .
“ Permission to use the front of our school for the Republican National Convention was not given by our school nor is the use of our school ’s picture an endorsement of any political party or view . ”
( And just for emphasis , she glossed the word “ not ” in bold type . )
It ’s not the first time the school has landed in the national spotlight .
Walter Reed ’s honors program was the inspiration for the television series “ Head of the Class , ” and the campus has been used as a set for other films and TV shows .
Despite the campaign ’s explanation , Mr. Heaner said he remained convinced that Thursday night ’s spectacle was a “ gaffe of the first order . ”
And he noted that it was an inauspicious start to a school year that brought the promise of spelling and geography bees , but he hoped , no more political drama .
An apology , Mr. Heaner repeated , was in order .
“ Have John McCain call my daughters and they can work it out , ” he said .
In Government We Trust ?
by Ron Paul by Ron Paul
DIGG THIS
Many who agree with me on a lot of other issues do not understand my enthusiasm for gold and sound money or why I spend so much time studying and talking about monetary policy .
It ’s true that I talk about money differently than most , but the fact is sound money offers many benefits .
For example — peace .
Can sound money really bring about peace ?
Actually , it plays a big part in peaceful international relationships .
Money based on commodities , rather than paper , is not subject to government manipulation , and is a key component to free and honest trade .
History shows that if countries engage in trade with each other , their governments tend to find ways to get along for the same reason you do not kill your customers at your place of business , even if they occasionally annoy you .
If someone outright cheats you , however , you may engage in war by taking them to court , for example , and the relationship will sour .
Governments and central banks with unfettered power to manipulate currency also have the ability to cheat their creditors .
One way they do this is to simply create enough currency to pay off debts .
This devalues the currency and cheats  the recipient out of what they are owed .
It would not be fair if you watered down your product the way our government waters down its currency , so it is not hard to understand , in these simplified terms , why loose monetary policy contributes so much to ill will and war around the world .
Sound money , on the other hand , simply is what it is .
Removing governmental power to manipulate money removes the temptation for government to spend , print and cheat .
Sound money ensures that our government ’s spending priorities would be brought into sharp focus and reduced to only what we can afford .
Sound money also limits the ability to wage wars of aggression .
Imagine how much more careful Washington would have to be about starting a war if they did not have this financial sleight of hand at their disposal !
Fiat currency allows government to do expensive things they should not be doing while paying the bills with cheap money .
The Federal Reserve has lately been auctioning off large amounts of treasury bills as a way to finance the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and our crushing entitlement burden .
The resulting devaluation of the dollar is quickly eroding our image as a good trading partner in the world .
As a consequence , there is therefore more talk of economic isolation and war .
This vicious cycle of spending , fighting and inflating is not what Americans want .
It is what the government wants , and it has had to deceive the citizens into allowing and supporting it .
Sound money curbs the government ’s ability to engage in these shenanigans and reduces the wars we fight to only truly defensive ones , for which Americans are more than willing to stand and fight .
So in these ways , sound money is very conducive to peace .
See the Ron Paul File
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
Homophobic Violence on the Rise Does Germany Have a Problem With Gay Hate Crime ?
Migration to Germany from countries including Turkey and Russia , where homosexuality is taboo , has led to a rise in crime against gays .
Gay - bashing hip hop music is n't helping , either .
So how should liberal - minded Germans deal with less - tolerant immigrants ?
Von Michael Scott Moore
Researchers have identified characteristics that lead people to either overestimate or underestimate the risks of living in communities with known hazards such as landslides .
This community in La Conchita , Calif. , was damaged by landslides in January 2005 .
This Behind the Scenes article was provided to LiveScience in partnership with the National Science Foundation .
The California wildfires in 2007 led some people to wonder why anyone would live in terrain as vulnerable to natural disasters as parts of California .
Now , the heart of the 2008 fire season will soon be here and people will no doubt ask similar questions as homes and communities are threatened once again .
Do people have no choice but to live in a land that regularly suffers fires , landslides and earthquakes ?
Do they love the beauty and weather so much that they are willing to live with exceptional risks ?
Is it possible that they do not really understand the risks they face ?
" Understanding risk and taking acceptable action is complex , " says Paul Slovic .
For decades scientists like Slovic , a psychology professor at the University of Oregon , Eugene , Ore. and president of the Decision Research group there , have studied aspects of these difficult questions .
For example , researchers have identified why some people tend to overestimate or underestimate the risks of certain hazards .
Hazards that are familiar , visible , and well understood draw less concern than new , invisible , or less understood hazards .
Wildfire is a good illustration .
In general , people are familiar with fire and understand a good deal about its mechanics , so fire risks are often underestimated or discounted .
In contrast , the unfamiliar , invisible hazards posed by electromagnetic radiation tend to appear riskier and draw more concern and demands for government control .
" Understanding risks in a democratic society means understanding that there are multiple perspectives that should be considered when making risk decisions , " says Slovic .
" Risk decisions do not purely belong to scientists or government officials .
The public has important contributions to make . "
Slovic 's perspective comes from his early days as a decision and risk behavior researcher in the late 1960's .
It was then he met one of the early pioneers of decision , risk and management sciences , Dr. Gilbert White , who put him on the path to one of his most significant research findings .
White , who was studying risk decisions related to natural hazards — fire , hurricanes and the like — was aware of Slovic 's work with risk and gambling experiments .
White asked Slovic why people rebuild on the same spot after a natural hazard , a question Slovic could not answer .
But it spurred him to further research .
That research resulted in the development of the psychometric paradigm of risk perception , a theory influential in convincing policymakers that experts are not necessarily better at estimating risks than lay people .
By introducing a quantitative , survey - based method for studying risk perception , Slovic showed risk could be studied scientifically .
" The public is not ignorant or irrational when they disagree with the experts , " says Slovic .
" They may know things scientists do not know .
It 's important for us to bring public values into risk management decisions . "
Taking cues from Slovic 's research methodologies as well as from others ' , a number of scientists are examining the psychology of risk in order to help people make better decisions about risks .
Much of this work is supported by the National Science Foundation , Arlington , Va .
For example , scientists are exploring questions about which risks people are or are not willing to take .
An individual and his neighbor both may think the probability that a wildfire will damage their homes is exactly the same , yet one of them might move to a rainy climate to escape while the other would not dream of moving .
" We ca n't underestimate the importance of place , weather and beauty to people , " says Slovic .
" It 's important that policymakers , government officials , and insurance companies take these risk elements into account .
" It may be that government officials want to restrict new development in a risky area , or that insurance companies want to ask people to share the cost burden . "
Whatever happens , the 2008 fire season certainly will revisit the questions of previous years , giving rise to new suppositions and new theories about why people take obvious risks .
Paul Slovic and other researchers will be there to weigh in .
To read more about some of Slovic 's most recent work , check out Why Nations Fail to Act .
For more to explore , visit the Web sites for some of the NSF - funded researchers whose work is described above : Paul Slovic , Ellen Peters , Howard Kunreuther , David Krantz .
Natural Disasters : Top 10 US Threats
Editor 's Note :
This research was supported by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , the federal agency charged with funding basic research and education across all fields of science and engineering .
See the Behind the Scenes Archive .
California is seen as a national , even worldwide , pioneer on environmental issues such as fighting global warming and pursuing renewable energy .
But somewhere along the trail , the state has broken a couple of wheels on its Conestoga wagon .
Four other states -- Texas , Iowa , Minnesota and Colorado -- are adding new renewable energy projects faster than California , according to an analysis by the advocacy group Environment California .
As utilities crawl rather than sprint toward meeting the state ’s goal of deriving 20 % of its power from solar , wind and geothermal sources by 2010 , an effort to extend the mandate and remove some of the barriers to accomplishing it has stalled in the Legislature .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger backs a bill that would require the state to get 33 % of its power from renewable sources by 2020 , as does Senate President Pro Tem Don Perata ( D - Oakland ) , and the concept enjoys overwhelming support among the Democrats who make up the majority of both houses of the Legislature .
What ’s more , it would be all but impossible for the state to meet its goal of cutting greenhouse gases to 1990 levels by 2020 without the 33 % standard .
Yet despite the importance of the issue and its powerful backing , it apparently falls so low on the priority list for Assembly Speaker Karen Bass ( D - Los Angeles ) that she has allowed the bill , SB 411 , to gather dust in the Assembly Appropriations Committee , where it will almost certainly die unless there is immediate action .
Just as mystifying as the lack of urgency on the part of Bass and other Assembly leaders is the reaction of the state ’s utilities , many of which oppose SB 411 because they do n’t like some of its rules or think it would benefit their competitors .
But if they do n’t like the bill , they positively loathe Proposition 7 .
The initiative on the November ballot requires that the state get 50 % of its power from renewable sources by 2025 , a goal the utilities claim would be devastatingly expensive to meet .
Yet polls show that Proposition 7 enjoys strong support among voters , and that support will only grow stronger if state lawmakers prove unwilling or unable to act ; the smartest move by the utilities would be to lobby hard for SB 411 .
More important than the political considerations is the fact that another year ’s delay in approving the renewable standard will only make it more difficult and costly to achieve .
Bass is rightly focusing on getting the state budget passed , but she also needs to get busy moving the session ’s most crucial bills , such as SB 411 , before it ’s too late .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Madison
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
But who does n't like guitar , right ?
I do n't think you understand .
Jimi Hendrix played guitar .
Groucho Marx played guitar .
I think Winston Churchill might have played guitar .
What I play is something different .
Picture a Verdi opera : 3 hours of music , some of beautiful and ennobling , at times piquant and subtle , other times dramatic and inspiring .
Take those three hours of music , those thousands of musical notes , and compress them into 4 measures of incomprehensible speed , delivered with earth - shaking finesse and a raucous disregard for any physiological limit to human auditory perception .
I cannot stress this enough : I will play guitar so fast your face will melt .
The last girlfriend I had was dearer to me than anything that does n't have steel strings and pickups .
It 's with a heavy heart that I must confess that she met a tragic demise .
I sat her down to perform for her , as she had never heard me play .
Within mere seconds of the furious and almost satanically fast deluge of musical notes , she burst into flames and was reduced to a smoldering pile of ash .
I have grieved for 7 months , and now it is time to seek a hardier companion .
I seek a woman of no flimsy construction who can tolerate the cyclone of death that my guitar will unleash upon her .
Think about the scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark when the Holy Spirit ( or whatever the hell that poorly rendered gaseous conglomerate was supposed to be ) ravaged the Nazis by melting their flesh from their mortal bones .
This is what my guitar playing does , except there is only vapor left , no bones .
I cannot stress this enough : I will play guitar so fast the Earth will be rent asunder and armies of hellions will spew forth to wreak havoc upon the human population .
I do n't care if you are fat , thin , average , need attention , busty , or even whether you genetically qualify as a human being .
All that I care about , the single thing that will hold my attention , is a woman who can listen to my terror - inspiring , WMD - unleashing , virgin - defiling , hell - bent - on - misanthropic - destruction tornado of picking and whammy bar stunts without dying immediately .
If you think you can witness the senseless and brutalizing destruction that is my guitar playing without being maimed , incinerated , mutilated , lacerated , or dismembered in any way , please send me an email and I will arrange a meeting .
Postscript : I think I 'll have to have you sign documentation of release before we meet , however , as I am a wanted man in 48 states for assaulting an officer via sweep picking , and my guitar playing has been banned in Norway for causing several churches to burn to the ground .
And yeah , I 've never been to Norway .
The number of Americans who have seen their full - time jobs chopped to part time because of weak business has swelled to more than 3.7 million  the largest figure since the government began tracking such data more than half a century ago .
The loss of pay has become a primary source of pain for millions of American families , reinforcing the downturn gripping the economy .
Paychecks are shrinking just as home prices plunge and gas prices soar , furthering the austerity across the nation .
“ I either stop eating , or stop using anything I can , ” said Marvin L. Zinn , a clerk at a Walgreens drugstore in St. Joseph , Mich. , who has seen his take - home pay drop to about $ 550 every two weeks from about $ 650 , as his weekly hours have dropped to 37.5 from 44 in recent months .
Mr. Zinn has run up nearly $ 2,000 in credit card debt to buy food .
He has put off dental work .
He no longer attends church , he said , “ because I ca n’t afford to drive . ”
' You 're no criminal ' : Judge frees jealous wife who laced her cheating husband 's cake with rat poison
A woman who laced her 63 - year - old husband 's fruitcake with rat poison because he was cheating on her escaped jail yesterday .
Yvonne Godwin , 56 , who trained as a chef , claimed she wanted to make her husband Robert too ill to see his mistress - but did not plan to kill him .
Godwin said she had been ' driven over the edge ' after discovering his affair with her best friend 's sister .
When told she would not go to prison she fainted in the dock - while her husband had to be escorted from the court by police in case he was attacked by her family .
Yvonne Godwin , who worked in a hospital kitchen , was spared jail after baking a cake laced with poison for her cheating husband , Robert
He had written to the judge on her behalf , but the jury at Gloucester Crown Court heard she had endured decades of abuse at his hands .
She was also recovering from cancer at the time of the poisoning incident .
Godwin discovered in March that her partner of 30 years was having an affair , and told a neighbour she hated him and ' wanted him dead ' .
Prosecutor Lisa Hennessy said the neighbour contacted police after Mrs Godwin told him she had made ' a nice fruitcake ' for her husband .
Police were sent to the couple 's home in Cheltenham but Mrs Godwin denied the poisoning plot .
However , a day later she went back to police and admitted she had lied , and that
had put poison in a fruitcake for Mr Godwin .
Analysis showed she had used only two teaspoons of poison and would have needed to dramatically increase the dose to make it deadly .
Blue blobs of the poison could be seen on the outside of the cake .
Prosecutor Lisa Hennessy said : ' It was certainly not a professional attempt . '
Neither of the Godwins was said to have suffered any ill - effects .
Emily Durston , defending , said : ' Mrs Godwin wanted to make Mr Godwin ill so that he would n't leave the house .
Effectively she wanted to stop him from leaving the house so he would n't go to see his mistress .
Miss Durston said Godwin also tried to poison herself with the cake ' because she was desperate , she was at breaking point ' .
Godwin admitted to trying to poison her husband , a retired builder .
However , Judge Jamie Tabor QC said he believed her actions were a cry for help in the couple 's troubled relationship , and not an attempt at murder .
Yvonne Godwin ( circled ) leaves Gloucester Crown Court after she was spared jail for administering poison
The couple divorced 17 years ago , rekindled their relationship a year later and had been living as man and wife , but never remarried .
Judge Tabor said letters from Godshewin 's five children revealed she had suffered years of physical and verbal abuse , and her medical records showed she had complained of domestic violence since the 1970s .
He said he had also received a letter from Mr Godwin , who had asked his former wife to go back to him , and added : ' He pleads for mercy on her behalf . '
Robert Godwin was believed to have been having an affair with Julie Morrison
He gave Godwin a 12 - month jail sentence , suspended for two years , and banned her from entering the borough of Cheltenham or contacting Mr Godwin for a year .
' You were recovering from cancer , you were in an abusive relationship and you discovered that your husband - not himself in the first blush of youth - was being unfaithful to you , ' he said .
' If you had simply poisoned him because he had been unfaithful you would not be escaping being sent to prison , but there was a great deal more going on in your life .
' I am going to prohibit you from contacting your husband for a period of a year to allow you to recover your equilibrium .
Then and only then can you decide if you want to have anything further to do with him . '
Mr Godwin refused to comment , but at an earlier hearing he insisted that his wife was innocent and should not have been charged .
He said : ' I do n't think she put poison in anything .
There 's nothing wrong with me .
She is a wonderful woman and a loving , caring person . '
Godwin left the court in tears , and had to be physically supported by her children .
They said she had stopped replying to her husband 's letters while in custody before the trial and was trying to rebuild her life .
Friends said Godwin was ' a wonderful cook ' who had worked at a local hospital until her cancer diagnosis five years ago .
' People see her as the victim , ' said one .
' Everyone feels sorry for her and no one has an iota of sympathy for Robert . '
Mr Godwin is believed to have been having an affair with Julie Morrison , a widow of 41 .
The cake laced with poison that Godwin fed to her husband .
Blue blobs of the rat killer can be seen in the cake
By Mark O’Neill
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
A British academic is proposing that the English language be reformed so that people who are not perfect at spelling are not pressurised into feeling they have to do better .
John Wells , Emeritus Professor of Phonetics at University College London , wants English to take a “ phonetic approach ” so that it is spelt the way it is spoken .
So “ give ” would become “ giv ” , “ river ” would become “ rivver ” and so on .
He even wants to completely drop the apostrophe .
I think I feel seriously ill .
“ Text messaging , email and internet chat rooms are showing us the way forward for English .
Let ’s allow people greater freedom to spell logically .
It ’s time to remove the fetish that says that correct spelling is a principal ( principle ? ) mark of being educated . ”
To hear this coming from a professor , a man of education , is staggering !
Is he really suggesting that we base the language of English , a language spoken by billions of people , the language of Shakespeare – on what we say in internet chat rooms ?
This guy is certifiable !
One thought immediately springs to mind – LOL & ROFL !
OK seriously , here ’s a radical idea – how about educating those people who are not good at spelling to get better at it , instead of encouraging them to get even worse ?
I find it unbelievable that when we see people who are not good at something , the solution that is immediately suggested is to accept the status quo and make the best of it .
Plus as I pointed out , the proposed solution comes from a man who is supposed to encourage education !
Spelling is a donkeys ’ bridge we all must cross – Via The Register
Welcome , DISH customer !
Please note that we cannot save your viewing history due to an arrangement with DISH .
Watchlist and resume progress features have been disabled .
ACCEPT
Phase 2 of Microsoft's Windows ad campaign debuted tonight during The Office , and the latest work by ad agency Crispin , Porter +
Bogusky definitely beats the crap out of those ( ill - fated ? )
Gates / Seinfeld ads when it comes to making a point .
The point is simple : Not all PC users look like John Hodgman .
Some are even sexy beasts .
It 's easy to spot Deepak Chopra and Bill Gates affirming their PC - ness , but I think I also saw A - Rod Tony Parker and Eva Longoria too .
You guys have a look and fill in the gaps , because there are a lot of celebs and specialists showing PC pride here .
I only wish it did n't open with that poor bastard Hodgman lookalike — the message is damn loud and clear anyhow .
Update : Windows ' 15 - second
" I Wear a Suit " video below ...
[ Hey , sorry , I could n't resist adding this note .
Not that this changes any of my gear preferences , but these ads do n't seem to feature scripted actors , and there is no baby music .
Hello Chiat Day and Apple , time to get some new commercials : you 've been out maneuvered !
— BLam . ]
[ Microsoft ]
Advertisement
IndyMac is the fifth US bank to fail so far this year One of the largest US mortgage lenders , the California - based IndyMac Bank , has collapsed amid a growing credit crisis .
Federal regulators seized the bank 's assets , fearing it might not be able to meet withdrawals by depositors .
It is the second - largest financial institution to fail in US history , regulators say .
The failure came on a day when shares in the two biggest US home loan institutions - Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae - fell at one stage by almost 50 % .
IndyMac had been struggling to raise funds and stay in business in one of the states worst hit by the US housing market slump .
The bank 's primary regulator , the Office of Thrift Supervision ( OTS ) , said depositors had withdrawn more than $ 1.3 bn in the past 11 days .
" This institution failed today due to a liquidity crisis , " OTS Director John Reich said .
I 'm very angry , very upset about this .
I wanted to withdraw my money
Steve Knieerein
IndyMac customer
The OTS believed IndyMac was unlikely to meet its depositors ' demands and transferred its operations to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , which will seek a buyer .
IndyMac customer Steve Knieerein told ABC television : " I 'm very angry , very upset about this .
I wanted to withdraw my money . "
People with deposits of up to $ 100,000 each are covered by insurers .
But about 10,000 people had uninsured funds over that limit with IndyMac - worth a total $ 1bn at the time of closing .
The FDIC said it would pay those people an advance dividend equal to half of their uninsured deposit .
It is the fifth US financial institution this year to succumb amid a credit crunch , falling house prices and rising foreclosures .
The move came after rollercoaster trading on Friday for Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae - which are behind half of all US mortgages .
They play an important role in the financial markets in providing funding for home loans by buying up mortgages and packaging them as investments .
' Important mission '
As mortgage backers , the companies have had to pay out when homeowners have defaulted on their loans .
Both firms defended their finances , saying they had enough capital to weather the housing slump .
Today our primary focus is supporting Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in their current form as they carry out their important mission
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson
Q&A : Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae Shares in the two firms recovered after US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson signalled he was not on the verge of taking Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into public hands .
" Our primary focus is supporting Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in their current form as they carry out their important mission , " he said .
President George W Bush was briefed on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac earlier on Friday .
Mr Bush said Mr Paulson assured him he and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke " will be working this issue very hard " .
After a volatile trading session , Freddie Mac shares closed down 3.1 % at $ 7.75 .
Shares of Fannie Mae ended the day down 22.4 % at $ 10.25 after sliding as much as 49 % to a 19 - year low of $ 6.68 .
US Senator Christopher Dodd said the Federal Reserve was considering allowing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to borrow directly from the central bank , which also helped the shares to recover .
Some media reported the Treasury was planning some kind of government - led rescue but Mr Paulson said only that they were " maintaining a dialogue with regulators and with the companies " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
爆速で話題の Google Chrome 搭載 JavaScript VM “ V8 ” は、Animorphic Smalltalk VM がベースになっているらしい の続き 。
その速いと言われ る V8。実際、どのくらいの速度で動くのかを具体的な数値として見てみたくなったので、手軽に試すことができるフィボナッチベンチで、そのスコアを手元の処理系たちと並べて比較してみました。
環境は Modbook 2.4GHz Core 2 Duo（MacBook 相当）の Vista SP1 で、40番目のフィボナッチ数（63245986）の算出にかかった秒数をカウントしています。結果は次のようになりました。
このベンチに限れば V8 は、元になった Strongtalk や商用 Smalltalk には一歩及ばないものの、それでも、よく知られた LL 言語たちよりはずっと高速に動作するように見えます。あなどれないですね。
使用したスクリプトと出力結果は以下に。
▼ JavaScript （Chrome 、Firefox 共通。使用時は、全角！を半角に） < script type= " text / javascript " ><！-- fib = function ( n ) { if ( n < 2 ) { return n ; } else { return fib ( n - 2 ) + fib ( n - 1 ) ; } } n = 39 ; start = new Date ( ) ; res = fib( n ) ; document . write ( res , " , " , new Date ( ) - start , " msec " ) ; 63245986 , 2949 msec // Chrome 63245986 , 31936 msec // Firefox
▼ Smalltalk （Squeak 、Strongtalk 、VisualWorks 共通） Integer >> fib self < 2 ifTrue : [^ self ]. ^ ( self - 2 ) fib + ( self - 1 ) fib 39 fib Time millisecondsToRun : [ 39 fib ]
▼ Ruby $ cat fib.rb class Integer def fib return self if self < 2 ( self - 2 ) . fib + ( self - 1 ) . fib end end n = ARGV [ 0 ]. to_i start =
Time .now res = n.fib puts res , ( Time .now - start ) .to_s + " sec " $ ruby - v fib.rb 39 ruby 1.8.6 ( 2008-03-03 patchlevel 114 ) [ i386-cygwin ] 63245986 105.543 sec $ ruby1.9 - v fib.rb 39 ruby 1.9.0 ( 2008-06 - 19 revision 17423 ) [ i386- cygwin ] 63245986 18.163 sec
▼ Python $ cat fib .py import sys import time def fib ( n ) : if n < 2 : return n else : return fib(n- 2 ) + fib(n- 1 ) n = int ( sys.argv [ 1 ] ) start = time .
time ( ) res = fib ( n ) print ( res , time .
time ( ) - start ) $ python -V Python 2.5.1 $ python fib.py 39 ( 63245986 , 52.66700005531311 )
– for the crime of wanting to see his child .
by Stephen Baskerville
Someday Hollywood will make a movie of this : A father is sentenced to prison for wanting to take his son to a ballgame .
Up against him is his ex-wife , the legal system , and various women ’s groups , all declaring him a deadbeat and a batterer , all of it untrue .
But as a result , he ’s in a cell while his ex and her new boyfriend take little Johnny to a Mets game .
Improbable ?
Only in the sense that Hollywood would ever make such a movie .
Unfortunately it ’s an all too real scenario that is taking place everyday across the country .
The case of a man we ’ll call Alan is fairly typical .
Without warning Alan came home one day to find his apartment cleaned out .
His wife and two - year - old girl were gone .
Shortly afterwards
Alan was summoned to court and as a “ defendant , ” was ordered to stay away from his daughter most of the time and to begin making child support payments .
His two - hour , thrice - weekly visits with his daughter were supervised and she was not allowed to stay with him overnight , since his wife alleged that he was dangerous and would kidnap her .
The accusations eventually proved groundless , and the supervision terminated .
After a year Alan was permitted one overnight visit with his daughter per week .
His wife , meanwhile , was never charged with making false accusations nor has the fabrication counted against her in the custody proceedings .
Various experts testified that Alan is no danger whatever to his daughter and that he is a devoted and loving father .
All these findings were ignored by the courts .
More than four years after his wife left , the child remains with her .
He has spent a $ 160,000 inheritance on legal fees , not counting about 40 percent of his income for child support , and now lives hand - to - mouth .
Then there ’s Bruce , who was a truck driver in Boston and who came home one day to find his things on the street , the locks on his doors changed , and his wife ’s new boyfriend already moved in .
Angry and bewildered , Bruce kicked in the door and began shouting .
( He did not strike anyone . )
His wife called the police , who arrived and took Bruce away in handcuffs .
She got a restraining order preventing any contact with his three children .
When his son was hospitalized with an illness , he was not allowed to visit .
Eventually Bruce was allowed to see his children at a supervised visitation center with his wife and her boyfriend present in the next room .
Another man ,
Tom , tells of how he was living with his wife in California , where they were raising their three children as vegetarians like themselves .
He thought she was content until one day , when she told him she wanted to move back to her native Virginia .
He agreed to the move .
After establishing residency in Virginia , however , she left with the children , and he was hauled into court .
Then , after an injury left him without an adequate income he found himself in jail for failure to pay child support .
Eventually he relocated in the Washington area to find work .
Tom now drives three hours each way to get his children from his wife ’s place in Virginia , twice every other weekend .
His ex-wife subsequently gave up her vegetarianism and obtained a court order preventing him from discussing diet with his children .
His children are used as informers to monitor his compliance , and their relationship is now strained .
Tom now belongs to a fathers ’ group that meets in Arlington , Virginia .
Almost every member has a similarly painful story .
Some have not seen their children in years .
The children of a few will no longer speak to them .
Others regularly drive hundreds of miles to visit their children in hotels or visitation centers .
Several with no previous criminal records have spent time in jail .
The group is currently involved with the case of Michael Mahoney , a father in an Arlington jail awaiting sentencing for criminal contempt .
Mahoney has already lost his job , his home , his savings , his freedom , and most recently his health ( he has developed congestive heart failure , severe stomach ulcers , sleep apnea , and has undergone brain surgery for subdural hematoma ) .
His private life has also been exposed to public view and he himself vilified on “ Geraldo ” and at least one other nationally televised talk show .
And these fathers are angry .
Alan describes the system as a legal “ child - kidnapping and extortion racket . ”
Even more though , they are in shock .
Like virtually all men in their position , none realized that such a thing could happen until it did .
View next page …
Copyright © 1999 Stephen Baskerville .
All rights reserved .
Stephen Baskerville teaches political science at Howard University .
This article is reprinted from the Winter 1999 issue of The Women ’s Quarterly , a publication of the Independent Women ’s Forum ( www.iwf.org).
For information write info@iwf.org or call 800-224-6000 .
So Obama is a " one man Rorschach test , " or a man of five faces ( which , I guess , is better than two ) .
If I had n't been in an airport yesterday , I probably never would have seen this -- the promo flap of the TIME convention edition evoking an Obama who is apparently too complex to be fully seen .
( It sort of reminds me of this , another instance in which a Democratic nominee was fragmented by TIME . )
Maybe the ineffability has something to do with Obama 's " passion gap ? "
( image : Platon for TIME )
Adam Parfrey publisher of Feral House Press says : Know how Sarah Palin is accused of being a Secessionist , as part of the Alaskan Independence Party ?
Feral House recently published the primary ( and only ) book of the current Secession movement , Thomas A. Naylor and Kirkpatrick Sale 's Secession : How Vermont and All the Other States Can Save Themselves from the Empire .
Naylor is the founder of the Second Vermont Republic .
Kirk Sale is founder of the Middlebury Institute .
Also see this YouTube vid .
Lynette Clark , Chairman of AIP , and her husband , Dexter Clark , say that Sarah Palin was a Secessionist in the mid-90s , and attendee to meetings and such , and that her husband was an ongoing member until 2002 .
The McCain people protest that Sarah Palin was never really a full - flredged member of AIP , but just the past few months made a vid supporting AIP …
Thomas Naylor 's part of the Secession movement is a leftist concept , and other states hold libertarian , and sometimes rightist ideas , such as the Alaskans .
The idea of the movement is an anti-Globalist , anti-Empire " Divided We Stand " …
DIGG THIS
News media throughout the United States and especially here in the southeast have been reporting extensively on gasoline shortages .
Over 90 % of service stations are without gas at any one time in the metro Atlanta area .
When a supply truck arrives , car drivers drive long distances and wait in lines 10 or more cars long , blocking roads and intersections to get gas , typically exhausting the station 's new supply within hours .
The media also reports on Georgia laws against gas price " gouging " — whereby stations attempting to sell gas at an undefined " too high " price can be subject to $ 15,000 penalties ; other states in the southeast have similar laws .
The news media , however , neglect to point out how these two issues are necessarily connected .
It is true that the gasoline supply has been reduced .
In the wake of damage and evacuations from hurricane Ike , some refineries still produce below capacity , and a major fossil fuel pipeline in the southeastern US is also not back to capacity .
Atlanta in particular suffers from a further restriction in supply compared to surrounding areas due to government restrictions concerning fuel additives which affect what petroleum may be legally sold .
Suddenly reduced supply can sometimes result in products running out in the very short term , before information on changes in supply and demand can be taken into effect .
However , supply consistently and repeatedly running out over time since it is insufficient to meet demand — a shortage — does not occur when prices are allowed to operate in the free market .
When demand stays the same but gasoline supplies fall , prices naturally rise .
Drivers grumble about higher prices , but the higher prices also motivate them to responsibly consider and reduce consumption , such as consolidating trips , working from home , carpooling , and reconsidering vacation travel .
This reduces demand for the now - scarcer gasoline .
A higher price also motivates suppliers to find ways to provide more , and more quickly .
For example , service station operators charging $ 5 / gallon may be willing to pay $ 4 / gallon for a truck to drive from several states away , something they would never consider at a lower price .
Higher prices also propagate money down the supply chain , motivating quicker increase in fuel supply by means such as funding overtime work to get refineries and pipelines operational sooner .
The combination of higher prices motivating both consumers to use less and suppliers to produce more ensures shortages do not occur .
Unfortunately , the free market price system is currently being forbidden in Georgia and several other states .
Politicians have enacted anti -" gouging " laws to punish sellers of gasoline who request too high a price .
Whether such politicians are well - meaning but economically ignorant , or know the consequences but are cynically manipulating public distaste for higher prices despite this is up for debate , but the results are the same .
Ethically , the results are detestable .
Gas station operators are told in effect that they are not free ; they must sell their product as an altruistic service to others rather than serving their own individual interests .
Legislating an exact price ceiling ( a maximum price at which gas could be sold ) would be bad enough , but to compound the issue , an exact price is not given in anti-gouging laws .
A supplier cannot even know if they may be violating the law , and must be constantly fearful of someone accusing them of charging " too much . "
In Atlanta for now , the de facto result is gas station operators being afraid to price gasoline above $ 44.29 / gallon .
Asking a half - dozen local operators who ran out of gas as to why they do not raise prices resulted in the same general response ; as one put it , " I can not raise my price .
It would be a crime . "
Economically , forbidding gas prices from rising past $ 4.29 ( or some other arbitrary amount ) disastrously stops both suppliers attempting to increase their supply , and drivers reducing their consumption .
Gas station operators have essentially no motive — or money — to work harder or more creatively to find ways to get more fuel to the area .
Likewise , others further down the supply chain lack motive to speed recovery efforts .
Without higher prices as incentive to conserve , drivers quickly exhaust all the limited supply and demand more that is not there .
Stations quickly go dry , and the shortage is born .
The slight pain of higher prices becomes replaced by more significant problems .
People pay for gas instead via increased risk of running out of fuel .
They pay for it by a substantial waste of time by driving further to find a station with fuel and waiting in long lines .
Ironically , controlling gas prices means drivers even pay for it with more gas –gas is wasted in driving further and idling in line , making the problem even worse .
Yes , Georgia drivers do not pay $ 5 / gallon .
Instead they are apparently to be comforted by the " $ 3.99 " signs on twenty gas stations with " out of order " bags over their pump handles they must drive past before finally finding a station where they may wait in line for half an hour , in hopes that gas remains when they reach the pump .
None of this should be at all surprising to anyone who lived through the 1970s .
In the 70s , the federal government regulated fuel prices .
This resulted at various times in substantial gas shortages — long lines , stations running dry , and further government " add another problem on top of a problem " measures such as odd / even number day rationing .
At the end of the Carter administration , this price regulation ended .
Pump prices rose temporarily , but the much higher real costs of risk and wasted time and gas vanished almost overnight .
The shortages evaporated .
The culprit behind the gas shortages this time is individual state governments rather than federal government , but the solution is the same now as it was then — for politicians to stop their harmful efforts to control prices .
End anti-gouging laws , end the shortage .
September 29 , 2008
The Best of Aaron Bilger
Get Paid To Surveys
money paid surveys , get paid to surveys , getting paid surveys , money for surveys , get paid to take survey , best paid survey , online surveys for money , cash paid survey , survey for money , pay surveys , market research paid survey , online survey jobs , survey for cash , earn money online survey , surveys that pay , earn money surveys , earn money taking surveys , paid opinion , paid for opinion , paid opinions , earn money survey , paid market research , earn surveys
Para médicos e psicólogos a síndrome não é novidade , mas o aumento no número de casos vem chamando a atenção .
Muitos que isso é frescura , mas a situação é real .
Causada pelo estresse ocupacional a Síndrome de Burnout foi identificada na década de 70 e é caracterizada principalmente pela exaustão emocional , irritabilidade e agressividade .
Por estas características a síndrome recebeu a denominação Burnout do inglês , onde é burn ( queima ) e out ( fora ) , reforçando a imagem da pessoa consumida pelo estresse e pronta para emitir respostas explosivas .
Sintomas
A principal característica da síndrome é a insensibilidade na relação com os outros .
A pessoa passa a tratar os colegas de trabalho de forma grosseira , agressiva e muitas vezes com certa dose de cinismo .
É o caso de médicos , enfermeiros , psicólogos , professores , policiais .
A psicóloga Adriana de Araújo explica que o problema é sempre relativo ao mundo do trabalho e afeta principalmente os profissionais obrigados a manter contato próximo com outros indivíduos e dos quais se espera uma atitude , no mínimo , solidária com a causa alheia .
Os sintomas costumam ser divididos em três grupos :
Os sintomas emocionais que envolvem avaliação negativa de si mesmo , esgotamento , impotência e baixa auto - estima .
Os sintomas físicos como fadiga crônica , dores de cabeça , insônia , hipertensão , taquicardia , dores musculares , lapsos de memória .
As alterações comportamentais como maior consumo de álcool e remédios , faltas constantes , baixo rendimento , cinismo , impaciência , onipotência , dificuldade de concentração , baixa tolerância a frustração , agressividade e comportamento paranoico .
Fatores de risco
Qualquer pessoa pode desenvolver a síndrome de Burnout mas acredita - se que o transtorno é mais comum em pessoas que apresentam características de personalidade como : autocrítica excessiva , idealismo elevado , excesso de dedicação , alta motivação , perfeccionismo e rigidez .
A psicóloga Patrícia Pereira , ressalta que em geral são indivíduos que gostam e se envolvem com o que fazem , não medindo esforços para atingir seus próprios objetivos e os da instituição em que atuam .
Este tipo de comportamento é reforçado e até desejado pela maioria das empresas e quando aliado à pressão e à competitividade comuns nos dias de hoje , o ambiente corporativo pode acabar criando condições para o adoecimento das pessoas pré-dispostas , ressalta a psicóloga .
Outros fatores circunstanciais como problemas de relacionamento com chefes ou colegas , conflito familiares envolvendo o trabalho , sentimento de desqualificação e falta de cooperação da equipe também podem estar por trás do desenvolvimento da síndrome .
Algumas pesquisas sugerem que a síndrome mostra-se mais freqüente nos primeiros anos de vida profissional e costuma atingir mais as mulheres , possivelmente em virtude da dupla carga de trabalho .
Cisco Field will become the Oakland A’s new baseball stadium when the Green and Yellow say goodbye to Oakland Alameda County Coliseum in 2012 and when it does come online , it will be doing so literally as their sponsor , Cisco Systems , will be wiring all 35,000 seats with wireless interactive touch screens .
Fans will be able to look up stats , keep score , and even order a beer or hot dog directly through the interface ( and probably pay for it with your credit card while other fans overlook and copy down your number ) .
With complete access to various team stats and the ability to order food and drinks directly , and there ’s a promise of what the A’s are calling a virtual “ autograph session ” as fans will be able to talk with their with favorite players through teleconferencing ( yeah , we ’ll see if that flies ) .
The touch screens will guarantee an entertaining baseball experience for their fans whether the As , who placed 26 out of 30 teams last year , are winning or not .
And there ’s a practical side to the screens as well as fans will be able to call up data on fastest driving routes out of the park and even where are the shortest bathroom lines .
An aspiring chef died after eating a " super hot " chilli sauce in a competition with his girlfriend 's brother , an inquest in England has heard .
Andrew Lee , 33 , challenged his girlfriend 's brother to a contest on September 19 to see who could make and eat the hottest sauce , London 's The Times reported .
The forklift driver from Edlington , West Yorkshire in England , made a tomato sauce with red chillies grown by his father , but after eating it suffered intense discomfort and itching .
Welcome
Honolulu Dentist - Joanne Le DDS - Dental Facial Esthetics
Welcome to our office and thank you for taking the time to visit our webpage .
I graduated from the University of Southern California Dental School and have been practicing dentistry in Hawaii for 26 years .
We are a full service dental practice and are able to treat patients on many extensive levels .
We provide full service dentistry , implants , bone grafting , orthodontics , surgical orthodontics , Botox to relieve headaches , pain , and gummy smiles and much more .
Being able to provide multiple skills and not having to refer our patients out for other procedures allows our patients to feel at ease and cared for without the up cost charges of outside referrals .
The long - lasting relationships we have with our patients exemplify the quality of care our patients receive .
I hope to further build relationships with our community in Hawaii .
Thank you for visiting our site .
Be well .
All that is good begins with a SMILE .
When you visit our office , your smile and dental health is our top priority .
Our entire team is dedicated to providing you with the personalized , gentle care that you deserve .
Part of our commitment to serving our patients includes providing information that helps them to make more informed decisions about their oral health needs .
This website is a resource we hope you ’ll find both useful and interesting .
We genuinely hope this site is helpful to you in learning more about our practice , dental conditions and treatments , dental recommendations , and more .
Please browse through our website and be sure to give us a call if you have any questions or would like to schedule an appointment .
Akamai Dental Care Center
Joanne T. Le , DDS
Dental Facial Esthetics - Headache & Facial Pain
615 Piikoi StreetSuite 1404AHonolulu , HI 96814Phone : 808.591.2115
The Lisp Machine :
Noble Experiment Or Fabulous Failure ?
Draft 11 July 1991
P. T. Withington
Symbolics , Inc .
The " Lisp Machine " , a custom computer work - station designed specifically for the execution of Lisp , has been an important part of the Lisp tradition for 20 years .
Recently , the Lisp Machine has been deprecated in view of the demise of many Lisp Machine vendors , the swing towards standardization , and the advances that reduced instruction set ( RISC ) architectures have brought .
But rumors of its death are greatly exaggerated .
Unlike most commercial computer languages , Lisp has always been a language of ideals .
Its roots are in the theory of lambda - calculus .
Whereas other languages burden the programmer with implementational gaps in their abstractions , Lisp has always had the aim of supporting complete abstractions .
[ 1 ]
This idealistic bent of Lisp has led to it often being the language of choice for computer - oriented research in universities and industry .
Removing the more mundane difficulties of computer programming allowed researchers to experiment with super - complex ( at the time ) technologies such as windowing , presentation managers , object - oriented programming , integrated programming environments , computer music , integrated - circuit design , and of course Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) .
But , Lisp 's purity did not come without a price .
The choice by many languages to expose implementational limitations is often a choice of efficiency .
The speed of the normal case is optimized at the risk of the abnormal case going undetected .
Lisp , on the other hand , guarantees the unusual as well as the usual will be dealt with uniformly .
It must always be on its guard : every operation must be checked for exceptions .
As a consequence , Lisp on conventional machines has historically been ponderous to work with .
In the early 1970 's several groups of researchers utilized two novel hardware technologies to improve the efficiency of Lisp : tagged architectures and micro-programming .
Tagged architectures store type information with each data word , tracking dynamically changing types ( a prominent feature of the Lisp language ) with essentially no overhead .
Micro- programming allows a simpler compiler by implementing complex instructions that more closely match the high - level semantics of the Lisp language .
Experimenting with these techniques eventually led to commercial introductions of " Lisp Machines " .
Other novel features of these machines include :
The " stack cache " -- Execution of Lisp is stack - oriented .
By caching the top elements of the stack , efficiency approaching that of register - based execution is achieved without complex register allocation algorithms in the compiler .
The stack cache also supports fast function call and return , as if the function arguments and values are passed in registers .
Garbage - collection support -- Lisp 's storage management system is often implemented as a " garbage collector " , which automatically reclaims unused objects .
The Lisp Machine virtual memory hardware , in concert with the type tags , tracks object - reference loads and stores so the software can determine quickly which objects are in use and efficiently reclaim those that are not .
Instruction emulation --
When the Lisp Machine hardware encounters an exceptional situation ( for example , an integer arithmetic operation that exceeds the hardware imposed implementation limit or an operation on a software - defined type ) the hardware traps out to a software " emulator " subroutine .
This subroutine implements the full semantics of the operation , as specified by Lisp , as though it is being handled by the machine instruction .
Early Lisp Machines implemented their micro-programmed architectures with a writable control store , which meant the instruction set , and to a certain extent other architectural features of the machine , could be changed by simply writing , compiling , and loading new micro-code .
This flexibility led to further experimentation and evolution of the hardware support for Lisp .
In the late 70's and early 80's both AI and the Lisp Machine enjoyed a brief but heady vogue .
Two small companies , Symbolics and Lisp Machines , Inc. ( LMI ) , were founded to build Lisp Machines ; Symbolics was eventually taken public .
Xerox and Texas Instruments ( TI ) also entered the market .
As late as 1986 , Integrated Inference Machines ( IIM ) entered the Lisp Machine market .
Computer science researchers , eager to speed their experiments , snapped up the machines .
Companies bought them for their R&D labs in hopes of solving a wide array of problems from analyzing stock trades , to interpreting seismological data , to scheduling airlines , to evaluating loan applications .
At the time , Lisp Machines were the only computer work - station of significant power and the only economic solution to efficiently developing and running Lisp programs .
The Lisp Machines produced by these companies went through several evolutionary generations : starting at the high price of $ 150,000 and implemented in TTL in a box rivalling the VAX / 780 in size and power consumption [ 2 ] and eventually being delivered as 1 - or 2 - chip VLSI implementations on $ 10,000 add - in boards for the Apple MacIntosh .
With this latest generation of Lisp Machines , Symbolics was satisfied that its instruction set had evolved sufficiently to commit it to mask - programmed ROM .
However , the small size of the market for these machines has meant they are unable to take advantage of the cutting - edge hardware technology of commodity machines .
They always lag by a few generations , where design and production costs are more reasonable .
Initially , the small companies received great exposure in the popular press .
Because they represented a " pure play " [ 3 ] in AI , they were the darlings of Wall Street .
But today , only Symbolics remains in the market trying to sell Lisp Machine work - stations , at about 1/ 6 the size of its heyday .
The popular opinion is that AI technology was oversold and lost its credibility ; while at the same time , Unix was rising to meet the need for standards and RISC computers , with their simple instructions that can be executed at fantastic rates , obviated the need for a custom machine to implement Lisp .
The press was as quick to damn the Lisp Machine companies as it had been to praise them , when they did not meet over - inflated expectations .
A more charitable interpretation of the same facts might be that the Lisp Machine market ( by its esoteric nature ) is small , and given normal start - up statistics , is doing surprisingly well .
The Lisp Machine was a pioneer in the early days of work - station technology .
It had the now standard high - resolution bit - mapped display , mouse pointing device , large virtual memory and local disk ; it even had 16 - bit digital stereo sound !
Some of these innovations contributed to the evolution of Lisp and its associated technologies .
Unfortunately , the similarity of these features to those eventually found on general - purpose work - stations led to confusion over what the market for the Lisp Machine was .
The exotic features of the Lisp Machine that made it ideal for running Lisp and the dream - machine of many computer researchers had little or no value in the general - purpose market .
The success it enjoyed as a Lisp engineering work - station faltered at attempts to market it as a computer - aided software engineering ( CASE ) work - station .
At the very least , one can say that the Lisp Machine was there for Lisp when it threatened to drown in its own idealism , due to the primitive power of the hardware architectures of its time .
The attention the Lisp Machine companies drew may have added life to the Lisp market ; it certainly added to the investment in Lisp research .
In their heyday , the companies making Lisp Machines attracted top - notch talent and funded innovative research in many areas of computer science , both hardware and software .
However , the Lisp language did suffer in the commercial market from its association with what many customers have come to regard as the " snake oil " of AI .
Because its only perceived redeeming value was to run Lisp , the Lisp Machine suffered doubly so .
Despite the grim appearance of the future of the Lisp Machine , there remain small groups of zealots who will not part with their Lisp machines without a fight .
They battle " MIS " departments and often end up closeting their Lisp Machines , so they wo n't be pestered about their non-approved equipment .
It has been argued that while Lisp may represent the ideal solution to a problem , the ideal solution is not always the economic solution , even more so when it requires a custom machine to run it .
Today , there is a wide choice of general - purpose computer work - stations of similar power to the Lisp Machine , most with competitive Lisp implementations .
Many of the software technologies that were considered research areas when the Lisp Machine was introduced have been codified to the point that they are amenable to implementations using commodity software and hardware .
Others will follow .
This trend has led many to believe there is no longer a need for the power of Lisp and even less a need for the Lisp Machine .
What is often not considered , however , is whether these technologies would be where they are today ( or would have been explored at all ) in the absence of the Lisp Machine .
Despite the trend toward commodity software and hardware , there continue to be super - complex and evolutionary problems where the Lisp Machine is the ideal solution and may well also be the most economic .
The future is likely to bring more .
Compiler technology has evolved significantly since the birth of the Lisp Machine .
Many of the problems that the micro-code of the Lisp Machine solved for the compiler writer can now be dealt with .
The RISC revolution , which depends on a super - simple instruction set for its phenomenal execution rate , has forced the compiler writer to deal with similar problems , even in conventional languages .
But the companies that market Lisp on RISC machines ( perhaps begrudgingly ) admit that despite their hardware technology lag , Lisp Machines are still competitive or surpass the latest RISC implementations in both Lisp benchmarks and , more often , high - end Lisp applications .
Today , most RISC hardware architectures support either large register sets or register windows , which bear great similarity to a stack cache .
Close examination of some of the newest RISC architectures will reveal support for tagged data , to efficiently implement generic arithmetic operations .
Architecture research papers continue to evaluate the merits of read and write " barriers " , pioneered by Lisp Machine garbage collectors to track object references and speed automatic storage reclamation , and " fast traps " to allow expeditious handling of exceptional conditions in a manner similar to the Lisp Machine instruction emulation .
The current commercial versions of the Lisp machine have reached about the level of integration that floating - point and vector co-processors had in the early 80's .
It remains to be seen if they will end up as simply a footnote in the history of Lisp , or if they will continue to evolve and their best ideas live on as an integral part of future commercial computer hardware .
The Simpsons Get It , Why Do n't the Dems ?
Brad Friedman Byon 9/25/2008 , 2:32 pm PT
From a USA Today article , noting that The Simpsons will now be tied with Gunsmoke 's record of 20 seasons on television ...
Even though production begins nearly a year before broadcast , some upcoming shows are timely ...
In a segment of " Treehouse of Horror XIX " ( Nov. 2 ) , the annual Halloween trilogy , Homer tries to vote for Barack Obama , but the machine keeps casting ballots before attacking him .
UPDATE 10/2/08 :
The very funny ( were it not so unfunny ) clip of Homer trying to vote on Election Day 2008 is now posted here ...
Advertisements
During the conference to announce the launch of Republicans for Obama today , Jim Leach floated the name of Sen.
Chuck Hegal as the person that he would like to see as Obama ’s running mate .
“ There are a number of impressive potential vice presidential candidates and this is a singular decision for one person , and that is Barack Obama .
But personally I ’d be hopeful in the list of serious candidates to be considered would be Chuck Hagel , whether it be for the veep position or a serious position in an Obama administration , ” Leach said .
While Hagel would bring bi-partisanship and military experience to the ticket , as I wrote in a previous edition of Pros and Cons , ” Hagel is still a Republican , and outside of the Iraq issue , has major differences with the Democratic Party .
In recent years , Hagel has voted against expanding Children ’s Health Insurance , for the extending the Bush tax cuts , a constitutional amendment banning flag burning , the oil company tax cuts and subsidies .
Hagel has voted with his Party 78 % of the time , which according to statistics kept by the Washington Post is only 3.3 % below the Republican average . ”
Hagel also opposes gay marriage and abortion .
Advertisements
Since Hagel is n’t running for a third Senate term , it is more likely that he ends up with a role in an Obama administration .
If Obama picks Biden , and wins the election , then my guess would be Richardson as Secretary of State , and Hagel as Secretary of Defense .
If Hagel want it , he will probably have a role in a potential Obama administration , but I think that there are too many policy differences between him and the Democratic Party for him to be on the ticket .
I gave a updated version of my earlier Perl Myths talk at OSCON this year .
It includes updated numbers , updated job trend graphs ( showing good growth in perl jobs ) and slides for the perl6 portion that were missing from the upload of the previous talk .
Two versions of the slides are available : one with just the slides on a landscape page , and another with slides and notes on a portrait page .
I also have a screencast of the presentation which I hope to edit and upload before long .
( I ’ll update this page and post a new note when I do . )
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
So far there have been more than 28 million downloads of Firefox 3.0 Mozilla has officially made history with a new Guinness world record for the largest number of software downloads in a 24 - hour period .
The final record breaking 8,002,530 downloads for web browser Firefox 3.0 took place in June .
" The enthusiasm and creativity of Firefox fans was key to making this happen , " said marketing head Paul Kim .
Gareth Deaves of Guinness World Records called it " an extremely impressive accomplishment " .
The official figure was confirmed after logs from download servers were audited and checked to ensure duplicate and unfinished downloads were not counted .
Mr Kim told the BBC News : " The notion of going for a world record , as ... nutty as it may have sounded , was a really sticky idea .
" It was an idea that translated really well across national borders and to all different kinds of people around the world . "
Marketing manager Mary Colvig said no party was planned to celebrate the record until the actual certificate was presented by Guinness World Records in London next week .
" Here at Mozilla headquarters ( in Mountain View ) I think most of us are just going to try and get to bed early now that we have the confirmation .
We are all tired . "
Security flaw
On launch day some of the shine was taken away by security firms claiming to have found the first flaws in the new software .
Within five hours of Firefox 3.0 making its debut , DV Labs / Tipping Point reported a flaw that potentially let an attacker take over a PC if a user clicked on a booby - trapped link .
Mr Kim told the BBC News : " Firefox users are safe .
We have a patch in the works and hope to release it very soon . "
Mozilla says the number of downloads surpassed their expectations
Another potentially disastrous glitch ahead of the world record attempt came when servers handling the downloads collapsed under the weight of visitors checking to see if the new version of the browser was available .
Once they were all up and running the clock started counting down .
At their busiest , the servers were handling more than 9,000 downloads per minute .
Within five hours the number of downloads for Version 3.0 exceeded the 1.6 million set by Firefox 2.0 in October 2006 .
Market share increase
Another boost for the open source browser comes with the announcement that it has increased its market share to more than 19 % making it the second most popular browser after Microsoft 's Internet Explorer ( IE ) .
Statistics firm Net Applications said a chunk of the gain seemed to have come from rival IE , although much of the growth came in users upgrading .
The company said while IE reached a record low last month , it predicted Firefox would break the 20 % share bar sometime this month .
Mr Kim said : " We offer the best browsing experience and this shows people are getting the message and voting with their browser choice . "
Meanwhile , Mozilla has shipped a high priority update for Firefox 2.0 , warning that there are at least five serious vulnerabilities that could lead to code execution attacks .
Mr Kim said Mozilla would continue to support Firefox 2.0 until the middle of December .
After that users will be expected to switch over to Firefox 3.0 , which since its launch over two weeks ago boasts 28 million downloads and counting .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
In what is by far the largest bank failure in U.S. history , federal regulators seized Washington Mutual Inc. and struck a deal to sell the bulk of its operations to J.P. Morgan Chase & Co .
The collapse of the Seattle thrift , which was triggered by a wave of deposit withdrawals , marks a new low point in the country 's financial crisis .
But the deal , as constructed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , could hold some glimmers of hope for the beleaguered banking system because it averts any hit to the bank - insurance fund .
...
This is a guest post by Meg Hamill who works at the environmental non-profit LandPaths , in partnership with the Open Space District of Sonoma County , California .
As you read this , there is progress being made on a report entitled “ Global Trends 2025 . ”
Prominent analysts in the US intelligence community are currently compiling the report , which will be presented to the incoming president of the United States early in 2009 .
Aspects of this unfinished report were highlighted last week in a speech by Thomas Fingar ( pictured at right , ) a top U.S. intelligence analyst , to a conference of Intelligence Professionals in Orlando , Florida .
Here are some quotes from the speech :
By 2025 …
the U.S. “ will remain the preeminent power , but that American dominance will be much diminished over this period of time , ”
The “ overwhelming dominance that the United States has enjoyed in the international system in military , political , economic , and arguably , cultural arenas is eroding and will erode at an accelerating pace with the partial exception of military , ”
“ it is not a good time to live in the Southwest because it runs out of water and looks like the Dust Bowl .
It is not a good time to be along the Atlantic seaboard , particularly in the South because of the projected increase and intensity and severity and frequency of severe weather – more hurricanes , more serious storms , and so forth . ”
“ Think about the difficulty of scrounging up in the international system the food for 17 or 18 million North Koreans , for a few tens of millions on the Horn of Africa .
Any number – any activity put down in the Chinese context , you have got one hell of a problem .
And that is going to happen .
This is n’t in the maybe category .
This is in the for - real category . ”
“ Climate change , we concluded , is not by itself going to bring down any governments .
It is not going to lead to wars .
But two things are pretty certain – that the already stressed and strained and flailing governments and states – this well could be the straw that breaks the camel ’s back .
A little bit more severe water shortage , a little bit more severe food shortage , more people beginning to migrate , economic migrants looking within and across – within countries and across borders for better opportunities and better substance . ”
“ Water shortages .
As far as I know , there is no disagreement about the projection of strains in water in particular regions .
Regions that include the already unstable Middle East , that include China – that the projections of continued 10 percent growth for China and all that that means .
Ignore the fact that it has severe water problems now .
And they get much , much worse by 2015 or 2020 .
Why does it matter ?
Orders of magnitude in a North China plain that is running out of water because they are depleting the underground aquifers through millions of tube wells drilled in the 1960s , produces the food for 400 million people . ”
The above remarks are taken directly from a transcript of Fingar ’s speech released by the director of National Intelligence .
( PDF download . )
Photo credit : U.S. Department of State website
His restraint was less evident among his aides however .
“ For someone who makes the point that she ’s not from Washington , she looked very much like she ’d fit in very well there when you see how she brings the attacks , ” chief strategist David Axelrod said of Mrs Palin .
“ They all felt very familiar to Americans who are used to this kind of thing from Washington . ”
Shutterstock / AFP
A YEAR after the credit crisis exploded , policymakers are scrabbling for ideas on how to prevent another one .
Ben Bernanke , the Federal Reserve chairman , unveiled an ambitious proposal on Friday August 22nd : he wants to expand regulators ' mandate from safeguarding institutions to preventing financial crises .
His proposal , still on the drawing board , faces numerous technical and political obstacles .
Yet the public and politicians may be ready for radical measures , as this crisis shows no sign of ending .
In his speech to the Kansas City Fed 's annual economic symposium in Jackson Hole , Wyoming , Mr Bernanke noted that bank regulators in America , like the Fed generally , “ focus on the financial conditions of individual institutions in isolation ” .
He wants them also to consider “ potential systemic risks and weaknesses . ”
How would such supervision differ from current practice ?
He notes that , at the moment , a policy that reduces risk for a single institution could increase it for the system as a whole .
During an economic slowdown , a supervisor worried about a particular firm 's soundness “ will tend to push for very conservative lending policies . ”
In contrast , the “ macroprudential supervisor ” would recognise that if it applied such policies to everyone , it could cause a recession .
Similarly , in the upswing , “ risk concentrations that might be acceptable at a single institution … could be dangerous ” if a lot of institutions had them .
Mr Bernanke 's proposal is designed in part to address demands that the Fed , having now presided over separate bubbles in stocks and houses in the past decade , take responsibility for preventing them in the future .
The Fed still thinks interest rates are too blunt a tool for the job .
Its chairman is suggesting that regulatory policy might be a more surgical approach .
But regulators face many of the same problems as monetary policymakers .
How would they identify a bubble in advance ?
Would the tools work or would the reckless lending simply migrate to less regulated institutions ?
The worst subprime loans were made not by banks but by barely regulated finance companies such as New Century .
Most important , would the uncertain benefit of averting a future asset crash outweigh the certain cost of barring economic activity today that could make society better off ?
Even if the Fed thinks the tradeoff is worth making , the firms , and their political allies , would be likely to fight back .
Mr Bernanke has thought of some of these things .
“ In warning against excessive concentrations or common exposures across the banking system , regulators need not make a judgment about whether a particular asset class is mispriced ” , he says .
A new supervisory approach , he says , would have to encompass all financial firms , given that risky activities “ have a way of migrating to other financial firms or markets . ”
He acknowledges that this could be costly and technically demanding , and that in the end it may still not prevent crises : “ the expectations of the public … would have to be managed carefully . ”
And he leaves an important question unanswered : who would do this job ?
America 's current patchwork of supervisors is poorly suited to the task : it encompasses five federal bank regulators , 50 state regulators , separate securities and futures regulators and now a new supervisor for quasi- private mortgage companies , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Almost certainly , Mr Bernanke would like it to be the Fed .
By contrast , Henry Paulson , the Treasury secretary , has proposed largely stripping the Fed of such powers and giving them to a consolidated prudential regulator , while leaving the Fed broadly responsible for financial stability .
Mr Bernanke also leaves unaddressed the risk that such an expansion of its powers could make it a larger political target and distract it from monetary policy , and damage its reputation if it were to fail .
In a separate but related proposal , Mr Bernanke acknowledges that the Fed may not be the best agency suited to bailing out firms such as Bear Stearns , as it did in March .
Others , such as the former chairman of the Fed , Alan Greenspan , have argued that such bailouts compromise the Fed 's balance sheet and monetary policy .
Without acknowledging that risk , Mr Bernanke proposes , as Mr Greenspan did , that Congress give someone — “ the Treasury seems an appropriate choice ” — the authority to intervene when imminent “ default by a major nonbank financial institution is judged to carry significant systemic risks . ”
In his speech on Friday , Mr Bernanke began with dovish remarks on the inflation outlook .
He noted that the Fed has kept interest rates low despite high inflation on the view that once commodity prices flattened or fell , the downward pressure on wages and prices from a weak economy would push inflation back down .
“ In this regard , the recent decline in commodity prices , as well as the increased stability of the dollar , has been encouraging .
If not reversed , these developments , together with a pace of growth that is likely to fall short of potential for a time , should lead inflation to moderate later this year and next year . ”
At the same time he suggested that the worst “ second - round ” effects of the financial crisis are about to be felt : “ the financial storm that reached gale force some weeks before our last meeting here in Jackson Hole has not yet subsided , and its effects on the broader economy are becoming apparent in the form of softening economic activity and rising unemployment . ”
Together , his remarks suggest that the Fed is not about to raise interest rates before the end of this year .
Obama ad mocks McCain for ' strong ' economy remarks Agence France - Presse
Published : Tuesday September 16 , 2008
Print This Email This Democrat Barack Obama launched an ad offensive Tuesday after his Republican White House rival John McCain insisted the US economy was still fundamentally " strong . "
A new television spot repeatedly shows McCain making that remark in Florida on Monday , superimposed with news - style captions highlighting the collapse of Lehman Brothers along with mounting job losses and home seizures .
It ends with a shot of a smiling McCain embracing President George W. Bush with the caption : " How can John McCain fix our economy if he does n't understand it 's broken ? "
Obama himself was expected to pursue the attack at a rally later Tuesday in Golden , Colorado , a day after he exclaimed in response to McCain 's comments : " Senator McCain , what economy are you talking about ? "
" He will review his strong record , and talk about his plans to revamp our regulatory framework , push back against special interests , and grow the American economy , " spokeswoman Jen Psaki said ahead of the event in Golden .
" He will also discuss the fundamental differences between his economic philosophy and John McCain 's commitment to more of the same , " she said .
Americans have been betrayed by a " casino " on Wall Street , Republican presidential candidate John McCain said Tuesday , defending earlier comments that US economic fundamentals are " strong . "
" I said the fundamental of our economy is the American worker .
I know the American worker is the strongest , the best , the most productive and most innovative , " McCain told ABC television .
" They 've been betrayed by a casino on Wall Street .
They 've been betrayed by corruption and distress that 's damaged their futures , " McCain argued .
" We 're going to fix it .
We 're going to be sure that every American who has a deposit in the bank , their deposit is insured . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A stunt in which £ 20,000 of petrol was given away in north London to promote a computer game has been criticised as " irresponsible and dangerous " .
Traffic was gridlocked outside the Last Stop garage in Finsbury Park as drivers queued for £ 40 - worth of free fuel each .
The promotion began at 0630 BST and ended about four hours later .
Lynne Featherstone , MP for Hornsey and Wood Green , said : " Whilst a lucky few might have got free petrol , hundreds of residents have faced misery " .
The Liberal Democrat said : " Trying to recreate Venezuelan - style fuel riots on the streets of London is completely irresponsible and downright dangerous .
" Hundreds of local residents have faced misery on their daily journeys this morning .
" They deserve an apology for being the victims of such an ill thought - out media stunt . "
Queuing cars
The stunt was by Electronic Arts , to promote the Mercenaries 2 : World in Flames game .
Security staff brought in to control the traffic and deal with rowdy customers had to calm down one resident who waited 10 minutes to get out of his driveway .
Another angry resident who lives near the garage , but did not want to be named , said the stunt was " totally irresponsible " .
She said : " What an extraordinary thing to do .
I can't believe they 've been allowed to do it .
" This area is usually very quiet but look at it now , there 's cars queuing everywhere .
It 's just creating unnecessary problems . "
A queue of about 40 cars snaked its way from the petrol station as more and more customers arrived for their free fuel .
Car horns sounded repeatedly as drivers on the other side of the road got snarled up in the congestion .
' Genius idea '
But customers filling up for nothing were very happy .
Prince Davis , 37 , who queued patiently for a quarter of an hour for free petrol , said : " This is a genius idea , whoever thought of this should be promoted .
" I 'll definitely be buying the game , you 're never too old to play computer games . "
Louise Marchant , from Electronic Arts , said the scenes of queuing mimicked aspects of the game .
She explained : " It 's set in Venezuela , you play a mercenary and fuel is used as a currency . "
Scientists may have found a safer way of giving a flake of skin the biologically alchemical powers of embryonic stem cells .
They turned adult cells into versatile , embryonic - like cells without causing permanent damage – potentially solving the central problem of a promising but uncertain field of stem cell science .
" This is certainly a major stem cell milestone , " said Advanced Cell Technologies chief scientific officer Bob Lanza , who was not involved in the research .
" It ’s the first ray of light that iPS cells could soon be used to treat patients . "
These iPS cells – short for induced pluripotent stem cell – debuted less than a year ago :
By using viruses to insert key developmental genes , researchers coaxed human skin cells into an embryonic state , capable of growing into almost any other type of tissue .
It was the biggest stem cell breakthrough in a decade .
No longer would tricky – and ethically controversial – manufacturing procedures be required to produce ultra-versatile stem cells .
Cloning would n't be needed to produce personally customized embryonic stem cell lines , which remain as elusive as they are promising .
But there was a catch : Viruses used to reset the cells tended to fuse with their DNA , leading to unpredictable mutations and cancer .
The cells were promising in principle , but could n't be used medically .
The standard iPS technique was a blunt and damaging instrument .
The new technique does n't cause permanent genetic alterations ; it 's a scalpel that leaves no scar behind .
And though important caveats remain
\– the procedure , published today in Science , was performed on mice – it has made safe iPS cells a realistic possibility .
" Clinical translation of iPS technology has been dead in its tracks , "
said Lanza .
" The use of iPS cells to treat – or even cure – human disease may not be far away . "
To produce their iPS cells , the researchers added cell - reprogramming genes to adenoviruses , a type of virus that infects cells without affecting their DNA .
The adenoviruses pumped out cell - reprogramming proteins , turning the cells embryonic , and then departed .
" You produce proteins for a while , but over time – with cell division
\– both DNA proteins are diluted out from the cell , " said Konrad
Hochedlinger , a Harvard Medical School cell biologist and co-author of the study .
" You end up with a genetically unmodified iPS cell . "
Hochedlinger 's team grew the cells into lung , brain and heart tissue – benchmark measurements of versatility – and used the cells to create mouse embryos , which they allowed to develop .
Those mice remained cancer - free for four months .
That 's not long enough to be completely certain of their safety , but it 's reassuring nonetheless .
" Some published reports on mice made with retrovirally produced iPS
cells succumbed to tumors as early as four weeks after birth , " said
Hochedlinger .
Old - fashioned iPS cells , said Lanza , would never have been safe enough for FDA approval .
But he warned that duplicating Hochedlinger 's feat
" may be a challenge – and far more difficult – in the human system . "
Some politicians and bioethicists , including Republican presidential candidate John McCain , have hoped that iPS cells would soon make embryonic stem cell research unnecessary .
But stem cell scientists say it 's too soon to compare embryonic stem cells , which have been studied for more than a decade , with iPS cells .
It 's also possible that both of types of cell , as well as adult stem cells , will provide therapies that the other types cannot .
" There are still a lot of unknowns , and we cannot afford to put all our eggs in one basket , " said Lanza , while Hochedlinger called embryonic stem cells the
" gold standard . "
But the findings are still a testament to the rapidly developing field of iPS research , which in less than a year has gone from proof - of - principle to mouse therapies to the latest refinement .
" I have never seen a field move forward as fast as this one , " said Hochedlinger .
Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells Generated Without Viral Integration [ Science ] [ not yet online ]
* Images : Science .
Different tissue types , and adult mice , produced through adenovirally modified iPS cells .
*
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
What do you see first when looking at the old photographs on the left ?
Almost certainly not the intended subjects .
One of the pictures is meant to show the Woolworth Building .
Another is of the Brooklyn Bridge .
The third is supposed to depict Division Street .
Image The Brooklyn Bridge
The walkway across the bridge was not divided into lanes for walkers and bikers in 1978 .
The financial district looks much the same , save for the absence of the twin towers .
Credit ... David W. Dunlap / The New York Times
But what the eye goes to today , perhaps before anything else , are those twin silhouettes , once such a familiar background in the cityscape that no photographer could avoid them .
What we see now is what is no longer there  the towers that are missing in the companion photos on the right .
The photographs on the left were made in the summer of 1978 for “ The City Observed : New York , ” a guide to Manhattan by Paul Goldberger , who was then the architecture critic of The New York Times .
Random
House published it the next year .
The images beside them were made at the same sites in 2008 .
WASHINGTON -- The White House and congressional leaders agreed on a deal to authorize the biggest banking rescue in U.S. history .
The $ 700 billion program would effectively nationalize an array of mortgages and securities backed by them -- instruments whose deteriorating value has clogged the nation 's financial system .
Lawmakers finished writing the bill late Sunday , after which Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi declared it " frozen , " meaning no changes would be made .
The bill leaves many mechanics of the operation up to the Treasury .
Among these are the crucial issues of how the U.S. government would decide which assets it will buy and how it would decide what to pay for them .
The legislation leaves the Treasury 45 days to issue guidelines on those procedures .
The bill awaits votes in Congress starting on Monday .
From big Wall Street houses to small community banks , executives have expressed an interest in signing up for the bailout .
But some have said the extent of their involvement will depend on critical details .
Republican congressman endorses Obama
Rep. Wayne Gilchrest , a maverick Republican from Maryland , endorsed Illinois Democratic Sen. Barack Obama for president in an interview Wednesday with WYPR , Baltimore 's National Public Radio station .
Gilchrest , who lost a primary campaign and is retiring from Congress , has already endorsed the Democrat running for his seat , Frank Kratovil .
Justifying his endorsement of Obama , Gilchrest said that " we can't use four more years of the same kind of policy that 's somewhat haphazard , which leads to recklessness . "
Obama and his running mate , Sen. Joe Biden ( D - Del. ) , " have the breadth of experience .
I think they 're prudent .
They 're knowledgable . "
Gilchrest 's reference to prudence may be an allusion to a widely - circulated op - ed written by conservative David Brooks , who questioned whether Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin had the necessary wisdom and prudence .
Nine - year - old brides saved by authorities from being married off in Muslim weddings
British children as young as nine are being forced to marry against their will by their families , campaigners have warned .
Charities supporting victims of forced marriages report growing numbers of young teenagers and children seeking help .
They are urging schools to take tougher action where they suspect pupils are at risk , and to monitor their rolls carefully and raise the alarm when children disappear .
Thousands of Britons - mainly young women from the Asian communities - are thought to be victims of forced marriage each year , but concerns are increasingly focused on the plight of underage girls who are being offered for marriage to foreign men when they have barely left primary school .
' Tip of the iceberg ' : British children as young as nine are being forced to marry against their will by their families
No accurate figures exist for the scale of the problem , although the Government 's Forced Marriage Unit has helped rescue around 60 children aged 15 or under in the past four years - including 11 so far in 2008 - and experts fear that may represent only the tip of the iceberg .
Typically victims are taken overseas by their families on a false pretext and forced to marry .
Extreme cases where women rebel against their family 's plans and try to run away have led to so - called ' honour killings ' or suicides .
Ministers angered campaigners two years ago by dropping plans to make it a criminal offence to force someone to marry , after Muslim groups objected strongly to the plans .
A charity operating a national helpline on forced marriage , Karma Nirvana , yesterday highlighted one incident where a nine - year - old girl from a Pakistani family in the east Midlands was taken into care after her parents told her she was to be married .
Director Jasvinder Sanghera said that on average one child a week aged under 16 had sought assistance since the helpline launched in April .
' The youngest child we have dealt with was nine years old , ' she said .
' The girl told her teacher she was going to be forced to marry someone and initially she was not believed .
' Ultimately , with the help of the Forced Marriage Unit , she was dealt with through child protection procedures .
She was assessed and , thankfully , taken into foster care . '
Awaiting their fate : Young brides in Bangladesh , following fears that children are being taken out of schools and forced into marriages abroad
The Forced Marriage Unit , jointly funded by the Home Office and Foreign Office , deals with around 5,000 calls and 300 known cases a year , while a third of all inquiries come from under - 18s .
Some 15 per cent of cases involve boys being forced to marry .
The youngest victim rescued and repatriated to Britain by the unit was an 11 - year - old girl who was flown back from Bangladesh last year after her parents tried to make her marry a local man .
Ms Sanghera , who herself fled home after being threatened with forced marriage at the age of 15 , said : ' I currently have cases involving four children aged 11 to 14 who were forced to marry or were at risk , and have now been made wards of court .
' You do n't just get forced into a marriage at 16 or 17 .
This is happening to very young children .
We certainly have had cases of minors being sexually abused .
' But we have no idea how many children under 16 are at risk , and this is compounded by a reluctance of schools to engage with the issue .
Many schools shy away due to supposed cultural sensitivities .'
She added : ' These marriages can be prevented by identifying the signs in school or teachers believing pupils when they raise it . '
The problem is believed to be particularly prevalent in Pakistani communities , she said , where many parents arrange to marry their children to first cousins .
The charity is calling for a formal system of headcounts before and after summer holidays , so that schools can identify children who disappear without explanation .
A report by Parliament 's Home Affairs Select Committee earlier this year said more than 2,000 pupils were unaccounted for in just 14 local council areas across England and Wales .
Plans to make forced marriage a specific crime were dropped by ministers in 2006 following a Muslim community backlash , although new laws passed last year gave courts new powers to issue injunctions preventing a young person from marrying or being taken abroad - any breach of which by parents would constitute a crime .
Earlier this year , right - wing luminary Paul Weyrich announced that , if John McCain secured the Republican presidential nomination , he’d be voting for a third party candidate :
Paul M. Weyrich , national chairman of Sixty Votes Coalition PAC , says if the November choice is between Hillary Clinton and McCain , he would then look for a third party candidate whom he could back .
This is no small matter .
Weyrich has only one vote like the rest of us , but many conservatives would at least take his views into consideration when making up their own minds before casting their ballots .
“ I will not vote for him [ McCain ] , ” Weyrich told this column in an interview .
“ I can ’t ” … Weyrich could live with other prospective GOP nominees — in a couple of cases , hopefully gaining some concessions to the conservative position .
But McCain — never .
It was no surprise that Weyrich refused to support McCain , considering that the two have a long history of mutual animosity :
Weyrich told National Journal earlier this year that he questioned whether McCain had the temperament to be commander in chief because he was too hot - headed .
McCain has been equally scathing .
“ Weyrich possesses the attributes of a Dickensian villain , ” he wrote in his 2002 book , Worth the Fighting For .
“ Corpulent and dyspeptic , his mouth set in a perpetual sneer as if life in general were an unpleasant experience , he is the embodiment of the caricature often used to unfairly malign all religious conservatives . ”
McCain added : “ I like to think I know a pompous , self - serving son of a bitch when I see one . ”
But , of course , like just about every other right - wing leader who once declared McCain utterly unacceptable , Weyrich has changed his tune :
They only started speaking again after nineteen years .
Both have been quite open in saying why they held one another in “ minimum high regard . ”
Their animosity toward each other is well known in national political circles .
But Paul Weyrich , one of the godfathers of the modern conservative movement , put all of that aside last week when he strongly endorsed John McCain for President .
And how did this come about ?
Because McCain once again realized it suited his political interest to grovel :
After he nailed down the Republican nomination , Weyrich [ said ] , the Arizonan “ came to my office to see me .
We talked things over and he asked for my support . ”
Apparently McCain decided that what his campaign desperately needed was the support of at least one more “ corpulent and dyspeptic … pompous , self - serving son of a bitch . ”
CHICAGO 
While millions may lose their homes during the worst housing slump since the Great Depression , some devout Christians among them will do so in part because they will not give up tithing — a voluntary contribution to their churches amounting to 10 % of their gross income .
" I 've had home owners who face foreclosure sitting in front of me saying , ' I 'll do anything , anything to keep my home , " said Ozell Brooklin , director of Acorn Housing in Atlanta , a nonprofit which offers foreclosure counseling .
" But after we 've gone through their monthly expenses and the only thing left to cut is their tithe , they say ' I guess this home is not for me ' and they walk away , " he said .
The idea of a tithe — from an Old English word meaning " a tenth " — derives from an Old Testament reference to a tax the Israelites paid from the produce of the land to support their priests , fund religious festivals and help the poor .
The Barna Group , a California - based research firm , estimated in an April 2008 study that 5 % of all American adults tithed in 2007 .
Evangelicals had the highest percentage ( 24 % ) , and the study estimated that 12 % of conservatives and 10 % of registered Republicans tithed .
Researcher George Barna said evangelical Christians are far more likely to tithe than other denominations .
" As born - again Christians they believe they have been saved and that tithing is a way to express their gratitude to God , " Barna said in an interview .
" Evangelicals are interested in the economy , but they do n't believe governments have been ordained by God to provide all the solutions . "
Dr. Roger Oldham , a member of the executive committee of the 16 - million strong Southern Baptist Convention , the second - largest Christian grouping in the United States after the Roman Catholic Church , said tithing was a compelling personal commitment .
" It 's a simple fact that here , as in any Christian culture , you will find some people for whom obedience to God comes second to none , " he said .
" For those people , a contract with God is worth more than their home . "
Code of silence
While nonprofits around the country say tithing is an issue in some foreclosure cases , little data exist on the phenomenon because many counselors are trained not to bring up the sensitive issue with struggling home owners .
" You can suggest that maybe they can pay their tithe in kind , through volunteer work , " said Bathsheba Wyatt - Draper , a counselor at nonprofit lender NHS Chicago .
" But if they react badly , you have to let it go .
Period . "
Barna said evangelicals tend to adhere to the Gospel according to Matthew , that teaches " when you do good works , do them in private . "
" In the case of tithing , evangelicals feel that ' this is something between me and God .
I am not doing this to put myself on a pedestal and talk about the wonderful sacrifices I have made . '
The whole idea is not to draw attention to yourself . "
Milton Sharp , a home ownership specialist at NeighborWorks , an umbrella group of 230 nonprofits , said for many borrowers tithing is " mandatory and not a discretionary item that can be cut . "
Debt counselors said the borrowers most likely to face a dilemma over tithing are people in lower income brackets .
" Often it 's the folks who can least afford it who tithe , " said Regina Grant of the Atlanta Cooperative Development Corp .
Linda Ingram of St Louis , Missouri - based nonprofit Beyond Housing said , " Tithing is a very sensitive subject and you have to be careful as to how you approach it . "
Ingram said one of her clients was a 68 - year - old woman who obtained a $ 62,000 mortgage on behalf of her daughter .
When her daughter stopped paying the mortgage this spring , the woman was stuck with payments since her name was on the loan contract .
To stay current on the $ 500 monthly mortgage , she was faced with giving up a tithe to her local evangelical church of around $ 200 a month .
Instead , she let the property go into foreclosure .
" I made an agreement with the Lord 30 years ago and I have tithed ever since , " said the woman , who declined to give her name in an interview .
" Nothing could persuade me to give that up .
My relationship with God comes first . "
Asked why she would not be named , the woman said , " I do n't want people to think I 'm crazy . "
Home owners in similar straits are just as reluctant to talk .
John Tiemstra , a professor at Calvin College , a Christian college in Michigan , said that was no surprise .
" There is a very prevalent attitude among conservative Christians that their personal finances are an intensely private matter , " he said .
" This gets in the way of what the church could do to help them when they are in trouble . "
READERS : How much do you give to religious groups ?
Will that change due to the economy ?
Copyright 2008 Reuters Limited .
Spain will pay jobless migrants to return home
Spain will pay jobless immigrants to go home under new plans revealed .
The measure was approved at a Cabinet meeting after a largely symbolic fast - track passage through Parliament .
The plan , which will come into force in around a month , targets tens of thousands of non-EU citizens who have been laid off in Spain and are entitled to unemployment benefits .
Under the scheme a jobless worker would receive a payment based on how long they have been working and how much they have been contributed into the social security system .
Immigrants who are now out of work can benefit from the scheme
The average lump sum is expected to be between six and 18 months worth of unemployment benefit .
They will receive the sum in two parts - 40 per cent while in Spain and 60 per cent when they have returned to their native country .
The programme is voluntary , and applies to people from 19 non-EU countries with which Spain has agreed that social security benefits accrued in one nation can be paid out in the other .
People who sign up for it must agree not to come back to Spain for three years , with the promise they will be able to recover their work and residency permits after that .
The initiative is the latest thrust by a government grappling with ever - swelling jobless ranks in an economy that had posted more than a decade of solid growth but is now flirting with recession .
Spanish unemployment is now an EU - high of 10.7 percent , according to the statistical agency Eurostat .
The meltdown stems mainly from a collapse in the construction industry , the main engine of all the growth and a key source of employment for low - skill workers from Latin America , North Africa and eastern Europe .
These immigrants are taking a particularly big hit as building companies lay off workers , and they are the ones the government now wants to pay to go home and stay there until things get better in Spain .
" We are trying to facilitate the return of those workers who , having contributed to the growth of this country , decide to go back to their own , " Deputy Prime Minister Maria Teresa Fernandez de la Vega said .
No figures have been released but the government said in July it believed 10,000 jobless non-EU citizens - out of a total of 165,000 recorded as of that month - would go along with the plan .
Different ways of looking at numbers
There are all sorts of ways of writing numbers .
We can use arithmetics with different bases , fractions , decimals , logarithms , powers , or simply words .
Each is more convenient for one purpose or another and each will be familiar to anyone who has done some mathematics at school .
But , surprisingly , one of the most striking and powerful representations of numbers is completely ignored in the mathematics that is taught in schools and it rarely makes an appearance in university courses , unless you take a special option in number theory .
Yet continued fractions are one of the most revealing representations of numbers .
Numbers whose decimal expansions look unremarkable and featureless are revealed to have extraordinary symmetries and patterns embedded deep within them when unfolded into a continued fraction .
Continued fractions also provide us with a way of constructing rational approximations to irrational numbers and discovering the most irrational numbers .
Every number has a continued fraction expansion but if we restrict our ambition only a little , to the continued fraction expansions of " almost every " number , then we shall find ourselves face to face with a simple chaotic process that nonetheless possesses unexpected statistical patterns .
Modern mathematical manipulation programs like Mathematica have continued fraction expansions as built in operations and provide a simple tool for exploring the remarkable properties of these master keys to the secret life of numbers .
The Nicest Way of Looking at Numbers
Introducing continued fractions
Consider the quadratic equation
( 1 )
Dividing by we can rewrite it as
( 2 )
Now substitute the expression for given by the right - hand side of this equation for in the denominator on the right - hand side :
( 3 )
We can continue this incestuous procedure indefinitely , to produce a never - ending staircase of fractions that is a type - setter ’s nightmare :
( 4 )
This staircase is an example of a continued fraction .
If we return to equation 1 then we can simply solve the quadratic equation to find the positive solution for that is given by the continued fraction expansion of equation 4 ; it is
( 5 )
Picking , we have generated the continued fraction expansion of the golden mean , :
( 6 )
This form inspires us to define a general continued fraction of a number as
( 7 )
where the are positive integers , called the partial quotients of the continued fraction expansion ( cfe ) .
To avoid the cumbersome notation we write an expansion of the form equation 7 as
( 8 )
Continued fractions first appeared in the works of the Indian mathematician Aryabhata in the 6th century .
He used them to solve linear equations .
They re-emerged in Europe in the 15th and 16th centuries and Fibonacci attempted to define them in a general way .
The term " continued fraction " first appeared in 1653 in an edition of the book Arithmetica Infinitorum by the Oxford mathematician , John Wallis .
Their properties were also much studied by one of Wallis 's English contemporaries , William Brouncker , who along with Wallis , was one of the founders of the Royal Society .
At about the same time , the famous Dutch mathematical physicist , Christiaan Huygens made practical use of continued fractions in building scientific instruments .
Later , in the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries , Gauss and Euler explored many of their deep properties .
How long is a continued fraction ?
Continued fractions can be finite in length or infinite , as in our example above .
Finite cfes are unique so long as we do not allow a quotient of in the final entry in the bracket ( equation 8 ) , so for example , we should write 1 / 2 as rather than as We can always eliminate a from the last entry by adding to the previous entry .
If cfes are finite in length then they can be evaluated level by level ( starting at the bottom ) and will reduce always to a rational fraction ; for example , the cfe .
However , cfes can be infinite in length , as in equation 6 above .
Infinite cfes produce representations of irrational numbers .
If we make some different choices for the constant in equations 4 and 5 then we can generate some other interesting expansions for numbers which are solutions of the quadratic equation .
In fact , all roots of quadratic equations with integer coefficients , like equation 5 , have cfes which are eventually periodic , like or .
Here are the leading terms from a few notable examples of infinite cfes :
( 9 )
( 10 )
( 11 )
( 12 )
These examples reveal a number of possibilities .
All of the expansions except that for have simple patterns whilst that for , which was first calculated by John Wallis in 1685 , has no obvious pattern at all .
There also seems to be a preference for the quotients to be small numbers in these examples .
The cfe for was first calculated by
Roger Cotes , the Plumian Professor of Experimental Philosophy at Cambridge , in 1714 .
Continued fractions allow us to probe an otherwise hidden order within the realm of numbers .
If we had written the number as a decimal ( ) or even in binary ( ) then it looks a pretty nondescript number .
Only when it is written as a continued fraction does its unique structure emerge .
Some Useful Applications
Approximating Pi
If we chop off an infinite cfe after a finite number of steps then we will create a rational approximation to the original irrational .
For example , in the case of , if we chop off the cfe at we get the familiar rational approximation for of .
If we keep two more terms then we have , an even better approximation to .
This approximation was known to the early Chinese .
The first eight rational approximations are
( 13 )
The more terms we retain in the cfe , the better the rational approximation becomes .
In fact , the cfe provides the best possible rational approximations to a general irrational number .
Notice also that if a large number occurs in the expansion of quotients , then truncating the cfe before that will produce an exceptionally good rational approximation .
Later on we shall see that , in some sense , it is probable that most cfe quotients are small numbers ( or ) , so the appearance in the cfe of of a number as large as so early in the expansion is rather unusual .
It also leads to an extremely good rational approximation to
Pythagorean musical scales
The ancient Pythagoreans discovered that the division of the string of a musical instrument by a ratio determined by small integers resulted in an appealing relationship .
For example , a half length gives a frequency ratio of , the musical octave , and a third length gives a ratio of , the musical fifth , a quarter length gives a frequency ratio , the musical fourth , a frequency ratio , the major third .
We can now ask how the Pythagorean scale fits together .
For example , how many major thirds equal an integral number of octaves ; that is , when is
( 14 )
Taking logarithms to the base , we are looking for a solution .
Since the is irrational there cannot be any exact solutions for integers and .
But there are " almost " solutions .
To find them we just look at the cfe of .
Chopping it after the first fractional term gives the rational approximation , so the approximate solution to our problem is , , and
( 15 )
If we used the next cf approximant we would get which is rather awkward to handle .
Gears without tears
Saturn
Huygens was building a mechanical model of the solar system and wanted to design the gear ratios to produce a proper scaled version of the planetary orbits .
So , for example , in Huygens ' day it was thought that the time required for the planet Saturn to orbit the Sun is years ( it is now known to be years ) .
In order to model this motion correctly to scale , he needed to make two gears , one with teeth , the other with teeth , so that is approximately .
Since it is hard to fashion small gears with a huge number of teeth , Huygens looked for relatively small values of and .
He calculated the cfe of and read off the first few rational approximations : .
Thus , to simulate accurately Saturn 's motion with respect to that of the Earth's , Huygens made one gear with teeth and the other with teeth .
A schematic of Huygens ' gear train
One of Ramanujan 's tricks revealed
The remarkable Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan ( 1887-1920 )
was famous for his uncanny intuition about numbers and their inter-relationships .
Like mathematicians of past centuries he was fond of striking formulae and would delight in revealing ( apparently from nowhere ) extraordinarily accurate approximations ( can you show that ? ) .
Ramanujan was especially fond of cfes and had an intimate knowledge of their properties .
Knowing this one can see how he arrived at some of his unusual approximation formulae .
He knew that when some irrational number produced a very large quotient in the first few term of its cfe then it could be rationalised to produce an extremely accurate approximation to some irrational .
A nice example is provided by Ramanujan ’s approximation to the value of ,
( 16 )
which is good to parts in .
How did he arrive at this ?
Knowing of his fascination with continued fractions we can guess that he knew something interesting about the cfe of .
Indeed , there is something interesting to know : quotient number six in the continued fraction expansion of is huge :
( 17 )
By using the rational approximation that comes from truncating the cfe before you get a remarkably accurate approximation to ; now just take its fourth root .
Ramanujan was also interested in other varieties of nested expansion .
In 1911 he asked in an article in the Journal of the Indian Mathematical Society what the value was of the following strange formula , an infinite nested continued root :
( 18 )
A few months went by and no one could supply an answer .
Ramanujan revealed that the answer is simply and proved a beautiful general formula for continued roots :
( 19 )
Applied mathematicians have found that by approximating functions by continued function expansions , called Padé approximants , they often obtain far more accurate low - order approximations than by using Taylor series expansions .
By truncating them at some finite order , they end up with an approximation that is represented by the ratio of two polynomials .
Rational approximations - how good can they get ?
Minding your p's and q's
Continued fractions allow us to probe an otherwise hidden order within the realm of numbers .
If we had written the decimal part of the number ( ) or even in binary ( ) then it looks a pretty nondescript number .
Only when it is written as a continued fraction does its unique status emerge .
The rational fractions which are obtained by chopping off a cfe at order are called the convergents of the cf .
We denote them by .
As increases , the difference between an irrational and its convergent decreases
( 20 )
how quickly ?
The cfe also allows us to gauge the simplicity of an irrational number , according to how easily it is approximatable by a rational fraction .
The number is in this sense the " most irrational " of numbers , converging slowest of all to a rational fraction because all the are equal to , the smallest possible value .
In fact , Lagrange showed that for any irrational number there are an infinite number of rational approximations , , satisfying
( 21 )
where the statement becomes false if is replaced by a larger number .
In the case of the rational approximations to provided by the cfe , they are as and they have the weakest convergent rate allowed by equation 21 with
( 22 )
Thus the cfe shows that the golden mean stays farther away from the rational numbers than any other irrational number .
Moreover , for any , the denominator to the rational approximation produced by truncating the cfe of any number satisfies
( 23 )
If the cfe is finite then will only extend up to the end of the expansion .
In fact , it is possible to pin down the accuracy of the rational approximation in terms of the denominators , , from both directions by
( 24 )
There are many other interesting properties of cfes but one might have thought that there could not be any very strong properties or patterns in the cfes of all numbers because they can behave in any way that you wish .
Pick any finite or infinite list of integers that you like any they will form the quotients of one and only one number .
Conversely , any real number you care to choose will have a unique cfe into a finite or an infinite list of integers which form the quotients of its cfe .
A search for general properties thus seems hopeless .
Pick a list ( finite or infinite ) of integers with any series of properties that you care to name and it will form the cfe of some number .
However , while this is true , if we restrict our search to the properties of the cfes of almost any ( a.e. ) real number – so omitting a set of ’ special numbers ’ which have a zero probability of being chosen at random from all the real numbers - then there are remarkable general properties shared by all their cfes .
The Patterns Behind Almost Every Number
Gauss 's other probability distribution
The general pattern of cfes was first discovered in 1812 by the great German mathematician Carl Friedrich Gauss ( 1777 - 1855 ) , but ( typically ) he did n't publish his findings .
Instead , he merely wrote to Pierre Laplace in Paris telling him what he had found , that for typical continued fraction expansions , the probabilityapproachesas .
Only in 1928 was Gauss 's proof reconstructed and generalised by the Russian mathematician R.O. Kuzmin and ( in a different way ) , also one year later by the French mathematician Paul Lévy ( 1886-1971 ) .
If we consider the infinite cfe of a.e. real number then , in the limit that grows large , the probability that the quotient is equal to the integer approaches
( 25 )
This has some important features .
First , check that , because it is a probability distribution , if we take the sum over all values of from to , the answer is .
Second , we see that large values of are rare : in fact , evaluating etc shows that about of the quotients are expected to be , and to be .
As increases the probability of larger values of appearing in the quotients is very small .
If we look at our examples in equations 9 - 12 then we see that is a member of the special set of real numbers not included in the designation " almost every " .
However , appears to be a member .
If we look back at Ramanujan ’s approximation for , generated from equation 17 , we see that the probability of a quotient as large as 16539 is only about parts in .
If we make large enough to expand the numerator using the binomial theorem ( so that behaves as ) , then as .
This means that if we try to find the average ( or arithmetic mean ) value of in the cfe of a.e. number we get an infinite answer .
The average is the sum from to of which only falls off as as and this sum diverges .
Lévy 's constant
Paul Lévy showed that when we confine attention to almost every continued fraction expansion then we can say something equally surprising and general about the rational convergents .
We have already seen in equations 21 - 24 that the rational approximations to real numbers improve as some constant times as increases .
It can be shown that , for a.e. number , its cannot grow exponentially fast as increases ( as for some positive ) .
Lévy isolated the actual growth rate to be determined by a fundamental constant , so that for the denominators of the quotients in the cfe of almost any real number
( 26 )
where the Lévy constant , , is found to be
( 27 )
Khinchin's constant
Then the Russian mathematician Aleksandr Khinchin ( 1894 -1959 )
proved the third striking result about the quotients of almost any cfe .
Although the arithmetic mean , or average , of the does not have a finite value , the geometric mean does .
Indeed , it has a finite value that is universal for the cfes of almost all real numbers .
He showed that as
( 28 )
where Khinchin ’s constant , , is given by a slowly converging infinite product
( 29 )
Thus the geometric mean quotient value is about , reflecting the domination by small values that we have seen in the probability distribution .
Again , it is interesting to see how closely this value is approached by the quotients of .
If we list the appearance of different values of etc amongst the first terms in the cfe of , then the values and their frequencies in decreasing order of appearance , are as follows :
We see that there is already quite good convergence to the predicted values of for the small values of .
If we calculate the geometric mean , then we find even better convergence to Khinchin ’s constant ,
( 30 )
Remarkably , if you calculate the cfe of Khinchin ’s constant itself you will find that its terms also have a geometric mean that approaches Khinchin ’s constant as their number approaches infinity .
A notable exception
The most important number that is not a member of the club of " almost every number " whose geometric mean value approaches Khinchin ’s is .
From equation 9 , it is easy to work out what happens to the geometric mean as .
All the ’s do nothing to the product of the ’s and what remains is just twice the product of successive numbers , which introduces and so we can use a good approximation for it , like Stirling ’s , to show that as
( 31 )
Chaotic Numbers
Numbers as chaotic processes
The operation of generating the infinite list of cfe quotients from a.e. real number is a chaotic process .
Suppose the real number we wish to expand is and we split it into the sum of its integer part ( denoted ) and its fractional part ( denoted ) , so
( 32 )
Sometimes we write to denote taking the integer part ; for example .
Now if we start with a number like , the first quotient is just , and the fractional part is .
The next quotient is the integer part of the fractional part , ; the next fractional part is , and so .
This simple procedure gives the first few quotients of , that we listed above in equation 12 .
The fractional parts ( by definition ) are always real numbers between and .
They can not be equal to or or the number would be a rational fraction and the cfe would be finite .
The process of generating successive fractional parts is given by a non-linear difference equation which maps into and then subtracts the integer part :
( 33 )
The function is composed of an infinite number of hyperbolic branches .
Graph 1 : The function T( x ) ( equation 33 ) .
If we apply this mapping over and over again from almost any starting value given by a real number with an infinite cfe , then the output of values of approaches a particular probability distribution , first found by Gauss :
( 34 )
Again , as with any probability distribution , we can check that .
Graph 2 : The probability distribution p( x ) ( equation 34 ) .
What is chaos ?
In order for a mapping like to be chaotic it must amplify small differences in values of when the mapping is applied over and over again .
This requires the magnitude of its derivative to be everywhere greater than .
Since and this is clearly true .
But this amplification sensitivity clearly depends on the value that is generated – the closer the value is to so the greater is .
A small uncertainty will be amplified to by the action of the map .
Chaotic sensitivity means that the growth is exponentially rapid , as .
We shall take the mean value of , the exponent of sensitivity , averaged with respect to the probability distribution , equation 34 , that governs the output of values from the map .
This mean sensitivity , denoted , is sometimes called the Kolmogorov , or metric , entropy of the mapping , and is therefore given by
( 35 )
For our mapping , given by equation 33 , its value is given by
( 36 )
If is non-zero then a mapping is said to be chaotic : small uncertainties in its initial conditions will be exponentially amplified as the mapping is iterated .
In the case of a cfe we see that this means that the cfes of two real numbers that are very close will ultimately diverge exponentially with , the number quotients generated .
Continued fractions provide one of the simplest exactly soluble chaotic mappings .
Notice how the probability distribution is very smooth and simple , even though the succession of outputs from iterations of the map to generate successive appears purposeless .
The mapping is deterministic but any uncertainty in the initial conditions ( because the value of is prescribed to only a finite number of decimal places ) will be rapidly amplified .
The cfe of a real number can be generalised in a natural way to create what is called the - expansion of a real number ( ) , by writing
( 37 )
where is a monotonically increasing or decreasing positive function .
The are non-negative digits that specify the quotients of the - expansion of .
The cfe is the particular case of .
Continued Fractions in the Universe
The Solar System
Continued fractions appear in the study of many chaotic systems .
If a problem of dynamics reduces to the motion of a point bouncing off the walls of a non-circular enclosure , of which the game of billiards is a classic example , then continued fraction expansions of the numbers fixing the initial conditions will describe many aspects of the dynamics as a sequence of collisions occurs .
A striking example of this sort has been discovered in the study of solutions in the general theory of relativity , which describe the behaviour of possible universes as we follow them back to the start of their expansion , or follow the behaviour of matter as it plummets into the central singularity of a black hole .
In each of these cases , a chaotic sequence of tidal oscillations occurs , whose statistics are exactly described by the continued fraction expansion of numbers that specify their starting conditions .
Even though the individual trajectory of a particle falling into the black hole singularity is chaotically unpredictable , it possesses statistical regularities that are determined by the general properties of cfes .
The constants of Khinchin and Lévy turn out to characterise the behaviour of these problems of cosmology and black hole physics .
Continued fractions are also prominent in other chaotic orbit problems .
Numbers whose cfes end in an infinite string of s , like the golden mean , are called noble numbers .
The golden mean is the " noblest " of all because all of its quotients are s .
As we have said earlier , this reflects the fact that it is most poorly approximated by a rational number .
Consequently , these numbers characterise the frequencies of undulating motions which are least susceptible to being perturbed into chaotic instability .
Typically , a system which can oscillate in two ways , like a star that is orbiting around a galaxy and also wobbling up and down through the plane of the galaxy , will have two frequencies determining those different oscillations .
If the ratio of those frequencies is a rational fraction then the motion will ultimately be periodic , but if it is an irrational number then the motion will be non-periodic , exploring all the possibilities compatible with the conservation of its energy and angular momentum .
If we perturb a system that has a rational frequency ratio , then it can easily be shifted into a chaotic situation with irrational frequencies .
The golden ratio is the most stable because it is farthest away from one of these irrational ratios .
In fact , the stability of our solar system over long periods of time is contingent upon certain frequency ratios lying very close to noble numbers .
Continued fractions are a forgotten part of our mathematical education but their properties are vital guides to approximation and important probes of the complexities of dynamical chaos .
They appear in a huge variety of physical problems .
I hope that this article has given a taste of their unexpected properties .
Further Reading :
J.D. Barrow , " Chaotic Behaviour in General Relativity " , Physics Reports 85 , 1 ( 1982 ) .
G.H. Hardy and E.M. Wright , An Introduction to the Theory of Numbers , Oxford University Presss , 4th ed. ( 1968 ) .
A.Y. Khinchin , Continued Fractions , University of Chicago Press ( 1961 ) .
C.D. Olds , Continued Fractions , Random House , NY ( 1963 ) .
M. Schroeder , Number Theory in Science and Communication , 2nd edn. , Springer ( 1986 ) .
D. Shanks and J.W. Wrench , " Khinchin's Constant " , American Mathematics Monthly 66 , 276 ( 1959 )
J.J. Tattersall , Elementary Number Theory in Nine Chapters , Cambridge University Press ( 1999 ) .
About the author
John D. Barrow is a Professor in the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at the University of Cambridge .
He is the Director of our own Millennium Mathematics Project .
I am stunned .
Absolutely stunned .
Bush brags about being a C student .
McCain brags about graduating fifth from the bottom of his class of 899 people .
And people laugh and applaud .
If the McBush fits , wear it .
: : : : : : : : : :
Sept. 11 , 2008  -- Sarah Palin may toe John McCain 's line on national security issues , but when it comes to global warming and drilling for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , the running mates will " agree to disagree , " the Alaska Governor said in an exclusive interview with ABC News 's Charlie Gibson .
On the anniversary of the worst terrorist attack in U.S. history , Gov. Sarah Palin sat down with Gibson for the first two of three interviews , discussing national security and then energy policy and climate change .
The interviews took place in Alaska Thursday immediately before and after a deployment ceremony for her son Track , 19 , a private in the U.S. Army who will leave for Iraq later this month .
Palin , just two years into her first term as governor , made a name for herself as a " reformer " and used the day 's second interview to trumpet her record of taking on Big Oil and the Republican mandarins of Alaska .
In the day 's first interview , Palin hewed closely to the McCain talking points , mirroring the presidential nominee 's positions on foreign policy and national security .
In the day 's second interview , when it came to the discussion of energy policy , turf the Alaska governor is far more comfortable discussing , many of the differences between she and McCain were exposed .
McCain has said he believes humans are responsible for climate change and that the government should not allow drilling in ANWR , positions opposite to those of his running mate .
" Do you still believe that global warming is not man made ? " Gibson asked Palin .
" I believe that man 's activities certainly can be contributing to the issue of global warming , climate change .
Here in Alaska , the only arctic state in our Union , of course , we see the effects of climate change more so than any other area with ice pack melting .
Regardless though of the reason for climate change , whether it 's entirely , wholly caused by man 's activities or is part of the cyclical nature of our planet -- the warming and the cooling trends -- regardless of that , John McCain and I agree that we gotta do something about it and we have to make sure that we 're doing all we can to cut down on pollution . "
In the past , including in an interview with Newsmax.com in August just ahead of her nomination , Palin said : " I 'm not one though who would attribute [ global warming ] to being man-made . "
In her interview with Gibson she was much more measured in her response .
McCain and Palin agree on offshore drilling but differ on exploration in ANWR , a federally protected wildlife reserve .
" I 'm going to keep working on that one with him .
ANWR , of course , is a 2,000 acre swath of land in the middle of about a 20 million acre swath of land .
2,000 acres that we 're asking the feds to unlock so that there can be exploration and development …
We 'll agree to disagree but I 'm gonna keep pushing that and I think eventually we 're all gonna come together on that one . "
It might , however , not take so much work to convince McCain to change his mind .
" I continue to examine it , " the Arizona Senator told The Weekly Standard at the end of August about ANWR .
The comfort she showed when talking about a proposed pipeline that would supply the lower 48 states with natural gas from Alaska , contrasted sharply with her generally rote talking points on national security during the day 's first interview with Gibson .
Palin has no previous foreign policy experience and her comments hewed closely to the McCain camp 's established foreign policy positions on former Soviet nations joining NATO , and the threats posed from Islamic terrorists and a nuclear Iran .
When asked if Georgia joined NATO , whether the United States should go to war if the country was again invaded by Russia , Palin responded : " Perhaps so .
I mean , that is the agreement when you are a NATO ally , is if another country is attacked , you 're going to be expected to be called upon and help . "
" And we 've got to keep an eye on Russia .
For Russia to have exerted such pressure in terms of invading a smaller democratic country , unprovoked , is unacceptable , " she said .
Palin -- whose military experience is limited to her gubernatorial role as commander - in - chief of the Alaska National Guard , an organization with fewer members than there are citizens in the town of which she was mayor -- tried to tout her energy expertise in lieu of her lack of national security policy .
" Let me speak specifically about a credential that I do bring to this table , Charlie , and that 's with the energy independence that I 've been working on for these years as the governor of this state that produces nearly 20 percent of the U.S. domestic supply of energy , that I worked on as chairman of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission , overseeing the oil and gas development in our state to produce more for the United States ... but I want you to not lose sight of the fact that energy is a foundation of national security .
It 's that important .
It 's that significant , " she said .
Palin , 44 , whose political career began with the PTA and a city - council seat in Wasilla and who obtained her first passport last year , told Gibson that she was up to the challenge of being Sen.
John McCain 's vice president .
Palin said she knew immediately that she was prepared to run as vice president when McCain offered her the job .
It is a core of shared values and drive that makes them a good team , she said .
" I answered [ McCain ] ' yes , ' because I have the confidence in that readiness and knowing that you can't blink , you have to be wired in a way of being so committed to the mission , the mission that we 're on , reform of this country and victory in the war , you can't blink . "
" I thought yes right off the bat . …
When he offered me the position as his running mate , the first thing I said to him was , ' Do you really think that I could help the ticket ?
Do you really think that I could help this country ?
Absolutely , I want to do this with you . ' "
On Israel 's right to defend itself against a nuclear - armed and bellicose Iranian regime , Palin agreed with McCain that the country had a right to take action .
" Well , first , we are friends with Israel and I do n't think that we should second - guess the measures that Israel has to take to defend themselves and for their security . "
Iran , she said , presented a threat not only to Israel but to " everyone in the world . "
" We have got to make sure that these weapons of mass destruction , that nuclear weapons are not given to those hands of [ Iranian President Mahmoud ]
Ahmadinejad , not that he would use them , but that he would allow terrorists to be able to use them , " she said .
Though seemingly flummoxed by the term , Palin agreed in principle to the " Bush doctrine , " or the idea that the United States has the right to preemptively strike another country before first being attacked .
" Charlie , if there is legitimate and enough intelligence that tells us that a strike is imminent against American people , we have every right to defend our country .
In fact , the president has the obligation , the duty to defend .
When asked whether the United States should be able to invade Pakistan in pursuit of terrorists along the Afghanistan border , Palin demurred .
" Is that a yes ? " asked Gibson .
" That you think we have the right to go across the border with or without the approval of the Pakistani government , to go after terrorists who are in the Waziristan area ? "
Palin responded , saying : " I believe that America has to exercise all options in order to stop the terrorists who are hell bent on destroying America and our allies .
We have got to have all options out there on the table . "
Palin defended a previous statement in which she reportedly characterized the war in Iraq as a " task from God . "
Gibson quoted her as saying : " Our national leaders are sending U.S. soldiers on a task that is from God . "
But Palin said she was referencing a famous quote by Abraham Lincoln .
" I would never presume to know God 's will or to speak God 's words .
But what Abraham Lincoln had said , and that 's a repeat in my comments , was let us not pray that God is on our side in a war or any other time , but let us pray that we are on God 's side . "
When asked if she believed she was " sending [ her ] son on a task that is from God , " Palin said : " I do n't know if the task is from God , Charlie .
What I know is that my son has made a decision .
I am so proud of his independent and strong decision he has made , what he decided to do and serving for the right reasons and serving something greater than himself and not choosing a real easy path where he could be more comfortable and certainly safer . "
GOP Rep .
Foley to face no sex offense charges Associated Press
Published : Thursday September 18 , 2008
Print This Email This By BRIAN SKOLOFF
WEST PALM BEACH , Fla . ( AP ) - Former U.S. Rep. Mark
Foley is n't expected to face charges after a lengthy investigation into his lurid messages to underage congressional pages , two federal law enforcement officials told The Associated Press on Thursday .
The officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the case , said the results of a state investigation would be announced Friday .
They said neither state nor federal charges were expected , although an FBI investigation has not been closed yet .
Foley resigned in 2006 after being confronted with the e-mails and instant messages he sent to male pages .
He has since been under investigation by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and the FBI .
Read the rest ...
This video is from CBS 4 Miami , broadcast September 18 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Now that you have registered a new domain name it ’s time to put it to work !
Whether you are setting up a personal page , business website or an online store you will need to begin by pointing this domain name at your hosting server .
Once this is done your website will be visible to everyone .
Our powerful Voice Over Internet Protocol ( VoIP ) business phone system offers a host of advantages for businesses and homes over traditional phone systems
To make changes to your domain settings you will need to login to your account at Yay.com
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) -- Iraq and the United States are close to reaching a deal under which U.S. combat troops would leave by December 2010 and the rest would leave by the end of 2011 , two Iraqi officials said Thursday .
U.S. soldiers patrol a street in Baghdad , Iraq , last week .
One of the officials , Deputy Foreign Minister Mohammed al - Haj Mahmoud , said the two governments probably will reach a final deal within days .
He and Haider Al - Ababdi , a Shiite parliament member from Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki's Dawa Party , said that under the deal , U.S. troops would be restricted to their bases by June 30 instead of patrolling Iraq 's streets .
Mahmoud , the head of Iraq 's delegation negotiating a deal on how U.S. troops will operate there , also said the Iraqi government would be able to request that some troops stay longer .
Two senior U.S. officials said negotiators have made progress and are close to a deal .
But they also said that some issues are unresolved and that troop withdrawals would be tied to conditions on the ground .
Watch what hurdles remain before a troop withdrawal »
The U.S. military presence is spelled out by a U.N. mandate , which is to expire by the end of this year .
Iraq and the United States want to replace that mandate with a status - of - forces agreement governing how U.S. troops will operate in Iraq .
The U.S. officials said U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice spoke with al - Maliki on Wednesday to try to resolve the issue of legal immunity for U.S. contractors working in Iraq .
The officials described the phone call as tense .
Under a provision put into place in the early days of the U.S. - led occupation of Iraq , security contractors have had immunity from Iraqi law .
The Iraqi government has criticized the blanket immunity because of incidents such as the fatal shootings of 17 people in Baghdad 's Nusoor Square on September 16 .
Iraqi officials say Blackwater Worldwide contractors killed the 17 .
Sunni politician killed
Also Thursday , a senior member of a Sunni political party that recently rejoined Iraq 's government was fatally shot in the northern city of Mosul , the party said .
Gunmen assassinated Mahmoud Younis Fathi , a senior member of the Iraqi Islamic Party in Nineveh province and the director of religious schools for the Sunni Endowment , the party said .
Fathi's bodyguard also was killed as the pair traveled to work .
Mosul police confirmed the slayings near Fathi's house in the western part of the city .
Sunni insurgents have targeted Sunnis who cooperate with the U.S. - backed Iraqi government .
American and Iraqi troops have been fighting al Qaeda in Iraq in Mosul and surrounding Nineveh province in northern Iraq .
The Iraqi Islamic Party is the largest party in the Iraqi Accord Front bloc , which recently rejoined Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki 's government after bolting last year over disagreements with the leadership .
The Accord bloc -- which includes 44 lawmakers in the 275 - member parliament -- pulled six ministers from the Cabinet last summer for several reasons , including what it called the monopolization of power by Shiites and Kurds and what it regarded as the unjust detention of Sunnis .
But Sunnis have been more friendly toward the al - Maliki government because of its efforts this year in promoting prisoner amnesty , sharing power and taking on militants in Shiite regions such as Basra , Amara and Baghdad 's Sadr City neighborhood .
The leader of the Iraqi Islamic Party is Tariq al - Hashimi , one of Iraq 's two vice presidents .
" The assassination of Mahmoud Younis Fathi is a cruel crime targeting the national voices and mission of taking care of youths in Mosul , " the Iraqi Islamic Party said , adding that it " condemns and denounces " the killing .
In other violence Thursday in Mosul , insurgents killed three police and wounded six people by rigging a cart with explosives .
About 8 p.m.
Thursday , a suicide bomber 's car exploded after Iraqi police shot at it , an Interior Ministry official said .
The explosion happened before the car reached a police station in al - Wahda neighborhood in southern Mosul , but eight policemen were wounded , the official said .
In another restive area of northern Iraq , Salaheddin province , a roadside bombing critically wounded a police chief , authorities said .
Gen .
Hamed Namis al - Jabouri , police commander in Salaheddin , and seven other police officers were wounded when the bomb struck a convoy , police in Tikrit said .
They were evacuated to a military hospital in Tikrit .
Meanwhile , the U.S. military said coalition troops in Iraq detained 25 people in raids targeting al Qaeda in Iraq militants .
The raids took place in Baghdad , Salman Pak , Mosul , Bi'aj and Baiji .
CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Arwa Damon in Baghdad and Elise Labott in Washington contributed to this report .
All About Iraq • Al Qaeda in Iraq • Sadr City
Short version : John “ Where ’s My Cane ? ” McCain has publicly chided Bush for his handling of the Katrina disaster and yet voted twice against investigating the response to Katrina .
He also voted against emergency funding for victims of Katrina and Wilma , against first responders , etc .
In this video , prominent Republicans Bob McCollum and Gov. Bill Crist take McCain to task for failing to support a National Catastrophe Fund that would protect all homeowners in case of disaster — thus lowering insurance and raising property values .
What ’s really stunning is that McCain recently lied to reporters about his votes to investigate the disastrous handling of the worst humanitarian crisis our country has ever seen .
Different from George W. Bush ?
I do n’t think so .
To crib Kanye , John McCain does not care about black people .
Or the truth .
Let us not forget that during the Katrina crisis on the day the levees breached , while people were hungry , homeless , dying , etc — John McCain was all smiles enjoying a birthday photo op in AZ with none other than an oblivious George Bush .
Let them eat cake .
Check out the video on Hurricane McCain .
Cenk Uygur at YoungTurks digs deeper below .
And get more on the story from Sam Stein at HuffPo .
But hey — “ at least no Arabian Horses died ” during Katrina .
Check out McCain ’s flip , callous humor on whether he ’d appoint a guy like Brownie to head FEMA .
This issue demands more sunlight as it not only impacts the economy , highlights Katrina recovery and takes on a topic of great interest in a battleground state , Florida .
OTTAWA–The RCMP call it Occurrence No. 2007-34748 .
Millions of people around the world know it as the infamous Taser zapping at the Vancouver International Airport last October that sparked so many questions about Robert Dziekanski's death .
The Mounties have stripped any new answers from a heavily censored report on the high - profile stun gun incident , obtained by The Canadian Press and CBC under the Access to Information Act .
Dziekanski died in the early hours of Oct. 14 after the RCMP hit the 40 - year - old Polish immigrant with a Taser and pinned him to the airport floor .
Police fired the electronic stun gun 's metal probes less than 30 seconds after arriving on the scene of a sweaty , agitated Dziekanski , who had earlier tossed a small table and computer monitor in frustration .
Opposition MPs and human rights groups have criticized the RCMP for suppressing details of Taser cases , including injuries suffered by people stunned and whether they were experiencing a mental health crisis at the time .
The national police force has gone even further with the Dziekanski report , deleting information it routinely releases in other cases .
Though Dziekanski's name is struck from the four - page form , it is readily identifiable as his case , listing basic details well known to those who watched an amateur video of the RCMP arriving on the scene and shooting a Taser X26 at Dziekanski , who quickly crumpled in a heap .
Absent from the report is the name and rank of the officer who fired the Taser , the name of his supervisor , details about the duration of the firing , and the number of times the weapon was used in stun mode – a contact Tasering that 's akin to leaning on a hot stove .
A written summary of the incident has been blanked out along with assessments as to whether use of the Taser helped the RCMP either ``avoid use of lethal force " or " avoid injuries to subject or Police . "
A passage about whether Dziekanski was armed or not has also been excised .
One witness says he was waving a stapler at police .
New information is scant .
The form says the RCMP officer issued the standard verbal command , " Police stop or you will be hit with 50,000 volts of electricity . "
The lighting conditions are described as " Good artificial light . "
And the serial number of the Taser was X00- 2226496 .
In a letter accompanying the form , the RCMP says it invoked exemptions under the Access to Information
Act to protect the privacy of the person stunned and to guard confidences about the force 's investigations and weapons .
The RCMP did not return a phone call Sunday seeking comment on why it censored more information than usual .
The deletions may , however , be due to the fact the Crown is still deciding whether to lay charges in the case following completion of a homicide probe .
Liberal public safety critic Ujjal Dosanjh said regardless of the investigation the RCMP should tell the public whether Dziekanski was armed and how many times he was hit with the Taser .
" I do n't see any reason why there should be an impediment to releasing information about how many times Mr. Dziekanski was stunned , " he said in an interview Sunday .
" Why would that be a problem , unless that was a fact in dispute ? "
RCMP Commissioner William Elliott said last month the Mounties have been forced to make tough choices on how much to publicly disclose about Taser incidents .
" Our motivation is not to avoid criticism or controversy by exercising our discretion one way or the other , but to strike an appropriate balance between sometimes competing interests like privacy and the public 's right to know , " he said during a speech in Gatineau , Que .
" I believe we need to do a better job in assessing and factoring in the public interest .
We need to recognize that given the sensitive nature of much of our work , the RCMP can tend to lean towards less disclosure rather than more . "
Elliott said some information about stun gun use cannot be made public .
And he noted the Commission for Public Complaints Against the RCMP has access to full versions of all of the force 's Taser reports .
Insp. Troy Lightfoot , an RCMP spokesman , said in March that internal analysis of the forms concluded the painful weapons were being used correctly .
Blistering newspaper editorials and opposition critics said Canadians were being asked to blindly trust the Mounties .
The force agreed to take a second look and last month released some additional details about Taser firings .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Last November a Canadian Press analysis of 563 cases between 2002 and 2005 found three in four suspects Tasered by the RCMP were unarmed .
Several of those reports suggested a pattern of stun gun use as a convenient means of keeping drunk or rowdy people in line , rather than to defuse life - threatening clashes .
Twenty people in Canada have died soon after being Tasered .
Manufacturer Taser International stresses that its device has never been directly blamed for a death , although it has been cited as a contributing factor in several cases .
Taser chairman Tom Smith and Dosanjh are slated to testify Monday at a British Columbia inquiry into Taser use .
18:06ET 11-05-08
Engineer becomes successful artist after stroke rewires his brain
New man : Ken Walters discovered a hitherto unknown talent for art after a stroke rewired his brain
A former engineer who was disabled and living on benefits has turned his life around - after a stroke rewired his brain and turned him into an artist .
Ken Walters suffered multiple spine fractures and massive internal injuries when he was crushed against a wall by a fork lift truck when a driver lost control .
The horrific accident left him wheelchair - bound and jobless and triggered a 19 - year depression .
Two life - threatening heart attacks deepened his gloom .
And when things looked like they could n't get any worse , Mr Walters suffered a stroke at his home in 2005 .
But incredibly the cerebral haemorrhage turned out to be an astonishing piece of good fortune .
For it ' rewired ' part of his brain and spawned an artistic flair he never previously possessed .
Now , after his early doodles developed into advanced digital images , Mr Walters has created his own software and been snapped up by computer giant EA games at the age of 51 .
The global firm has asked him to create digital creatures for a new educational game on evolution .
Mr Walters has already netted a cool £ 30,000 from his back bedroom creativity .
Newfound talent :
Two examples of Mr Walter 's in - demand digital art
Speaking from his home in Ormskirk , Lancashire , he beamed : ' When I had the accident that put me in a wheelchair my life fell to pieces .
' I could n't work , I could n't even walk , and my passion and drive just ebbed out of me .
I slumped into depression and must have been on a downer for nearly twenty years .
' Then I had the stroke and this passion for art just came out from nowhere .
' I hated it in school .
I was never really the arty type , more hands on .
But I have to say wherever this new found love for art has come from it 's certainly changed my life forever .
' Although I did n't realise it at the time , having a stroke was the biggest blessing in disguise I ever could have wished for .
' I have amazed myself by the turnaround to be honest but I 'm loving every minute of it .
Now I would n't change my life for anything . '
Ken Walters secured a deal with EA games for the rights to use his designs
Ken 's stroke of luck happened as he was talking on the phone to a pal at his ground - floor flat in Ormskirk .
He said : ' I just started slurring my words and my speech slowed down and I started drooling over the phone .
' It was very strange I was n't in pain but I was getting really agitated .
' Doctors later told me I had suffered a mild stroke . '
The haemorrhage left Ken 's left side paralysed and he needed speech therapy for seven months .
Desperately looking for something to relieve his boredom but with little strength to perform everyday tasks , he picked up a pencil and started doodling on paper .
' I just started pencilling these abstract patterns , ' he said .
' I was n't actually drawing anything , just letting my hands do whatever my brain was telling them .
' I could n't hold the brush properly yet I just had these urges to draw .
It was bizarre because before the stroke I 'd never been the arty type .
I hated it in school . '
Doctors convinced the abstract musings were the result of a rewiring of the brain encouraged Ken to develop his new found hobby .
' My doctor told me following a stroke your brain usually rewires itself to avoid the damaged bits and often leads to discovering hidden talents , ' he said .
Bachelor Ken started transferring his work to computers and within months had become an expert in digital imagery and had even created his own software .
Mr Walters said he would n't change his life for anything , since finding his new talent
Sensing a new business opportunity , he started selling his work to online bidders and forged contacts with a host of big name computer firms .
Then came the breakthrough on October last year .
EA games were so impressed with a gallery of computerised creatures he had dreamed up they commissioned him to design 100 digital dinosaurs for a new educational game called Spore .
Now Ken owns the copyright for the creatures and gets a cut of merchandise sales .
He 's also been snapped up to design mobile wallpaper for online download company chi-qui.com and his paltry £ 30 - a - week income has soared to more than £ 30,000 a year .
Ken said : ' I still have to pinch myself at times .
I 'm a very lucky man because you see so many tragic tales of how strokes leave people in a vegetated state .
' That could easily have been me but it was n't .
And now I 've found the biggest passion I 've ever had in my life .
It 's remarkable .
' Now I 'm planning to go from strength to strength and get my name known around the globe as a leading digital artist . '
The Evangelical Outpost , a major Christian blog , last week published a positive review of Nancy Pearcey ‘s book Total Truth : Liberating Christianity from its Cultural Captivity .
In it , Pearcey argues that true Christians must purge their thinking of evolution and all other secular ideas and philosophies :
Most Christians are more secular then they realize , and this must change if the Church is to have any sort of significant cultural impact …
Christians must counter the affects [ sic ] of secularism by developing a comprehensive biblical worldview .
It ’s no surprise that Pearcey , a young - earth creationist , believes it is vital for Christians to reject evolution .
But her goals , and the goals of the movement to which she belongs , are broader than this .
The modern religious right ’s plan is not to defend their various beliefs in piecemeal fashion .
Instead , they seek to create a self - contained world within the real world , one where all the channels of information present only the views they approve , and believers are never exposed to dissenting opinions .
Slacktivist , a far better kind of Christian , has an insightful article on this phenomenon , discussing the many “ Christian worldview ” groups .
This phrase , as he explains , is code for the fundamentalist enclaves like Bob Jones University that seek to instill a rigid and all - encompassing dogma into their followers ’ minds .
The intent is to create believers who automatically distrust any information that does not come from “ safe ” , approved sources of religious indoctrination , but who will unquestioningly obey the leaders of the fundamentalist movement .
If we freethinkers believe in the marketplace of ideas , a thriving realm of debate where different viewpoints can freely clash and mingle , the dominionist right has a different vision .
They do not want to be just another participant in the marketplace ; they want to withdraw from that broader sphere and create their own marketplace , one where only their voices are heard .
Like a memetic analogue of “ bubble boy ” syndrome , they want to enclose their followers in a protective bubble of sterilized information , allowing nothing that might disturb their preconceptions to pass through .
( A commenter on the Evangelical Outpost clearly conveys this when he expresses desire for “ a return to filtering our thoughts and conclusions about reality through God ’s word ” ) .
When fundamentalists wave the banner of “ liberating Christianity from its cultural captivity ” , what they really mean is that they want to “ liberate ” Christianity from the burdensome constraints of objective reality .
They want to limit and restrict their followers ’ thoughts , to the point where they create a legion of faithful believers who are perfectly immune to contrary evidence and argument .
And once that is achieved , then the final stage of their plan :
Evangelicals , explains Pearcey , have traditionally thought of salvation only in terms of individual souls .
The idea that we are to have a redeeming influence in every area of culture is new to many …
People need to learn how to move beyond a merely privatized faith and apply biblical principles to areas like work , business , and politics .
Like most of the religious right today , Pearcey and her ideological comrades are not satisfied to see Christians having the freedom to practice their own faith .
They want to dominate society and impose that faith on others who do not share it .
The wish for Christians to have “ a redeeming influence on every area of culture ” is just a thinly disguised wish to eliminate all ideas that do not conform to their narrow and dogma - blinded vision .
How , then , can freethinkers overcome this strategy ?
How can we pierce the bubble of dogma and persuade believers to give us a fair hearing ?
An upcoming post will address that question .
MATERIAL DISCLOSURE :
APR Disclosure .
Some states have laws limiting the APR that a lender can charge you .
APRs range from 200 % and 1386 % .
Loans from a state that has no limiting laws or loans from a bank not governed by state laws may have an even higher APR .
The Annual Percentage Rate is the rate at which your loan accrues interest and is based upon the amount , cost and term of your loan , repayment amounts and timing of payments .
Lenders are legally required to show you the APR and other terms of your loan before you execute a loan agreement .
Material Disclosure .
The operator of this website is not a lender , loan broker or agent for any lender or loan broker .
We are an advertising referral service to qualified participating lenders that may be able to provide amounts between $ 100 and $ 1,000 .
Not all lenders can provide up to $ 1,000 and there is no guarantee that you will be accepted by an independent , participating lender .
This service does not constitute an offer or solicitation for loan products which are prohibited by any state law .
This is not a solicitation for a particular loan .
We do not endorse or charge you for any service or product .
Any compensation received is paid by participating lenders and only for advertising services provided .
This service and offer are void where prohibited .
We do not control and are not responsible for the actions of any lender .
We do not have access to the full terms of your loan .
For details , questions or concerns regarding your loan please contact your lender directly .
Only your lender can provide you with information about your specific loan terms , their current rates and charges , renewal , payments and the implications for non-payment or skipped payments .
The registration information submitted by you on this website will be shared with one or more participating lenders .
You are under no obligation to use our service to initiate contact with a lender , apply for credit or any loan product , or accept a loan from a participatign lender .
Cash transfer times and repayment terms vary between lenders .
Repayment terms may be regulated by state and local laws .
Some faxing may be required .
Be sure to review our FAQs for additional information on issues such as credit and late payment implications .
These disclosures are provided to you for information purposes only and should not be considered legal advice .
Exclusions .
Residents of some states may not be eligible for some or all short - term , small - dollar loans .
Residents of Arkansas , New York , Vermont and West Virginia are not eligible to utilize this website or service .
The states serviced by this website may change from time to time , without notice .
Credit Implications .
The operator of this website does not make any credit decisions .
Independent , participating lenders that you may be matched with may perform credit checks with credit reporting bureaus or obtain consumer reports , typically through alternative providers to determine credit worthiness , credit standing and / or credit capacity .
By submitting your information , you agree to allow participating lenders to verify your information and check your credit .
WASHINGTON — Americans ’ anger is in full bloom , jumping off the screen in capital letters and exclamation points , in the e-mail in - boxes of elected representatives in the nation ’s capital .
The backlash , in phone calls as well as e-mail messages , is putting lawmakers in a quandary
Around the country , Republican and Democratic voters are rising up in outright opposition to the White House plan or , at the very least , to express concern that it is being pushed through Congress in haste .
Senator Barbara Boxer , Democrat of California , has received nearly 17,000 e-mail messages , nearly all opposed to the bailout , her office said .
More than 2,000 constituents called Ms. Boxer ’s California office on Tuesday alone ; just 40 favored the bailout .
Her Washington office received 918 calls .
Just one supported the rescue plan .
Senator Sherrod Brown , Democrat of Ohio , said he had been getting 2,000 e-mail messages and telephone calls a day , roughly 95 percent opposed .
When Senator Bernard Sanders , the Vermont independent who votes with Democrats , posted a petition on his Web site asking Mr. Paulson to require that taxpayers receive an equity stake in the bailed - out companies , more than 20,000 people signed .
“ So many people have said to me , ‘ This is a democracy ; this is n’t a dictatorship , ’ ” Senator Kent Conrad , Democrat of North Dakota , said .
“ We are turning into a socialist country , ” one voter warned an aide to Senator Pete V. Domenici , Republican of New Mexico .
“ Let the markets work . ”
“ This is too serious a problem for the administration to expect us to just rubber - stamp a $ 700 billion proposal and rush to get out of town , ” said Senator Susan Collins , Republican of Maine .
“ That ’s something my constituents definitely wo n’t tolerate . ”
September 25 , 2008 Lawmakers ’ Constituents Make Their Bailout Views Loud and ClearBy SHERYL GAY STOLBERG “ I am hoping Congress can find the backbone to stand on their feet and not their knees before BIG BUSINESS , ” one correspondent wrote to Representative Jim McDermott of Washington .
“ I ’d rather leave a better world to my children — NOT A BANKRUPT NATION .
Whew !
Pardon my shouting , ” wrote another .
Mr. McDermott is a liberal Democrat , but his e-mail messages look a lot like the ones that Representative Candice S. Miller , a conservative Republican from Michigan , is receiving .
“ NO BAILOUT , I am a registered republican , ” one constituent wrote .
“ I will vote and campaign hard against you if we have to subsidize the very people that have sold out MY COUNTRY .” as they weigh what many regard as the most consequential decision of their careers : whether to agree to President Bush ’s request to spend an estimated $ 700 billion in taxpayer money to rescue the financial services system .
Lawmakers , in turn , are agonizing over what to do .
Mrs. Miller said she had been “ trying to be very deliberative about it , ” listening to administration officials like Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. , consulting with bankers from her district and independent experts .
She sounded torn Wednesday , saying she was looking for guidance from Republican leaders and hoping they would come together with their Democratic counterparts on a bipartisan plan .
“ I would say it ’s the most concerned I ’ve been since I ’ve been in Congress , ” said the congresswoman , a former Michigan secretary of state who won her House seat in 2002 .
“ I appreciate all of the input that I ’m getting from my constituents , but I ’m just not reacting to that — I ca n’t until I understand it better and feel comfortable with my vote .
And I ’m not sure how I ’m going to be voting yet .
” Meanwhile , the complaints keep coming , and several Congressional offices agreed to share them with reporters , though only on condition that the senders ’ names not be published , for privacy reasons .
“ We certainly have never brought in 20,000 names in a day and a half , ” Mr. Sanders said , sounding astonished .
“ For us , that ’s off the wall .
” It is much the same on the Republican side .
Aides to Senator Jim Bunning , a Kentucky Republican who has called the bailout plan “ un- American , ” said the senator had received more constituent reaction to the bailout plan than to any issue since the immigration debate .
Representative Ray LaHood , Republican of Illinois , said he had not seen such an outpouring since President Bill Clinton ’s impeachment trial in 1999 .
Constituent communications , of course , are no shock to lawmakers , especially since the age of e-mail messages and automated “ robo - calls ” make it possible for voters to vent en masse .
But members of Congress say reaction to the bailout does not appear orchestrated or coordinated , but rather individual expressions that come from the grass roots and run across the philosophical spectrum .
War opponents , for instance , are telling lawmakers that they are tired of an administration that , in Mr. McDermott ’s words , has “ cried wolf ” and played “ the fear card ” too many times by leading the nation into war in Iraq to find nonexistent weapons of mass destruction and curbing civil rights in the name of pursuing terrorists .
“ The last time that Congress hurriedly passed legislation that the administration presented as ‘ urgent ’ we got the Patriot Act , with its mix of necessary reforms and onerous civil rights abuses , ” one of Senator Brown ’s constituents wrote .
“ Do not fall into this trap again . ” Others , invoking the Bush administration ’s efforts to expand executive authority , are irate over the idea that one person — Mr. Paulson , and then his successor — would control so much taxpayer money .
Fiscal conservatives , on the other hand , see the White House abandoning core principles , marching down a treacherous road toward government intervention in the markets .
But in the end , from the right or the left , lawmakers say the message is the same :
Slow down , catch your breath and do not make any rash decisions , no matter what the White House says .
Hey there ,
Here 's another topic that relates to our larger series on
number pools and guaranteed combinations within fixed lists while still being worthy of having its own post .
Regular expression matching with Perl for Linux or Unix is fairly simple at its most basic ( as are most implementations of regular expression matching ) .
Taken to its most remedial level , you can use a regular expression as a poor man's " grep " ( and , oddly enough , the " re " in grep actually stands for regular expression ) .
Although this use of regular expression pattern matching does have its place , it does n't really merit use outside of tools designed to apply it in that manner and will suck all the joy right out of creating your own regular expressions .
In many instances , a well thought - out regular expression can convince most non-technical people in the room that you 're a computer genius who 's brain possesses more synapses , forming more bridges and firing more rapidly than anyone 's ever should .
If you show someone something like " / word / " they 're far less likely to be impressed ( unless they consider putting letters in between delimiters a Herculean challenge ;)
If you just up your game a little , you begin to see the power of regular expressions in Perl , and - every once in a while - find yourself in a state of utter confusion .
Ironically , this is because most regular expression engines give you more than enough rope to get the job done ( or is it just enough to hang yourself with ?
That 's for later .
We 'll try to keep this post positive :)
Regular expression matching within
Perl makes it very simple to find out if a certain pattern might appear within a certain expression .
For instance , given the expression :
123456abc123456abc
You could construct a Perl regular expression to find out how many times the pattern " 123456 " occurs in that expression and then print all of those occurrences out in a very short script that you could just type at the command line with the -e switch ( and the ending " g " option to your / REGEXP / definition , which indicates that Perl should match the REGEXP as many times as it possibly can within the given expression - with some limitations , as we 'll see below ) :
host # perl -e ' $ variable = " 123456abc123456abc " ; @variable = $ variable =~ /123456/g; print " @variable
" ;'
123456 123456
And you can do the same thing to match all contiguous 2 digit numerals in your expression .
This is where you 'll get a result that you , perhaps , would n't expect or do n't want :
host # perl -e ' $ variable = " 123456abc123456abc " ; @ variable = $ variable =~ / \d\d/g; print " @variable
" ;'
12 34 56 12 34 56
While this is correct , per Perl 's ( and most other ) regular expression parsing rules , you 'll note that your expression only returns six sets of double digits ( In order : 12 , 34 , 56 , 12 , 34 , 56 ) .
This simple match functionality matches two digits and then moves on to the next two ; effectively forgetting the 2 digits that bridge the first 2 digits to the second 2 digits .
This is totally normal behaviour .
Once the first 2 digits are matched , they are removed from the match pool and the process repeats on the , now , shorter string .
However , if you want ( or need ) to know how many contiguous 2 digit numerals appear in your expression , you would want to see output like this :
12 23 34 45 56 12 23 34 45 56
demonstrating that there are actually 10 matches on a regular expression looking for contiguous double digits within your expression .
And , this can be done !
Using what is commonly referred to as a lookahead expression ( or lookahead assertion ) , you can match all contiguous 2 digit numbers in your expression " correctly " ( by which we mean that the overlapping matches wo n't get swallowed up or lost in the matching process ) .
This command line will do just that for you :
host # perl -e ' $ variable = " 123456abc123456abc " ; @ variable = $ variable =~ /(?=( \d\d ) ) / g; print " @variable
" ;'
12 23 34 45 56 12 23 34 45 56
This sort of match is also called a zero - width assertion , meaning that the parentheses surrounding your regular expression ( i.e. (? =YourRegularExpression ) ) do n't do any capturing .
In fact the " ( ?= ) " part of the regular expression is built into Perl and defined as a zero width lookahead assertion .
This means you can use it to match a pattern based on what comes after it .
For instance the zero width lookahead assertion :
(?=\d )
would match a numeric character .
But , it would specifically match when it was " following " something else .
So if you had a string " abcdef3 " , this pattern - " ( \w ( ? =\d ) ) " - would match any alpha character followed by a numeric :
host # perl -e ' $ variable = " abcdef3 " ; @ variable = $ variable =~ /( \w ( ? =\d ) ) / ; print " @variable
" ;'
f
and , yes , " f " is the only character in our string followed by a number .
So , basically , our expression " ( ?=( \d\d ) ) " is matching any zero width ( starting from zero and incrementing by one as many times as possible - because of the " g " we tag on to the end of our matches to make them " greedy " ;) pattern followed by 2 digits or numeric characters .
You can prove that the lack of a character to " lookahead " from ( as in our expression " ( ?=( \d\d ) ) " ) will default to zero , by seeing what happens if you tell the pattern that you 're looking for two digits following a single digit with " \d ( ? =( \d\d ) ) " , like so :
host # perl -e ' $ variable = " 123456abc123456abc " ; @ variable = $ variable =~ /\d ( ?=( \d\d ) ) / g; print " @variable
" ;'
23 34 45 56 23 34 45 56
You only get a return of 8 sets , instead of 10 , on this match because you 've stated that the first double digit match must follow a single digit .
Knowing what you know now ( without getting into negative lookahead assertions or lookbehind / negative - lookbehind assertions ) , it should be fairly simple for you to determine the maximum amount of sets you can generate from a given pool without worrying about normal regular expression loss .
You can say , with certainty , that the string " 123456abc123456abc " contains 12 single digits , 10 sets of double digits , 8 sets of triple digits , 6 sets of quadruple digits , 4 sets of quintuple digits and 2 sets of sextuple digits .
Below is a quick table showing you those results .
Note that rather than just adding another " \d " to each line , which would make it spill over the edges of the page ( if it has n't already ) , we use the " {n} " notation , where " n " equals both the highest and lowest number of occurrences of your pattern ( you can use {n , m} notation to indicate lowest ( n ) and highest ( m ) , but using {n} is the equivalent of using {n , m} with both " n " and " m " being identical and is , therefore , more economical ... quite unlike this sentence ;)
host # perl -e ' $ variable = " 123456abc123456abc " ; @ variable = $ variable =~ /(?=( \d{1} ) ) / g; print " @variable
" ;' >--
The { 1} is n't necessary , but we left it in there for consistency 's sake .
1 2 3 4 5 6 1 2 3 4 5 6
host # perl -e ' $ variable = " 123456abc123456abc " ; @ variable = $ variable =~ /(?=( \d{2} ) ) / g; print " @variable
" ;'
12 23 34 45 56 12 23 34 45 56
host # perl -e ' $ variable = " 123456abc123456abc " ; @ variable = $ variable =~ /(?=( \d{3} ) ) / g; print " @variable
" ;'
123 234 345 456 123 234 345 456
host # perl -e ' $ variable = " 123456abc123456abc " ; @ variable = $ variable =~ /(?=( \d{4} ) ) / g; print " @variable
" ;'
1234 2345 3456 1234 2345 3456
host # perl -e ' $ variable = " 123456abc123456abc " ; @ variable = $ variable =~ /(?=( \d{5} ) ) / g; print " @variable
" ;'
12345 23456 12345 23456
host # perl -e ' $ variable = " 123456abc123456abc " ; @ variable = $ variable =~ /(?=( \d{6} ) ) / g; print " @variable
" ;'
123456 123456
If you 've checked out yesterday 's post on determining maximum pool sets and combine it with this primitive " overlap matching " method of weighted distribution accounting , you can see that our Objective is beginning to come into sight :)
Cheers ,
, Mike
Please note that this blog accepts comments via .
See ourfor further details .
BBC
Guantanamo prosecutor steps down
Col Vendeveld wanted to negotiate a plea deal , defence lawyers say
A US military prosecutor at Guantanamo Bay has resigned in what defence lawyers describe as a row over ethics .
Lt Col Darrel Vandeveld had quit because his office suppressed evidence that could have cleared a client , defence lawyer Major David Frakt said .
The chief prosecutor has confirmed the resignation , but he denied withholding any evidence .
The case involves an Afghan detainee accused of throwing a grenade at a US military jeep , injuring three people .
The prosecution is said to have withheld evidence that others had confessed to carrying out the attack .
Col Vendeveld is the fourth Guantanamo military prosecutor to quit .
Court declaration
Col Lawrence Morris , the Guantanamo military commissions chief prosecutor , told reporters that there were no grounds for Col Vandeveld ’s “ ethical qualms ” .
“ All you have is somebody who is disappointed that his superiors did n’t see the wisdom of his recommendations in the case , ” Col Morris said .
Maj Frakt told reporters that Col Vandeveld had wanted to negotiate a plea deal for the detainee , but that his superiors had blocked this .
Col Vandeveld has not commented publically , but made his concerns known in an declaration to the military court at Guantanamo Bay .
Q&A : Guantanamo tribunals
The declaration can only be made public by a tribunal judge , but in a copy obtained by the Associated Press news agency , Col Vandeveld wrote that “ potentially exculpatory evidence has not been provided ” .
He blamed this on a failure by “ prosecutors and officers of the court ” .
Col Vandeveld was prosecuting Mohammed Jawad , 24 , who is accused of tossing a grenade into a military jeep at a bazaar in Kabul in 2002 , injuring two US soldiers and their Afghan interpreter .
Col Vandeveld said prosecutors knew that Mr Jawad might have been drugged before the attack , and that the Afghan interior ministry said two other men had confessed to the same crime .
He also expressed concerns over Mr Jawad ’s treatment .
“ As a juvenile at the time of his capture , Jawad should have been segregated from the adult detainees , and some serious attempt made to rehabilitate him , ” Col Vandeveld wrote in his declaration .
“ I am bothered by the fact that this was not done . ”
In August , a military judge ruling barred the tribunal ’s legal adviser , Air Force Brig Gen Thomas Hartmann , from Mr Jawad ’s case , accusing him of having compromised his objectivity .
Brig Gen Hartmann allegedly “ pushed ” for Mr Jawad to be charged because of the “ gripping ” details of his case .
The judge , Col Steve Henley , said that Brig Gen Hartmann ’s public statements aligning himself with prosecutors and defending the Pentagon ’s system for prosecuting terror suspects had compromised his objectivity .
( Source )
St. Paul officials have decided to drop charges against journalists , such as Democracy Now ! host Amy Goodman , who were arrested during the recent Republican National Convention in the Minnesota capital .
For her part , Goodman was pleased by the news but is calling for an investigation into the convention situation .
Democracy Now !:
Upon learning of the news , Democracy Now !
Host , Amy Goodman said , “ It ’s good that these false charges have finally been dropped , but we never should have been arrested to begin with .
These violent and unlawful arrests disrupted our work and had a chilling effect on the reporting of dissent .
Freedom of the press is also about the public ’s right to know what is happening on their streets .
There needs to be a full investigation of law enforcement activities during the convention . ”
Goodman was arrested while asking police to release Kouddous and Salazar who had been violently arrested while reporting on street demonstrations .
After being handcuffed and pushed to the ground , Goodman reiterated that she was was a credentialed reporter .
Secret Service then ripped the credential from around her neck .
Read more
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
As part of an effort to beat back the investigation into whether Governor Sarah Palin fired Alaska ’s public safety directory Walt Monegan because he refused to dismiss a state trooper involved in an ugly divorce with her sister , Palin ’s attorney filed papers on Monday claiming that Palin fired Monegan because of his “ outright insubordination ” regarding policy and budgetary matters .
The problem with this explanation : it directly contradicts Palin ’s own story .
In mid-August , Palin spoke with New Yorker writer Philip Gourevitch , who was in Alaska–prior to Palin being named John McCain ’s running - mate –to do a piece on “ the peculiar political landscape ” of the state .
During his time there , the controversy regarding Monegan ’s dismissal was in the news in Alaska .
And Gourevitch asked Palin about it :
[ Palin ] said that one of her goals had been to combat alcohol abuse in rural Alaska , and she blamed Commissioner Monegan for failing to address the problem .
That , she said , was a big reason that she ’d let him go–only , by her account , she did n’t fire him , exactly .
Rather , she asked him to drop everything else and single - mindedly take on the state ’s drinking problem , as the director of the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board .
“ It was a job that was open , commensurate in salary pretty much–ten thousand dollars less ” –but , she added , Monegan had n’t wanted the job , so he left state service ; he quit .
In Palin ’s telling –before any of this was of national interest–Monegan ’s departure from the post had nothing to do with Troopergate and , in fact , he had n’t even been fired .
She had asked him to switch jobs ; he had left state employment on his own accord .
Yet on Monday , the Palin side offered a much different tale .
In a 19 - page brief , Palin ’s lawyer , Thomas Van Flein , contended that Monegan , while public safety commissioner , engaged in “ an escalating pattern of insubordination on budget and other key policy issues . ”
Van Flein claimed Monegan had gone behind Palin ’s back to work with state Senator Hollis French , a Democrat who is now leading the Troopergate investigation , on the budget for his department .
And Van Flein maintained that Monegan ’s “ firing ” –note the use of that word–came after Monegan planned a trip to Washington , DC , to seek funds for a project to combat sexual assault , an initiative that had not yet been approved by Palin .
Responding to Van Flein ’s brief , Monegan said he has provided records to the Troopergate investigator , Steve Branchflower , about his tenure as commissioner , and he has continued to claim he was ousted by Palin because he refused to fire Palin ’s ex-brother - in - law .
It is hard to square Palin ’s mid-August explanation with the recent brief .
Talking to Gourevitch , she suggested Monegan had not really been fired ; the brief says he had .
She said she wanted Monegan to take on a top - priority in another job ; the brief says he was an insubordinate employee who could not be trusted .
Would you give such a fellow another important job ?
This is not the first Palin contradiction in this episode .
She initially vowed to cooperate with the investigation .
But after state legislators last week voted to issue 13 subpoenas in the case –including one for Palin ’s husband , Todd –the McCain - Palin campaign on Monday said the investigation was “ tainted ” and Palin was “ unlikely to cooperate with it . ”
( The subpoenas covered many top Palin aides , as well as the head of a company that handles worker ’s compensation claims for the state .
Branchflower told the legislators he had preliminary evidence that a Palin aide had pushed to cut off benefits to Palin ’s ex-brother - in - law , Mike Wooten . )
Palin supporters are now dismissing the inquiry as a politicized probe .
( Her lawyer has asked that the inquiry be conducted by a personnel board that is controlled by the governor . )
And a family matter that became a state matter is now a national matter , with spinners and lawyers trying to influence the outcome , and the McCain - Palin campaign looking to kill the legislative investigation .
In the days after Palin became the Republican Party ’s nominee for vice president , it was unclear how Troopergate might affect the GOP ticket .
Did the McCain - Palin campaign really have much to worry about ?
Given Palin ’s conflicting explanations of Monegan ’s dismissal , there ’s now more reason to believe she does have cause for concern .
Photo from flickr user Ligadier Truffaut used under a Creative Commons license .
Soilwork , Zimmers Hole tour ( Europe )
[ 2,592 views ]
Soilwork , Zimmers Hole , and One - Way Mirror will be touring Europe together in November / December .
The schedule is :
11/6 Hamburg , DE @ Grünspan
11/7 Amsterdam , NL @ Melkweg
11/8 Dordrecht , NL @ Blebelot
11/10 Manchester , UK @ Club Academy
11/11 Bristol , UK @ Thekla
11/12 Oxford , UK @ Zodiac
11/13 Newport , UK @ TJ's
11/14 Exeter , UK @ Lemongrove
11/15 Birmingham , UK @ Academy 2
11/16 Glasgow , UK @ Cathouse
11/18 Nottingham , UK @ Basement
11/19 Norwich , UK @ Waterfront
11/20 London , UK @ Islington Academy
11/21 Vosselaar , BE @ Biebob
11/22 Paris , FR @ Le Trabendo
11/23 Strassbourg , FR @ La Laiterie
11/25 Bilbao , ES @ Cafe Anzokia
11/26 Madrid , ES @ Sala Live
11/27 Barcelona , ES @ Razzamataz 2
11/28 Lyon , FR @ Transbordeur
11/29 Basel , CH @ Z7
11/30 Milan , IT @ Alcatraz
12/02 Wien , AT @ Szene
12/03 Budapest , HU @ A 38
12/04 Prag , CZ @ Futurum
12/05 Leipzig , DE @ Conne Island
12/06 Munchen , DE @ Backstage
12/07 Karlsruhe , DE @ Substage
12/08 Koln , DE @ Underground
12/10 Stockholm , SE @ Debaser Medis
12/11 Goteborg , SE @ Brewhouse
12/12 Malmo , SE @ KB
Related News Stories
George Washington ’s Blog
Thursday , Aug 14 , 2008
We previously heard that 16 labs possessed the RMR - 1029 anthrax used in the 2001 attacks .
It appears that we should now add the CIA and its contractors .
A December 2001 Washington
Post article states that the CIA had Ames anthrax .
Indeed , the articles states that “ The FBI is focusing on a contractor that worked with the CIA ” .
The contractor could very well have been Battelle Memorial Institute , a long - time CIA contractor which had carried out anthrax experiments for decades .
As the BBC noted :
“ CIA is in this [ anthrax ] business too , though presumably only through contractors .
But we do n’t know how many contractors .
One contractor is now publicly disclosed , Battelle , that did one of those projects . ”
( Article continues below )
And as a September 4 , 2001 New York Times article notes , the government had hired Battelle to engineer a new , more potent form of anthrax .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
In addition , Battelle ran the army lab at Dugway Proving Ground which originally created RMR - 1029 ( so Battelle undoubtedly had the killer strain .
And Battelle has offices throughout the United States , so it easily could have shipped killer anthrax to the appropriate mailing location ) .
So the CIA contractor under FBI suspicion could have been Battelle .
But as the BBC article notes , “ We do n’t know how many contractors [ were working on anthrax projects for the CIA ] , we do n’t know how many projects . ”
A classified 1999 report commissioned by the CIA also discussed responses to a hypothetical anthrax attack through the mail very similar to the one which actually occurred ( confirmation here ) .
And “ Dr. Barbara Rosenberg – an acknowledged authority on US bio - defence – claimed . . . there could have been a secret CIA field project to test the practicalities of sending anthrax through the mail – whose top scientist went badly off the rails … ”
Is it more likely that vaccine scientist Ivins did it ?
Or that the dirty tricks boys at the CIA or one of its contractors – with experiencing in weaponizing anthrax – did ?
As noted by the Washington Post in December 2001 , “ CIA officials have said they are certain the anthrax used in the mailings did not come from their work , that none of it is missing and that the small amount in their possession was not milled into powder form . ”
That ’s good enough , right ?
If the CIA boys said they did n’t do it , then we should believe them , right ?
Interestingly , the CIA did not even address whether one of their anthrax contractors did it .
This article was posted : Thursday , August 14 , 2008 at 3:37 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
This sequence of photographs was sent to me by a friend in South Africa .
Elephants are a familiar sight around some of the regions more remote bush camps and park rest camps .
Like black bears they are attracted by the availability of food , in particular fruit and vegetables , but unlike black bears slinging your tucker in a tree is a waste of time …
Americans ' Faith in Afghan War Fades Forty - five percent of Americans do not think the Afghan war is worth fighting .
July 18 , 2008  --
The Pentagon and presidential rivals Barack Obama and John McCain all seem to agree on the need to send more troops to Afghanistan , but they are at odds with much of the country these days on the need to send more Americans into the lawless Afghan mountains .
The latest ABC News / Washington Post poll found that a startling 45 percent of Americans said they do not think the war in Afghanistan is worth fighting , despite the 9/11 terrorist attacks , which provoked the war in the first place .
The growing disenchantment with the Afghan deployment has n't reached the level of national frustration with the Iraq war , but after more than six years with U.S. troops stationed in Afghanistan and violence on the rise , Americans are becoming increasingly wary about the country 's involvement .
Fifty - one percent of Americans now say that the U.S. military effort in Afghanistan has been unsuccessful , up from 24 percent in fall 2002 .
Only 44 percent of Americans consider the war in Afghanistan a success , down from 70 percent in 2002 .
The national poll of 1,119 randomly selected adults was conducted by telephone July 10 - 13 , 2008 , with a margin of error of three percentage points .
For Sholom Keller , a veteran who served in both Afghanistan and Iraq , it comes as no surprise that support for the war in Afghanistan is fading .
" I 'm not shocked at all that American support is waning , " Keller told ABCNews.com .
" If we are in Afghanistan because the U.S. was attacked on Sept. 11 , then I want to see the perpetrators captured and brought to justice .
" If we 're not finding them in Afghanistan , then I do n't know why we 're there , " he added .
" And if they are there I want to know why we have n't found them in the last seven years if they 've been giving troops the right intelligence and missions . "
Experts on the Middle East told ABCNews.com that many Americans share Keller 's frustration , blaming several factors , including the fatigue from hearing about not one but two wars , as well as pressing issues at home , such as the failing economy .
With Economy Suffering , Iraq Making Headlines , Some Americans Say ' Enough '
Judith Kipper , the director of Middle East programs at the Institute of World Affairs in Washington , D.C. , said that the gap in the numbers this year compared with those from 2002 is " tremendous " but still understandable .
" It 's battle fatigue , " Kipper said .
" American do n't want war ; they know it 's costing a lot and the worse the economy gets at home , the more people feel a lack of confidence in their daily lives , " Kipper said .
" The less confident they feel , the less likely they are to support foreign wars and adventures . "
And while Kipper says Americans have n't forgotten the 9/11 attacks , the fear and shock that pervaded the country in the days and months following have since faded , just as American 's interest in Afghanistan has .
" This is many years later and life goes on , " Kipper said .
" It 's hard for Americans to relate to what happened years ago to their battle fatigue and war weariness now .
" [ They care ] about the problems that they 're facing on a daily basis , " she added .
The confusing nature of the war in Afghanistan — and the failure to locate Osama bin Laden — has contributed to American 's already disillusioned vision of the war , Kipper said .
" Americans know Iraq is near the oil and they know a lot about Saddam Hussein , but Afghanistan is the end of the earth for most people , " she said .
" It 's a very confusing issue ; why we 're still there and NATO 's involvement . "
But others — the presumptive presidential nominees included — believe that it would be worse to leave Afghanistan than stay , despite what the American public thinks .
" With Afghanistan , the reality is that McCain thinks this is in our national security interest , " said Brian Rogers , a McCain campaign spokesman .
" People are frustrated with the lack of success and it's [ the job of ] the leader to make the case to American people as to why the fight in Afghanistan is a compelling national security interest . "
The Obama campaign said , " Sen. Obama supports this mission , as he does not make decisions based on polls . "
Charles Dunbar , the former head of the U.S. embassy in Kabul , told ABCNews.com that while violence had risen in Afghanistan as of late , there is some good news coming out of the region , too .
Removing troops from Afghanistan now would only cause a larger terror threat in the future , he said .
" The Afghanistan story is not all being told ; there is much more success in other parts of the country , " said Dunbar , who now teaches international relations at Boston University .
" I do recognize that the occasional suicide bombings are going to happen , and that 's the news that is understandably going to influence the American public .
" This administration and the one that follows will need to make the case strongly that Afghanistan is a terrorist threat .
" They need to restore [ Americans ' ] faith in the war in Afghanistan , particularly because Pakistan is a place where al Qaeda and others who are absolutely irreconcilable in our efforts to come to terms with the Muslim world are surviving under present conditions , " he added .
Dunbar says he understands why Americans are losing faith in the U.S. military efforts in Afghanistan , but still warns against allowing the problem to get even worse .
" It can be argued that we can't control [ what 's going on in Afghanistan ] and we have to get out , but then we just have a bigger problem area , " he said .
" Then we have just widened our problem . "
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Art critics have blasted Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi after he had a 254 - year - old masterpiece re-touched - to cover a woman 's exposed breast .
Berlusconi , 71 , was worried TV cameras would focus on it in Giovanni Battista Tiepolo 's Time Unveiling Truth , seen on display behind him during media briefings - so he had a veil put over it .
The PM said he also had to consider the feelings of female cabinet members - including former topless model Mara Carfagna .
But art critic Vittorio Sgarbi fumed : " Madness .
What are they going to do to the naked statues throughout Italy with busts that would take Pamela Anderson 's breath away ?
You can't touch up a Tieplo . "
The PM 's spokesman said : " The decision was taken for fear of offending people . "
The decision is part of a plan to make the Eiffel tower and other monuments more environmentally friendly .
Tickets and documents in the tower are made of recycled paper , and management claims that all the electricity used comes from renewable sources .
It is currently studying a plan to put solar panels on the roof of its restaurants .
The outcome of six grim days of bloodshed in the Caucasus has triggered an outpouring of the most nauseating hypocrisy from western politicians and their captive media .
As talking heads thundered against Russian imperialism and brutal disproportionality , US vice - president Dick Cheney , faithfully echoed by Gordon Brown and David Miliband , declared that " Russian aggression must not go unanswered " .
George Bush denounced Russia for having " invaded a sovereign neighbouring state " and threatening " a democratic government " .
Such an action , he insisted , " is unacceptable in the 21st century " .
Could these by any chance be the leaders of the same governments that in 2003 invaded and occupied - along with Georgia , as luck would have it - the sovereign state of Iraq on a false pretext at the cost of hundreds of thousands of lives ?
Or even the two governments that blocked a ceasefire in the summer of 2006 as Israel pulverised Lebanon 's infrastructure and killed more than a thousand civilians in retaliation for the capture or killing of five soldiers ?
You'd be hard put to recall after all the fury over Russian aggression that it was actually Georgia that began the war last Thursday with an all - out attack on South Ossetia to " restore constitutional order " - in other words , rule over an area it has never controlled since the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Nor , amid the outrage at Russian bombardments , have there been much more than the briefest references to the atrocities committed by Georgian forces against citizens it claims as its own in South Ossetia 's capital Tskhinvali .
Several hundred civilians were killed there by Georgian troops last week , along with Russian soldiers operating under a 1990s peace agreement : " I saw a Georgian soldier throw a grenade into a basement full of women and children , " one Tskhinvali resident , Saramat Tskhovredov , told reporters on Tuesday .
Might it be because Georgia is what Jim Murphy , Britain 's minister for Europe , called a " small beautiful democracy " .
Well it 's certainly small and beautiful , but both the current president , Mikheil Saakashvili , and his predecessor came to power in western - backed coups , the most recent prettified as a " Rose revolution " .
Saakashvili was then initially rubber - stamped into office with 96 % of the vote before establishing what the International Crisis Group recently described as an " increasingly authoritarian " government , violently cracking down on opposition dissent and independent media last November .
" Democratic " simply seems to mean " pro-western " in these cases .
The long - running dispute over South Ossetia - as well as Abkhazia , the other contested region of Georgia - is the inevitable consequence of the breakup of the Soviet Union .
As in the case of Yugoslavia , minorities who were happy enough to live on either side of an internal boundary that made little difference to their lives feel quite differently when they find themselves on the wrong side of an international state border .
Such problems would be hard enough to settle through negotiation in any circumstances .
But add in the tireless US promotion of Georgia as a pro-western , anti-Russian forward base in the region , its efforts to bring Georgia into Nato , the routing of a key Caspian oil pipeline through its territory aimed at weakening Russia 's control of energy supplies , and the US - sponsored recognition of the independence of Kosovo - whose status Russia had explicitly linked to that of South Ossetia and Abkhazia - and conflict was only a matter of time .
The CIA has in fact been closely involved in Georgia since the Soviet collapse .
But under the Bush administration , Georgia has become a fully fledged US satellite .
Georgia 's forces are armed and trained by the US and Israel .
It has the third - largest military contingent in Iraq - hence the US need to airlift 800 of them back to fight the Russians at the weekend .
Saakashvili's links with the neoconservatives in Washington are particularly close : the lobbying firm headed by US Republican candidate John McCain 's top foreign policy adviser , Randy Scheunemann , has been paid nearly $ 900,000 by the Georgian government since 2004 .
But underlying the conflict of the past week has also been the Bush administration 's wider , explicit determination to enforce US global hegemony and prevent any regional challenge , particularly from a resurgent Russia .
That aim was first spelled out when Cheney was defence secretary under Bush 's father , but its full impact has only been felt as Russia has begun to recover from the disintegration of the 1990s .
Over the past decade , Nato 's relentless eastward expansion has brought the western military alliance hard up against Russia 's borders and deep into former Soviet territory .
American military bases have spread across eastern Europe and central Asia , as the US has helped install one anti-Russian client government after another through a series of colour - coded revolutions .
Now the Bush administration is preparing to site a missile defence system in eastern Europe transparently targeted at Russia .
By any sensible reckoning , this is not a story of Russian aggression , but of US imperial expansion and ever tighter encirclement of Russia by a potentially hostile power .
That a stronger Russia has now used the South Ossetian imbroglio to put a check on that expansion should hardly come as a surprise .
What is harder to work out is why Saakashvili launched last week 's attack and whether he was given any encouragement by his friends in Washington .
If so , it has spectacularly backfired , at savage human cost .
And despite Bush 's attempts to talk tough yesterday , the war has also exposed the limits of US power in the region .
As long as Georgia proper 's independence is respected - best protected by opting for neutrality - that should be no bad thing .
Unipolar domination of the world has squeezed the space for genuine self - determination and the return of some counterweight has to be welcome .
But the process of adjustment also brings huge dangers .
If Georgia had been a member of Nato , this week 's conflict would have risked a far sharper escalation .
That would be even more obvious in the case of Ukraine - which yesterday gave a warning of the potential for future confrontation when its pro-western president threatened to restrict the movement of Russian ships in and out of their Crimean base in Sevastopol .
As great power conflict returns , South Ossetia is likely to be only a taste of things to come .
s.milne@theguardian.com
Police say the botnet skimmed millions from bank accounts
A New Zealand teenager who admitted to taking part in an international cyber - crime network has been discharged without a conviction .
Police said the group hijacked more than one million computers and used them to take at least $ 20.4 m ( £ 10.3 m ) from private bank accounts .
Owen Thor Walker , 18 , was ordered to pay $ 10,000 ( £ 5,000 ) in damages and hand over his computer - related assets .
Police said they were interested in using his skills to fight cyber -crime .
Investigators called Mr Walker 's programme one of the " most advanced " they had seen , prosecutors said .
He did not take money from people 's accounts , but he was paid nearly $ 31,000 ( £ 15,500 ) for software he designed that gave the cyber-ring access usernames , passwords and credit card details .
Judge Judith Potter dismissed the charges , relating to a 2006 attack on a computer system at a US university , saying a conviction could jeopardise a potentially bright career .
Bank details
Mr Walker was detained in the North Island city of Hamilton last November as part of an investigation with US and Dutch police into global networks of hijacked PCs , known as botnets .
A botnet can be controlled over the internet by a single computer .
It installs malicious software on PCs to collect information such as login names , bank account details and credit card numbers .
Mr Walker pleaded guilty to charges of accessing a computer for dishonest purposes , interfering with computer systems , possession of software for committing crime and accessing computer systems without authorisation , the New Zealand Press Association said .
New Zealand police said he had begun committing the crimes at school , and had designed an encrypted virus that was undetectable by anti-virus software .
" Knock knock .
AT&T here to set up your computer ! "
AT&T has decided to jump into the home computer / TV repair game by launching a new service called ConnecTech that will be available for residential customers in all 50 states , whether they 're AT&T customers or not .
Through ConnecTech , customers will be able to get home theater installation , computer and home network setup , and a slew of TV , computer , and network repairs right from the comfort of their own homes .
Clicking around on the ConnecTech site offers a feel for the different service levels .
You can get PC or home network phone support for ( as low as ) $ 69 , or home computer / network installation for $ 99 .
In - home support will cost at least $ 180 , and TV / home theater support will cost at least $ 150 .
Although the prices are n't exactly cheap , they fall about in line with ( or , in some cases , are cheaper than ) what one might expect to pay to have the Geek Squad take a look .
ConnecTech 's price matrix ConnecTech 's price matrix
Speaking of Geek Squad , ConnecTech is clearly meant to be a direct competitor to Best Buy 's service , although the market for average Joes and Janes needing home repairs is probably large enough to handle them both .
AT&T spokesperson Brad Mays told Ars that ConnecTech 's advantage over other services is that AT&T is " a one - stop - shop .
Because we already understand and support the network side , we bring a new and better approach to end - to - end support and customer care . "
He said that reason AT&T decided to launch this service is because the company believes it has the experience and capabilities to take care of customers from beginning to end , and can do it better than the other guys .
Of course , these PR quotes are beginning to sound like a giant ad for AT&T 's telecom services ( after all , it 's not truly a one - stop shop if you get your DSL through someone else , for example ) , although ConnecTech is n't limited to AT&T customers ( except for PC / network phone support ) .
In order to provide service to all 50 states , AT&T employs its own technicians as well as contractors to carry out the in - home service .
Although the ConnecTech website has some fine print saying that service is n't available in all areas , Mays claims that not being able to service someone has n't been an issue so far .
" We have yet to have an experience where we could n't reach someone or help someone , " he said .
" This is a pretty broad initiative . "
Putting aside the fear that these techs will spend 90 percent of their time in your home trying to sell you on other AT&T services , ConnecTech sounds like it could offer a few more options to those who do n't have a family tech expert handy .
Let 's just hope that ConnecTech manages to build a slightly better reputation than Geek Squad has .
Want some geography quiz questions for your pub quiz , fun quiz , any old quizzes or just for some geography quiz trivia to test yourself or friends with and show off your geographic guru status ?
First up , get your geography brain cranked up , here are 4 geography quiz question with correct answers .
1 . Where would you find a Walloon ?
South Belgium Native Flemish
2 . What port lies at the mouth of the Swan river ?
Freemantle ( Perth )
3 . In Paris there are two islands – Ile de la Cite and what ?
Ile St - Louise
4 . What countries flag red circle on green background ?
Singapore
Now it ’s time to try some really nasty geography quiz questions with no answers !
( Do n’t worry if you do n’t know the answers ; at the end there ’s a link to them ! )
5 . In which country is Zug ?
6 . What country is the home of the Ashanti people ?
7 . In Paris what are FD Roosevelt Stalingrad Louis Blanc ?
8 . What country is known to its inhabitants as Suomen Tasavalta ?
9. Paddie ’s Wigwam nickname of the RC cathedral what UK city ?
10 . The French call it Pas de Calais what do the English call it ?
11 . What country is nearest to the North Pole ?
12 . An isohel on a map joins place of equal what ?
13 .
What is the worlds largest sand island northeast of Brisbane ?
14 .
What world capital city is heated by volcanic springs ?
15 . What is the only French speaking republic in Americas ?
16 . Bam Yat and Holon are in which country ?
17 . Where do the White and Blue Niles join ?
18 . What appears in the middle of the Rwandan flag ?
19 .
In what country is Legoland ?
20 .
In what country are the ports Oran and Bone ?
21 . In what city is the worlds largest medieval cathedral ?
22 . OB is the international aircraft reg letters what country ?
23 . OD international aircraft registration letters of what country ?
24 . What US states name means long river in Indian ?
25 . Dover is the State Capitol of which US state ?
26 . Where would you find Giacomo Marconi airport ?
27 . What US State flag has a UK Union Flag on it ?
28 . What State was founded in 1948 ?
29 .
What links – Goa – Kerula – Assam – Bihar ?
30 .
Which country do Sinologists study ?
31 . What was the capital of Ethiopia ?
32 . What is the largest state in the USA ?
If you got even most of them then big up respect to you oh mighty world navigator geography quiz master !
If you did n’t or some of them are just niggling at you and you just really want to know the answers then check out free geography quiz questions where you ’ll get all the quiz answers – and you can also get , for free , 10,000 fun quiz questions while you ’re there – and I really do mean free quiz questions !
Adam Deeley was seen trying to cough out the cakes he had swallowed A mature student choked to death after an " impromptu " challenge by a friend to see who could eat the most fairy cakes , an inquest has heard .
Adam Deeley , 34 , from Birmingham , and his friends were at the opening night of a photography exhibition in Swansea .
Two of his friends put up to four cakes from the buffet in their mouths .
Mr Deeley tried to eat five but began choking and collapsed on the floor .
Swansea Coroner Phillip Rogers recorded a verdict of misadventure .
Mr Deeley and his friends were at Monkey café in Swansea in February this year , where he had worked for the previous year while finishing a three - year graphic design university course .
Steven Jenkins , who was part of the group , said : " There was a tray of cakes left over from the buffet - my friend put three cakes in his mouth so I tried four .
There was cake around his mouth and I could hear and see that he was trying to cough
Bar manager Daniel Finzelbach
" They were small , only an inch - and - a - half across but I struggled with four .
My friend must have told Adam what we were doing and he put five cakes in his mouth .
" I could see that he was struggling to eat them but then he walked across to the toilets .
I thought he wanted to spit them out , I did n't know he was choking at that point .
" I only realised how serious it was a minute or two later when other people ran to help him .
Mr Deeley was with friends at the Monkey café Mr Deeley 's work colleague , bar manager Daniel Finzelbach , a former lifeguard , said : " I realised Adam was in trouble as he walked towards the toilets - his body was convulsing .
" There was cake around his mouth and I could hear and see that he was trying to cough .
I ran to the toilet and started slapping his back as hard as I could .
" Then I tried the Heimlich manoeuvre but he collapsed on the floor and I called for an ambulance . "
Mr Deeley , who was not working that night , had gone to the bar for the opening of an exhibition by a photographer friend .
He was in the third year of his degree and planned to emigrate to New Zealand after graduating .
The inquest heard he had been one - and - a - half - times the drink driving limit on the night of his death .
Swansea Coroner Phillip Rogers said : " Clearly , any activity involving putting large amounts of food in the mouth is dangerous .
" It does not take me to say this sort of thing should be avoided . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Low - slung trousers are fashionable among some young people
A law that landed a Florida teenager in jail for having sagging jeans that exposed his underwear is unconstitutional , a judge has decided .
The 17 - year - old spent a night in jail after police arrested him for exposing 4in ( 10 cm ) of boxer shorts in Riviera Beach , south - east Florida .
Town voters backed the law in March after supporters raised a petition .
However , a circuit judge ruled that the law was unconstitutional based on " the limited facts " of the case .
Carol Bickerstaff , defending teenager Julius Hart , had urged Judge Paul Moyle to throw out the law , saying : " Your honour , we now have the fashion police . "
Before making his ruling , Judge Moyle said : " We 're not talking about exposure of buttocks .
No .
We 're talking about someone who has on pants whose underwear are apparently visible to a police officer who then makes an arrest , and the basis is he 's then held overnight . "
Gaining popularity
Moves to ban baggy or saggy jeans are gaining popularity in several parts of the US .
Dallas , Texas and Atlanta , Georgia are among the larger US cities considering similar measures .
However , civil liberties groups say such laws will unfairly target young African - Americans .
The fashion is believed to have originated in prisons , where inmates are given baggy uniform trousers and have their belts removed to prevent hangings and beatings .
The trend made it to gangster rap videos in the 1980s and then spread to skateboarders and high - school hallways .
Posted by : Loren Coleman on August 1st , 2008
New photographs , above , have been published of the “ Montauk Monster , ” which allegedly washed up on a beach in Montauk .
These photos are by Christina Pampalone .
The Montauk Monster has created an Internet sensation .
It is today ’s # 1 Yahoo search .
It ’s been on Cryptomundo , Boing Boing , and The Anomalist for days .
It reminds me of the “ Maine Mutant . ”
Sometimes these kinds of things have a life of their own , so to speak , especially if there is a compelling image .
Now we are seeing everyone under the sun piggyback ( pun-intended ) on the Montauk Monster .
That ’s okay .
We ’ve been here before .
It is a cryptid , an unknown animal , until it is identified , of course , and that makes for a great story for the mainstream media , when they have a photo or even a few .
Joye Brown of Newsday reports today that the story is indeed real .
Brown tells of how the famed photo ( seen directly above ) has a known photographer : “ Jenna Hewitt , of Montauk , and three friends crept up to examine one side .
And Hewitt snapped the camera shot heard ’ round the world . ”
Christina Pampalone , of East Northport , however , had actually taken the first photos ( one is shown at the top of this posting ) .
“ I was telling people , all day ( Wednesday ) , that I had better photos , ” Pampalone said .
“ Everybody I showed her pictures to said it looks like a dead dog , ” her friend Ryan O’Shea , of Brooklyn , said .
“ But looking at the claws , and at the teeth in the front , it looked like it could be something else , something vicious . ”
It was relatively small , roughly 21/2 to 3 feet long , he said .
Brown notes that the rumor that the thing is in someone ’s backyard is false , apparently , as it has been moved .
Interestingly , Brown has collected some other interesting info from his readers :
Joann Dileardo saw it at the end of Roe Avenue in Patchogue , a few weeks ago .
“ I did n’t know what that thing was , ” she said .
“ It looked like a pig . ”
Another reader , Pat , e-mailed that the ladies in his office saw it on an East Quogue beach — back in April .
Elizabeth Barbeiri said her family saw it about a mile east of Gurney ’s Inn in Montauk , July 14 .
And Ryan Kelso , via iPhone , said he spotted it — alive ! — in the Montauk dunes .
“ It looked about the size of an average fox , gray in color , eyes like a mole , hairless and was breathing quite heavily , ” he wrote , “ needless to say we were freaked out by this discovery and fled the area quickly . ”
Lavey Fater saw a surfer bring one to shore , near Ditch Plains .
“ It was hairless and gross , ” Fater reported . “…
The surfer said he had no idea what it was , but that he threw it in the dunes because he did n’t want to be surfing next to it . ”
Keith found something last week in Greenport ; Chris found one a month ago at Jones Beach east of Field 6 .
( “ The one I saw had a longer snout or beak or whatever you want to call it . ” )
Sean said he buried one , 3 feet deep , in South Jamesport .
Of course , you notice Cryptomundo carried news of this as soon as we heard about it three days ago , and , no doubt , contributed to spreading the news .
Then we became positively involved through commenting on the Venom search for the “ monster . ”
Cryptid Marketing
The response has been generally good - humored and filled with crypto-intrigue regarding the fact Dr. Pepper / Snapple ’s Venom Energy Drink would offer a bounty for the live capture of the Montauk Monster .
Prizes , bounties , and cryptomarketing are nothing new to the popular cultural side of cryptozoology .
As recently as the Bushnell Trailcam and the Wizards of the Coast Duel Masters Card prizes , there have been bounties .
In only a small percentage of the comments recorded at Cryptomundo ( two that I could quickly find ) did I note a lack of historical referencing , regarding cryptids being used in ads .
People wrote in , saying :
“ Is this the beginning of a new advertising trend ?
Will companies begin to monetize cryptid sightings ? ”
“ And for Venom to so quickly jump in with their ad campaign , utilizing loren of all people , and playing this up so , smacks of hype , Madison Avenue , and frankly muddies the waters where genuine cryptozoological interests can be raised . ”
While there have been many older examples , one can look back to 1997 , to discover Rene Dahinden was immortalized in a popular television ad for Kokanee beer .
Dahinden ’s pursuit of Sasquatch had made him so famous that the brewers of Kokanee beer asked him to play himself in the commercial .
Even then he did n’t get to see the Sasquatch .
Facing the camera , with the unpretentious mobile home he lived in as background , an off - camera narrator asks if Dahinden ever used B.C. - made Kokanee beer to lure a Sasquatch .
“ Do you think I ’m crazy or something ? ” asks Dahinden , unaware that behind him a Sasquatch is sneaking into his trailer to make off with a case of beer .
The Kokanee Sasquatch has become so famous itself today that you can find a nine - foot statue out in front of the Columbia Brewery ’s Kokanee Beer Gear Store at 1220 Erickson St. Creston , British Columbia .
( Anyone able to pick up some Sasquatch souvenirs there for the International Cryptozoology Museum , if you stop by ?
Thanks . )
Other recent examples of cryptids and commercial campaigns have included
Adrian Shine and the Loch Ness Monster selling Toyotas , and
beef jerky being sold in the series of “ Messin ’ With Sasquatch ” commercials .
Cryptids and ads have been friendly companions for quite a few years now .
There is no reason the Montauk Monster should n’t get the same honor .
++++
Save The Museum !!
About Loren Coleman
Loren Coleman is one of the world ’s leading cryptozoologists , some say “ the ” leading living cryptozoologist .
Certainly , he is acknowledged as the current living American researcher and writer who has most popularized cryptozoology in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
Starting his fieldwork and investigations in 1960 , after traveling and trekking extensively in pursuit of cryptozoological mysteries , Coleman began writing to share his experiences in 1969 .
An honorary member of Ivan T. Sanderson ’s Society for the Investigation of the Unexplained in the 1970s , Coleman has been bestowed with similar honorary memberships of the North Idaho College Cryptozoology Club in 1983 , and in subsequent years , that of the British Columbia Scientific Cryptozoology Club , CryptoSafari International , and other international organizations .
He was also a Life Member and Benefactor of the International Society of Cryptozoology ( now - defunct ) .
Loren Coleman ’s daily blog , as a member of the Cryptomundo Team , served as an ongoing avenue of communication for the ever - growing body of cryptozoo news from 2005 through 2013 .
He returned as an infrequent contributor beginning Halloween week of 2015 .
Coleman is the founder in 2003 , and current director of the International Cryptozoology Museum in Portland , Maine .
This entry was posted on Friday , August 1st , 2008 at 7:22 am and is filed under Artifacts , Bigfoot , Breaking News , Cryptomundo Exclusive , Cryptotourism , CryptoZoo News , Cryptozoologists , Cryptozoology , Photos , Pop Culture , Weird Animal News .
You can follow responses via our RSS 2.0 feed .
You can skip to the end and leave a response .
Pinging is not allowed .
Facebook Google + Twitter Pinterest Email Print Delicious Digg Fark Google Instapaper LinkedIn MySpace Newsvine Pocket Readability Reddit StumbleUpon Tumblr Yahoo !
ChoroWare
ChoroWare is a tool designed to help cartographers and map users find class intervals for choropleth mapping .
The initiative of ChoroWare is driven by a multiobjective view of choropleth , an idea that can be found in the original work of Jenks and Caspall ( 1971 ) .
There are many criteria that can be used to make a choropleth map .
However , it is often recognized that it is difficult to find a criterion that can perfectly reflect the need of cartographers .
Sometimes , Jenks optimum may be the best criterion , while other times equal interval is better .
Therefore , one may wish to examine the trade - offs between the criteria and then find a set of class intervals that can meet his / her need .
We have developed a program that uses evolutionary algorithms to generate the solutions of multiobjective choropleth ( a solution is a set of class intervals ) .
The problem is : we may have thousands of good solutions but we do not know which is the one .
To address this problem , we developed a visualization tool that can be used to help users go through the solutions and interactively compare these solutions and finally find the best one .
Following is a screen shot the visualization tool .
There are five windows as described below .
Database shows the attributes of the polygons in the map .
shows the attributes of the polygons in the map .
Solution Space is basically a graph showing the trade - off between any pair of criteria .
The left part lists the criteria , as well as some evolutionary algorithm specifications ; the right part is the graph .
In the graph , solutions are displayed in white , and the solution that is currently used is marked as a red square .
The user can specify which two criteria to be used as horizontal and vertical axes by selecting them from the left part using left and right button of a mouse .
is basically a graph showing the trade - off between any pair of criteria .
The left part lists the criteria , as well as some evolutionary algorithm specifications ; the right part is the graph .
In the graph , solutions are displayed in white , and the solution that is currently used is marked as a red square .
The user can specify which two criteria to be used as horizontal and vertical axes by selecting them from the left part using left and right button of a mouse .
Front List is a table listing all solutions , where the highlighted row is the classification that is currently used .
is a table listing all solutions , where the highlighted row is the classification that is currently used .
Value Path is a parallel coordinates graph , where the path of a line shows the values of all criteria .
The red line shows the current classification .
Since we usually have too many solutions , it is possible for a user to randomly sample a portion ( e.g. , 10 % in this case ) of the solutions and then only draw those sampled solutions here .
is a parallel coordinates graph , where the path of a line shows the values of all criteria .
The red line shows the current classification .
Since we usually have too many solutions , it is possible for a user to randomly sample a portion ( e.g. , 10 % in this case ) of the solutions and then only draw those sampled solutions here .
Map shows the results of current classification used .
The user can change the classification of the map by either clicking a new point on the graph or clicking on a new row in Front List .
The change will consequently reflected in the Map window .
ChoroWare is developed using Open Source technology , including GTK +/ GDK and GNU Scientific Library .
If you have any comments or suggestions to the development and / or applications of this software , please send me an email .
Last updated : August 18 , 2006 .
Thank you for your patience !
The new Christmas Lights Direct website and product list will be launched soon .
Uh ... that did n't really look 1 - 1 at all when he used the lightsaber .
I mean , the saber just stuck there at a point , while he was flinging his arm wildly .
I did n't get a Wii , but I assumed it already WAS 1 - 1 .
The fact that it was n't , and that this " improvement " which everyone is drooling over STILL looks like it sucks ... well , it makes me glad I did n't drop any money on it .
I could n't be the only one to notice that .
Also , you can't have lightsaber duels , even if it was 1 - 1 perfect control .
In real life a sword / saber would stop when hitting another sword / saber .
In this , your arm will keep going , screwing up the positioning of your hand ( which is moving ) in relation to the sword on screen ( which is stopped , against the opponent 's blocking sword ) .
Meh .
" A government big enough to give you everything you want is a government big enough to take from you everything you have . "
Gerald Ford , Joint Statement to Congress , August 12 , 1974 .
" Quite a few of my family had very long lives so maybe it's all in the genes - it 's just that we have been able to stay reasonably fit and health for our ages and still be together in our own home .
This is a step in the right direction for all internet users .
It ’s about time we get to approve whether or not an ISP ’s can collect information about our Web - surfing habits .
This will be a big win for all of us , but we wo n’t see this new bill passed until the next congress .
Support for a law aimed at protecting consumers ’ online privacy is gathering steam in Washington .
Representative Edward Markey ( D - Mass. ) , head of the House Energy & Commerce Committee , says he and others plan to introduce comprehensive online privacy legislation in the coming congressional session .
This law will require companies to get approval from consumers before collecting information about their Web - surfing habits , a process known as behavioral targeting that helps
Web sites more strategically place ads .
The legislation may also demand that companies disclose more information on how they collect and use people ’s Web-use data .
“ There is a reasonable chance that we will see something in the next Congress , ” says Michael Hintze , an associate general counsel at Microsoft .
During the past year , Yahoo , Microsoft , and AOL began allowing people to opt out of tracking on their sites .
They also adopted policies for deleting or making search data anonymous after a certain time period .
7 Disruptive Website Issues and Problems You Need to Fix Right Away
Do you want to be ready for the most common disruptive website issues ?
Do you want to keep your website as bug - free as possible ?
No matter how good your website is , you will always encounter website issues .
That ’s why it ’s important to be vigilant and to keep your site up - to - date .
Here are the common website design issues visitors are having that you may have missed .
Keep reading to learn about the seven most disruptive website problems .
1. Creating a Confusing Website Design
Many websites lose the interest of their visitors because of faulty web design .
Their websites may have too much going on or too little at all .
Others have only enough to see on their website but no clear direction for visitors to take .
62 % of customers use experience with a website as their basis for buying from it again .
Site design errors can decrease customer experience .
To solve this problem , sort your priorities .
If you ’re directing a visitor to your website , you want to show them what your company is as soon as possible .
You want them to learn why they should choose your brand a second into their journey on your website .
Remember that their first impressions of you are what people will remember about you .
Avoid putting everything on the home page .
De-clutter and clean it up from distracting elements .
With that said , you also do n’t want to make your website look sparse .
If a minimalistic design is what you ’re going for , make sure it looks appealing .
Minimalism is n’t only about de-cluttering a web design but it is also the smart use of whitespace .
2. Having No or Poor CTA
Keep in mind the action that you want your visitors to do when they reach your website .
Add a CTA or call to action to guide them on the path that you want to bring them .
Note that it ’ll be more effective if you focus on putting one CTA on your website .
Your CTA can tell visitors to buy a product , subscribe to your e-newsletter , or contact you .
Use phrases like “ contact us here ” or “ learn more now . ”
Do n’t forget to include links to the corresponding contact page or blog page .
Add an icon next to the CTA to make it more appealing .
One way to make your CTA more noticeable is to create a button for it .
Place your CTA on a footer or sidebar .
3. Not Paying Attention to Security Issues
You may have the most beautiful website design .
However , if you have poor website security , you wo n’t see a lot of growth in lead generation and other aspects .
Security issues are the biggest website issues that can decrease trust in your brand .
People are more aware and wary about their actions now .
We live in an age where a single click can send malware into your device , after all .
Ensure your visitors that your site is safe to visit .
Keep its safety and security features updated .
You wo n’t only build trust with visitors , but Google will also prefer your secure website over others .
4. Using a Copycat Design or Generic Template
One of the worst web design mistakes you can do is to copy the design of other websites .
It screams that you ’re confused about your brand identity .
The second - worst thing you can do to your web design is to keep it boring and generic .
You can use templates , but you have to get away from them once you finish making the foundation of your website .
Try using different color schemes for your website and decide on one that creates a good impact .
Try to use original media and images rather than stock photos .
Get away from the template or default colors .
Try using different color schemes for your website and decide on one that creates a good impact .
Try to use original media and images rather than stock photos .
Be bold and try to step out of your comfort zone .
Remember , make your website design your own .
If you ’re unsure about your web design , contact Phoenix SEO for professional help .
5. Not Optimizing Your Content
You already know that SEO or search engine optimization is a vital element of making your website known .
It ’s what increases your search engine ranking and encourages more organic traffic .
However , you need to optimize your content for more than SEO purposes only .
Good content is quality content , but not all quality content gets optimized well .
You also have to pay attention to how you present your content .
Consider the font types , sizes , and how legible they are .
Make sure that the images you use also add to the message you want to communicate to your audience .
When you insert images and other media , consider how relevant they are to the content .
Use high - quality images , especially since they have a big impact on first impressions .
6. Hiding Your Navigation Menu
One of the most common site issues among many websites is keeping navigation hidden .
It ’s another website aspect that affects the customer ’s experience .
The easier it is for your visitors to get around your website , the more they ’ll love it .
Avoid this common site issue by keeping the navigation menu in plain sight .
Place the menu in a sidebar or include a search bar at the top .
Better yet , make your website easy to navigate .
7. Not Paying Attention to Website Issues of Mobile Users
A big no - no in website design is to forego the mobile site experience .
Search engines like Google overlook websites that are n’t mobile - friendly .
It ’s a hassle for internet users that visit a website not optimized for mobile .
Many people do n’t have a desktop or laptop to access the internet .
About one - fifth of American adults are smartphone - only internet users .
That means they use a smartphone to access the internet and do n’t have a home broadband service .
This point is the final entry on our top website mistakes list .
However , it ’s one of the most important and immediate things you need to take care of .
Make your website mobile responsive so the experience is consistent no matter what device visitors access it .
Improve Your Website Design
Those are the seven common and disruptive website issues that you need to address .
We hope you spot these mistakes if they are present on your website .
Remember , website design impacts how your audience sees your brand and will affect your business .
Do you want to read more on how to solve other common website problems ?
See the rest of our posts for more content on how to improve your website .
Here it is , the definitive Bill Gates timeline .
It may contain some bugs and lack some features , but it works : from his parents to the last day of his work at Microsoft , the Bill Gates timeline shows his personal and business adventure - on the top - in relation to the tech industry - on the bottom - as his company takes over it all .
Advertisement
Click on the image above to access the full high - resolution version .
[ Bill Gates ' Retirement Party ]
Other Gizmodo timelines
Sony Trinitron Timeline Shows Why It Will Live Forever In Our Hearts
The Analog Cellphone Timeline
LEGO Brick Timeline : 50 Years of Building Frenzy and Curiosities
100 Years of Tech in the Times Square New Year 's Ball
The NUJ has released a short film highlighting some of the problems faced by journalists covering public demonstrations .
The film follows TUC condemnation of the erosion of civil liberties and media freedoms in Britain .
TUC unions unanimously backed a motion , proposed by the NUJ , which called for a rethink of government policies that put journalists at risk of imprisonment for doing their job .
Jeremy Dear , NUJ general secretary , said :
" Journalism is facing grave threats in an age of intolerance .
While on the streets dissent is being criminalized , independent journalism is being increasingly caught in the civil liberties clampdown . "
The nine - minute video , called Press Freedom : Collateral Damage , includes examples of the police obstructing journalists in their work .
Autoverkauf ist Vertrauenssache .
Genau deshalb legen wir großen
Wert darauf , unseren Kunden beim Autoankauf faire Preise zu bezahlen .
Unser Unternehmen verfügt über jahrelange Erfahrung im Ankauf und Verkauf bzw .
Export von Fahrzeugen .
Sie können daher beim Autoankauf von uns einen Service erwarten , der Sie sicher zufrieden stellen wird .
Der Autoankauf über unsere Firma erfolgt direkt und ohne Zwischenhändler .
Das garantiert größtmögliche Transparenz und wirklich faire Preise .
Alle wichtigen Details zum Autoankauf finden Sie zusammengefasst auf unserer Abwicklungs – Seite .
Wenn Sie erwägen , Ihr Auto zu verkaufen , sollten Sie nicht länger zögern .
Egal , ob Ihr PKW ein Unfallwagen ist oder schon eine sehr hohe Laufleistung aufweist – unser kompetentes Team unterstützt Sie gerne beim Verkauf des Autos .
Auch ein Motorschaden oder Getriebeschaden an Ihrem Gebrauchtwagen muss kein Hindernis für den Ankauf sein .
Dank unserer weit gefächerten Kontakte finden wir auch für solche Automobile interessierte Abnehmer .
Autoankauf für den Export – fair , transparent und kundenfreundlich !
Konnten wir Ihr Interesse wecken ?
Dann machen
Sie doch gleich den ersten Schritt in Sachen Autoankauf .
Um uns Ihr Fahrzeug unverbindlich anzubieten , können Sie ganz einfach das bereits für Sie vorbereitete Ankauf - Formular verwenden .
Wenn Sie uns Ihren Gebrauchtwagen telefonisch anbieten möchten oder Fragen zur Abwicklung haben , erreichen sie uns unter der Rufnummer 0231 – 134 85 98 oder Handy 0163 – 142 40 23 .
Unser Unternehmen kauft zu fairen Konditionen nicht nur gute und gepflegte Gebrauchtwagen , sondern auch Unfallfahrzeuge sowie Fahrzeuge mit Motorschaden bzw .
Getriebeschaden .
Es spricht also nichts dagegen , sich vielleicht schon heute unverbindlich ein Angebot für den Autoankauf einzuholen .
Wir freuen uns auf Sie! Gebrauchtwagen verkaufen innerhalb von 24 Std. , nur bei uns .
Auto verkaufen bequem und ohne Stress .
Motorschaden ankauf mit Bundesweiter Abholung .
Ihr Autohändler mit über 10 Jahren Facherfahrung im Export und Import .
In folgenden Städten kaufen wir noch heute Ihren Pkw : Aachen – Bielefeld – Bochum – Bonn – Dorsten – Dortmund – Düsseldorf – Duisburg – Essen – Gelsenkirchen – Gütersloh – Hagen – Hamm – Herne – Köln – Krefeld – Münster – Mülheim – Mönchengladbach – Moers – Neuss – Oberhausen – Recklinghausen – Remscheid – Solingen – Wuppertal
NAME
Moose - A postmodern object system for Perl 5
SYNOPSIS
package Point ; use Moose ; # automatically turns on strict and warnings has ' x ' => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' Int ' ) ; has 'y ' => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' Int ' ) ; sub clear { my $ self = shift ; $ self - > x ( 0 ) ; $ self - > y ( 0 ) ; } package Point3D ; use Moose ; extends ' Point ' ; has ' z ' => ( is => ' rw ' , isa => ' Int ' ) ; after ' clear ' => sub { my $ self = shift ; $ self -> z ( 0 ) ; } ;
DESCRIPTION
Moose is an extension of the Perl 5 object system .
The main goal of Moose is to make Perl 5 Object Oriented programming easier , more consistent and less tedious .
With Moose you can to think more about what you want to do and less about the mechanics of OOP .
Additionally , Moose is built on top of Class :: MOP , which is a metaclass system for Perl 5 .
This means that Moose not only makes building normal Perl 5 objects better , but it provides the power of metaclass programming as well .
New to Moose ?
If you 're new to Moose , the best place to start is the Moose : : Intro docs , followed by the Moose : : Cookbook .
The intro will show you what Moose is , and how it makes Perl 5 OO better .
The cookbook recipes on Moose basics will get you up to speed with many of Moose 's features quickly .
Once you have an idea of what Moose can do , you can use the API documentation to get more detail on features which interest you .
Moose Extensions
The MooseX : : namespace is the official place to find Moose extensions .
These extensions can be found on the CPAN .
The easiest way to find them is to search for them ( http://search.cpan.org/search?query=MooseX::), or to examine Task :: Moose which aims to keep an up - to - date , easily installable list of Moose extensions .
BUILDING CLASSES WITH MOOSE
Moose makes every attempt to provide as much convenience as possible during class construction / definition , but still stay out of your way if you want it to .
Here are a few items to note when building classes with Moose .
Unless specified with extends , any class which uses Moose will inherit from Moose : : Object .
Moose will also manage all attributes ( including inherited ones ) that are defined with has .
And ( assuming you call new , which is inherited from Moose : : Object ) this includes properly initializing all instance slots , setting defaults where appropriate , and performing any type constraint checking or coercion .
PROVIDED METHODS
Moose provides a number of methods to all your classes , mostly through the inheritance of Moose : : Object .
There is however , one exception .
This is a method which provides access to the current class 's metaclass .
EXPORTED FUNCTIONS
Moose will export a number of functions into the class 's namespace which may then be used to set up the class .
These functions all work directly on the current class .
extends ( @superclasses )
This function will set the superclass ( es ) for the current class .
This approach is recommended instead of use base , because use base actually push es onto the class 's @ISA , whereas extends will replace it .
This is important to ensure that classes which do not have superclasses still properly inherit from Moose : : Object .
with ( @roles )
This will apply a given set of @roles to the local class .
has $ name => %options
This will install an attribute of a given $ name into the current class .
The %options are the same as those provided by Class :: MOP :: Attribute , in addition to the list below which are provided by Moose ( Moose : : Meta : : Attribute to be more specific ) : is => ' rw '| 'ro '
The is option accepts either rw ( for read / write ) or ro ( for read only ) .
These will create either a read / write accessor or a read - only accessor respectively , using the same name as the $ name of the attribute .
If you need more control over how your accessors are named , you can use the reader , writer and accessor options inherited from Class : : MOP : : Attribute , however if you use those , you wo n't need the is option .
isa => $ type_name
The isa option uses Moose 's type constraint facilities to set up runtime type checking for this attribute .
Moose will perform the checks during class construction , and within any accessors .
The $ type_name argument must be a string .
The string may be either a class name or a type defined using Moose 's type definition features .
( Refer to Moose : : Util : : TypeConstraints for information on how to define a new type , and how to retrieve type meta - data ) .
coerce => ( 1|0 ) This will attempt to use coercion with the supplied type constraint to change the value passed into any accessors or constructors .
You must have supplied a type constraint in order for this to work .
See Moose :: Cookbook : : Basics :: Recipe5 for an example .
does => $ role_name
This will accept the name of a role which the value stored in this attribute is expected to have consumed .
required => ( 1|0 ) This marks the attribute as being required .
This means a defined value must be supplied during class construction , and the attribute may never be set to undef with an accessor .
weak_ref => ( 1|0 ) This will tell the class to store the value of this attribute as a weakened reference .
If an attribute is a weakened reference , it can not also be coerced .
lazy => ( 1|0 ) This will tell the class to not create this slot until absolutely necessary .
If an attribute is marked as lazy it must have a default supplied .
auto_deref => ( 1|0 ) This tells the accessor whether to automatically dereference the value returned .
This is only legal if your isa option is either ArrayRef or HashRef .
trigger => $ code
The trigger option is a CODE reference which will be called after the value of the attribute is set .
The CODE ref will be passed the instance itself , the updated value and the attribute meta - object ( this is for more advanced fiddling and can typically be ignored ) .
You cannot have a trigger on a read - only attribute .
handles => ARRAY | HASH | REGEXP | ROLE | CODE
The handles option provides Moose classes with automated delegation features .
This is a pretty complex and powerful option .
It accepts many different option formats , each with its own benefits and drawbacks .
NOTE : The class being delegated to does not need to be a Moose based class , which is why this feature is especially useful when wrapping non-Moose classes .
All handles option formats share the following traits :
You cannot override a locally defined method with a delegated method ; an exception will be thrown if you try .
That is to say , if you define foo in your class , you cannot override it with a delegated foo .
This is almost never something you would want to do , and if it is , you should do it by hand and not use Moose .
You cannot override any of the methods found in Moose : : Object , or the BUILD and DEMOLISH methods .
These will not throw an exception , but will silently move on to the next method in the list .
My reasoning for this is that you would almost never want to do this , since it usually breaks your class .
As with overriding locally defined methods , if you do want to do this , you should do it manually , not with Moose .
You do not need to have a reader ( or accessor ) for the attribute in order to delegate to it .
Moose will create a means of accessing the value for you , however this will be several times less efficient then if you had given the attribute a reader ( or accessor ) to use .
Below is the documentation for each option format : ARRAY
This is the most common usage for handles .
You basically pass a list of method names to be delegated , and Moose will install a delegation method for each one .
HASH
This is the second most common usage for handles .
Instead of a list of method names , you pass a HASH ref where each key is the method name you want installed locally , and its value is the name of the original method in the class being delegated to .
This can be very useful for recursive classes like trees .
Here is a quick example ( soon to be expanded into a Moose : : Cookbook recipe ) : package Tree ; use Moose ; has ' node ' => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' Any ' ) ; has ' children ' => ( is => ' ro ' , isa => ' ArrayRef ' , default => sub { [ ] } ) ; has ' parent ' => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' Tree ' , weak_ref => 1 , handles => { parent_node => ' node ' , siblings => ' children ' , } ) ;
In this example , the Tree package gets parent_node and siblings methods , which delegate to the node and children methods ( respectively ) of the Tree instance stored in the parent slot .
REGEXP
The regexp option works very similar to the ARRAY option , except that it builds the list of methods for you .
It starts by collecting all possible methods of the class being delegated to , then filters that list using the regexp supplied here .
NOTE : An isa option is required when using the regexp option format .
This is so that we can determine ( at compile time ) the method list from the class .
Without an isa this is just not possible .
ROLE
With the role option , you specify the name of a role whose " interface " then becomes the list of methods to handle .
The " interface " can be defined as ; the methods of the role and any required methods of the role .
It should be noted that this does not include any method modifiers or generated attribute methods ( which is consistent with role composition ) .
CODE
This is the option to use when you really want to do something funky .
You should only use it if you really know what you are doing , as it involves manual metaclass twiddling .
This takes a code reference , which should expect two arguments .
The first is the attribute meta - object this handles is attached to .
The second is the metaclass of the class being delegated to .
It expects you to return a hash ( not a HASH ref ) of the methods you want mapped .
metaclass => $ metaclass_name
This tells the class to use a custom attribute metaclass for this particular attribute .
Custom attribute metaclasses are useful for extending the capabilities of the has keyword : they are the simplest way to extend the MOP , but they are still a fairly advanced topic and too much to cover here , see Moose : : Cookbook : : Meta:: Recipe1 for more information .
The default behavior here is to just load $ metaclass_name ; however , we also have a way to alias to a shorter name .
This will first look to see if Moose :: Meta :: Attribute :: Custom : : $ metaclass_name exists .
If it does , Moose will then check to see if that has the method register_implementation , which should return the actual name of the custom attribute metaclass .
If there is no register_implementation method , it will fall back to using Moose :: Meta :: Attribute : : Custom : : $ metaclass_name as the metaclass name .
traits => [ @role_names ]
This tells Moose to take the list of @role_names and apply them to the attribute meta - object .
This is very similar to the metaclass option , but allows you to use more than one extension at a time .
See " TRAIT NAME RESOLUTION " for details on how a trait name is resolved to a class name .
Also see Moose :: Cookbook :: Meta:: Recipe3 for a metaclass trait example .
has + $ name => %options
This is variation on the normal attibute creator has which allows you to clone and extend an attribute from a superclass or from a role .
Here is an example of the superclass usage : package Foo ; use Moose ; has ' message ' => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' Str ' , default => ' Hello , I am a Foo ' ) ; package My :: Foo ; use Moose ; extends ' Foo ' ; has '+ message ' => ( default => ' Hello I am My : : Foo ' ) ;
What is happening here is that My :: Foo is cloning the message attribute from its parent class Foo , retaining the is => ' rw ' and isa =>
' Str ' characteristics , but changing the value in default .
Here is another example , but within the context of a role : package Foo : : Role ; use Moose : : Role ; has ' message ' => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' Str ' , default => ' Hello , I am a Foo ' ) ; package My :: Foo ; use Moose ; with ' Foo : : Role ' ; has '+ message ' => ( default => ' Hello I am My : : Foo ' ) ;
In this case , we are basically taking the attribute which the role supplied and altering it within the bounds of this feature .
Aside from where the attributes come from ( one from superclass , the other from a role ) , this feature works exactly the same .
This feature is restricted somewhat , so as to try and force at least some sanity into it .
You are only allowed to change the following attributes : default Change the default value of an attribute .
coerce Change whether the attribute attempts to coerce a value passed to it .
required Change if the attribute is required to have a value .
documentation Change the documentation string associated with the attribute .
lazy Change if the attribute lazily initializes the slot .
isa
You are allowed to change the type without restriction .
It is recommended that you use this freedom with caution .
We used to only allow for extension only if the type was a subtype of the parent 's type , but we felt that was too restrictive and is better left as a policy descision .
handles
You are allowed to add a new handles definition , but you are not allowed to change one .
builder
You are allowed to add a new builder definition , but you are not allowed to change one .
metaclass
You are allowed to add a new metaclass definition , but you are not allowed to change one .
traits
You are allowed to add additional traits to the traits definition .
These traits will be composed into the attribute , but pre-existing traits are not overridden , or removed .
before $ name|@names => sub { ... } after $ name|@names => sub { ... } around $ name|@names => sub { ... }
This three items are syntactic sugar for the before , after , and around method modifier features that Class : : MOP provides .
More information on these may be found in the Class :: MOP : : Class documentation for now .
super
The keyword super is a no - op when called outside of an override method .
In the context of an override method , it will call the next most appropriate superclass method with the same arguments as the original method .
override ( $ name , &sub )
An override method is a way of explicitly saying " I am overriding this method from my superclass " .
You can call super within this method , and it will work as expected .
The same thing can be accomplished with a normal method call and the SUPER : : pseudo - package ; it is really your choice .
inner
The keyword inner , much like super , is a no - op outside of the context of an augment method .
You can think of inner as being the inverse of super ; the details of how inner and augment work is best described in the Moose : : Cookbook : : Basics :: Recipe6 .
augment ( $ name , &sub )
An augment method , is a way of explicitly saying " I am augmenting this method from my superclass " .
Once again , the details of how inner and augment work is best described in the Moose : : Cookbook : : Basics : : Recipe6 .
confess
This is the Carp : : confess function , and exported here because I use it all the time .
blessed
This is the Scalar : : Util : : blessed function , it is exported here because I use it all the time .
It is highly recommended that this is used instead of ref anywhere you need to test for an object 's class name .
METACLASS TRAITS
When you use Moose , you can also specify traits which will be applied to your metaclass :
use Moose - traits => ' My :: Trait ' ;
This is very similar to the attribute traits feature .
When you do this , your class 's meta object will have the specified traits applied to it .
See " TRAIT NAME RESOLUTION " for more details .
TRAIT NAME RESOLUTION
By default , when given a trait name , Moose simply tries to load a class of the same name .
If such a class does not exist , it then looks for for a class matching Moose : : Meta : : $ type : : Custom : : Trait : : $ trait_name .
The $ type variable here will be one of Attribute or Class , depending on what the trait is being applied to .
If a class with this long name exists , Moose checks to see if it has the method register_implementation .
This method is expected to return the real class name of the trait .
If there is no register_implementation method , it will fall back to using Moose : : Meta : : $ type : : Custom : : Trait : :$ trait as the trait name .
If all this is confusing , take a look at Moose : : Cookbook : : Meta:: Recipe3 , which demonstrates how to create an attribute trait .
UNIMPORTING FUNCTIONS
unimport
Moose offers a way to remove the keywords it exports , through the unimport method .
You simply have to say no Moose at the bottom of your code for this to work .
Here is an example :
package Person ; use Moose ; has ' first_name ' => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' Str ' ) ; has ' last_name ' => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' Str ' ) ; sub full_name { my $ self = shift ; $ self -> first_name . ' ' . $ self -> last_name } no Moose ; # keywords are removed from the Person package
EXTENDING AND EMBEDDING MOOSE
Moose also offers some options for extending or embedding it into your own framework .
To learn more about extending Moose , we recommend checking out the " Extending " recipes in the Moose : : Cookbook , starting with Moose : : Cookbook : : Extending :: Recipe1 , which provides an overview of all the different ways you might extend Moose .
Moose->init_meta( for_class => $ class , base_class => $ baseclass , metaclass => $ metaclass )
The init_meta method sets up the metaclass object for the class specified by for_class .
This method injects a a meta accessor into the class so you can get at this object .
It also sets the class 's superclass to base_class , with Moose : : Object as the default .
You can specify an alternate metaclass with the metaclass parameter .
For more detail on this topic , see Moose : : Cookbook : : Extending :: Recipe2 .
This method used to be documented as a function which accepted positional parameters .
This calling style will still work for backwards compatibility , but is deprecated .
import
Moose 's import method supports the Sub :: Exporter form of {into => $ pkg} and {into_level => 1} .
NOTE : Doing this is more or less deprecated .
Use Moose :: Exporter instead , which lets you stack multiple Moose .
pm - alike modules sanely .
It handles getting the exported functions into the right place for you .
CAVEATS
It should be noted that super and inner cannot be used in the same method .
However , they may be combined within the same class hierarchy ; see t/014_override_augment_inner_super.t for an example .
The reason for this is that super is only valid within a method with the override modifier , and inner will never be valid within an override method .
In fact , augment will skip over any override methods when searching for its appropriate inner .
This might seem like a restriction , but I am of the opinion that keeping these two features separate ( yet interoperable ) actually makes them easy to use , since their behavior is then easier to predict .
Time will tell whether I am right or not ( UPDATE : so far so good ) .
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
I blame Sam Vilain for introducing me to the insanity that is meta -models .
I blame Audrey Tang for then encouraging my meta - model habit in #perl6 .
Without Yuval " nothingmuch " Kogman this module would not be possible , and it certainly would n't have this name ; P
The basis of the TypeContraints module was Rob Kinyon 's idea originally , I just ran with it .
Thanks to mst & chansen and the whole #moose posse for all the early ideas / feature - requests / encouragement / bug - finding .
Thanks to David " Theory " Wheeler for meta - discussions and spelling fixes .
SEE ALSO
http://www.iinteractive.com/moose
This is the official web home of Moose , it contains links to our public SVN repo as well as links to a number of talks and articles on Moose and Moose related technologies .
Moose :: Cookbook - How to cook a Moose The Moose is flying , a tutorial by Randal Schwartz Part 1 - http://www.stonehenge.com/merlyn/LinuxMag/col94.html
Part 2 - http://www.stonehenge.com/merlyn/LinuxMag/col95.html
Class :: MOP documentation
The #moose channel on irc.perl.org The Moose mailing list - moose@perl.org
Moose stats on ohloh .
net - http://www.ohloh.net/projects/moose
Several Moose extension modules in the MooseX : : namespace .
See http://search.cpan.org/search?query=MooseX:: for extensions .
Books
The Art of the MetaObject Protocol I mention this in the Class :: MOP docs too , this book was critical in the development of both modules and is highly recommended .
Papers
http://www.cs.utah.edu/plt/publications/oopsla04-gff.pdf
This paper ( suggested by lbr on # moose ) was what lead to the implementation of the super / override and inner / augment features .
If you really want to understand them , I suggest you read this .
BUGS
All complex software has bugs lurking in it , and this module is no exception .
If you find a bug please either email me , or add the bug to cpan-RT .
FEATURE REQUESTS
We are very strict about what features we add to the Moose core , especially the user - visible features .
Instead we have made sure that the underlying meta-system of Moose is as extensible as possible so that you can add your own features easily .
That said , occasionally there is a feature needed in the meta - system to support your planned extension , in which case you should either email the mailing list or join us on irc at #moose to discuss .
AUTHOR
Stevan Little < stevan@iinteractive.com >
with contributions from :
Aankhen
Adam ( Alias ) Kennedy
Anders ( Debolaz ) Nor Berle
Nathan ( kolibre ) Gray
Christian ( chansen ) Hansen
Hans Dieter ( confound ) Pearcey
Eric ( ewilhelm )
Wilhelm
Guillermo ( groditi ) Roditi
Jess ( castaway ) Robinson
Matt ( mst ) Trout
Robert ( phaylon ) Sedlacek
Robert ( rlb3 ) Boone
Scott ( konobi ) McWhirter
Shlomi ( rindolf ) Fish
Yuval ( nothingmuch ) Kogman
Chris ( perigrin ) Prather
Wallace ( wreis ) Reis
Jonathan ( jrockway ) Rockway
Dave ( autarch ) Rolsky
Piotr ( dexter ) Roszatycki
Sam ( mugwump ) Vilain
Shawn ( sartak ) Moore
... and many other #moose folks
COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
Copyright 2006 - 2008 by Infinity Interactive , Inc .
http://www.iinteractive.com
This library is free software ; you can redistribute it and / or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself .
The poll asked voters their response to negative statements about Barack Obama , including reported praise for him from a leader of the Palestinian terror group Hamas .
GOP group behind negative Obama poll
A Republican group is taking responsibility for a poll that has roiled the Jewish community by asking sharply negative questions about Senator Barack Obama .
The Republican Jewish Coalition , which is launching a campaign against Obama on behalf of Senator John McCain , sponsored the poll to " understand why Barack Obama continues to have a problem among Jewish voters , " the group 's executive director , Matt Brooks , told Politico .
Advertisement
The poll asked voters their response to negative statements about Obama , including reported praise for him from a leader of the Palestinian terror group Hamas and a friendship early in his career with a pro-Palestinian university professor .
Some Jewish Democrats who received the poll – including a New Republic writer who lives in Michigan – were outraged by the poll , describing it in interviews as " ugly " and disturbing .
A group that supports Obama , the Jewish Council for Education and Research even staged a protest outside the Manhattan call center from which the calls originated Tuesday .
" If the RJC is responsible for these calls , which are designed to frighten Jews and sow mistrust , they have forfeited their place at the Jewish table , " said the co-executive director of the group , Mik Moore .
" It is incumbent upon the McCain campaign to speak out forcefully against this and ongoing efforts by his supporters to scare Jews into supporting his candidacy . "
Brooks , however , denied that the poll was meant to influence Jewish voters , and said it was a traditional poll meant to gauge the opinions of Jewish voters .
" What we did is test , in standard polling methodology , a number of factual issues that have been reported on in the press and are policy positions to see how they 're resonating in the Jewish community , " said Brooks .
" The notion that this is a ' push poll ' is offensive to us . "
Brooks said the RJC , whose board includes advisors and fundraisers for Senator John McCain , had placed 750 calls to Jewish voters in five states : Florida , Michigan , Ohio , Pennsylvania , and New Jersey .
He accused the protesters of " intimidation . "
Mark Blumenthal , editor of the website Pollster.com , said the form of the poll , and its length of 15 minutes , made it more likely to be a traditional " message testing " survey than a " push poll , " in which brief calls are made to deliver a message and the caller typically has no interest in the results .
He added , however , that in some cases a pollster might anticipate — and welcome — the possibility that negative questions would draw media attention and , indirectly , amplify the pointed statements .
Certainly , they have drawn attention :
After first reporting on two voters who were polled , Politico was contacted by a half - dozen more , and many Jewish Obama backers are livid at the survey .
" The fact that the Republican Jewish Coalition is targeting Jewish Americans with these disgraceful and deceitful tactics fits in perfectly with the dishonorable campaign that John McCain has chosen to run .
Peddling lies and hateful distortions to scare Jewish voters is reprehensible and deeply disrespectful to Jewish Americans , " said Florida Congressman Robert Wexler , an Obama supporter .
The poll may not itself have been aimed at delivering a single message , but it does point to the group 's possible lines of attack on Obama in the heated battle for Jewish votes .
John McCain 's hawkish , pro-Israel credentials , and nervousness in the Jewish community over both Obama 's promise of diplomacy with Iran and the false rumors that he is a Muslim and hostile to Israel had produced polls over the summer that showed Obama winning about two thirds of the Jewish vote .
That 's a substantial margin , but a narrower one than Al Gore and John Kerry took , and a worrisome issue for the Democrats , particularly in Florida .
The selection of Sarah Palin , whose record on Israel is thin and who recently sat through a sermon suggesting that terrorism in Jerusalem is God 's judgment on Jews for not believing in Jesus , has re-energized Jewish Democrats and may push some voters back to Obama 's camp .
Brooks ' group has already released ads aimed at reinforcing Jews ' skepticism of Obama .
" Concerned about Barack Obama ?
You should be , " says a print advertisement displayed on the group 's Web site , with a picture Obama speaking to a large crowd in , according to the caption , Germany .
The ad criticizes his foreign policy as " naïve and weak " and says he has " anti-Israel advisors . "
Though some outside Obama advisors , including former Carter aide Zbigniew Brzezinski , are viewed with skepticism in the Jewish community , his inner circle of policy advisors are drawn from the pro-Israel mainstream of Democratic foreign policy .
" We want to talk about what 's really on the mind of the Jewish community , " Brooks said , describing the campaign as " an effort to raise important policy issues and to encourage a debate in the Jewish community on these issues . "
Brooks declined to release the script of the poll , but he denied the charge – made by two voters who received it – that pollsters had asked for a reaction to the claim that Obama is a Muslim .
" I went into this whole tirade about how I had read his autobiography and how he was n't a Muslim but if he was a Muslim I would vote for him anyway , " said Joelna Marcus , a retired college professor who received the call at a phone number for her home in Key West , Fla .
Brooks said the questions transcribed by the New Republic 's Jonathan Cohn were roughly accurate , but were only part of an 82 - question survey , the bulk of which asked more general questions about political
views and religious affiliation .
Cohn wrote that he was asked how six different statements would affect his vote :
• Obama has had a decade long relationship with pro-Palestinian leaders in Chicago
• the leader of Hamas , Ahmed Yousef , expressed support for Obama and his hope for Obama 's victory
• the church Barack Obama has attended is known for its anti-Israel and anti-American remarks
• Jimmy Carter 's anti-Israel national security advisor is one of Barack Obama 's foreign policy advisors
• Barack Obama was the member of a board ( sic ) that funded a pro-Palestinian charitable organization
• Barack Obama called for holding a summit of Muslim nations , excluding Israel , if elected president
Most of the statements are true , at least in part .
Obama was friendly with pro-Palestinian leaders in Chicago in his early days in politics , but they denounced him years ago for his support of Israel .
Obama 's church bulletin ran articles sympathetic to the Palestinian cause ; Brzezinski is an informal advisor to Obama ; the Woods Fund , whose board he served on , gave a grant to a community center in Chicago founded by Palestinian activists ; and he did propose a summit of Muslim nations .
But the poll – and the Republican Jewish Coalition 's material more generally – leaves out virtually all of Obama 's recent record , which includes a stance on Israel that has won him praise from the main pro-Israel lobby , AIPAC , and attacks from Palestinian leaders .
He has pushed legislation , for instance , that would force companies to divest from Iran , and has backed Israel 's right to aggressively fight Palestinian militants .
He 's also had a good relationship with Chicago 's Jewish community .
" Mr. Obama 's commitment to Israel , as he has articulated it so far in his campaign , is quite moving and a tribute to the broad , bipartisan support that the Jewish state has in America , " the fiercely pro-Israel
New York Sun editorialized earlier this year .
Obama is also campaigning aggressively in the Jewish community , directly and through surrogates , and his running mate , Joe Biden , recently visited South Florida and made jokes in Yiddish , his familiar
presence a contrast with the unknown Palin .
On Wednesday , Obama himself is slated to dial into a " National Rabbis Conference Call in honor of Rosh Hashanah , " according to an email from the campaign 's Jewish outreach wing .
( Drops reference to Spielberg as executive producer in 3rd paragraph ) By Edith Honan
U.S. director Steven Spielberg departs after the world premiere screening of the film " Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull " at the 61st Cannes Film Festival May 18 , 2008 .
Picture taken May 18 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jean - Paul Pelissier
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Steven Spielberg and major Hollywood studios stole the plot from Alfred Hitchcock ’s classic 1954 film “ Rear Window ” in making last year ’s “ Disturbia , ” a lawsuit filed in Manhattan federal court on Monday said .
Dreamworks , its parent company Viacom Inc , and Universal Pictures , a unit of General Electric Co ’s NBC Universal , are accused of copyright infringement and breach of contract for making “ Disturbia ” without first obtaining permission from the copyright holders , the suit said .
Spielberg , a Dreamworks founder , is named as a defendant .
The film grossed about $ 80 million at the U.S. box office .
According to the lawsuit , filed by the Sheldon Abend Revocable Trust , the basis for Hitchcock ’s 1954 film was “ Murder from a Fixed Viewpoint , ” a short story by Cornell Woolrich .
Hitchcock and actor James Stewart obtained the motion picture rights to the story in 1953 .
The lawsuit argues that Dreamworks should have done the same .
“ What the defendants have been unwilling to do openly , legitimately and legally , ( they ) have done surreptitiously , by their back - door use of the ‘ Rear Window ’ story without paying compensation , ” the lawsuit said .
A spokesman for Spielberg declined to comment .
Representatives of Viacom and NBC Universal were not immediately available for comment .
According to the lawsuit , “ Disturbia ” and the “ Rear Window ” story are “ essentially the same . ”
Both are murder mysteries beginning with a man who , while peering from his window , witnesses strange behavior in the home of his neighbor .
The protagonist in all three of the works behaves in essentially the same way , interacts with similar characters and the plot unfolds in basically the same way , the lawsuit said .
“ In the Disturbia film the defendants purposefully employed immaterial variations or transparent rephrasing to produce essentially the same story as the Rear Window story , ” the lawsuit said .
In reviewing “ Disturbia , ” the New York Times called it “ a kind of adolescent ‘ Rear Window . ’ ”
The Toronto Star newspaper called it “ a rip off with wit . ”
Who 's Whining Now ?
Gramm Slammed By Economists Former McCain aide 's comments about " nation of whiners " criticized by experts .
Sept. 19 , 2008  --
Talk about words coming back to haunt you .
Phil Gramm , John McCain 's former economic adviser , left the campaign in July when he tried to counter criticism of the Republican candidate 's economic policies by asserting that the country " had become a nation of whiners " in a " mental recession . "
Even McCain came forward to say that he disagreed with Gramm 's remarks , adding that someone who'd lost their job " is n't suffering from a mental recession . "
And Barack Obama is using Gramm 's comments and his support of deregulation , which prompted some of the risky lending that caused the current financial crisis , in a new TV ad that questions McCain 's ability to handle the economy .
" They think the economy 's fundamentally strong , " intones a voice - over in the ad .
" We know they 're fundamentally wrong . "
Though Gramm , a former Texas senator , is no longer a member of McCain 's close - knit team , he still seems to be assisting the campaign .
Last week , former Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul says Gramm , who is a vice chairman of the investment banking division at UBS , called to urge him to endorse McCain .
Gramm also appeared in the audience at an Aspen Institute Forum featuring McCain last month .
Gramm 's comments seem all the more stark with the financial upheaval of the past few weeks , including the government takeover of mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , as well as the de facto takeover of largest insurer AIG .
" This is a mentality that does n't understand the nature of systemic risks in financial systems , " says Joseph Stiglitz , Nobel Prize - winning economist and former chairman of President Clinton 's Council of Economic Advisers .
" It 's social Darwinism . "
Economic experts say that Gramm and others are to blame for the current crisis that is shaking Wall Street .
Gramm 's successful effort to pass banking reform laws in 1999 , which reduced decades - old regulations separating banking , insurance and brokerage activities , helped to create the current economic crisis .
" As a result , the culture of investment banks was conveyed to commercial banks and everyone got involved in the high - risk gambling mentality .
That mentality was core to the problem that we 're facing now , " Stiglitz says .
Lakshman Achuthan , managing director of the Economic Cycle Research Institute , also asserted that Gramm was mistaken , criticizing him and economic policymakers for not taking the risk of recession seriously enough .
" There is a recession -- that is clear and it does n't make sense to blame middle - class folks , " says Achuthan .
" Policy holders should be held fully accountable for letting Wall Street run amok . "
Achuthan agrees that Gramm 's banking reform laws helped lead to the subprime mortgage crisis as commercial banks started taking enormous risks .
" We were setting up this bonfire years ago -- the deregulation , the inordinate amount of liquidity given to the system all set the stage for the bubble and the bust , " he explains .
Gramm was not available for comment and a UBS spokesman declined comment on his behalf .
" He 's in back - to - back meetings all day and not very interested in doing interviews this week , " said UBS spokesman Doug Morris .
Asked whether Gramm has any official or unofficial role in the campaign , McCain spokesman Brian Rogers said , " He is a supporter .
He has no advisory role to the campaign . "
Some economists noted that Gramm 's comments , while insensitive to the struggles of working - class Americans , were made earlier this summer , after the collapse of Bear Stearns but before this weekend 's crisis .
" Those comments were for another time , another place and just do n't apply to the current situation , " explains Allen Sinai , chief economist at consultancy Decision Economics , who predicted that the country faces its longest recession since World War II .
" I 'm not whiner , but the financial system is in a crisis .
And it 's not just a financial system problem but a Main Street problem that affects many Americans . "
Political pundits says that Gramm 's comments hurt the McCain campaign and illustrated how the candidate seems to be more vulnerable than Obama on economic issues .
" There might be a grain of truth in what he says -- in terms of big macro- economic trends like unemployment and inflation , the economy is not so bad -- but from the perspective of those on the lower end , it 's a very different - looking story and it does n't play well politically , " says Nolan McCarty , congressional and presidential scholar at Princeton University .
" It made McCain look insensitive and out of touch , " he explains , comparing it to George Bush Sr. 's difficulties running against Bill Clinton in the 1992 campaign .
" Though he 's not George Bush , [ the crisis ] presents more of a vulnerability to McCain , the fact that his power has been in power for eight years and it hurts him because Republicans tend to be associated as the party of finance . "
John Donahoe , eBay President and Chief Executive Officer delivers the keynote address during the annual meeting of shareholders and auction sellers in Chicago , Illinois June 20 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Frank Polich
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. online auctioneer eBay Inc may cut 1,500 jobs , according to an article in Barron ’s weekly , citing a report published last week by investment - research firm Wedge Partners .
The Wedge report , according to Barron ’s , said eBay ’s business was “ deteriorating ” and the company was readying layoffs that could affect 10 percent of its 15,000 employees .
Wedge Partners and eBay could not immediately be reached for comment .
[ This list contains text that some may not consider family friendly ]
Many of us have had piercing in the ears and probably quite a number of us have piercing in other less common parts of the body , but there are some people who have outright bizarre piercing and other body modifications .
It was certainly not an easy task to find “ safe ” pictures for this list – but I have done my best !
10 Branding
Human branding is the process in which a mark , usually a symbol or ornamental pattern , is burned into the skin of a living person , with the intention that the resulting scar makes it permanent .
This is performed using a hot or cold iron .
It therefore uses the physical techniques of livestock branding on a human .
9 Subdermal Implant
A subdermal implant refers to a kind of body jewelry that is placed underneath the skin , therefore allowing the body to heal over the implant and creating a raised design .
Many people who have these implants use them in conjunction with other types of body modification to create a desired , dramatic effect .
8 Earlobe Stretching
Most people can stretch to at least 2 ga ( 1/4 ″ ) and still have the tissue return to normal when they remove the jewelry , but there really are no guarantees .
Do n’t stretch your ears unless you are certain you ’ll be okay with it forever .
Once the elastic limit of the skin has been passed , or a large amount of additional tissue has been built up , the hole will not close again completely .
A person who is either obsessed with stretching their piercings , or with showing off their many stretched piercings , is known as a “ Gauge Queen ” .
Some wear this term with pride , others use it derisively .
7 Tongue Splitting
Tongue bifurcation , or tongue splitting , is a type of body modification in which the tongue is cut centrally from its tip part of the way towards its base , forking the end .
In most cases , the split is created through scalpeling or surgical laser .
Self modifiers often choose to achieve a split by gradually tightening nylon bindings inserted through an existing tongue piercing over a long period of time .
This method is long , arduous , and requires a high pain tolerance .
6 Tooth Filing
Tooth filing is a form of body modification in which people file their natural teeth to create a desired look or shape .
5 Tightlacing
Also called corset training and waist training , this is the practice of wearing a tightly - laced corset to achieve extreme modifications to the figure and posture and experience the sensations of a very tight corset .
Those who practice tightlacing are called tightlacers .
Some tightlacers call the corsets they wear training corsets .
4 Pearling
This is the practice of permanently inserting small beads made of various materials beneath the skin of the genitals –of the labia , or of the shaft or foreskin of the penis .
As well as being an aesthetic practice , this is usually intended to enhance the sexual pleasure of partners during vaginal or anal intercourse .
The practice seems to have been fairly common across world cultures and is still done today .
You can see a VERY Not Safe For Work image here .
3 Corneal tattooing
Eyeball tattooing has been around for a long time ; in the 19th century it was commonly used to correct cosmetic defects in blind eyes .
The procedure can be performed with traditional tattoo needle or a syringe .
The eye is simply held open while the pigment , which is the exact same type used in a regular tattoo , is injected into the eyeball .
2 Anal stretching
The process of anal stretching is a lot like earlobe stretching , except you do n’t wear the “ jewelry ” around the clock .
Like stretching a piercing , it involves slow and increasingly larger play over an extended period of time .
The image above is for “ tools ” to aid in this modification .
1 Extraocular Implant
The implantation of jewelry in the outer layer of the eye , this is one I must admit I had not heard of .
Apparently first done in the Netherlands , it has come to the US .
According to Dr. Christopher Rapuano , a corneal surgeon at Philadelphia ’s Wills Eye Hospital , “ You can think of it as crazy .
I mean this is invasive surgery where you are cutting the surface layer of the eye open to put a little piece of jewelry in .
The first time I read about this I said , ‘ Oh , my God , who is doing this ? ’ ”
The safety of this procedure will have to prove itself over time , since it has n’t been performed on many people , but the possibility for infection and complications is definitely there .
+ Pierced Glasses
James Sooy and Oliver Gibson have come up with Pierced Glasses – the most minimalist eyewear since the Pince - nez was invented in the 1840’s .
I would not have believed this one if I had not seen it with my own bespectacled eyes .
Notable omissions : penis splitting ( try finding a SFW image for that ! )
Contributor : rushfan
| RHF Joke Archives |
This one was forwarded by friends : Benched
My girlfriend always seemed to enjoy seeing just how much she could get away with doing some form of bondage in public .
She does this partly because she finds it fun , mostly because she knows it drives me out of my tree .
Usually , I 'm able to fast - talk my way out of potentially embarrassing situations with Mundanes , but yesterday she nearly got me fired .
Yesterday afternoon we had lunch together .
Afterward , she accompanied me back to my place of work .
I thought this slightly unusual , since she had never before expressed an interest in my work ( electronic engineering ) , but it did n't occur to me that she had something planned .
We arrived at my workbench , where I 'm currently trying to figure out why the $ & board on which I 'm working is not performing the way I designed it .
" Is this where you work ? " she asked .
" At the moment , " I replied .
I reached over to turn on the scope , thereby completely failing to notice the huge studded black leather collar she produced from her purse .
Before I could even blink ( it is amazing the speed at which she could do this ) , she had locked the collar snugly around my neck , and locked the end of the six - foot jack chain to the center of the bench ( where there just happened to be a mounting hole , dammit ) .
I turned to face her in utter disbelief , mouth agape .
" I 'll be back for you at five , " she said .
" HAVE YOU GONE COMPLETELY WACKO !!?!?
I yelled in a hushed voice .
" HOW THE HELL AM I GOING TO EXPLAIN THIS ??? "
" You 'll think of something , " she said , dropping the keys into her clevage .
" You always do . "
" But suppose I have to go to the bathroom , " I countered .
" Do n't give me that , " she said .
" I 've seen you go for a whole day without visiting the bathroom . "
" But ... , " I tried to say .
" SHHH !
The subject is closed .
I 'll be back at five .
Bye . "
She turned and left , against my hushed protests .
I sat in panic and tried to think myself out of my situation .
I tried to think of all the people who might visit .
Most of my co-workers were friends who knew that my girlfriend and I were a bit odd , so this should n't surprise them .
But I had no idea what I was going to say if one of my bosses came in .
I checked my watch to see how long I would have to endure this ignomity .
13:30 ( I'm a military time weenie ) .
" Three and a half hours , " I thought .
I heaved a sigh , and got to work , such as I could .
As it happened , three of my co-workers visited for what - not .
All of them immediately noticed the collar ( it would be pretty hard not to ) , and asked if it was my girlfriend 's idea .
I said yes .
They asked what I would say if my supervisor saw it .
I said I had n't the faintest idea .
One of the aforementioned colleagues took the bench next to me , and after a few remarks ( and a question as to where he could get a collar like the one I had ) , settled down to work in silence .
After some time , I checked my watch .
16:40 .
" Gee , I just might make it through this after all , " I thought .
I was even beginning to get a handle on the problem on the # % ^*@ ! board on which I was working .
Murphey must have been standing right behind me reading my thoughts , for not more than two minutes later one of my bosses entered the room .
And not just any boss .
Noooooooo .
This was Mr. Narrowminded himself .
This was the guy who took Lifespring and became a born - again fundamentalist .
How he came to have the power of hire - and - fire over us is one of the Great Mysteries of The Universe .
We avoided this guy at all costs .
His eyes fell upon me immediately .
A few picoseconds later , he saw the collar around my neck in all its splender .
" My life is over , " I thought .
I still had n't thought of a plausible explanation for this .
Mr Solderbrain ( the name we called him behind his back ; a corruption of his real name ) started to walk slowly and deliberately over to me , his eyes fixed on the collar .
Fifteen agonizing seconds later , he was standing next to me .
I thought the guy next to me was going to have a siezure stifling all his giggles .
I continued to work , acting as though there were nothing the least bit unusual about my predicament .
Finally he spoke .
" What .
The .
HELL !
Is .
That ??! " he said .
I do n't know how I thought of what I said .
In fact , I 'm pretty sure I did n't know what I was going to say until just as i was saying it .
I 'm even more amazed that Mr. Solderbrain actually bought it and did n't fire me on the spot .
I turned to face him calmly , with total nonchalance , exuding complete confidence in what I was about to say , even though I did n't know what it was yet .
I did n't even miss a beat .
" Grounding strap , " I said , and returned to work
The guy next to me fell off his chair and nearly died laughing .
( From the " Rest " of RHF )
| RHF Joke Archives |
Stimuler la construction avec la loi Pinel
La loi Pinel et le plan de relance du logement ont pour but de faciliter et encourager la construction de logements à destination locative où il y en a le plus besoin , souvent dans les grandes agglomérations françaises .
Relancer le logement avec l'investissement locatif
Plan de relance du logement
Pour pallier à un manque de logement problématique , Manuel Valls a mis en place un plan de relance du logement en 2014 .
Il concerne aussi bien les propriétaires que les locataires .
L'investissement locatif est une des mesures phare mise en place et la loi Pinel en est le fer de lance .
En offrant des réductions d'impôts aux investisseurs achetant un appartement pour le louer , à condition que les termes d'application de la loi Pinel soient respectés , l'Etat incite donc la construction de logements locatifs là où il le souhaite en limitant cet avantage fiscal sur des zones tendues d'un point de vue locatif .
The rigors of campaigning caught up with Cindy McCain on Wednesday .
She suffered a minor wrist sprain when an “ enthusiastic supporter ” shook her hand at a fundraiser .
Later in the afternoon , she stood beside her husband , GOP presidential hopeful John McCain , wearing a soft cast on her right arm supported by a black fabric sling that sported a sparkly brooch .
“ I ’m absolutely fine , ” she said .
John McCain joked that his wife now would “ not have to shake so many hands ” while on the stump .
Advertisement
The injury occurred at a noon luncheon at the Shenandoah Banquet , Golf and Conference Center in West Bloomfield , Mich. , the first of the day ’s three McCain fundraisers .
The handshake aggravated an old carpal tunnel condition for which the candidate ’s wife had wrist surgery several years ago .
“ During the rope line , an enthusiastic supporter shook Mrs. McCain ’s hand and exacerbated an existing condition , ” a statement from the campaign said .
“ Out of an abundance of caution , she decided to leave the event and visit the local hospital for X - rays , where she was treated for a minor sprain .
We appreciate everyone ’s concern , and she is back on the campaign trail now . ”
-- Seema Mehta
The Kuwaiti daily Al - Watan recently published an article [ 1 ] by its columnist Sheikh Nabil Al - ' Awadhi , who is a government - appointed preacher at a Kuwaiti mosque and in the past had a television show called " An Hour of Sincerity " on Kuwaiti Al - Rai TV .
In the article , titled " The Qualities of the European , " Al - ' Awadhi states that Europeans are disciplined and law - abiding only because they fear punishment ; that they are unclean , since they " only wash when absolutely necessary " ; and that they are selfish , cowardly and miserly .
It should be noted that in August 2006 , the Kuwaiti Ministry of Endowments suspended Al - ' Awadhi from his post as preacher for three months , after he gave a Friday sermon inciting to jihad and calling for harming Jews . [ 2 ]
Reformist Kuwaiti writer Ahmad Al - Sarraf responded to Al - ' Awadhi's article with one of his own , in which he condemned and refuted Al - ' Awadhi 's statements about Europeans . [ 3 ]
Following are excerpts from the two articles :
The Europeans ' " Bad Qualities Are Innumberable ! "
Al - 'Awadhi's article , titled " The Qualities of the European , " appeared in his regular " A Word of Sincerity " column in Al - Watan .
In it , he wrote :
" In a previous piece , called ' The Arab Qualities , ' I mentioned some of the bad qualities which distinguish many Arabs , and which Islam calls on us to reject .
Some [ people ] , who are dazzled by Western civilization , thought that the examples [ I presented in the article ] were intended as a comprehensive comparison between the Arabs and the West .
But the truth is that I mentioned only a few [ Arab ] qualities , comparing them with Western characteristics .
" However , as for the West and its characteristics , especially the Europeans – their bad qualities are innumerable !
This article does not mean to [ discuss ] all the European qualities , [ but ] only some of them – in particular those having to do with their relations with one another .
" Europeans Today Are Disciplined , Law - Abiding , and Punctual ... Because They Are Afraid of Penalties "
" As for the Europeans ' relations with the Creator , animals are better than they are ... for they do not permit what is permissible , and do not forbid what is forbidden .
Moreover , whenever they find a way to please the Devil , they pursue it .
I do not believe that Satan [ ever ] imagined that his temptation of humanity would [ yield ] such an extent of heresy as well as moral depravity and decay .
" Most Europeans today are disciplined , law - abiding , and punctual .
But they behave in this manner not because they believe in [ these virtues ] , but because they are afraid of penalties and fines .
Just imagine , dear reader , a civilized city like London , New York , Paris or Frankfurt with the electricity cut off for even one day .
What do you think the European man , in his elegant suit , and the European woman , with her elegant figure , would do ?
" [ Imagine ] just one day without electricity , during which the surveillance cameras and the alarm systems fail .
In this situation , these civilized people would turn into wild animals that would devour everything !!
" Yes , that is the truth about the West .
It is not restrained by religion , values or virtue , but only by fear of punishment and fines .
Furthermore , without surveillance , even the police would take part in the thievery . "
" Had Allah Not Given [ the Europeans ] a Cold Climate , Their Stench Would Have ... Driven Away the Birds and Withered the Vegetation "
" Europeans [ also ] usually smell bad , because they do not wash until it is absolutely necessary .
They do not clean themselves properly after urinating , nor do they wipe the filth off [ themselves ] .
Whoever mingles with them notices this characteristic .
If Allah had not given them a cold climate , the stench would have been overwhelming , driving away the birds and withering the vegetation .
For real cleanliness means nothing to them .
" Other bad qualities which characterize the Europeans like no others are cowardice and stinginess .
You encounter a European of impressive appearance , and you believe him to be brave and strong .
But as soon as you put him to the test , you find him to be a craven coward .
On many occasions , I have seen them make a big racket , like barking dogs , but once confronted , they run away like rats ...
" Usually , they do not aid those who are wronged or help those in distress , except seldom .
Many a time have I seen people being beaten and old people lying injured on the ground , with no one lifting a finger to help them .
They pay no attention to others and think only of themselves . "
" The European is Miserly Even Towards His Own Wife and Children "
" As for stinginess , the Europeans are the very model of it .
The European is miserly even towards his own wife and children .
He may dine with his wife in a restaurant , and then each of them pays their own bill !!
And when his son or daughter turns 18 , he asks them to pay rent for living under his roof !
" Just as generosity and courage are man 's finest qualities , so are stinginess and cowardice his worst , and the latter are especially characteristic of the European .
He lives for his material interests only , and does not recognize social ties .
Father and mother usually mean nothing to him , and even his children – his only interest in them is materialistic .
" Most of the Europeans today are racist , especially the Germans and the French .
They despise one another , and [ also ] despise others .
They believe that they deserve a good life , while others have only the right to serve them .
Those compelled to live among them experience this racism .
Given an opportunity to crush the others , [ the Europeans ] would grab it without hesitation .
In fact , their history [ provides ] proof of this evil quality .
" I do not write this article out of hate or resentment , though , by Allah , I do hate the infidels among them .
I have written this article in fairness , so that those who are impressed with the West will not be deluded and will not think that I am dazzled by the Europeans .
For , as I have said , their bad qualities are innumerable .
By Allah , even one Muslim who worships Allah is better than all the infidels in the world , even if their appearance impresses some people . "
Reformist Al - Sarraf : Looking At the Europeans ' Achievements , " We Are Shocked – Not Only by the Extent of Their Progress , But Also By the Extent of Our Own Backwardness "
In his rebuttal to Al - ' Awadhi , reformist Kuwaiti writer Ahmad Al - Sarraf wrote : " A simple and quick comparison between the societies in the Gulf and those of Europe reveals enormous differences in education , agriculture and economics , not to mention space exploration , trade , tourism , archeology , hotels , roads , and basic utilities like electricity , water and alternative energy sources .
If we examine their scientific institutes , [ their ] progress in medicine , and the standard of [ care in ] their hospitals , we will be shocked – not only by the extent of their progress , but also by the extent of our own backwardness , lack of productivity , and scanty participation in human enterprises .
" A quick glance at the moral differences between the two societies will [ also ] shock us ...
In Europe , [ punctuality ] is sacred and the work [ ethic ] is honored , while dishonesty is rare .
In our societies , [ on the other hand ] , the opposite is true .
" [ When we consider ] their cultural and humanitarian role , and their contribution in all areas to humanity as a whole over the last three centuries or more , we are astonished – not only at how little we have contributed , but [ also ] at the amazing number of calamities and woes that shameless fools from amongst us have inflicted upon the world , especially upon the West .
" Space does not permit [ me ] to enumerate the reasons for [ the difference between the two societies ] .
However , there is no better proof of the greatness of Western culture , and of its values and ethics , than [ the testimony ] of the Saudi preacher ' Aaidh Al - Qarni , whose affiliation with a strict Islamic school did not prevent him from writing [ the following words ] during his first visit to Europe last March .
[ He wrote : ] ' I am [ currently ] in Paris for medical treatment .
I have been consulting doctors , visiting libraries , observing people , and looking at the way they behave towards each other .
I have found polite and friendly people of refined culture , good qualities , and fine sensibilities .
I have also found punctuality and a well - ordered way of life .
[ As for ] us Arabs , Ibn Khaldun has preceded me in describing us as wild and uncouth .
Some of my fellow clerics are coarse of character and have a desert mentality .
We need an institution to train us in good manners , and another to produce high officials who are gentle , compassionate and humble ... [ and who ] treat people decently . '
This is what Saudi preacher Al - Qarni thinks of the Europeans . "
" Kuwaiti preacher Nabil Al - ' Awadhi , who writes for Al - Watan and belongs to the very same religious school as Al - Qarni , has a completely different view of [ the Europeans ] ...
[ He thinks that ] ' their bad qualities are innumerable . '
His lengthy article contains much censure , invective and abuse , and I have quoted from [ it ] only in order to expose ... the attitude towards others held by some of us – especially towards those who are most advanced , cultured and respectful [ of others ] and who have contributed the most to other nations .
" I should note that I do not read Nabil Al - ' Awadhi 's column , but that someone who read it told me that he had translated it and intends to distribute it to the European embassies in Kuwait ... so that , if [ Al - ' Awadhi ] ever applies for a visa to receive medical treatment in one of their countries , they can confront him with what he wrote . "
Endnotes :
[ 1 ] Al - Watan ( Kuwait ) , August 17 , 2008 , http://www.alwatan.com.kw/Writer%20Article%20Viewer/tabid/164/Default.aspx?article_id=439614&AuthorID=1087.
[ 2 ] Al - Qabas ( Kuwait ) , August 6 , 2006 ; Kuwaiti Ministry of Endowments website , http://islam.gov.kw/site/news/details.php?data_id=3865.
[ 3 ] Al - Qabas ( Kuwait ) , August 25 , 2008 , http://www.alqabas.com.kw/Article.aspx?id=424482&date=14092008.
Für deine Website benötigst du eine Domain .
Es ist deine Adresse im Internet , mit der sich deine Website weltweit aufrufen lässt .
Wir helfen dir , für dein Vorhaben die optimale Domain zu finden .
Weitere Info
The way to neutralise your genes ?
Vigorous physical activity could blunt the effects of a common gene linked to obesity , claim US researchers .
Carrying two copies of the FTO gene significantly increases the chances of becoming obese .
However , a study carried out among the US Amish community found an active lifestyle appeared to remove this risk .
A UK specialist said the results , reported in the Archives of Internal Medicine journal , would be interesting if repeated by larger studies .
Some of the genes shown to cause obesity in our modern environment may not have had this effect a few centuries ago when most people 's lives were similar to that of present - day Amish farmers
Dr Soren Snitker
University of Maryland
Calculate your BMI
The complex relationships between our genes and lifestyles , which can mean obesity for some people and not for others , has yet to be fully understood .
Several genetic variants have been linked to obesity , but none is wholly responsible for it .
The most common of these is FTO , with half of all people in Europe carrying either one or two copies of it .
It is not clear how it influences weight gain , although some scientists have suggested it may play a role in an individual 's appetite .
The study from the University of Maryland supports other research which suggests that a person 's level of exercise may help determine whether their genetic makeup will contribute to obesity .
Movement log
The researchers looked at 704 Amish men and women , chosen because of that community 's relative genetic " purity " , with members generally able to trace their ancestry back for 14 generations to early settlers from Europe .
Volunteers were fitted with " accelerometers " , measuring their precise movements over a period of time .
They found that while the expected link between the number of copies of FTO carried and increased body mass index could be seen in less active volunteers , that link was broken once in those who recorded high levels of activity - equivalent to three to four hours of moderately intensive activity .
Dr Soren Snitker , who led the research , said : " Our results strongly suggest that the increased risk of obesity due to genetic susceptibility can be blunted through physical activity .
" Some of the genes shown to cause obesity in our modern environment may not have had this effect a few centuries ago when most people 's lives were similar to that of present - day Amish farmers . "
Professor Andrew Hattersley , from Peninsula Medical School in Devon , who also carries out research into the FTO gene , said that this was the second study which suggested that exercise levels could have a bearing on the way this gene had an effect on obesity .
" Because the gene effects are very small , it would be good to see this repeated in larger studies .
" The weight of evidence for physical activity potentially overcoming genetic susceptibility is increasing . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Pragmatic Theory
This blog contains random thoughts about team PragmaticTheory 's participation in the netflix prize .
Warren Buffett ’s Berkshire Hathaway , which has avoided major acquisitions in the financial sector in recent months , may have had a $ 3.5 billion two - day paper profit on six major banking and financial services investments .
The two - day rally in financial shares , which drove the broad S&P Financials Index 24 per cent , came as the government announced sweeping measures to rescue the financial system and restore confidence in shaky markets .
Shares of Wells Fargo & Company , the fifth - largest US bank and Berkshire ’s second - largest investment as of June 30 , rose 19 pc over the last two days and touched a record high .
That would have given Berkshire a $ 1.85 bn paper profit on its reported 290.7 million share stake .
Berkshire would also have had a $ 1.12 bn profit on its reported 151.6 m share stake in American Express Company , the credit card and travel services company .
Stakes in Bank of America , M&T Bank , SunTrust Banks and US Bancorp also gained value .
Buffett has long favoured investments in undervalued businesses with strong earnings and management .
That has helped him transform Berkshire since 1965 from a failing textile maker into a conglomerate with at least 76 companies .
“ He ’s always felt Wells was very well - managed , ” said Frank Betz , who oversees more than $ 800 m at Carret / Zane Capital Management in Warren , New Jersey .
“ Why does he like banks ?
Like Willie Sutton said , it ’s where the money is . ”
Read
Banks and financial services companies accounted for about one - third of Berkshire ’s $ 57.9bn of US - listed equity holdings as of June 30 .
Berkshire generally discloses these holdings only in the middle of each calendar quarter .
At Berkshire ’s annual shareholder meeting on May 3 , Buffett said that in banking , “ you need someone at the top whose DNA is very very much programmed against risk . ”
Buffett did n’t agree this week to help bail out the insurer American International Group , which agreed to an $ 85 bn government rescue after being felled by exposure to complex debt known as credit default swaps .
Buffett has called derivatives “ financial weapons of mass destruction . ”
Berkshire generates about half its business from insurance , but is diversifying through acquisitions in other sectors .
On Thursday , it announced a tentative agreement for its MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company affiliate to buy Constellation Energy Group for $ 4.7bn in cash , after worries about trading bets caused the power supplier ’s shares to fall by more than half this week .
Earlier this year , it paid Chicago ’s Pritzker family $ 4.5 bn for 60 pc of Marmon Holdings , which makes such things as railroad tank cars , pipes , fasteners and wiring .
( Return to CO.Quaker.org Home Page )
Just and Unjust War by Howard Zinn
Reprinted ( with permission of the author ) from the book
Declarations of Independence ,
(... also found in The Zinn Reader , and Howard Zinn on War )
I enlisted in the Army Air Corps in World War II and was an eager bombardier , determined to do everything I could to help defeat fascism .
Yet , at the end of the war , when I collected my little mementos -- my photos , logs of some of my missions -- I wrote on the folder , without really thinking , and surprising myself : " Never Again . "
In the years after the war , I began to plumb the reasons for that spontaneous reaction , and came to the conclusions which I describe in the following essay , published as a chapter in my book Declarations of Independence ( HarperCollins , 1990 ) .
Years before ( in Postwar America , Bobbs Merrill , 1973 ) , I had written an essay called " The Best of Wars , " in which I questioned - - I was unaware of anyone else asking the same question -- the total acceptance of World War II .
After my own experience in that war , I had moved away from my own rather orthodox view that there are just wars and unjust wars , to a universal rejection of war as a solution to any human problem .
Of all the positions I have taken over the years on questions of history and politics , this has undoubtedly aroused the most controversy .
It is obviously a difficult viewpoint to present persuasively .
I try to do that here , and leave it to the reader to judge whether I have succeeded .
There are some people who do not question war .
In 1972 , the general who was head of the U.S. Strategic Air Command told an interviewer , " I 've been asked often about my moral scruples if I had to send the planes out with hydrogen bombs .
My answer is always the same .
I would be concerned only with my professional responsibility . "
It was a Machiavellian reply .
Machiavelli did not ask if making war was right or wrong .
He just wrote about the best way to wage it so as to conquer the enemy .
One of his books is called The Art of War .
That title might make artists uneasy .
Indeed , artists -- poets , novelists , and playwrights as well as musicians , painters , and actors -- have shown a special aversion to war .
Perhaps because , as the playwright Arthur Miller once said , " When the guns boom , the arts die . "
But that would make their interest too self - centered ; they have always been sensitive to the fate of the larger society round them .
They have questioned war , whether in the fifth century before Christ , with the plays of Euripedes , or in modern times , with the paintings of Goya and Picasso .
Machiavelli was being realistic .
Wars were going to be fought .
The only question was how to win them .
Some people have believed that war is not just inevitable but desirable .
It is adventure and excitement , it brings out the best qualities in men-- courage , comradeship , and sacrifice .
It gives respect and glory to a country .
In 1897 , Theodore Roosevelt wrote to a friend , " In strict confidence ... I should welcome almost any war , for I think this country needs one . "
In our time , fascist regimes have glorified war as heroic and ennobling .
Bombing Ethiopia in 1935 , Mussolini 's son - in - law Count Ciano described the explosions as an aesthetic thrill , as having the beauty of a flower unfolding .
In the 1980s , two writers of a book on war see it as an effective instrument of national policy and say that even nuclear war can , under certain circumstances , be justified .
They are contemptuous of " the pacifist passions : self - indulgence and fear , " and of " American statesmen , who believe victory is an archaic concept . "
They say , " The bottom line in war and hence in political warfare is who gets buried and who gets to walk in the sun . "
Most people are not that enamored of war .
They see it as bad , but also as a possible means to something good .
And so they distinguish between wars that are just and those that are unjust .
The religions of the West and Middle East -- Judaism , Christianity , and Islam - - approve of violence and war under certain circumstances .
The Catholic church has a specific doctrine of " just " and " unjust " war , worked out in some detail .
Political philosophers today argue about which wars , or which actions in wars , may be considered just or unjust .
Beyond both viewpoints -- the glorification of war and the weighing of good and bad wars -- there is a third : that war is too evil to ever be just .
The monk Erasmus , writing in the early sixteenth century , was repelled by war of any kind .
One of his pupils was killed in battle and he reacted with anguish :
Tell me , what had you to do with Mars , the stupidest of all the poet 's gods , you who were consecrated to the Muses , nay to Christ ?
Your youth , your beauty , your gentle nature , your honest mind -- what had they to do with the flourishing of trumpets , the bombards , the swords ?
Erasmus described war : " There is nothing more wicked , more disastrous , more widely destructive , more deeply tenacious , more loathsome . "
He said this was repugnant to nature : " Whoever heard of a hundred thousand animals rushing together to butcher each other , as men do everywhere ? "
Erasmus saw war as useful to governments , for it enabled them to enhance their power over their subjects : " ... once war has been declared , then all the affairs of the State are at the mercy of the appetites of a few . "
This absolute aversion to war of any kind is outside the orthodoxy of modern thinking .
In a series of lectures at Oxford University in the 1970s , English scholar Michael Howard talked disparagingly about Erasmus .
He called him simplistic , unsophisticated , and someone who did not see beyond the " surface manifestations " of war .
He said , With all [ Erasmus 's ] genius he was not a profound political analyst , nor did he ever have to exercise the responsibilities of power .
Rather he was the first in that long line of humanitarian thinkers for whom it was enough to chronicle the horrors of war in order to condemn it .
Howard had praise for Thomas More : " Very different was the approach of Erasmus 's friend , Thomas More ; a man who had exercised political responsibility and , perhaps in consequence , saw the problem in all its complexity . "
More was a realist ;
Howard says ,
He accepted , as thinkers for the next two hundred years were to accept that European society was organized in a system of states in which war was an inescapable process for the settlement of differences in the absence of any higher common jurisdiction .
That being the case , it was a requirement of humanity , of religion and of common sense alike that those wars should be fought in such a manner as to cause as little damage as possible ..
For better or worse war was an institution which could not be eliminated from the international system .
All that could be done about it was , so far as possible , to codify its rationale and to civilize its means .
Thus , Machiavelli said :
Do n't question the ends of the prince , just tell him how best to do what he wants to do , make the means more efficient .
Thomas
More said :
You can't do anything about the ends , but try to make the means more moral .
In the 400 years following the era of Machiavelli and More , making war more humane became the preoccupation of certain liberal " realists . "
Hugo Grotius , writing a century after More , proposed laws to govern the waging of war ( Concerning the Law of War and Peace ) .
The beginning of the twentieth century saw international conferences at The Hague in the Netherlands and at Geneva in Switzerland which drew up agreements on how to wage war .
These realistic approaches however , had little effect on the reality of war .
Rather than becoming more controlled , war became more uncontrolled and more deadly , using more horrible means and killing more noncombatants than ever before in the history of mankind .
We note the use of poison gas in World War I , the bombardment of cities in World War II , the atomic destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki near the end of that war , the use of napalm in Vietnam , and the chemical warfare in the Iran - Iraq war of the early 1980s .
Albert Einstein , observing the effects of attempts to " humanize " wars , became more and more anguished .
In 1932 , he attended a conference of sixty nations in Geneva and listened to the lengthy discussions of which weapons were acceptable and which were not , which forms of killing were legitimate and which were not .
Einstein was a shy , private person , but he did something extraordinary for him : he called a press conference in Geneva .
The international press turned out in force to hear Einstein , already world famous for his theories of relativity .
Einstein told the assembled reporters , " One does not make wars less likely by formulating rules of warfare .... War can not be humanized .
It can only be abolished . "
But the Geneva conference went on , working out rules for " humane " warfare , rules that were repeatedly ignored in the world war soon to come , a war of endless atrocities .
In early 1990 , President George Bush , while approving new weapons systems for nuclear warheads ( of which the United States had about 30,000 ) and refusing to join the Soviet Union in stopping nuclear testing , was willing to agree to destroy chemical weapons , but only over a ten - year period .
Such are the absurdities of " humanizing " war .
Liberal States and Just Wars : Athens
The argument that there are just wars often rests on the social system of the nation engaging in war .
It is supposed that if a " liberal " state is at war with a " totalitarian " state , then the war is justified .
The beneficent nature of a government is assumed to give rightness to the wars it wages .
Ancient Athens has been one of the most admired of all societies , praised for its democratic institutions and its magnificent cultural achievements .
It had enlightened statesmen ( Solon and Pericles ) , pioneer historians ( Herodotus and Thucydides ) , great philosophers ( Plato and Aristotle ) , and an extraordinary quartet of playwrights ( Aeschylus , Sophocles , Euripides , and Aristphanes ) .
When it went to war in 431 BC against its rival power , the city - state of Sparta , the war seemed to be between a democratic society and a military dictatorship .
The great qualities of Athens were described early in that war by the Athenian leader Pericles at a public celebration for the warriors , dead or alive .
The bones of the dead were placed in chests ; there was an empty litter for the missing .
There was a procession , a burial , and then Pericles spoke .
Thucydides recorded Pericles ' speech in his History of the Peloponnesian War : Before I praise the dead , I should like to point out by what principles of action we rose to power , and under what institutions and through what manner of life our empire became great .
Our form of government does not enter into rivalry with the institutions of others ....
It is true that we are called a democracy , for the administration is in the hands of the many and not of the few ....
The law secures equal justice to all alike ....
Neither is poverty a bar ....
There is no exclusiveness in our public life ....
At home the style of our life is refined ....
Because of the greatness of our city the fruits of the whole earth flow in upon us ....
And although our opponents are fighting for their homes and we on foreign soil , we seldom have any difficulty in overcoming them ....
I have dwelt upon the greatness of Athens because I want to show you that we are contending for a higher prize than those who enjoy none of these privileges .
Similarly , American presidents in time of war have pointed to the qualities of the American system as evidence for the justness of the cause .
Woodrow Wilson and Franklin Roosevelt were liberals , which gave credence to their words exalting the two world wars , just as the liberalism of Truman made going into Korea more acceptable and the idealism of Kennedy 's New Frontier and Johnson 's Great Society gave an early glow of righteousness to the war in Vietnam .
But we should take a closer look at the claim that liberalism at home carries over into military actions abroad .
The tendency , especially in time of war , is to exaggerate the difference between oneself and the opponent , to assume the conflict is between total good and total evil .
It was true that Athens had certain features of political democracy .
Each of ten tribes selected 50 representatives , by lot , to make a governing council of 500 .
Trial juries were large , from 100 to 1,000 people , with no judge and no professional lawyers ; the cases were handled by the people involved .
Yet , these democratic institutions only applied to a minority of the population .
A majority of the people -- 125,000 out of 225,000 - - were slaves .
Even among the free people , only males were considered citizens with the right to participate in the political process .
Of the slaves , 50,000 worked in industry ( this is as if , in the United States in 1990 , 50 million people worked in industry as slaves ) and 10,000 worked in the mines .
H.D. Kitto , a leading scholar on Greek civilization and a great admirer of Athens , wrote : " The treatment of the miners was callous in the extreme , the only serious blot on the general humanity of the Athenians ..
Slaves were often worked until they died . "
( To Kitto and others , slavery was only a " blot " on an otherwise wonderful society . )
The jury system in Athens was certainly preferable to summary executions by tyrants .
Nevertheless , it put Socrates to death for speaking his mind to young people .
Athens was more democratic than Sparta , but this did not affect its addiction to warfare , to expansion into other territories , to the ruthless conduct of war against helpless peoples .
In modern times we have seen the ease with which parliamentary democracies and constitutional republics have been among the most ferocious of imperialists .
We recall the British and French empires of the nineteenth century and the United States as a world imperial power in this century .
Throughout the long war with Sparta , Athens ' democratic institutions and artistic achievements continued .
But the death toll was enormous .
Pericles , on the eve of war , refused to make concessions that might have prevented it .
In the second year of war , with the casualties mounting quickly , Pericles urged his fellow citizens not to weaken : " You have a great polis , and a great reputation ; you must be worthy of them .
Half the world is yours -- the sea .
For you the alternative to empire is slavery . "
Pericles ' kind of argument ( " Ours is a great nation .
It is worth dying for . " ) has persisted and been admired down to the present .
Kitto , commenting on that speech by Pericles , again overcome by admiration , wrote , When we reflect that this plague was as awful as the Plague of London , and that the Athenians had the additional horror of being cooped up inside their fortifications by the enemy without , we must admire the greatness of the man who could talk to his fellow citizens like this , and the greatness of the people who could not only listen to such a speech at such a time but actually be substantially persuaded by it .
They were enough persuaded by it so that the war with Sparta lasted twenty - seven years .
Athens lost through plague and war ( according to Kitto's own estimate ) perhaps one - fourth of its population .
However liberal it was for its free male citizens at home , Athens became more and more cruel to its victims in war , not just to its enemy Sparta , but to every one caught in the crossfire of the two antagonists .
As the war went on , Kitto himself says , " a certain irresponsibility grew . "
Could the treatment of the inhabitants of the island of Melos be best described as " a certain irresponsibility " ?
Athens demanded that the Melians submit to its rule .
The Melians , however , argued ( as reported by Thucydides ) , " It may be to your interest to be our masters , but how can it be ours to be your slaves ? "
The Melians would not submit .
They fought and were defeated .
Thucydides wrote , " The Athenians thereupon put to death all who were of military age , and made slaves of the women and children . "
( It was shortly after this event that Euripides wrote his great antiwar play , The Trojan Women ) .
What the experience of Athens suggests is that a nation may be relatively liberal at home and yet totally ruthless abroad .
Indeed , it may more easily enlist its population in cruelty to others by pointing to the advantages at home .
An entire nation is made into mercenaries , being paid with a bit of democracy at home for participating in the destruction of life abroad .
Liberalism at War Liberalism at home , however , seems to become corrupted by war waged abroad .
French philosopher Jean Jacques Rousseau noted that conquering nations " make war at least as much on their subjects as on their enemies . "
Tom Paine , in America , saw war as the creature of governments , serving their own interests , not the interests of justice for their citizens .
" Man is not the enemy of man but through the medium of a false system of government . "
In our time , George Orwell has written that wars are mainly internal .
One certain effect of war is to diminish freedom of expression .
Patriotism becomes the order of the day , and those who question the war are seen as traitors , to be silenced and imprisoned .
Mark Twain , observing the United States at the turn of the century , its wars in Cuba and the Philippines , described in The Mysterious Stranger the process by which wars that are at first seen as unnecessary by the mass of the people become converted into " just " wars :
The loud little handful will shout for war .
The pulpit will warily and cautiously protest at first ....
The great mass of the nation will rub its sleepy eyes , and will try to make out why there should be a war , and they will say earnestly and indignantly : " It is unjust and dishonorable and there is no need for war . "
Then the few will shout even louder ....
Before long you will see a curious thing : anti-war speakers will be stoned from the platform , and free speech will be strangled by hordes of furious men who still agree with the speakers but dare not admit it ....
Next , the statesmen will invent cheap lies ... and each man will be glad of these lies and will study them because they soothe his conscience ; and thus he will bye and bye convince himself that the war is just and he will thank God for a better sleep he enjoys by his self - deception .
Mark Twain died in 1910 .
In 1917 , the United States entered the slaughterhouse of the European war , and the process of silencing dissent and converting a butchery into a just war took place as he had predicted .
President Woodrow Wilson tried to rouse the nation , using the language of a crusade .
It was a war , he said , " to end all wars . " but large numbers of Americans were reluctant to join .
A million men were needed , yet in the first six weeks after the declaration of war only 73,000 volunteered .
It seemed that men would have to be compelled to fight by fear of prison , so Congress enacted a draft law .
The Socialist Party at the time was a formidable influence in the country .
It had perhaps 100,000 members , and more than a thousand Socialists had been elected to office in 340 towns and cities .
Probably a million Americans read Socialist newspapers .
There were fifty - five weekly Socialist newspapers in Oklahoma , Texas , Louisiana , and Arkansas alone ; over a hundred Socialists were elected to office in Oklahoma .
The Socialist party candidate for president , Eugene Debs , got 900,000 votes in 1912 ( Wilson won with 6 million ) .
A year before the United States entered the European war , Helen Keller , blind and deaf and a committed Socialist , told an audience at Carnegie Hall : Strike against war , for without you no battles can be fought !
Strike against manufacturing shrapnel and gas bombs and all other tools of murder !
Strike against preparedness that means death and misery to millions of human beings !
Be not dumb , obedient slaves in an army of destruction !
Be heroes in an army of construction !
The day after Congress declared war , the Socialist party met in an emergency convention and called the declaration " a crime against the American people . "
Antiwar meetings took place all over the country .
In the local elections of 1917 , Socialists made great gains .
Ten Socialists were elected to the New York State legislature .
In Chicago the Socialist party had won 3.6 percent of the vote in 1915 and it got 34.7 percent in 1917 .
But with the advent of war , speaking against it became a crime ; Debs and hundreds of other Socialists were imprisoned .
When that war ended , 10 million men of various countries had died on the battlefields of Europe , and millions more had been blinded , maimed , gassed , shell - shocked , and driven mad .
It was hard to find in that war any gain for the human race to justify that suffering , that death .
Indeed , when the war was studied years later , it was clear that no rational decision based on any moral principle had led the nations into war .
Rather , there were imperial rivalries , greed for more territory , a lusting for national prestige , and the stupidity of revenge .
And at the last moment , there was a reckless plunge by governments caught up in a series of threats and counterthreats , mobilizations and counter - mobilizations , ultimatums and counter - ultimatums , creating a momentum that mediocre leaders had neither the courage nor the will to stop .
As described by Barbara Tuchman in her book The Guns of August : War pressed against every frontier .
Suddenly dismayed , governments struggled and twisted to fend it off .
It was no use .
Agents at frontiers were reporting every cavalry patrol as a deployment to beat the mobilization gun .
General staffs , goaded by their relentless timetables , were pounding the table for the signal to move lest their opponents gain an hour 's head start .
Appalled upon the brink , the chiefs of state who would be ultimately responsible for their country 's fare attempted to back away , but the pull of military schedules dragged them forward .
Bitterness and disillusion followed the end of the war , and this was reflected in the literature of those years : Ernest Hemingway 's A Farewell to Arms , John Dos Passo's U.S.A. , and Ford Madox Ford 's No More Parades .
In Europe , German war veteran Erich Maria Remarque wrote the bitter antiwar novel All Quiet on the Western Front .
In 1935 French playwright Jean Giradoux wrote La guerre de Troi n'aura pas lieu ( The Trojan War Will Not Take Place ; the English translation was retitled Tiger at the Gates ) .
The war of the Greeks against Troy , more than a thousand years before Christ , was provoked , according to legend , by the kidnapping of the beautiful Helen by the Trojans .
Giraudoux at one point uses Hecuba , an old woman , and Demokos , a Trojan soldier , to show how the ugliness of war is masked by attractive causes , as in this case , the recapture of Helen .
Demokos :
Tell us before you go , Hecuba , what it is you think war looks like .
Hecuba : Like the bottom of a baboon .
When the baboon is up in a tree , with its hind end facing us , there is the face of war exactly ; scarlet , scaly glazed , framed in a clotted filthy wig .
Demokos :
So war has two faces : this you describe , and Helen's .
An Eager Bombardier
My own first impressions of something called war had come at the age of ten , when I read with excitement a series of books about " the boy allies " -- A French boy , an English boy , an American boy , and a Russian boy , who became friends , united in the wonderful cause to defeat Germany in World War I .
It was an adventure , a romance , told in a group of stories about comradeship and heroism .
It was war cleansed of death and suffering .
If anything was left of that romantic view of war , it was totally extinguished when , at eighteen , I read a book by a Hollywood screenwriter named Dalton Trumbo ( jailed in the 1950s for refusing to talk to the House Committee on Un - American Activities about his political affiliations ) .
The book was called Johnny Got His Gun .
It is perhaps , the most powerful antiwar novel ever written .
Here was war in its ultimate horror .
A slab of flesh in an American uniform had been found on the battlefield , still alive , with no legs , no arms , no face , blind , deaf , unable to speak , but the heart still beating , the brain still functioning , able to think about his past , ponder his present condition , and wonder if he will ever be able to communicate with the world outside .
For him , the oratory of the politicians who sent him off to war -- the language of freedom , democracy , and justice -- is now seen as the ultimate hypocrisy .
A mute , thinking torso on a hospital bed , he finds a way to communicate with a kindly nurse , and when a visiting delegation of military brass comes by to pin a medal on his body , he taps out a message .
He says :
Take me into the workplaces , into the schools , show me to the little children and to the college students , let them see what war is like .
Take me wherever there are parliaments and diets and congresses and chambers of statesmen .
I want to be there when they talk about honor and justice and making the world safe for democracy and fourteen points and the self determination of peoples ....
Put my glass case upon the speaker 's desk and every time the gavel descends let me feel its vibration ....
Then let them speak of trade policies and embargoes and new colonies and old grudges .
Let them debate the menace of the yellow race and the white man 's burden and the course of empire and why should we take all this crap off Germany or whoever the next Germany is ....
Let them talk more munitions and airplanes and battleships and tanks and gases and why of course we 've got to have them we can't get along without them how in the world could we protect the peace if we did n't have them ....
But before they vote on them before they give the order for all the little guys to start killing each other let the main guy rap his gavel on my case and point down at me and say here gentlemen is the only issue before this house and that is are you for this thing here or are you against it .
Johnny Got His Gun had a shattering effect on me when I read it .
It left me with a bone - deep hatred of war .
Around the same time I read a book by Walter Millis , The Road to War , which was an account of how the United States had been led into World War I by a series of lies and deceptions .
Afterward I would learn more about those lies .
For instance , the sinking of the ship Lusitania by German submarines was presented as a brutal , unprovoked act against a harmless passenger vessel .
It was later revealed that the Lusitania was loaded with munitions , intended for use against Germany ; the ship 's manifest had been falsified to hide that .
This did n't lessen the ugliness of the sinking , but did show something about the ways in which nations are lured into war .
Class consciousness accounted for some of my feeling about war .
I agreed with the judgment of the Roman biographer Plutarch , who said , " The poor go to war , to fight and die for the delights , riches , and superfluities of others . "
And yet , in early 1943 , at the age of twenty - one , I enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Force .
American troops were already in North Africa , Italy , and England ; there was fierce fighting on the Russian front and the United States and Britain were preparing for the invasion of Western Europe .
Bombing raids were taking place daily on the continent , U.S. planes bombing during the day , British planes bombing at night .
I was so anxious to get overseas and start dropping bombs that after my training ~n gunnery school and bombing school I traded places with another man who was scheduled to go overseas sooner than me .
I had learned to hate war .
But this war was different .
It was not for profit or empire , it was a people 's war , a war against the unspeakable brutality of fascism .
I had been reading about Italian fascism in a book about Mussolini by journalist George Seldes called Sawdust Caesar .
I was inspired by his account of the Socialist Matteotti , who stood up in the Italian Chamber of Deputies to denounce the establishment of a dictatorship .
The black - shirted thugs of Mussolini 's party picked up Matteotti outside his home one morning and shot him to death .
That was fascism .
Mussolini's Italy , deciding to restore the glory of the old Roman Empire , invaded the East African country of Ethiopia , a pitifully poor country .
Its people , armed with spears and muskets , tried to fight off an Italian army equipped with the most modern weapons and with an air force that , unopposed , dropped bombs on the civilian populations of Ethiopian towns and villages .
The Ethiopians who resisted were slaughtered , and finally surrendered .
American black poet Langston Hughes wrote ,
The little fox is still --
The dogs of war have made their kill .
I was thirteen when this happened and was only vaguely aware of headlines : " Italian Planes Bomb Addis Ababa . "
But later I read about it and also about German Nazism .
John Gunther 's Inside Europe introduced me to the rise of Hitler , the SA , the SS , the attacks on the Jews , the shrill oratory of the little man with the mustache , and the monster rallies of Germans in sports stadia who shouted in unison : " Heil Hitler ! Heil Hitler ! "
Opponents were beaten and murdered .
I learned the phrase concentration camp .
I came across a book called The Brown Book of the Nazi Terror .
It told in detail about the burning of the German Reichstag shortly after Hitler came to power and the arrest of Communists accused of setting the fire , clearly a frame - up .
It told also of the extraordinary courage of the defendants , led by the remarkable Bulgarian Communist George Dimitrov , who rose in the courtroom to point an accusing finger at Hermann Goering , Hitler 's lieutenant .
Dimitrov tore the prosecution 's case to shreds and denounced the Nazi regime .
The defendants were acquitted by the court .
It was an amazing moment , which would never be repeated under Hitler .
In 1936 Hitler and Mussolini sent their troops and planes to support the Spanish Fascist Franco , who had plunged his country into civil war to overthrow the mildly socialist Spanish government .
The Spanish Civil
War became the symbol all over the world of resistance to fascism , and young men--many of them socialists , Communists and anarchists -- volunteered from a dozen countries , forming brigades ( from the United States , the Abraham Lincoln Brigade ) , going immediately into battle against the better - equipped army of Franco .
They fought heroically and died in great numbers .
The Fascists won .
Then came the Hitler onslaught in Europe -- Austria , Czechoslovakia , and Poland .
France and England entered the war , and , a year after the quick defeat of France , three million German soldiers supported by tanks , artillery , and dive bombers turned eastward to attack the Soviet Union ( " Operation Barbarossa " ) along a thousand - mile front .
Fascism had to be resisted and defeated .
I had no doubts .
This was a just war .
I was stationed at an airfield out in the countryside of East Anglia ( between the towns of Diss and Eye ) , that part of England that bulges eastward toward the Continent .
East Anglia was crowded with military airfields , from which hundreds of bombers went out every day across the Channel .
Our little airfield housed the 490th Bomb Group .
Its job was to make sure that every morning twelve B17s - - splendid - looking , low - winged , four - engined heavy bombers -- each with a crew of nine , wearing sheepskin jackets and fur - lined boots over electrically heated suits and equipped with oxygen masks and throat mikes -- were ready to fly .
We would take off around dawn and assemble with other groups of twelve , and then these huge flotillas would make their way east .
Our bomb bay was full ; our fifty - caliber machine guns ( four in the nose , one in the upper turret , one in the ball turret , two in the waist , and one in the tail ) were loaded and ready for attacking fighter planes .
I remember one morning standing out on that airfield , arguing with another bombardier over who was scheduled to fly that morning 's mission .
The target was Regensburg , and Intelligence reported that it was heavily defended by antiaircraft guns , but the two of us argued heatedly over who was going to fly that mission .
I wonder today , was his motive like mine -- wanting to fly another mission to bring closer the defeat of fascism .
Or was it because we had all been awakened at one AM in the cold dark of England in March , loaded onto trucks , taken to hours of briefings and breakfast , weighed down with equipment , and after going through all that , he did not want to be deprived of another step toward his air medal , another mission .
Even though he might be killed .
Maybe that was partly my motive too , I can't be sure .
But for me , it was also a war of high principle , and each bombing mission was a mission of high principle .
The moral issue could hardly be clearer .
The enemy could not be more obviously evil -- openly espousing the superiority of the white Aryan , fanatically violent and murderous toward other nations , herding its own people into concentration camps , executing them if they dared dissent .
The Nazis were pathological killers .
They had to be stopped , and there seemed no other way but by force .
If there was such a thing as a just war , this was it .
Even Dalton Trumbo , who had written Johnny Got His Gun , did not want his book to be reprinted , did not want that overpowering antiwar message to reach the American public , when a war had to be fought against fascism .
If , therefore , anyone wants to argue ( as I am about to do ) that there is no such thing as a just war , then World War II is the supreme test .
I flew the last bombing missions of the war , got my Air Medal and my battle stars .
I was quietly proud of my participation in the great war to defeat fascism .
But when I packed up my things at the end of the war and put my old navigation logs and snapshots and other mementos in a folder , I marked that folder , almost without thinking , " Never Again . "
I 'm still not sure why I did that , because it was not until years later that I began consciously to question the motives , the conduct , and the consequences of that crusade against fascism .
The point was not that my abhorrence of fascism was in any way diminished .
I still believed something had to be done to stop fascism .
But that clear certainty of moral rightness that propelled me into the Air Force as an enthusiastic bombardier was now clouded over by many thoughts .
Perhaps my conversations with that gunner on the other crew , the one who loaned me The Yogi and the Commisar , gave me the first flickers of doubt .
He spoke of the war as " an imperialist war , " fought on both sides for national power .
Britain and the United States opposed fascism only because it threatened their own control over resources and people .
Yes , Hitler was a maniacal dictator and invader of other countries .
But what of the British Empire and its long history of wars against native peoples to subdue them for the profit and glory of the empire ?
And the Soviet Union - - was it not also a brutal dictatorship , concerned not with the working classes of the world but with its own national power ?
I was puzzled .
" Why , " I asked my friend , " are you flying missions , risking your life , in a war you do n't believe in ? "
His answer astonished me .
" I 'm here to speak to people like you . "
I found out later he was a member of the Socialist Workers party ; they opposed the war but believed that instead of evading military service they should enter it and propagandize against the war every moment they could .
I could n't understand this , but I was impressed by it .
Two weeks after that conversation with him , he was killed on a mission over Germany .
After the war , my doubts grew .
I was reading history .
Had the United States fought in World War II for the rights of nations to independence and self - determination ?
What of its own history of expansion through war and conquest ?
It had waged a hundred - year war against the native Americans , driving them off their ancestral lands .
The United States had instigated a war with Mexico and taken almost half its land , had sent marines at least twenty times into the countries of the Caribbean for power and profit , had seized Hawaii , had fought a brutal war to subjugate the Filipinos , and had sent 5,000 marines into Nicaragua in 1926 .
Our nation could hardly claim it believed in the right of self - determination unless it believed in it selectively .
Indeed , the United States had observed Fascist expansion without any strong reactions .
When Italy invaded Ethiopia , the United States , while declaring an embargo on munitions , allowed American businesses to send oil to Italy , which was crucial for carrying on the war against Ethiopia .
An official of the U.S. State Department , James E. Miller , reviewing a book on the relations between the United States and Mussolini , acknowledged that " American aid certainly reinforced the hold of fascism . "
During the Spanish Civil War , while the Fascist side was receiving arms from Hitler and Mussolini , Roosevelt 's administration sponsored a Neutrality Act that shut off help to the Spanish government fighting Franco .
Neither the invasion of Austria nor Czechoslovakia nor Poland brought the United States into armed collision with fascism .
We went to war only when our possession Hawaii was attacked and when our navy was disabled by Japanese bombs .
There was no reason to think that it was Japan 's bombing of civilians at Pearl Harbor that caused us to declare war .
Japan 's attack on China in 1937 , her massacre of civilians at Nanking , and her bombardments of helpless Chinese cities had not provoked the United States to war .
The sudden indignation against Japan contained a good deal of hypocrisy .
The United States , along with Japan and the great European powers , had participated in the exploitation of China .
Our Open Door Policy of 1901 accepted that ganging up of the great powers on China .
The United States had exchanged notes with Japan in 1917 saying , " the Government of the United States recognizes that Japan has special interests in China , " and in 1928 , American consuls in China supported the coming of Japanese troops .
It was only when Japan threatened potential U.S. markets by its attempted takeover of China , but especially as it moved toward the tin , rubber , and oil of Southeast Asia , that the United States became alarmed and took those measures that led to the Japanese attack : a total embargo on scrap iron and a total embargo on oil in the summer of 1941 .
A State Department memorandum on Japanese expansion , a year before Pearl Harbor , did not talk of the independence of China or the principle of self - determination .
It said , Our general diplomatic and strategic position would be considerably weakened -- by our loss of Chinese , Indian and South Seas markets ( and by our loss of much of the Japanese market for our goods , as Japan would become more and more self - sufficient ) as well as by insurmountable restrictions upon our access to the rubber , tin jute , and other vital materials of the Asian and Oceanic regions .
A War to Save the Jews Did the United States enter the war because of its indignation at Hitler 's treatment of the Jews ?
Hitler had been in power a year , and his campaign against the Jews had already begun when , in January 1934 , a resolution was introduced into the Senate expressing " surprise and pain " at what the Germans were doing and asking for a restoration of Jewish rights .
The State Department used its influence to get the resolution buried in committee .
Even after we were in the war against Germany ( it should be noted that after Pearl Harbor Germany declared war on the United States , not vice versa ) and reports began to arrive that Hitler was planning the annihilation of the Jews , Roosevelt 's administration failed to take steps that might have saved thousands of lives .
Goebbels , minister of propaganda for Hitler 's Germany , wrote in his diary on December 13 , 1942 : " At bottom , however , I believe both the English and the Americans are happy we are exterminating the Jewish riffraff . "
Goebbels was undoubtedly engaging in wishful thinking , but in fact , the English and American governments had not shown by their actions that they were terribly concerned about the Jews .
As for Roosevelt , he shunted the problem to the State Department , where it did not become a matter of high priority .
As an example of this failure to treat the situation as an emergency , Raul Hilberg , a leading scholar of the Holocaust , points to an event that took place in 1942 .
Early in August of that year , with 1,500,000 Jews already dead , the Jewish leader Stephen Wise was informed indirectly through a German industrialist that there was a plan in Hitler 's headquarters for the extermination of all Jews ;
Wise brought the information to Under Secretary of State Sumner Welles .
Welles asked him not to release the story until it was investigated for confirmation .
Three months were spent checking the report .
During that time a million Jews were killed in Europe .
It is doubtful that all those Jews could have been saved .
But thousands could have been rescued .
All the entrenched governments and organizations were negligent .
The British were slow and cautious .
In March 1943 , in the presence of Franklin D. Roosevelt , Secretary of State Hull pressed British Foreign Minister Anthony Eden on plans to rescue the 60,000 Jews in Bulgaria threatened with death .
According to a memo by Roosevelt aide Harry Hopkins who was at that meeting , Eden worried that Polish and German Jews might then also ask to be rescued .
" Hitler might well take us up on any such offer and there simply are not enough ships and means of transportation in the world to handle them . "
When there was a possibility of bombing the railroad lines leading into the murder chambers of Auschwitz , to stop further transportation of Jews there , the opportunity was ignored .
It should be noted that the Jewish organizations themselves behaved shamefully .
In 1984 , the American Jewish Commission on the Holocaust reviewed the historical record .
It found that the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee , a relief agency set up during World War II by the various Jewish groups , " was dominated by the wealthier and more ' American ' elements of U.S. Jewry ....
Thus , its policy was to do nothing in wartime that the U.S. government would not officially continence . "
Raul Hilberg points out that the Hungarian Jews might have been saved by a bargain : the Allies would not make air raids on Hungary if the Jews would be kept in the cities and not sent away .
But " the Jews could not think in terms of interfering with the war effort , and the Allies on their part could not conceive of such a promise ....
The Allied bombers roared over Hungary at will , killing Hungarians and Jews alike . "
As I read this I recalled that one of the bombing raids I had done was on a town in Hungary .
Not only did waging war against Hitler fail to save the Jews , it may be that the war itself brought on the Final Solution of genocide .
This is not to remove the responsibility from Hitler and the Nazis , but there is much evidence that Germany 's anti-Semitic actions , cruel as they were , would not have turned to mass murder were it not for the psychic distortions of war , acting on already distorted minds .
Hitler 's early aim was forced emigration , not extermination , but the frenzy of it created an atmosphere in which the policy turned to genocide .
This is the view of Princeton historian Arno Mayer , in his book Why Did the Heavens Not Darken , and it is supported by the chronology -- that not until Germany was at war was the Final Solution adopted .
Hilberg , in his classic work on the Holocaust , says , " From 1938 to 1940 , Hitler made extraordinary and unusual attempts to bring about a vast emigration scheme ....
The Jews were not killed before the emigration policy was literally exhausted . "
The Nazis found that the Western powers were not anxious to cooperate in emigration and that no one wanted the Jews .
A War for Self - Determination ?
We should examine another claim , that World War II was fought for the right of nations to determine their own destiny .
This was declared with great fanfare by Winston Churchill and Franklin Roosevelt when they met off the coast of Newfoundland in August 1941 and announced the Atlantic Charter , saying their countries , looking to the postwar world , respected " the right of all peoples to choose the form of government under which they will live . "
This was a direct appeal to the dependent countries of the world , especially the colonies of Britain , France , Holland , and Belgium , that their rights of self - determination would be upheld after the war .
The support of the nonwhite colonial world was seen as crucial to the defeat of fascism .
However , two weeks before the Atlantic Charter , with the longtime French colony of Indochina very much in mind , acting Secretary of State Sumner Welles had given quiet assurances to the French : " This Government , mindful of its traditional friendship for France , has deeply sympathized with the desire of the French people to maintain their territories and to preserve them intact . "
And in late 1942 , Roosevelt 's personal representative told French General Henri Giraud , " It is thoroughly understood that French sovereignty will be reestablished as soon as possible throughout all the territory ; metropolitan or colonial , over which flew the French flag in 1939 . "
( These assurances of the United States are especially interesting in view of the claims of the United States during the Vietnam War , that the United States was fighting for the right of the Vietnamese to rule themselves . )
If neither saving the Jews nor guaranteeing the principle of self - determination was the war aim of the United States ( and there is no evidence that either was the aim of Britain or the Soviet Union ) , then what were the principal motives ?
Overthrowing the governments of Hitler , Mussolini , and Tojo was certainly one of them .
But was this desired on humanitarian grounds or because these regimes threatened the positions of the Allies in the world ?
The rhetoric of morality -- the language of freedom and democracy -- had some substance to it , in that it represented the war aims of many ordinary citizens .
However , it was not the citizenry but the governments who decided how the war was fought and who had the power to shape the world afterward .
Behind the halo of righteousness that surrounded the war against fascism , the usual motives of governments , repeatedly shown in history , were operating : the aggrandizement of the nation , more profit for its wealthy elite , and more power to its political leaders .
One of the most distinguished of British historians , A.J.P. Taylor , commented on World War II that " the British and American governments wanted no change in Europe except that Hitler should disappear . "
At the end of the war , novelist George Orwell , always conscious of class , wrote , " I see the railings [ which enclosed the parks and had been torn up so the metal could be used in war production ] are returning in one London park after another , so the lawful denizens of the squares can make use of their keys again , and the children of the poor can be kept out . "
World War II was an opportunity for United States business to penetrate areas that up to that time had been dominated by England .
Secretary of State Hull said early in the war , Leadership toward a new system of international relationships in trade and other economic affairs will devolve very largely upon the United States because of our great economic strength .
We should assume this leadership , and the responsibility that goes with it , primarily for reasons of pure national self - interest .
Henry Luce , who owned three of the most influential magazines in the United States -- Life , Time , and Fortune - - and had powerful connections in Washington , wrote a famous editorial for Life in 1941 called " The American Century . "
This was the time , he said , " to accept wholeheartedly our duty and our opportunity as the most powerful and vital nation in the world and in consequence to exert upon the world the full impact of our influence , for such purposes as we see fit and by such means as we see fit . "
The British , weakened by war , clearly could not maintain their old empire .
In 1944 England and the United States signed a pact on oil agreeing on " the principle of equal opportunity . "
This meant the United States was muscling in on England 's traditional domination of Middle East oil .
A study of the international oil business by the English writer Anthony Sampson concluded ,
By the end of the war the dominant influence in Saudi Arabia was unquestionably the United States .
King Ibn
Saud was regarded no longer as a wild desert warrior , but as a key piece in the power - game , to be wooed by the West Roosevelt , on his way back from Yalta in February , 1945 , entertained the King on the cruiser Quincy , together with his entourage of fifty , including two sons , a prime minister , an astrologer and flocks of sheep for slaughter .
There was a critic inside the American government , not a politician but poet Archibald MacLeish , who briefly served as assistant secretary of state .
He worried about the postwar world : " As things are now going the peace we will make , the peace we seem to be making , will be a peace of oil , a peace of gold , a peace of shipping , a peace , in brief , without moral purpose or human interest . "
A War Against Racism ?
If the war was truly a war of moral purpose , against the Nazi idea of superior and inferior races , then we might have seen action by the U.S. government to eliminate racial segregation .
Such segregation had been declared lawful by the Supreme Court in 1896 and existed in both South and North , accepted by both state and national governments .
The armed forces were segregated by race .
When I was in basic training at Jefferson Barracks , Missouri , in 1943 , it did not occur to me , so typical an American white was I , that there were no black men in training with us .
But it was a huge base , and one day , taking a long walk to the other end of it , I was suddenly aware that all the GIs around me were black .
There was a squad of blacks taking a ten - minute break from hiking in the sun , lying on a small grassy incline , and singing a hymn that surprised me at the moment , but that I realized later was quite appropriate to their situation : " Ain't Gonna Study War No More . "
My air crew sailed to England on the Queen Mary .
That elegant passenger liner had been converted into a troop ship .
There were 16,000 men aboard , and 4,000 of them were black .
The whites had quarters on deck and just below deck .
The blacks were housed separately , deep in the hold of the ship , around the engine room , in the darkest , dirtiest sections .
Meals were taken in four shifts ( except for the officers , who ate in prewar Queen Mary style in a chandeliered ballroom -- the war was not being fought to disturb class privilege ) , and the blacks had to wait until three shifts of whites had finished eating .
On the home front , racial discrimination in employment continued , and it was not until A. Philip Randolph , head of the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters , a union of black workers , threatened to organize a march on Washington during the war and embarrass the Roosevelt administration before the world that the president signed an order setting up a Fair Employment Practices Commission .
But its orders were not enforced and job discrimination continued .
A spokesman for a West Coast aviation plant said , " The Negro will be considered only as janitors and in other similar capacities ....
Regardless of their training as aircraft workers , we will not employ them . "
There was no organized black opposition to the war , but there were many signs of bitterness at the hypocrisy of a war against fascism that did nothing about American racism .
One black journalist wrote : " The Negro ... is angry , resentful , and utterly apathetic about the war .
' Fight for what ? ' he is asking .
' This war does n't mean a thing to me .
If we win I lose , so what ? ' "
A student at a black college told his teacher : " The Army jim - crows us .
The Navy lets us serve only as messmen .
The Red Cross refuses our blood .
Employers and labor unions shut us out .
Lynchings continue .
We are disenfranchised , jim - crowed , spat upon .
What more could Hitler do than that ? "
That student 's statement was repeated by Walter White , a leader of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) , to an audience of several thousand black people in the Midwest , expecting that they would disapprove .
Instead , as he recalled , " To my surprise and dismay the audience burst into such applause that it took me some thirty or forty seconds to quiet it . "
In January 1943 , there appeared in a Negro newspaper a " Draftee 's Prayer " : Dear Lord , today
I go to war :
To fight , to die .
Tell me , what for ?
Dear Lord , I 'll fight ,
I do not fear ,
Germans or Japs
My fears are here
America !
In one little - known incident of World War II , two transport ships being loaded with ammunition by U.S. sailors at the Port Chicago naval base in California suddenly blew up on the night of July 17 , 1944 .
It was an enormous explosion , and its glare could be seen in San Francisco , thirty - five miles away .
More than 300 sailors were killed , two - thirds of them black , because blacks were given the hard jobs of ammunition loaders .
" It was the worst home front disaster of World War II , " historian Robert Allen writes in his book The Port Chicago Mutiny .
Three weeks later 328 of the survivors were asked to load ammunition again ; 258 of them refused , citing unsafe conditions .
They were immediately jailed .
Fifty of them were then court - martialed on a charge of mutiny , and received sentences ranging from eight to fifteen years imprisonment .
It took a massive campaign by the NAACP and its counsel , Thurgood Marshall , to get the sentences reduced .
To the Japanese who lived on the West Coast of the United States , it quickly became clear that the war against Hitler was not accompanied by a spirit of racial equality .
After the attack by Japan on Pearl Harbor , anger rose against all people of Japanese ancestry .
One Congressman said , " I 'm for catching every Japanese in America , Alaska and Hawaii now and putting them in concentration camps ....
Damn them !
Let 's get rid of them now ! "
Hysteria grew .
Roosevelt , persuaded by racists in the military that the Japanese on the West Coast constituted a threat to the security of the country , signed Executive Order 9066 in February 1942 .
This empowered the army , without warrants or indictments or hearings , to arrest every Japanese - American on the West Coast - - 110,000 men , women and children -- to take them from their homes , to transport them to camps far in the interior , and to keep them there under prison conditions .
Three - fourths of the Japanese so removed from their homes were Nisei -- children born in the United States of Japanese parents and , therefore American citizens .
The other fourth -- the Issei , born in Japan - - were barred by law from becoming citizens .
In 1944 the United States Supreme Court upheld the forced evacuation on the grounds of military necessity .
Data uncovered in the 1980s by legal historian Peter Irons showed that the army falsified material in its brief to the Supreme Court .
When Congress in 1983 was considering financial compensation to the Japanese who had been removed from their homes and lost their possessions during the war , John J. McCloy wrote an article in The New York Times opposing such compensation , defending the action as necessary .
As Peter Irons discovered in his research , it was McCloy , then assistant secretary of war , who had ordered the deletion of a critical footnote in the Justice Department brief to the Supreme Court , a footnote that cast great doubt on the army 's assertions that the Japanese living on the West Coast were a threat to American security .
Michi Weglyn was a young girl when her family experienced evacuation and detention .
She tells in her book Years of Infamy of bungling in the evacuation ; of misery , confusion , and anger ; but also of Japanese - American dignity and of fighting back .
There were strikes , petitions , mass meetings , refusals to sign loyalty oaths , and riots against the camp authorities .
Only a few Americans protested publicly .
The press often helped to feed racism .
Reporting the bloody battle of Iwo Jima in the Pacific , Time magazine said , " The ordinary unreasoning Jap is ignorant .
Perhaps he is human .
Nothing indicates it . "
In the 1970s , Peter Ota , then fifty - seven , was interviewed by Studs Terkel .
His parents had come from Japan in 1904 , and became respected members of the Los Angeles community .
Ota was born in the United States .
He remembered what had happened in the war :
On the evening of December 7 , 1941 , my father was at a wedding .
He was dressed in a tuxedo .
When the reception was over , the FBI agents were waiting .
They rounded up at least a dozen wedding guests and took 'em to county jail .
For a few days we did n't know what happened .
We heard nothing .
When we found out , my mother , my sister and myself went to jail ..
When my father walked through the door my mother was so humiliated ....
She cried .
He was in prisoner 's clothing , with a denim jacket and a number on the back .
The shame and humiliation just broke her down ....
Right after that day she got very ill and contracted tuberculosis .
She had to be sent to a sanitarium ....
She was there till she died ....
My father was transferred to Missoula , Montana .
We got letters from him -- censored , of course ....
It was just my sister and myself I was fifteen , she was twelve ....
School in camp was a joke ....
One of our basic subjects was American history .
They talked about freedom all the time .
( Laughs . )
In England there was similar hysteria .
People with German - sounding names were picked up and interned .
In the panic , a number of Jewish refugees who had German names were arrested and thrown into the same camps .
There were thousands of Italians who were living in England , and when Italy entered World War II in June of 1940 , Winston Churchill gave the order : " Collar the lot . "
Italians were picked up and interned , the windows of Italian shops and restaurants were smashed by patriotic mobs .
A British ship carrying Italian internees to Canada was sunk by a German submarine and everyone drowned .
A War for Democracy ?
It was supposed to be a war for freedom .
But in the United States , when Trotskyists and members of the Socialist Workers Party spoke out in criticism of the war , eighteen of them were prosecuted in 1943 in Minneapolis .
The Smith Act , passed in 1940 , extended the anti-freespeech provisions of the World War I Espionage Act to peacetime .
It prohibited joining any group or publishing any material that advocated revolution or that might lead to refusal of military service .
The Trotskyists were sentenced to prison terms , and the Supreme Court refused to review their case .
Fortunes were made during the war , and wealth was concentrated in fewer and fewer hands .
By 1941 three - fourths of the value of military contracts were handled by fifty - six large corporations .
Pressure was put on the labor unions to pledge they would not strike .
But they saw their wages frozen , and profits of corporations rising , and so strikes went on .
There were 14,000 strikes during the war , involving over 6 million workers , more than in any comparable period in American history .
An insight into what great profits were made during the war came years later , when the mulitmillionaire John McCone was nominated by President John F. Kennedy to head the CIA .
The Senate Armed Services Committee , considering the nomination , was informed that in World War II , McCone and associates in a shipbuilding company had made $ 44 million on an investment of $ 100,000 .
Reacting indignantly to criticism of McCone , one of his supporters on the Senate committee asked him : Sen. Symington : Now , it is still legal in America , if not to make a profit , at least to try to make a profit , is it not ?
McCone :
That is my understanding .
Bruce Catton , a writer and historian working in Washington during the war , commented bitingly on the retention of wealth and power in the same hands , despite a war that seemed to promise a new world of social reform .
He wrote :
We were committed to a defeat of the Axis but to nothing else ....
It was solemnly decided that the war effort must not be used to bring about social or economic reform and to him that hath shall be given ....
And through it all ... the people were not trusted with the facts or relied on to display that intelligence , sanity , and innate decency of spirit , upon which democracy ... finally rests .
In a very real sense , our government spent the war years looking desperately for some safe middle ground between Hitler and Abraham Lincoln .
Dresden and Hiroshima
It becomes difficult to sustain the claim that a war is just when both sides commit atrocities , unless one wants to argue that their atrocities are worse than ours .
True , nothing done by the Allied Powers in World War II matches in utter viciousness the deliberate gassing , shooting , and burning of six million Jews and four million others by the Nazis .
The deaths caused by the Allies were less , but still so massive as to throw doubt on the justice of a war that includes such acts .
Early in the war , various world leaders condemned the indiscriminate bombing of city populations .
Italy had bombed civilians in Ethiopia ; Japan , in China ; Germany and Italy , in the Spanish Civil War .
Germany had dropped bombs on Rotterdam in Holland , on Coventry in England and other places .
Roosevelt described these bombings as " inhuman barbarism that has profoundly shocked the conscience of humanity . "
But very soon , the United States and Britain were doing the same thing and on a far larger scale .
When the Allied leaders met at Casablanca in January 1943 , they agreed on massive air attacks to achieve " the destruction and dislocation of the German military , industrial and economic system and the undermining of the morale of the German people to the point where their capacity for armed resistance is fatally weakened . "
Churchill and his advisers had decided that bombing working - class districts of German cities would accomplish just that , " the undermining of the morale of the German people . "
The saturation bombing of the German cities began .
There were raids of a thousand planes on Cologne , Essen , Frankfurt , and Hamburg .
The British flew at night and did " area bombing " with no pretense of aiming at specific military targets .
The Americans flew in the daytime , pretending to precision , but bombing from high altitudes made that impossible .
When I was doing my practice bombing in Deming , New Mexico , before going overseas , our egos were built up by having us fly at 4,000 feet and drop a bomb within twenty feet of the target .
But at 11,000 feet , we were more likely to be 200 feet away .
And when we flew combat missions , we did it from 30,000 feet , and might miss by a quarter of a mile .
Hardly " precision bombing . "
There was huge self - deception .
We had been angered when the Germans bombed cities and killed several hundred or a thousand people .
But now the British and Americans were killing tens of thousands in a single air strike .
Michael Sherry , in his study of aerial bombing , notes that " so few in the air force asked questions . "
Sherry says there was no dear thinking about the effects of the bombing .
Some generals objected , but were overruled by civilians .
The technology crowded out moral considerations .
Once the planes existed , targets had to be found .
It was terror bombing , and the German city of Dresden was the extreme example .
( The city and the event are immortalized in fiction by Kurt Vonnegut 's comic , bitter novel , Slaughterhouse Five . )
It was February , 1945 , the Red Army was eighty miles to the east and it was clear that Germany was on the way to defeat .
In one day and one night of bombing , by American and British planes , the tremendous heat generated by the bombs created a vacuum , and an enormous firestorm swept the city , which was full of refugees at the time , increasing the population to a million .
More than 100,000 people died .
The British pilot of a Lancaster bomber recalled , " There was a sea of fire covering in my estimation some forty square miles .
We were so aghast at the awesome blaze that although alone over the city , we flew around in a stand - off position for many minutes before turning for home , quite subdued by our imagination of the horror that must be below . "
One incident remembered by survivors is that on the afternoon of February 14 , 1945 , American fighter planes machine - gunned clusters of refugees on the banks of the Elbe .
A German woman told of this years later : " We ran along the Elbe stepping over the bodies . "
Winston Churchill , who seemed to have no moral qualms about his policy of indiscriminate bombing , described the annihilation of Dresden in his wartime memoirs with a simple statement : " We made a heavy raid in the latter month on Dresden , then a centre of communication of Germany 's Eastern Front . "
At one point in the war Churchill ordered thousands of anthrax bombs from a plant that was secretly producing them in the United States .
His chief science adviser , Lord Cherwell , had informed him in February 1944 : " Any animal breathing in minute quantities of these N ( anthrax ) spores is extremely likely to die suddenly but peacefully within the week .
There is no known cure and no effective prophylaxis .
There is little doubt that it is equally lethal to human beings . "
He told Churchill that a half dozen bombers could carry enough four - pound anthrax bombs to kill everyone within a square mile .
However , production delays got in the way of this plan .
The actor Richard Burton once wrote an article for The New York Times about his experience playing the role of Winston Churchill in a television drama :
In the course of preparing myself ... I realized afresh that I hate Churchill and all of his kind .
I hate them virulently .
They have stalked down the corridors of endless power all through history ....
What man of sanity would say on hearing of the atrocities committed by the Japanese against British and Anzac prisoners of war , " We shall wipe them out , everyone of them , men , women , and children .
There shall not be a Japanese left on the face of the earth " ?
Such simple - minded cravings for revenge leave me with a horrified but reluctant awe for such single - minded and merciless ferocity .
When Burton 's statement appeared in the " Arts and Leisure " section of The New York Times , he was banned from future BBC productions .
The supervisor of drama productions for BBC said , " As far as I am concerned , he will never work for us again ..
Burton acted in an unprofessional way . "
It seems that however moral is the cause that initiates a war ( in the minds of the public , in the mouths of the politicians ) , it is in the nature of war to corrupt that morality until the rule becomes " An eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth , " and soon it is not a matter of equivalence , but indiscriminate revenge .
The policy of saturation bombing became even more brutal when B29s , with carried twice the bombload as the planes we flew in Europe , attacked Japanese cities with incendiaries , turning them into infernos .
In one raid on Tokyo , after midnight on March 10 , 1945 , 300 B29s left the city in flames , fanned by a strong northwest wind .
The fires could be seen by pilots 150 miles out in the Pacific Ocean .
A million people were left homeless .
It is estimated that 100,000 people died that night .
Many of them attempting to escape leaped into the Sumida River and drowned .
A Japanese novelist who was twelve years old at the time , described the scene years later : " The fire was like a living thing .
It ran , just like a creature chasing us . "
By the time the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima ( August 6 , 1945 ) and another on Nagasaki ( three days later ) , the moral line had been crossed psychologically by the massive bombings in Europe and by the fire bombings of Tokyo and other cities .
The bomb on Hiroshima left perhaps 140,000 dead ; the one on Nagasaki , 70,000 dead .
Another 130,000 died in the next five years .
Hundreds of thousands of others were left radiated and maimed .
These numbers are based on the most detailed report that exists on the effects of the bombings ; it was compiled by thirty - four Japanese specialists and was published in 1981 .
The deception and self - deception that accompanied these atrocities was remarkable .
Truman told the public , " The world will note that the first atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima , a military base .
That was because we wished in this first attack to avoid , insofar as possible , the killing of civilians . "
Even the possibility that American prisoners of war would be killed in these bombings did not have any effect on the plans .
On July 31 , nine days before Nagasaki was bombed , the headquarters of the U.S. Army Strategic Air Forces on Guam ( the take - off airfield for the atomic bombings ) sent a message to the War Department : Reports prisoner of war sources not verified by photo give location of Allied prisoner - of - war camp , one mile north of center of city of Nagasaki .
Does this influence the choice of this target for initial Centerboard operation ?
Request immediate reply .
The reply came , " Targets previously assigned for Centerboard remain unchanged . "
The terrible momentum of war continued even after the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
The end of the war was a few days away , yet B29s continued their missions .
On August 14 , five days after the Nagasaki bombing and the day before the actual acceptance of surrender terms , 449 B29s went out from the Marianas for a daylight strike and 372 more went out that night .
Altogether , more than 1,000 planes were sent to bomb Japanese cities .
There were no American losses .
The last plane had not yet returned when Truman announced the Japanese had surrendered .
Japanese writer Oda Makoto describes that August 14 in Osaka , where he lived .
He was a boy .
He went out into the streets and found in the midst of the corpses American leaflets written in Japanese , which had been dropped with the bombs :
Your government has surrendered ; the war is over . "
The American public , already conditioned to massive bombing , accepted the atomic bombings with equanimity , indeed with joy .
I remember my own reaction .
When the war ended in Europe , my crew flew our plane back to the United States .
We were given a thirty - day furlough and then had to report for duty to be sent to Japan to continue bombing .
My wife and I decided to spend that time in the countryside .
Waiting for the bus to take us , I picked up the morning newspaper , August 7 , 1945 .
The headline was " Atomic Bomb Dropped on Hiroshima . "
My immediate reaction was elation : " The war will end .
I wo n't have to go to the Pacific . "
I had no idea what the explosion of the atomic bomb had done to the men , women , and children of Hiroshima .
It was abstract and distant , as were the deaths of the people from the bombs I had dropped in Europe from a height of six miles ; I was unable to see anything below , there was no visible blood , and there were no audible screams .
And I knew nothing of the imminence of a Japanese surrender .
It was only later when I read John Hersey 's Hiroshima , when I read the testimony of Japanese survivors , and when I studied the history of the decision to drop the bomb that I was outraged by what had been done .
It seems that once an initial judgment has been made that a war is just , there is a tendency to stop thinking , to assume then that everything done on behalf of victory is morally acceptable .
I had myself participated in the bombing of cities , without even considering whether there was any relationship between what I was doing and the elimination of fascism in the world .
Thus a war that apparently begins with a " good " cause -- stopping aggression , helping victims , or punishing brutality - - ends with its own aggression , creates more victims than before , and brings out more brutality than before , on both sides .
The Holocaust , a plan made and executed in the ferocious atmosphere of war , and the saturation bombings , also created in the frenzy of war , are evidence of this .
The good cause in World War II was the defeat of fascism .
And , in fact , it ended with that defeat : the corpse of Mussolini hanging in the public square in Milan ; Hitler burned to death in his underground bunker ; Tojo , captured and sentenced to death by an international tribunal .
But forty million people were dead , and the elements of fascism -- militarism , racism , imperialism , dictatorship , ferocious nationalism , and war - - were still at large in the postwar world .
Two of those forty million were my closest Air Force friends , Joe Perry and Ed Plotkin .
We had suffered through basic training and rode horses and flew Piper Cubs in Burlington , Vermont , and played basketball at Santa Ana before going our own ways to different combat zones .
Both were killed in the final weeks of the war .
For years afterward , they appeared in my dreams .
In my waking hours , the question grew :
What did they really die for ?
We were victorious over fascism , but this left two superpowers dominating the world , vying for control of other nations , carving out new spheres of influence , on a scale even larger than that attempted by the Fascist powers .
Both superpowers supported dictatorships all over the world : the Soviet Union in Eastern Europe and the United States in Latin America , Korea , and the Philippines .
The war machines of the Axis powers were destroyed , but the Soviet Union and the United States were building military machines greater than the world had ever seen , piling up frightful numbers of nuclear weapons , soon equivalent to a million Hiroshima - type bombs .
They were preparing for a war to keep the peace , they said ( this had also been said before World War I ) but those preparations were such that if war took place ( by accident ? by miscalculation ? ) it would make the Holocaust look puny .
Hitler 's aggression was over but wars continued , which the superpowers either initiated or fed with military aid or observed without attempting to halt them .
Two million people died in Korea ; two to five million in Vietnam , Cambodia , and Laos ; one million in Indonesia ; perhaps two million in the Nigerian civil war ; one million in the Iran - Iraq War ; and many more in Latin America , Africa , and the Middle East .
It is estimated that , in the forty years after 1945 , there were 150 wars , with twenty million casualties .
The victorious and morally righteous superpowers stood by in the postwar world while millions -- more than had died in Hitler 's Holocaust -- starved to death .
They made gestures , but allowed national ambitions and interpower rivalries to stand in the way of saving the hungry .
A United Nations official reported , with great bitterness that in pursuit of political objectives in the Nigerian Civil War , a number of great and small nations , including Britain and the United States , worked to prevent supplies of food and medicine from reaching the starving children of rebel Biafra .
Swept up in the obvious rightness of a crusade to rid the world of fascism , most people supported or participated in that crusade , to the point of risking their lives .
But there were skeptics , especially among the nonwhite peoples of the world -- blacks in the United States and the colonized millions of the British Empire ( Gandhi withheld his support ) .
The extraordinary black writer Zora Neale Hurston wrote her memoir , Dust Tracks on a Road , at the start of World War II .
Just before it was to come out , the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor , and her publisher , Lippincott , removed a section of the book in which she wrote bitterly about the " democracies " of the West and their hypocrisy .
She said :
All around me , bitter tears are being shed over the fate of Holland , Belgium , France and England .
I must confess to being a little dry around the eyes .
I hear people shaking with shudders at the thought of Germany collecting taxes in Holland .
I have not heard a word against Holland collecting one twelfth of poor people 's wages in Asia .
Hitler 's crime is that he is actually doing a thing like that to his own kind ....
As I see it , the doctrines of democracy deal with the aspirations of men's souls , but the application deals with things .
One hand in somebody else 's pocket and one on your gun , and you are highly civilized ....
Desire enough for your own use only , and you are a heathen .
Civilized people have things to show to their neighbors .
The editor at Lippincott wrote on her manuscript , " Suggest eliminating international opinions as irrelevant to autobiography . "
Only when the book was reissued in 1984 did the censored passages appear .
Hurston , in a letter she wrote to a journalist friend in 1946 , showed her indignation at the hypocrisy that accompanied the war : I am amazed at the complacency of Negro press and public .
Truman is a monster .
I can think of him as nothing else but the Butcher of Asia .
Of his grin of triumph on giving the order to drop the Atom bombs on Japan .
Of his maintaining troops in China who are shooting the starving Chinese for stealing a handful of food .
Some white writers were resistant to the fanaticism of war .
After it was over , Joseph Heller wrote his biting , brilliant satire Catch - 22 and Kurt Vonnegut wrote Slaughterhouse Five .
In the 1957 film Bridge on the River Kwai , the Japanese military is obsessed with building a bridge , and the British are obsessed with destroying it .
At the end it is blown up and a British lieutenant , barely surviving , looks around at the river strewn with corpses and mutters : " Madness .
Madness . "
There were pacifists in the United States who went to prison rather than participate in World War II .
There were 350,000 draft evaders in the United States .
Six thousand men went to prison as conscientious objectors ; one out of every six inmates in U.S. federal prisons was a conscientious objector to the war .
But the general mood in the United States was support .
Liberals , conservatives , and Communists agreed that it was a just war .
Only a few voices were raised publicly in Europe and the United States to question the motives of the participants , the means by which the war was being conducted , and the ends that would be achieved .
Very few tried to stand back from the battle and take a long view .
One was the French worker - philosopher Simone Weil .
Early in 1945 she wrote in a new magazine called Politics :
Whether the mask is labeled Fascism , Democracy , or Dictatorship or the Proletariat , our great adversary remains the Apparatus -- the bureaucracy , the police , the military ....
No matter what the circumstances , the worst betrayal will always be to subordinate ourselves to this Apparatus , and to trample underfoot , in its service , all human values in ourselves and in others .
The editor of Politics was an extraordinary American intellectual named Dwight MacDonald , who with his wife , Nancy , produced the magazine as an outlet for unorthodox points of view .
After the bombing of Hiroshima , MacDonald refused to join in the general jubilation .
He wrote with a fury : The CONCEPTS " WAR " AND " PROGRESS " ARE NOW OBSOLETE ... THE FUTILITY OF MODERN WARFARE SHOULD NOW BE CLEAR .
Must we not now conclude , with Simone Weil , that the technical aspect of war today is the evil , regardless of political factors ?
Can one imagine that the atomic bomb could ever be used " in a good cause " ?
But what was the alternative to war , with Germany on the march in Europe , Japan on its rampage through Asia , and Italy looking for empire ?
This is the toughest possible question .
Once the history of an epoch has run its course , it is very difficult to imagine an alternate set of events , to imagine that some act or acts might set in motion a whole new train of circumstances , leading in a different direction .
Would it have been possible to trade time and territory for human life ?
Was there an alternative preferable to using the most modern weapons of destruction for mass annihilation ?
Can we try to imagine instead of a six - year war a ten - year or twenty - year period of resistance ; of guerrilla warfare , strikes , and non-cooperation ; of underground movements , sabotage , and paralysis of vital communication and transportation ; and of clandestine propaganda for the organization of a larger and larger opposition ?
Even in the midst of war , some nations occupied by the Nazis were able to resist : the Danes , the Norweigians , and the Bulgarians refused to give up their Jews .
Gene Sharp , on the basis of his study of resistance movements in World War II , writes : During the second World War -- in such occupied countries as the Netherlands , Norway and Denmark -- patriots resisted their Nazi overlords and internal puppets by such weapons as underground newspapers , labor slowdowns , general strikes , refusal of collaboration , special boycotts of German troops and quislings , and non-cooperation with fascist controls and efforts to restructure their societies ' institutions .
Guerrilla warfare is more selective , its violence more limited and more discriminate , than conventional war .
It is less centralized and more democratic by nature , requiring the commitment , the initiative , and the cooperation of ordinary people who do not need to be conscripted , but who are motivated by their desire for freedom and justice .
History is full of instances of successful resistance ( although we are not informed very much about this ) without violence and against tyranny , by people using strikes , boycotts , propaganda , and a dozen different ingenious forms of struggle .
Gene Sharp , in his book The Politics of Non-violent Action , records hundreds of instances and dozens of methods of action .
Since the end of World War II , we have seen dictatorships overthrown by mass movements that mobilized so much popular opposition that the tyrant finally had to flee in Iran , in Nicaragua , in the Philippines , and in Haiti .
Granted , the Nazi machine was formidable , efficient , and ruthless .
But there are limits to conquest .
A point is reached where the conqueror has swallowed too much territory , has to control too many people .
Great empires have fallen when it was thought they would last forever .
We have seen , in the Eighties , mass movements of protest arise in the tightly controlled Communist countries of Eastern Europe , forcing dramatic changes in Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland , Bulgaria , Rumania , and East Germany .
The Spanish people , having lost a million lives in their civil war , waited out Franco .
He died , as all men do , and the dictatorship was over .
For Portugal , the resistance in its outlying African Empire weakened control ; corruption grew and the long dictatorship of Salazar was overthrown -- without a bloodbath .
There is a fable written by German playwright Bertolt Brecht that goes roughly like this : A man living alone answers a knock at the door .
When he opens it , he sees in the doorway the powerful body , the cruel face , of The Tyrant .
The Tyrant asks , " Will you submit ? "
The man does not reply .
He steps aside .
The Tyrant enters and establishes himself in the man 's house .
The man serves him for years .
Then The Tyrant becomes sick from food poisoning .
He dies .
The man wraps the body , opens the door , gets rids of the body , comes back to his house , closes the door behind him , and says , firmly , " No . " Violence is not the only form of power .
Sometimes it is the least effective .
Always it is the most vicious , for the perpetrator as well as for the victim .
And it is corrupting .
Immediately after the war , Albert Camus , the great French writer who fought in the underground against the Nazis , wrote in Combat , the daily newspaper of the French Resistance .
In his essay called " Neither Victims Nor Executioners , " he considered the tens of millions of dead caused by the war and asked that the world reconsider fanaticism and violence :
All I ask is that , in the midst of a murderous world , we agree to reflect on murder and to make a choice ....
Over the expanse of five continents throughout the coming years an endless struggle is going to be pursued between violence and friendly persuasion , a struggle in which , granted , the former has a thousand times the chances of success than has the latter .
But I have always held that , if he who bases his hopes on human nature is a fool , he who gives up in the face of circumstances is a coward .
And henceforth , the only honorable course will be to stake everything on a formidable gamble : that words are more powerful than munitions .
Whatever alternative scenarios we can imagine to replace World War II and its mountain of corpses , it really does n't matter any more .
That was is over .
The practical effect of declaring World War II just is not for that war , but for the wars that follow .
And that effect has been a dangerous one , because the glow of rightness that accompanied that war has been transferred , by false analogy and emotional carryover , to other wars .
To put it another way , perhaps the worst consequence of World War II is that it kept alive the idea that war could be just .
Looking at World War II in perspective , looking at the world it created and the terror that grips our century , should we not bury for all time the idea of just war ?
Some of the participants in that " good war " had second thoughts .
Former GI Tommy Bridges , who after the war became a policeman in Michigan , expressed his feelings to Studs Terkel :
It was a useless war , as every war is ....
How gaddamn foolish it is , the war .
They 's no war in the world that 's worth fighting for , I do n't care where it is .
They can't tell me any different .
Money , money is the thing that causes it all .
I would n't be a bit surprised that the people that start wars and promote 'em are the men that make the money , make the ammunition , make the clothing and so forth .
Just think of the poor kids that are starvin ' to death in Asia and so forth that could be fed with how much you make one big shell out of .
Higher up in the military ranks was Admiral Gene LaRocque , who also spoke to Studs Terkel about the war : I had been in thirteen battle engagements , had sunk a submarine , and was the first man ashore in the landing at Roi .
In that four years , I thought , What a hell of a waste of a man 's life .
I lost a lot of friends .
I had the task of telling my roommate 's parents about our last days together .
You lose limbs , sight , part of your life -- for what ?
Old men send young men to war .
Flag , banners , and patriotic sayings ...
We 've institutionalized militarism .
This came out of World War Two ....
It gave us the National Security Council .
It gave us the CIA , that is able to spy on you and me this very moment .
For the first time in the history of man , a country has divided up the world into military districts ....
You could argue World War Two had to be fought .
Hitler had to be stopped .
Unfortunately , we translate it unchanged to the situation today ....
I hate it when they say , " He gave his life for his country . "
Nobody gives their life for anything .
We steal the lives of these kids .
We take it away from them .
They do n't die for the honor and glory of their country .
We kill them .
Granted that we have started in this century with the notion of just war , we do n't have to keep it .
Perhaps the change in our thinking can be as dramatic , as clear , as that in the life of a French general , whose obituary in 1986 was headed : " Gen. Jacques Paris de Bollardiere , War Hero Who Became a Pacifist , Dead at the age of 78 . "
He had served in the Free French Forces in Africa during World War II , later parachuted into France and Holland to organize the Resistance , and commanded an airborne unit in Indochina from 1946 to 1953 .
But in 1957 , according to the obituary , he " caused an uproar in the French army when he asked to be relieved of his command in Algeria to protest the torture of Algerian rebels .
In 1961 he began to speak out against militarism and nuclear weapons .
He created an organization called The Alternative Movement for Non-Violence and in 1973 participated in a protest expedition to France 's South Pacific nuclear testing site .
It remains to be seen how many people in our time will make that journey from war to nonviolent action against war .
It is the great challenge or our time :
How to achieve justice , with struggle , but without war .
The federal government says it has no choice but to reluctantly keep distributing to millions of waterfowl hunters a toll - free phone - sex - service number that features a breathy woman promising callers that they can " talk only to the girls who turn you on " for $ 1.99 per minute .
About 3.5 million federal " duck stamps , " featuring artwork by a Plymouth artist , are affixed to a card that bears the misprinted number , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said Wednesday .
All waterfowl hunters age 16 and older must buy and carry the current Migratory Bird Conservation and Hunting Stamp , commonly known as the duck stamp .
Sales of the stamp raise about $ 25 million each year to fund wetland habitat acquisition for the national Wildlife Refuge System .
Rachel Levin , a Fish and Wildlife spokeswoman , called the misprint , which connects callers to a phone - sex service , " an unfortunate typographical error " that her agency " really regrets . "
She adds that the agency will keep selling the $ 15 stamps with the naughty number because reprinting the card would cost too much .
The correct number , 1-800 - STAMP24 ( 1-800-782-6724 ) , is for people wishing to order additional duck stamps .
Levin said two digits of the phone number are transposed on the card that holds the self - adhesive version of the stamp .
That incorrect number , 1-800-872-6724 , translates to 1-800 - TRAMP24 .
Callers to " Intimate Connections " are warned that they must be 18 years or older before proceeding .
Levin doubted that the digits were purposely transposed .
" As far as we know , " she said , " it was just an error . "
The stamps were produced by Ashton Potter Ltd. of Williamsville , N.Y. Messages left with Ashton Potter 's executives were not returned .
( CNN ) -- U.S. military forces landed at a compound in Pakistan to battle targets linked to recent attacks on U.S. troops in Afghanistan , a senior U.S. official confirmed Wednesday .
Security in the South Waziristan area of Pakistan has deteriorated in recent years .
The official declined to be identified , citing the extreme sensitivity of U.S. forces operating within Pakistan 's borders .
The action was an uncommon one for the U.S. military .
Generally , NATO forces do not enter Pakistan except when pursuing insurgents in Afghanistan who slipped over the border or , in an extreme case , to pursue a high - value target .
The Pentagon has refused to comment officially on the attack , but several defense officials acknowledged that U.S. military activity had taken place inside Pakistan .
The senior U.S. official said a small number of U.S. helicopters landed troops in the village near Angoor Adda in South Waziristan , where Taliban and al Qaeda fighters have hunkered down over the years .
Local media reports said the troops came out of a chopper and fired on civilians .
The U.S. official said there may have been a small number of women and children in the immediate vicinity , but when the mission began " everybody came out firing " from the compound .
He said the U.S. troops specifically attacked three buildings in the compound .
They were believed to contain individuals responsible for training and equipping insurgents who have been crossing the border into Afghanistan in increasing numbers in recent months and staging large - scale , high - profile attacks against U.S. and coalition forces .
The official could not say if the troops were going after a specific individual .
Officials told CNN there was no indication the target was Osama bin Laden or his deputy , Ayman al - Zawahiri .
Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday lodged a protest against U.S. - led coalition and NATO forces for what it said was a " helicopter - borne ground attack " from Afghanistan into Pakistan , an uncommon tactic in the coalition 's fight against militants along the violent border .
The coalition and NATO have been seeking a way to effectively battle militants launching attacks from Pakistan 's swath of tribal areas along the border .
They have become frustrated with Pakistan over the years , saying it is not being proactive enough against militants , a claim denied by Pakistan -- now in political flux after the resignation of President Pervez Musharraf .
Top U.S. and Pakistani military officials last week met on an aircraft carrier regarding American concerns that Pakistan has n't been cracking down hard enough on the Taliban .
Several times this year , U.S. - operated drone aircraft launched attacks inside Pakistan
The Pakistani Foreign Ministry described the strike as " a helicopter - borne ground attack supported by air assets based in Afghanistan " and called it a " gross violation of Pakistan territory . "
Pakistani officials were still counting the casualties .
One local official said the raid left 20 civilians dead .
Pakistan military spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said seven civilians died and others were critically injured .
" It is , indeed , most unfortunate that coalition / ISAF in Afghanistan have resorted to cross - border use of force against civilians , " the Pakistan Foreign Ministry said in a written statement .
ISAF is NATO 's International Security Assistance Force .
Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry spokesman said the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan was summoned to provide an explanation of the incident .
" Such actions are counterproductive and certainly do not help our joint efforts to fight terrorism , " the ministry said .
" On the contrary , they undermine the very basis of cooperation and may fuel the fire of hatred and violence that we are trying to extinguish .
Moreover , any attack on Pakistani territory is unacceptable and constitutes a grave provocation . "
Owais Ahmed Ghani , the administrative head of Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas , called the strike " a direct assault on the sovereignty of Pakistan .
And the people of Pakistan expect that the Armed Forces of Pakistan would rise to defend the sovereignty of the country and give a befitting reply to all such attacks . "
All About Pakistan • War and Conflict • Afghanistan
Have you ever felt tense like a wound up toy ?
I ’m sure you have .
Most of us do at some stages in life .
It could be a looming deadline , an upcoming job interview , or lack of sleep .
Whatever the reasons , feeling on edge makes us cranky , uncommunicative and stubborn .
If that is you right now , you need to loosen up .
Naturally , the following tips are far from being all the answers to loosen up , as there are hundreds of ways to do so .
They are simply intended to help you open up and connect with other people on all the right levels .
Take A Mini Break
Mini breaks are a great way to freshen up the mind .
You could go for a picnic , a walk on the beach , an overnight hotel stay with all the luxury trimmings of 5 - star accommodation or a visit to the park .
Whatever helps you to recharge your batteries is the right choice for the moment .
We all need a break every so often and by not doing it we only do ourselves a disfavor .
Get some fresh air and clear your mind .
It is the fastest way to loosen up .
Dance
Dancing to my favorite music is one of my all time winners to loosen up .
I often dance around the house on a whim .
My neighbors might think I ’m nuts , but I do n’t care , since I ’m having fun .
Dancing helps to relax me instantly .
You do n’t need a nightclub to dance .
Just good sound and you are ready to go .
Let me see those moves .
Exercise
There is something special about clearing the head with a brisk walk or a powerful gym workout .
When I lived in Switzerland , I used to travel to and from work with my mountain bike every single day for two years .
I really treasured my early morning rides to work .
I consistently challenged myself to be faster , beat the tram by so many minutes , or manage a certain portion of the way in under my previous record .
In those times I hardly ever felt tense and stressed out because I was actively using my body to freshen the mind .
Meditate
Meditation is a great way to beat the mental cobwebs goodbye .
10 minutes a day is all you need .
Initially , it will take some getting used to to become still and quieten the mind .
But with a bit of practice , you will be a master in no time and enjoy the benefits .
Turn Up The Volume
If you are hard pressed to polish those dancing shoes , how about just listening to some great music instead .
You could indulge in a daydreaming session – naturally , this would work best with relaxing music .
Or else , if you rather stay active , turn up the volume and clean the house at the same time .
Hint :
If you are a Martian , your Venus will love you even more for it .
Cup Of Tea Anyone
Green tea has relaxing properties .
If a cup of coffee is more your thing , then by all means , have your cuppa .
Just do n’t forget to keep your brain hydrated with plenty of water afterward .
I think when we drink tea or coffee , it is often the actual ceremony that helps us to relax .
There is something serene in brewing and pouring a nice tea , or smelling freshly roasted coffee .
Instant relaxation .
Consider The Options
One thing most people forget when they are wound up and tense is to consider the other person ’s opinion .
Like I mentioned at the beginning of this post , when we are tense , we end up being stubborn and become argumentative .
Instead of making the situation worse , try to see the “ other ” view first .
I ’m not saying we should n’t argue .
But most arguments can be avoided by simply stepping back .
People do n’t know when you are tense , unless you tell them so .
Once you engage into arguments or senseless sparring of the minds it is very hard to find a common ground .
How do you choose to loosen up if you are stressed out , wound up or tense from looming deadlines ?
Let us know , it will be great to get a nice collection of ideas .
Thank you for stopping by .
Monika
This review page is supported in part by the sponsor whose ad is displayed above
Reviewer : Srajan Ebaen
Source : Audio Aero Prima SE ; Accustic Arts Drive -1
Preamp / Integrated : AUDIOPAX Model 5
Amp : AUDIOPAX Model 88
Speakers : Avantgarde Acoustics Duo
Cables : Crystal Cable Reference complete wire set of analog and digital interconnects , speaker cables and power cords ; Z - Cable Reference Cyclone power cords on both powerline conditioner ; 2 x Stealth Audio Cables Indra analogue & Sextet S/ PDIF cable
Stands : 2 x Grand Prix Audio Monaco four - tier
Powerline conditioning : BPT BP - 3.5 Signature Plus ; Velocitor ; Velocitor S [ on review ] ; Quantum Symphony Pro [ on review ]
Sundry accessories : GPA Formula Carbon / Kevlar shelf for tube amps ; GPA Apex footers underneath stand and speakers ; Walker Audio SST on all connections ; Walker Audio Vivid CD cleaner ; Furutech RD - 2 CD demagnetizer ; WorldPower cryo'd Hubbell and IsoClean wall sockets ; Musse Audio resonance dampers on DUO subs
Room size : 30 ' w x 18 ' d x 10 ' h [ sloping ceiling ] in long - wall setup in one half , with open adjoining living room for a total of ca.1000 squ.ft floor plan and significant ' active ' cubic air volume of essentially the entire ( small ) house
Review component retail : $ 2,995 without power cord , $ 450 for optional matching stand
As regular readers here and elsewhere already know anecdotally and owners from personal experience , Lloyd Walker is one of the more colorful but bullshit - adverse artists in our small cottage industry .
This aversion against smelly manure stems from a long career in controls work on nuclear reactors and petrochemical plants .
Such plants suffer no fools , period .
The artistic part comes from a nearly maniacal commitment to better sound .
It translates as a willingness to tackle challenges like a lock - jaw bulldog and grapple with new ideas even after a product has been launched .
It also includes experimenting with solutions whose exact workings he does n't fully understand .
Take his passive power line conditioner called the Velocitor .
It relies in part on QRT or Quantum Resonance Technology , proudly credited on the engraved brass plaque with its initials .
The QRT module is licensed from Bill Stierhout of Quantum .
It also finds itself built into Kiuchi - San 's Combak / Reimyo conditioner while QRT - treated boards show up in NordOst 's
Thor conditioner which was jointly developed with IsoTek of England .
Asked how QRT works , exactly , Walker relies on his grim distaste for poppycock .
Rather than pretending , he 'll tell you plainly that he does n't know - though he could regale you with a few theories if you really insisted .
" Just listen and you tell me whether it works or not " is a far more likely retort .
While he's at that , he 'll also tell you in no uncertain terms that the module benefits from serious tweaking and modifying and is merely one ingredient of what makes his Velocitor different .
In fact , " the devil 's in the details " is Lloyd 's favorite non-Hindu mantra .
As such , he 's one restless character .
He is never done , especially when word comes down the pike that a new product introduction elsewhere might challenge
one of his .
If he trusts the ears that say so , he 'll buy that product or go out of his way to try it somewhere .
If he finds that it indeed beats his own or merely comes uncomfortably close , he 'll curse quietly as though it was a personal attack on manhood and design acumen .
Then he wo n't rest until he 's figured out how to improve his own Walker Audio equivalent to gain the necessary audible advantage .
Once he 's managed , he 'll let you know , too .
More than that , he 'll lean on you until you cave in and give the thing a listen .
Seeing that I already owned one of his Velocitors , that 's how today 's review came about , too .
Lloyd had experimented with the RF detection coil inside the Velocitor .
The Mapleshade cables he fancies and sells run an active bias on their shields .
So do certain Audioquest designs for their dielectric .
In parallel to Bill Stierhout who was experimenting along similar lines , Lloyd decided to put an active bias on the field coil circuitry .
After the necessary dialing in , he sprung the hotrodded Velocitor S on his wife Felicia .
He replaced the prior Velocitor in their video system with the tweaked one .
Her reaction told him all he already knew .
" It 's huge ! " I was next in line to find out .
You see , once you 're part of the extended Walker family by owning his stuff , it 's like having a mad genius inventor for an uncle .
In Walker 's case , such upgrades are always priced fairly .
Present owners are guaranteed instant access and quick turnarounds to stay with Lloyd on his cutting edge .
Unlike dealing with larger firms who might be less prone to ongoing refinements , the Walker magic is one of endless questing for incremental improvements .
The Velocitor recipe thus far has meant a solid Maple enclosure 10 " x 7.25 " x 7.5 " and a complete absence of lights and switches .
It also has meant a tension - fitted set of 5 miniature Walker Audio Valid Points ( 5/16 " tall ) and lead - filled Resonance Control Discs inside the box for a deliberate attenuation of powerline - induced mechanical resonances .
( Kimber Kable 's Palladium power cords with their midriff barrels seem similarly directed at resonance issues . )
A complex wiring scheme connects each of the six top - mounted outlets back to the IEC .
This is done via deep - cryo'd parallel ultra-pure silver / copper runs rather than tapping off a central bus bar distribution rail as is popular elsewhere .
( I 'm told wiring up the Velocitor is one royal pain in the arse . )
There 's Jena Labs deep - cryo'd Hubbell - based outlets with a proprietary metallurgical contact formula ( Caelin Gabriel of Shunyata too has Hubbell - sourced outlets that incorporate specified refinements ) .
There 's the aforementioned RF detection coil and the QRT oscillator / transmitter .
There 's a hard - mounted set of external brass / lead Valid Points below the Velocitor .
Ideally and as chez moi , those should couple to the optional butcher - block Maple platform , itself decoupled from the floor by another set of hard - mounted points .
A spare disc is placed atop the platform between the three footers of the Velocitor .
Add a brass grounding post and the new active bias .
Voilà - a passive power line conditioner without any of the usual filters , chokes , capacitors , isolation transformers , power rectification or regeneration , surge protection , LEDs , voltage stabilization or what - have - yous .
According to Walker , it 's all bad for the sound , in some out - of - fashion or another .
The QRT module creates a field effect that affects the upstream power distribution for a certain distance .
To fairly test the Velocitor , it needs to be unplugged whenever a comparator is inserted .
Otherwise the latter rides on the Velocitor 's coat tails and benefits from the QRT 's electron resonance treatment .
Before you , ahem recoil from such statements -- perhaps inured from the current AA threads about Golden Sound 's Intelligent Chip for CD treatments -- remember that Walker makes no claims for how QRT works .
He simply states that he 's tried it , that it 's clearly audible ( and visible on video ) and that it can be improved upon over how Quantum has implemented it .
Once you add into this picture the considerable expertise involved to design and build one of the most highly accoladed turntables ever -- the Walker Audio Proscenium Gold previously featured in these pages -- the voodoo portion of the Velocitor 's operation and ingredients recedes into the
background .
Incidentally , explanations for how Bybee devices operate are surprisingly similar to QRT .
Far more important to audiophiles than theories is naturally the question :
Does this stuff work or not ?
If so , how well does it work ?
As Linnman 's recent foray into passive power bars showed , many Japanese companies like Audiorepas , Chikuma , Furutech , Orb and Oyaide -- but also Gryphon Audio of Denmark -- favor the filter - less passive approach .
They focus on power distribution rather than conditioning / filtering and nearly always mate that to apparently overkill mechanical construction .
Conceptually , active powerline filters become part of the power supplies of whatever components are plugged into them .
This could cause unforseen interactions that second - guess and potentially compromise the intentions of the designers of said components .
Remaining with a passive approach eliminates the potential for such compromised interactions , between a conditioner 's active componentry and those in the power supplies of the connected equipment ( and it should also avoid current / voltage shifts and associated AC phase errors ) .
Using a single power distribution source for one 's entire system eliminates line - induced ground differentials and is thus favored by many .
Another consideration is how the presence of some remaining subliminal noise might actually be beneficial like dither is for digital ; like tube noise might contribute to certain sonic effects of valved circuits ; like minor tape hiss is n't always merely negative but can also create an unexpected illusion of additional space .
If so , categorically eliminating all AC noise to level zero as though this were the Holy Grail could entail some surprising consequences not necessarily all benign .
On this subject , Linnman 's findings ( which include prior experiences with active devices as championed by Burmester and isolation transformers by way of Ensemble ) can be paraphrased as follows :
The silence created by passive resonance control is very different from that achieved by massive active filtering .
The former is a live and present silence , the latter a dead silence of absence , damping and suppression .
Those in accord with this view would tell you that what is suppressed beside grunge and noise is also musical life , energy and spontaneity , otherwise expressed as micro and macro dynamics and speed .
There are parallels in speaker construction with those who favor a tuned cabinet over one poured from concrete .
There are parallels even with speaker stands , between the dead - knuckle variants on one end and the deliberately resonating ideal of StarSound 's Caravelle model on the other .
One scheme endeavors to kill vibrations by damping them , the other aims at releasing vibrations via grounding .
Perhaps there are further parallels with the resolution - for - resolution 's - sake approach ?
Lowering the system noise floor as influenced by the AC power grid is a good idea in theory .
But if in the process , something vital gets stripped away as well , more might be lost than gained .
This could relate directly to what one expects from the playback experience .
If you focus on a merely sonic approximation or recreation of the live event ( something I believe is completely impossible and thus a fool 's errand ) , then a singular pursuit of minute detail retrieval could become priority numero uno .
If an emotional approximation or recreation of the live charge was your intent , then the transmission of energy would gain precedence .
This might result in two entirely different results .
They could cater to two different ways of listening .
Neither is wrong and both will have admirers and detractors .
In fact , Caelin Gabriel of Shunyata Research has coined two utterly brilliant terms to describe these dissimilar actions : NoiseKillers and PaceSetters .
The Velocitor S clearly operates in the second class .
As such , it 's just as brilliantly named .
It acts as an arterial declogger , accelerator and thus caffeine infusor .
Where my BPT BP - 3.5 Signature Plus is a noise killer and excels at image density , mass and damping , the Velocitor is a pacesetter .
It excels at speed , dynamics , jump factor and release .
I can't necessarily tell you that one makes the system quieter than the other .
If something of the sort were measurable , my listening abilities can't discern it .
What I can tell you ?
When I reduced my system 's box count to run off just one 6 - outlet Velocitor ( by replacing my Zanden DAC / Audiopax pre combo with the Audio Aero Prima SE DAC / pre ) , I could compare my original Velocitor against the new S version against the BPT .
The balanced power unit sounded denser , slower , darker , somewhat blunted and rhythmically restrained .
The nature of this effect was similar to how an underdamped tube amp behaves into a poorly matched speaker load .
Things get slower , darker , thicker , heavier of foot .
The original Velocitor was more agile , more energetically lit up and sparkly .
Inserting the Velocitor S increased focus , clarity and soundstage size .
Even more impressively to me , it also seemed to affect tonal color temperature .
Somewhere in this double action of focus and color , the Velocitor S introduced a heightened effect similar to image density .
However , its nature was noticeably different from that exerted by the BPT .
The latter 's density derives from mass , grunt and a sense of displacement .
The Velocitor 's is rooted in energy that does n't stick but let 's go rapidly .
It 's as though the balanced power unit suffered a bit of inductive hold by comparison .
A side effect thereof was the appearance of bigger BPT bass .
Listening closely , bass notes did n't seem to let go as quickly , hanging over a bit .
This elongation created an impression of more quantity - but now I 'm a bit suspicious about the effect .
Another way to describe the general difference of flavors would be to point at the gains ( and not parallel losses ) which passive preamps can bestow : immediacy and directness .
Compared to active preamps , one commonly trades for less body and an overall leaner , more transparent presentation .
Echoes of these generic parallels seem to also exist between Walker 's passive approach vs Chris Hoff 's active approach ( which in the BP - 3.5 includes a Plitron balanced isolation transformer , capacitive filtering , ERS applications and more ) .
Depending on preamp execution , both active and passive approaches can simultaneously add and take away .
The best of them ( and in how they interact with a system ) only add and do n't subtract .
Admitting once again that one never knows where the exact center line really lies , the BPT seems to add density and weight but subtracts speed .
The Walker adds speed and thereby rhythmic
' I drowned my daughter in bath after a few glasses of wine ' :
How mother killed the disabled child who embarrassed her
A mother 's horrific account of the moment she drowned her daughter in the bath echoed around a courtroom yesterday .
Joanne Hill , 32 , is accused of murdering four - year - old Naomi , who had mild cerebral palsy , because she was embarrassed about the child 's disability .
Yesterday Hill 's taped police interview , in which she describes filling the bath with water and pink bubble bath before holding her little girl 's head under for 10 minutes , was played to the jury at Chester Crown Court .
Drowned : Naomi Hill had mild cerebral palsy .
Her mother is accused of murdering her because she could not cope with her disability
' I pushed her down , ' said Hill , who had drunk around four glasses of wine in the hours before the killing .
' I held her down by the head .
She 's lying on her front with her face to the side .
I am holding her by the neck , around her neck .
' I am holding her against the bottom of the bath .
She did not come up .'
Hill , an advertising saleswoman of Connah 's Quay , North Wales , sat expressionless in the dock as the tape was played .
' I told her ( Naomi ) to sit down .
I was being forceful with her .
I said , " come on , you are having a bath " , and told her to sit down , ' she said on the tape .
' I held her by her head and neck area , on the back area of her neck and head - it just happened so quick .
' I just grabbed her by the back of the neck and kept her under water .
She was on her front at first , and then turned on to her side to face the wall . '
After the tape was turned off , Detective Constable Andrew Roberts , who interviewed Hill , read the rest of her police statement to the court .
Accused : Joanne
Hill told a police officer how she held Naomi's head under the water until she was dead
Hill told him : ' I pulled her down .
She was a bit whingey but not a lot .
I got hold of her neck and pushed her in the water .
She turned on to her right side after a while - I think she 'd gone , she 'd stopped moving . '
Asked how long she had held Naomi under the water , Hill told him she was not sure , but added : ' about five or 10 minutes ' .
' Did you understand that if you held her head under water that she would die ? '
Det Con Roberts asked .
' Yes , ' Hill replied .
After killing Naomi on November 26 last year , Hill dressed her body in dungarees , a duffle coat and pink trainers , and placed her in the child seat in the family car .
She bought a bottle of wine and drove around Chester drinking for eight hours .
CCTV images showed Hill , who had cheated on her husband with a work colleague days before the killing , joking with staff at a petrol station while her child lay dead in the car .
She eventually took Naomi's body to the casualty department of a local hospital in the early hours , telling doctors : ' Will somebody help me ?
I think she is dead . '
Staff tried in vain to resuscitate Naomi , a reception class pupil at Golftyn Primary School in Connah 's Quay .
Hill admitted in the interview that she thought of holding her daughter under water before she ran the bath .
She said she considered suicide after killing Naomi .
The court has heard that Hill , who had suffered depression and a drinking problem , tried to persuade her husband , Simon , 38 , to have Naomi adopted because she was ashamed of their daughter 's disability .
Naomi wore callipers and was partially deaf .
She claimed she only suggested this because she thought Naomi would have a ' better life ' .
But when the devoted father refused , Hill is accused of hatching a plan to murder the child instead .
Hill admits killing Naomi , but denies murder on the grounds of diminished responsibility .
The trial continues .
The World Bank has quietly cancelled a " model " oil pipeline agreement with Chad after revenues meant to be spent on schools and hospitals were used to consolidate President Idriss Déby 's grip on power .
The innovative deal , signed in 2000 , was supposed to ensure that the oil wealth in one of the world 's poorest and most corrupt countries was not wasted .
But this week the World Bank confirmed that it had pulled out of the project it had helped finance , after Chad agreed to repay a $ 140 m ( £ 80 m ) loan ahead of schedule .
In a statement , the World Bank said that Déby 's government had failed to " allocate adequate resources critical for poverty reduction " as set out in the original agreement .
" Regrettably , it became evident that the arrangements that had underpinned the bank 's involvement in the Chad / Cameroon pipeline project were not working .
The bank therefore concluded that it could not continue to support this project under these circumstances , " it said .
The decision is deeply embarrassing for the World Bank .
It had hoped that the experiment could serve as an example for other developing countries on how to ensure transparency and avoid the " resource curse " , where the profits from a country 's natural wealth are pocketed by the ruling elite .
Despite warnings from civil society groups that Déby 's regime was incapable of effectively managing a sudden inflow of petrodollars , the World Bank agreed to part - finance the construction of a 620 - mile , $ 4.2 bn pipeline linking landlocked Chad to terminals on Cameroon 's Atlantic coast .
Its support added crucial credibility to what was at the time the largest ever private sector investment in sub-Saharan Africa - in one of the continent 's most unstable countries .
In return for the World Bank 's blessing , Chad 's government agreed to spend 72 % of oil royalties , expected to reach $ 1.4bn this year , on building schools , hospitals and roads .
A further 10 % was to have been held back for future generations .
The safeguards were considered crucial given that reserves are only expected to last 30 years ; the oil bonanza is Chad 's one chance at rapid development .
But although an independent oversight commission was set up to monitor spending , it was prevented from properly doing its work once the oil began to flow in 2003 .
The anti-poverty spending targets never came close to being met .
Déby repeatedly tried to renegotiate to allow the government to spend more oil money as it pleased .
He won some concessions from the World Bank in 2006 , and then sought to deflect domestic criticism of the lack of development by arguing that outsiders " had imposed injustice on us " .
Describing the government 's share of the revenue from the 170,000 barrels a day as " crumbs " , he temporarily expelled US company Chevron and Petronas , the Malaysian state - owned firm , which together with Exxon Mobil run most of the oil operations in Chad .
Over the past year , as Déby 's own future has looked increasingly insecure with rebels attacking the capital , he has signed decrees giving him greater personal control over the country 's finances .
A significant chunk of the oil revenue is believed to have been spent on the military .
While we are busy wondering why black rappers love the gangsterism that is doing more harm than good to the public image and the reputation of African - Americans , many other blacks were also busy looting shops and homes in New Orleans instead of helping their fellow humans as they were suffering and dying in the catastrophe of hurricane Katrina .
And I saw one of them even shamelessly laughing when the CNN reporter was telling him that looting was wrong .
I mean this gangling black guy with dreadlocks was not even feeling any guilt as he was stealing from those who were victims of the worst hurricane that the people of New Orleans have ever seen .
It was like hell broke loose and the demons descended on New Orleans in the mayhem of the horrific hurricane Katrina .
But , governor Kathleen Blanco of Louisiana has now wiped the smiles off the ugly faces of the looters as she ordered that looters should be shot .
Shoot - and - kill order in New OrleansBaton Rouge , Reuters / uni , pti:Former presidents Clinton and Bush Sr are going to lead a campaign to raise funds for relief and rehabilitation of hurricane victims .
Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco has warned rioters and looters in New Orleans that National Guard troops are under her orders to “ shoot and kill ” to end the rampant violence in the city in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
Announcing the arrival of 300 Arkansas National Guard troops in New Orleans fresh from service in Iraq on Thursday , Ms Blanco said , “ these troops are battle - tested .
They have M - 16s and are locked and loaded .
” “ These troops know how to shoot and kill and I expect they will , ” she said .
Before the troops headed toward the region , a mighty explosion rattled the outskirts of New Orleans and the ruined city ’s frayed nerves on Friday .
US Rep Charlie Melancon , a Democrat , said 100 people in his district southeast of New Orleans have died as a by - product of the violence that has gripped the city after Katrina slammed into the region on Monday , causing massive flooding .
Those who died , Melancon said , had been waiting at a warehouse pier along the Mississippi River in Chalmette , Louisiana , to be picked up for evacuation .
They had received little food and no water since Monday or Tuesday .
“ They were afraid they would have to go through New Orleans ( to deliver the supplies ) , ” Melancon said .
Adventure games have a very special place in my heart , particularly those made by Sierra .
Sure , the stuff from Lucasfilm Games might have wound up more popular in the end , but one of the first games to feature actual graphics that I ever played was King 's Quest II : Romancing the Throne .
I have a bit of a bias .
Sue me .
It is that same bias that makes me extremely happy to mention that the long - awaited remake of Quest for Glory II : Trial by Fire has been released .
AGD
Interactive , the group behind the highly awesome VGA re-imaginings of King 's Quest I & II , have announced that the five - year project of updating yet another adventure classic has come to an end and that the game is now available for download .
The Quest for Glory series is really unique in the genre of adventure games , in that it maintains a delicate balance between the standard puzzle - solving challenges and an RPG - like stat system .
These RPG elements were also reflected in your ability to merge a character from a previous game in the series to its sequel , effectively maintaining all your hard work across the entire five titles .
Known as much for its complex and serious storylines as pun-filled frivolity , they are some of the best games of their kind that I 've ever played .
Unlike the rest of the series , this second installment is the only one that was not given a graphical facelift and point - and - click interface by Sierra .
These features are now available in the AGD Interactive release of the game , along with new music and some minor gameplay improvements .
Best of all , it 's free , so you really have no excuse not to pick it up .
I really hope this release introduces some new people to the games because they really are exceptional .
They 've even included the ability to transfer your character to Quest for Glory III after you 've finished , so you can experience the entire series in the point - and - click style without sacraficing any progress .
Seriously , go download this thing right now .
Ron Paul , the Texas congressman who unsuccessfully sought the Republican nomination for president , has been said to resemble Gandalf , the magician from the movie version of " The Lord of the Rings . "
Republican officials seemed to make Paul 's supporters magically disappear during Wednesday night 's roll call vote , in which the GOP convention officially nominated John McCain as the party 's presidential candidate .
During the hour - and - a - half voting procedure , convention Secretary Jean Inman recorded each state 's votes .
Even though several states cast a portion of their votes for Ron Paul ( among them Alaska , Oregon , Washington and West Virginia ) , none of those votes were repeated aloud by the secretary , and therefore they were not confirmed by the chair .
According to the Oklahoman newspaper , two delegates from Oklahoma also cast their ballots for Paul , but the microphone was cut off before their votes could be recorded .
The result of the roll call vote -- before it was made unanimous by acclamation -- recorded five votes for Paul , while a news reporter counted at least 15 .
" There were several discrepancies , " said Drew Ivers , Paul 's delegate coordinator .
" The RNC was roughshod , a little careless .
They were n't as respectful as they could have been .
I do n't think that 's very professional , and it's not a good reflection .
" They had five ladies keeping the score , plus the chairman , so they had six people and still could n't get the numbers right . "
The convention did not reject all dissenters to McCain 's nomination .
Two votes that the Utah delegation cast for Mitt Romney , the former Massachusetts governor , were promptly repeated and recorded in the final tally .
-- Ole Jann
Photos : Supporters of Ron Paul , right , disappeared as if by the magic of Gandalf from " The Lord of the Rings , " played by Ian McKellen , left .
Credits : New Line Productions ; Todd Goodrich / Associated Press
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The US House of Representatives has voted down a $ 700 bn ( £ 380 bn ) plan aimed at bailing out Wall Street .
Republican whip Roy Blunt and Republican congressman Eric Cantor gave their reaction to the vote .
Among pathogens , viruses are unique in their collective ability to infect all types of organisms .
There are plant viruses , insect viruses , fungal viruses , and even viruses that infect only amoeba and bacteria .
Now a group of researchers at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique in France has made the startling discovery that even some viruses can have viruses .
In a paper in Nature last month , the group described how they identified a giant mimivirus in a cooling tower in France .
Mimiviruses are the largest viruses known to exist — so big they are visible under a normal optical microscope ( usually much higher resolution electron microscopes are needed to view them ) .
The new virus , large even by mimivirus standards , was appropriately named " mamavirus . "
In the same cooling tower , the French group also discovered a second , tiny virus that infects the giant mamavirus .
This they named " Sputnik . "
Sputnik is unusual because it is the first virus ever discovered that is a parasite of another virus .
When it reproduces in a cell infected by the larger virus , its action impairs the reproduction of mamavirus particles .
The group sequenced Sputnik 's genetic code and discovered that a number of its gene sequences are similar to those found in a massive survey of genetic material taken from oceans all over the globe .
This suggests that a whole class of viruses might exist that infect other viruses .
Moreover , the discovery rekindles the debate over whether viruses are alive .
Viruses are often not considered living organisms because they lack their own cellular structure and the ability to metabolize food — traits common to all known forms of life .
The ability of one virus to infect another calls into question the possibility that viruses should be considered forms of life — though this is no great revelation for some .
" For me it is does not change anything , " says Bernard Lascola , who was the first author on the paper .
" I always considered that viruses are alive . "
Video - Bird Flu : Will it Happen ?
Does a Virus Really Cause Cervical Cancer ?
The Invisible World : All About Microbes
Inside Science News Service is supported by the American Institute of Physics .
Greg Mankiw teaches the famous Economics 10 introductory course at Harvard and on Monday he wrote the following blog entry :
Today is the first day of Harvard ’s academic year , and the first day of a new year of ec 10 .
I will give the introductory lecture at noon .
I would like to thank all my friends on Wall Street for doing so much to spark interest in economic issues .
You have gone beyond the call of duty , and your timing could not have been better .
That is itself fairly droll , but what makes this ironic is that Mankiw did n’t mention that he was Chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers from 2003 - 2005 .
In other words , he had major responsibility for keeping the economy running smoothly during the build - up to the current crisis .
Jonathan Schwarz notes that Mankiw must be too modest to give himself the credit he deserves for sparking the current interest in economic issues .
Could the current melt - down on Wall Street just be an elaborate scheme to increase enrollment in Professor Mankiw ’s courses ?
All 118 Illinois House seats and 22 of 59 state Senate seats are on the ballot this fall .
But because 52 House and 11 Senate races are uncontested , a handful of competitive districts — largely in the suburbs — will determine whether Democrats lose or add to their veto - proof majorities in both chambers .
Democrats currently hold supermajorities of 74 - 44 in the House and 40 - 19 in the Senate , meaning Republicans would need a historic number of victories to take control of either chamber outright .
First , we should all recognize that the monetary use of gold is not without its flaws , no system can possibly be considered perfect due to the interactions of human beings and the unforeseen consequences of their actions .
However , the primary flaw with all fiat monetary systems is that they always fall into mismanagement and abuse by those who manage the system due to the nature of the system itself .
Every attempt at stabilizing fiat money is usually short - lived , because by its very nature the entire system must rely upon a consistent expansion of the money supply to continue economic growth .
This major flaw , combined with mismanagement , will always end in the destruction of the monetary system , there are no exceptions .
Now equally , a gold specie system , administered by a central bank or under the heavy control of the government is not much more successful than a fiat system because of the simple reason that it can easily be abandoned by a stroke of the pen .
The most successful monetary system would be one in which individual banks of issue not only had the fiduciary responsibility of good business practices , but also they would not have the ability to renege on the promises and demands of that responsibility to their depositors .
Not only would this provide a much longer stability of prices , but also , as witnessed in history , a much more stable economy .
It has empirically been shown that the tendency of inflation usually persist under all fiat monetary systems , but not under what could be considered a classical gold monetary system where , through private banking , the promises of redemption are enforced by the sheer demand of the public .
In order for the public to have confidence in such a system , it would , as always , have to have a credible commitment from the banks to maintain gold redemption of any bills of issue , and that any breach of this contract would not simply be dismissed as it appears under our current fiat monetary system .
Now , this does not preclude the fact that banks are businesses , and mismanaged businesses do fail and should always be allowed to fail .
That being said , such businesses should always provide for independent audits and publication of the findings of such audits to the public , especially to the depositors .
While I personally defend the use of gold as a monetary necessity , I do not defend it on purely ideological [ i.e. Constitutional ] grounds , but also on rational grounds as well .
It is a very rational monetary system ; it requires absolute responsibility on all parties , especially the government .
Unlike fiat money , gold is not , nor can it ever be an inherent liability ; by its very nature it is an asset .
Today , we are accustom to and therefore inclined to think of gold in terms of fiat evaluation .
We look at the fiat price of gold and therefore assume that it is the actual value of gold when it fact it is merely the fait price that reflects the inflated , therefore debased purchase value of our fiat currency .
Likewise , our entire economy is calculated in fiat terms , logically because at this time that is all we have , however , it is important to realize that the entire economy is based upon a debased evaluation .
In other words , the evaluation of our economy should be recognized in highly inflated terms , therefore the real economy minus this inflation is substantially less than it appears in the numbers .
I realize that is difficult for some to wrap their minds around , but if you view the economy in terms of a 1913 100 cent Dollar you will get the real economic evaluation .
The reason for this is that since our money has lost the majority of its economic purchase power over the last 95 years , the economic evaluation is based upon far less purchasing power per dollar of value .
Take , for instance , $ 1 Million Dollars in today 's fiat evaluation , under a 1913 , 100 cent Dollar evaluation that $ 1 Million Dollars would equate to only $ 45,007.36 [ * using government CPI figures ] .
As you can see , that is a massive denigration of the purchase value of our money over the last 95 years .
Real economic activity is distorted through the consistent long - term depreciation of the monetary system .
It should also be apparent , that under this long - term depreciation of the monetary standard , all economic contracts are also suffer from distortion , even future business projections suffer under the weigh of this distortion , thereby skewing any real possibility of accurate business models , especially when it comes to inventories , capital improvements , as well as profits and losses .
Now apply that same principle to the fiat price of gold which , at the moment is trading around $ 823.00 per ounce , in a 1913 100 cent Dollar , the price is $ 41.77 .
Once again , if we abandon the rose colored fiat glasses we see the truth behind the fiat system of serfdom , we are laboring for pennies .
The illusion of wealth is strong , especially in this country , but that is exactly what is provided by a fiat monetary system : an illusion .
As we have seen over the last several years , those who manage the fiat monetary system [ i.e. The Federal Reserve ] have succumbed to political pressures , even though the charter forbids such collusion .
The Federal Reserve
Act never really stopped the Fed from doing what they wanted anyway ; by 1922 the Fed began to monetize debt by forming what we now know as the Open Market Committee to purchase U.S. Treasuries though it was expressly forbidden to do so by the 1913 Act .
The political pressure to inflate , therefore to mismanage the system , has increased as politicians forget that there is no such thing as a free ride , even under the pennies from heaven system of fiat money .
The “ Piper ” will be paid !
Of course , as we have readily seen over the years , the average person is bombarded , via the media and the politicians , with the ideal that the problems associated with inflation are due to natural price increases .
It is far easier for them to place the blame on things outside of their immediate control then to confess that the real culprit is the monetary system imposed upon the People .
From the 1890's , there was a major push to substitute gold - bullion , and thus gold - exchange standards for the traditional gold coin standards which were far too restrictive on the government and the increasingly powerful bankers in this country .
It was extremely beneficial to both government and the bankers to extend and stretch their available gold reserves by any means possible .
The real push , of course , was to eliminate the restrictions that the old gold coin standards placed upon them , they wanted a free hand , and of course , as we know , they got exactly what they wanted at the expense of the People and the future welfare of this country .
As we know , by the late 1920s , the entire substrate that had been formed in the previous decades by the government and the inter- central banks , with their reckless issue of credit came crashing to the ground .
While there have always been those who blamed gold for the problems , the real issue behind the crash was how the banks economized the gold system and issued , with little restraint , easy credit policies .
It should be relatively obvious that when you have a managed fiat monetary system , and therefore a managed economy , the political forces will always pull or push monetary policy toward the interests with the strongest political connections , thus distorting the system even more .
These pressures , always politically motivated , will add a particular bias to all governmental monetary decisions made within the economy ; in doing so , the ideals of a representative government are effectively circumvented by the power of monetary policy and the consequences of that policy .
I believe it was Irving Fisher who stated : “ illusionary and tantamount to open approval of the government 's power to manipulate purchasing power according to the appetites of powerful pressure groups ” , nothing could be more factual than that statement .
There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that the creation of the fiat economic system was purely politically motivated to induce a social outcome through the transformation of economic life in this country .
The system was created to solely benefit those who created it and control it , for it provides no real benefits to the People themselves .
The system is , at its very heart , an attempt to defraud the People of this country of their Right to Private Property and their ability to gain wealth through honest means .
There was a time in our country when our money was our property .
It was more than just a medium of exchange or an economic instrument ; it was , in a very real sense , property .
When a man labored he received compensation in value equal to his work , his produce or his creativity ; the money he earned was his property , just as anything else he owned .
He could be assured that his money was a store of real value , he could spend it as he pleased , he could store in a bank , stuff it in his mattress or bury it in a mason jar in his back yard and it was no ones business but his own .
He could be confident in the value of his money , that he could dig that Mason jar from the ground years later and still have money that kept an equivalent value as when he buried it , it was real money , sound money and it was his private property .
He could be assured that his government could not confiscate it , track it or regulate it once it was in his hands ; it was real property , his property .
He need not worry about whether he carried a suitcase full of it from city to city , state to state or country to country because it was , without any equivocation , his property to do with what he wanted .
That all changed in 1933 , when FDR issued the Executive Order No. 6102 that proclaimed the hoarding of gold and silver by the People [ he called them subjects of the United States ] “ posed a threat to the peace , equal justice , and well - being of the United States ; and that appropriate measures must be taken immediately to protect the interests of our people .
Therefore , pursuant to the above authority , I hereby proclaim that such old and silver holdings are prohibited , and that all such coin , bullion or other possessions of gold and silver be tendered within fourteen days to agents of the Government of the United States for compensation at the official price , in the legal tender of the Government .
All safe deposit boxes in the banks or financial institutions have been sealed , pending action in the due course of the law .
All sales or purchases or movements of such gold and silver within the borders of the United States and its territories , and all foreign exchange transactions or movements of such metals across the border are herby prohibited .
Your possession of these proscribed metals and / or your maintenance of a safe - deposit box to store them is known to the Government from bank and insurance records .
Therefore , be advised that your vault box must remain sealed , and may only be opened in the presence of an agent of The Internal Revenue Service .
By lawful Order given this day ,
The President of the United States . ”
What an amazing decree , it totally and completely destroyed the Constitutional Rights of the People concerning private property , as well as protection against search and seizure .
Of course , following that un-Constitutional and criminal act , the official currency was devalued by 40 % and the official price of gold was then revalued upward .
Thus the enslavement of the American People that was planned in 1913 , had effective been implemented by 1933 .
The People had no choice in the matter , no redress whatsoever , they were required , by “ law ” to exchange their real money for a devalued sum of paper money whether they like it or not .
Now , it should not be surprising to anyone that if the government is powerful enough to take one penny from you they can take absolutely everything from you .
Dr. Paul stated that : “ If it gets bad enough , they 'll declare a national economic emergency .
They 'll take over the banks , all business and industry .
They may even try to confiscate our gold
The power to confiscate gold is still on the books as the law of the land .
I urged the full commission to recommend Congress repeal the power to confiscate gold in an economic emergency .
We pushed it to a vote and I was the only one that voted to recommend to Congress that we never again contemplate taking the gold of the American People .
The fifteen other members voted it down .
The power is still there on the books , and they can do it anytime they wish . ”
In our Constitutional Republic , the Founders were well aware of the potential dangers involving the nation 's currency and with that knowledge they gave us with some extremely strong admonitions concerning the value of money as property .
They had experienced the results of unsound money and knew that monetary instability would not only threaten the nation 's economic freedom , but all freedoms and liberties enjoyed by the people .
In the preliminary draft of our Constitution the following words were considered : “ To borrow money and emit bills [ fiat currency ] on the credit of the United States . ”
The wording however , was struck from the final document and for good reason .
Due to the Founders knowledge of history and even their experience with the “ Continentals ” , they knew the danger that emitting such bills posed to the nation and the value of the monetary property of the People .
Indeed , it was more than just the monetary property Rights , but all Rights of the People that concerned the Founders ; for they were aware that if the monetary system was ever corrupted that the entire system could be corrupted .
In fact , there were some in the Constitutional Convention that believed that it would be better to discard the entire Constitution instead of allowing “ and emit bills ” to remain .
The passion concerning the ability of Congress to “ emit bills ” was so powerful because the Founders knew that such ability had the potential to undermine the Republic .
The cardinal rule of money as real property is essential for a Free People ; absent that cardinal rule the government assumes powers that will always infringe upon the Rights of the People .
As we have seen , when money is little more than an impotent instrument of exchange , monopolized and regulated by the government then the government is ; apparently , free to treat it as such .
The government can debase it , confiscate it , control it , track it and basically manipulate it to benefit any agenda it pleases .
Is it any wonder why the Founders were so concerned about taxation without representation ?
Such taxation allowed the King 's government to tax the fruit of the people 's labor indiscriminately .
It totally ignored their property rights and amounted to open robbery of the people 's private property .
Today , we have the semblance of representation , but in reality those we elect rarely consider our consent when crafting legislation .
Perhaps if we actually considered what has taken place over the last century we would once again raise our arms in revolution and cast out those who should be considered nothing more than common criminals acting for their own benefit instead of that of the people .
Through the years our financial privacy has been invaded through a system that has completely eliminated not only the property rights of our money , but also the value of our money and indeed the essence of our money itself has been detrimentally altered .
Today , our money has been transformed , by certain factions in both the banking cartel and government , as an instrument of a government .
A government that no longer places value upon the Rights of the People to keep their property and to use that property in ways that should be considered private and inviolate is a government operating outside the Consent of the People and the Law of the Land .
Along with the Central Bankers , such a government seeks to use unsound money for purposes other than the real benefit of the People .
This government began to follow the path toward unsound money the moment it bowed down to the power of the bankers by passing the Federal Reserve Act in 1913 .
Since that time we have witnessed some of the most heinous acts against the People and their property in the history of this nation .
Under the watch of the Federal Reserve , this country and its people suffered numerous depressions and recessions , including the Great Depression .
These financial crises served the bankers and the government well , it provided opportunities to both bankers and the government unparallel in our nations history .
The scope and power of the government was immensely expanded in the wake of the Great Depression and although the Federal Reserve was intended to avert such economic panics , it was the major contributor to that economic catastrophe and , indeed , as it turns out , a prime beneficiary of the economic disaster .
During the Great Depression there was a tremendous amount of wealth that was transferred into the hands of not only the Central Bankers , but into the coffers of the government itself .
The Great Depression provided the government with an opportunity never before seen in this country 's history ; the Crash of 29 and the ensuing depression followed the natural progression of monetary debasement and control .
It also proved to be the impetus for the destruction of the property rights associated with money .
It gave the government “ claim ” over the people 's money , making it nearly impossible for a man to control or maintain his money as private property .
FDR 's confiscation of gold and the government 's decision to renege on its promise to redeem its Liberty Bonds and other government obligations marked the beginning of the end of private money property in this country ; it also marked the end of the full faith of the United States government .
By 1971 , the goal of destroying private money , and the rights associated with it , was completed when the government quietly achieved a total fiat currency coup d'etat and their banking partners , the Federal Reserve now had free - reign to control the monetary interests of this nation through a complete monopoly .
This effectively ended all property rights the people retained in their money .
Since that time , we have witnessed a drastic confiscation of the wealth of this nation by the government and its banking cartel .
This confiscation is hidden from the masses of people and takes the form of inflation , draining away the purchasing power of the nation 's money and the ability of the majority of the people to maintain a stable livelihood .
Alan Greenspan once said : “ In the absence of the gold standard , there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation . ”
He should know , for under his tenure at the Federal Reserve , the people of this country have been victimized and seen their wealth robbed through that insidious form of theft called inflation .
We have seen our standard of living stolen from us and with the complicity of our own government we have witnessed the demise of our property rights , and indeed all our rights .
The fruit of our labors are being siphoned off by those who are no longer worthy of being called our Representative Government , they have long ago abandoned good government for abusive powers and what amounts to little more than blatant highway robbery .
They have replaced our Liberty and Rights with something that is totally contingent upon our compliance under the illusion of freedom .
They have transformed this nation from one of producers , manufacturers and good labor into a debt - dependent serfdom created to increase their own real wealth and powers while reducing the actual standard of living for millions of hard - working Americans .
How many times did our Founders clearly warn us of the potential for deceit and corruption associated with the unsound money , but through trickery and overt deception this nation was lead down a path that will , ultimately , prove its undoing ?
The Father of the Constitution , James Madison stated that unsound fiat money would destroy the necessary confidence between man and man , in public councils , industry , the moral standing of the people and the complete character of the republican government .
The last century saw a progressive disregard for the Constitution and authority , in many cases it is simply ignored by government .
Such disregard should not be considered anything less than criminal , a breach of contract between the government and those who have consented to be governed under that agreement .
The people must come to understand that one of their fundamental rights is that of money property and the only way to have money property is for money to be a sound store of value , untouchable by government , separated from the influences of a monopolistic Central Bank , free of the threat of confiscation or undue taxation without appropriate Constitutional Representation .
It is a Right that must be restored to the People , without such restoration there is little hope of us maintaining the few vestiges of freedom left to this People .
We stand at a time when this nation will face a great turmoil ; the next few years will determine the future of our nation .
The Right of Money Property is a revolutionary right ; it stands as a bulwark against those who would assume authority over us and our future .
The Right to produce , to labor in exchange of just and sound compensation without the interference of government or the overt monopolistic control of the Central Bankers is essential for a good and prosperous future .
We must repudiate all extra and un-Constitutional usurpations and hold those within government accountable for such crimes .
The People must once again take an offensive stance against all those within and without the government who continue to seek to overthrow the remaining remnants of our Constitutional Republic .
Our call to sacrifice is no less vital as that of our Founders , our call to defend this Constitutional Republic is no less essential for the survival of this nation .
I leave you with these words :
“ When in the Course of human events , it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another , and to assume among the powers of the earth , the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature 's God entitle them , a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation .
We hold these truths to be self - evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness .
– That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed , – That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new Government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness .
Prudence , indeed , will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes ; and accordingly all experience hath shewn , that mankind are more disposed to suffer , while evils are sufferable , than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed .
But when a long train of abuses and usurpations , pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism , it is their right , it is their duty , to throw off such Government , and to provide new Guards for their future security . ”
In Liberty and Eternal Vigilance ,
Republicae - Seditionist
Eaglemouth tortoise found in east China fish pond
( CRIENGLISH.com )
Updated : 2008-09-16 10:53
An Eaglemouth tortoise with an odd appearance --- large head and spiked shell , was caught by local fishermen after it was spotted in a fish pond on September 14th , the " Yangtze Evening News " reported .
Villagers compare a common tortoise with an unusual looking Eaglemouth tortoise in this photo published on September 14 , 2008 .
[ Yangtze Evening News ]
The tortoise is 80 centimeters long and weighs over 11 kilograms .
It has six pairs of spikes on its shell and has been estimated to be over 500 years old .
It was spotted by the owner of a local fish pond near the levee of the Yangtze River .
The tortoise is very aggressive and will attack anybody who comes close .
It was eventually caught from behind , a direction its powerful bite could not reach .
The fish pond owner believes the tortoise crossed the levee when the Yangtze River was on the rise days ago .
An expert said the fresh water tortoise is known as an Eaglemouth and is native to China .
The species was long thought to be extinct due to over fishing .
It is now a state protected animal .
Lakewood Police Officer Dustin Carrell stopped traffic on westbound SR - 512 Monday morning near I - 5 to help a mother duck and her ducklings safely cross the road
Initially , in January 2010 , one hundred cars in each area will trial the new technology – in many cases entailing placing black boxes to allow their movements to be tracked - but members of the public will be invited to join the pilots in June 2010 .
Not a coincidence :
The day before Apple is expected to update its iPods , Microsoft ( MSFT ) is reminding the world that the Zune still exists , via a handful of new features .
These include the ability to buy music over wi-fi , a new feature that lets you buy songs you hear on FM radio , casual games , and some music recommendation features -- which Apple 's iTunes / iPods could also be getting tomorrow .
We also hear that Microsoft will be lowering the price of its Zune Pass subscription service -- from $ 14.99 / month -- sooner than later .
These are nice add - ons that should make existing Zune owners happy .
But last we checked , you do n't buy an MP3 player because it 'll let you buy songs from FM radio or because it 'll recommend music to you .
So these new features should n't do much to disrupt Apple 's ( AAPL ) market dominance .
Meanwhile , we see nothing new as far as the Zune 's " social " features go -- sharing music between devices , etc. -- the features that were supposed to set the Zune apart from the iPod in the first place .
See Also :
Your Picks For Apple 's " Let's Rock " Event : New iPod Nano , Cheaper Touch , iTunes 8
Early Q4 Apple Mac , iPod Sales Estimates Beating Expectations
Microsoft's Zune Adds NBC Shows , Other Features ; Still Unable To Combat Fierce Apathy
Exxon has already paid $ 19.828 billion in income taxes for 2008 (
data here
) , and will probably pay almost $ 40 billion in income taxes this year ( see graph above , income tax data for 1999 - 2007 taken from Exxon 's annual reports ) .
To put $ 40 billion of income taxes in perspective , it can be reasonably estimated that Exxon will pay more in income taxes this year ( both here and outside the U.S. ) than the entire bottom 50 % of American individual taxpayers ( about 67 million ) will pay in income taxes this year .
Using IRS tax data through 2005 ( in Table 6 ,
data here
) , and making reasonable projections for tax payments in 2006 , 2007 and 2008 , the bottom 50 % of taxpayers will pay an estimated $ 34 billion in income taxes this year , and it will probably be the first time in U.S. history that a single corporation paid more in income taxes than the entire bottom 50 % of U.S. taxpayers .
Update 1 : Of course , corporations do n't actually pay taxes , they collect them , in the form of higher prices for consumers , lower wages for employees and / or lower dividends for shareholders .
In other words , people pay all taxes in their roles as consumers , workers and shareholders .
We admire whales as much as anyone .
But with all respect to the artist currently known as Wyland , there are other airbrush wielders who can produce a respectable image of a cetacean ’s flukes among the waves .
Now that the Laguna Beach muralist has revoked California ’s right to use his artwork on a license plate , the state should happily swim off in a new direction .
The deal under which the one - name artist ’s whale - tail design was donated to adorn more than 125,000 specialty plates smacks more of surfer - dude thinking than legal smarts .
Wyland , after all , has made a worldwide splash and a lot of money with his airbrushed renderings of idealized marine life , and California is , well , California .
Would n’t you think the two powerhouses could have come up with a more solid agreement 14 years ago than an oral understanding that , it turns out , was n’t an understanding at all ?
The higher fees for specialty plates in California go to support various organizations .
In the case of the popular Wyland plates , a third of the money goes to the state Coastal Commission and the rest to other environmental groups .
But Wyland has his own nonprofit foundation and wanted 20 % of the state ’s profits from his plates -- about $ 700,000 a year -- donated to it .
He worked out a similar deal , for 10 % , with Florida , but for California , this is a load of blubber .
The Wyland plates have been prettifying cars for years , but the state Department of Motor Vehicles is n’t a marketing tool for any individual ’s ventures , for profit or not .
No commissions in return for the use of intellectual property .
Advertisement
“ The whale tail is my art and my idea , ” Wyland spouted off to The Times .
“ I ’m sticking up for artists ’ rights , for the common person . ”
Not that common people generally travel the world painting gigantic cetacean murals , but we get the concept .
Wyland ’s donation of the license plate design , however temporary , was a terrific gift -- for the state , its drivers and for him .
He ’s had thousands of free mini-billboards all over the freeways this last decade .
Now that he ’s bowed out , the state has an opportunity to showcase a new artist .
So here ’s an idea to help the art world , education and the environment all at once :
Hold a competition among California ’s art students for a new ocean plate , with a $ 10,000 scholarship for the winner .
And this time , make sure the kid signs a written agreement .
Sammy Wilson 's view on climate change has angered environmentalists
The Environment Minister Sammy Wilson has angered green campaigners by describing their view on climate change as a " hysterical pseudo - religion " .
In an article in the News Letter , Mr Wilson said he believed it occurred naturally and was not man-made .
" Resources should be used to adapt to the consequences of climate change , rather than King Canute - style vainly trying to stop it , " said the minister .
Peter Doran of the Green Party said it was a " deeply irresponsible message " .
Mr Wilson said he refused to " blindly accept " the need to make significant changes to the economy to stop climate change .
" The tactic used by the ' green gang ' is to label anyone who dares disagree with their view of climate change as some kind of nutcase who denies scientific fact , " he said .
The minister said he accepted climate change can occur , but did not believe the cause had been identified .
" Reasoned debate must replace the scaremongering of the green climate alarmists . "
John Woods of Friends of the Earth said Mr Wilson was " like a cigarette salesman denying that smoking causes cancer " .
" Ironically , if we listen to him Northern Ireland will suffer economically as we are left behind by smarter regions who are embracing the low carbon economy of the future . "
It is the latest clash between Mr Wilson and green groups since his appointment as environment minister in June .
I ’m giving a talk at Austin on Rails next Tuesday on applying the 14 rules of high - performance websites in the typical rails mongrel / nginx stack , the main idea being to focus on some of the important implementation details when it comes to client - side performance optimization .
As I was planning , I realized that there was no simple as in the we ’re - all - spoiled - with - rails simple way to measure client download times in production .
Now , there is clientperf .
It ’s just a start , but decent enough to benchmark the actual client performance impact of any optimizations you make :
How it works
It injects javascript into the page that takes a timestamp at the top of the page and at the bottom of the page .
Once the browser is done downloading , evaluating and rendering all assets , clientperf makes one last image request to your server with the start time , end time and the URL .
Piece of cake .
How to install
gem install clientperf
clientperf / path/ to/rails/app
rake db: migrate
and that ’s it !
Source
http://github.com/efalcao/clientperf
Thanks
Thanks to Howard Rauscher for the javascript .
Thanks to FiveRuns dev team for helping me learn neat things .
Enjoy and please let me know about bugs .
Keep
It is a notebook , scrapbook and organizer , ideal for writing notes , keeping web links , storing documents , images or any kind of file , and finding them again .
Available on Mac , and as a separate app for iPhone and iPad , Keep
It is the destination for all those things you want to put somewhere , confident you will find them again later .
a free way to make and host your own web mixtape
PROJECT CURRENTLY NOT MAINTAINED
What is it ?
Opentape is a free , open - source package that lets you make and host your own mixtapes on the web .
Upload songs ( via web or FTP ) , reorder , rename , customize the style , and share what you like on other sites with an embeddable player .
Why ?
Sharing your musical taste on the web should be fun and easy .
We believe there is no reason it has to stop with the shutdown of a single site , so we 've created a free tool to make this possible .
Opentape 's creation and design are inspired by Muxtape 's success and sleek interface .
We were disappointed with its untimely shutdown and wanted the web mixtape movement to continue .
We 've built Opentape from the ground up
The only element borrowed from Muxtape ’s publicly available UI code is the song rearrange tool .
( If you 'd like to help us rewrite this contact us ) .
Can I help ?
The future of Opentape 's success and development is in the hands of the community .
We are looking for skilled PHP5 , Javascript ( mootools / prototype/etc ) and Flash developers to make Opentape even better .
Email opentape@gmail.com if that 's you and you want to help .
Today , after 4 years and 5 months of work , we are pleased to announce the release of the Xfce desktop 4.14 , a new stable version that supersedes Xfce 4.12 .
In this 4.14 cycle the main goal was to port all core components to Gtk3 ( over Gtk2 ) and GDBus ( over D - Bus GLib ) .
Most components also received GObject Introspection support .
Along the way we ended up polishing our user experience , introducing quite a few new features and improvements ( read below ) and fixings a boatload of bugs ( read changelog ) .
The main highlights of this release are :
The window manager received a slew of updates and features , including support for VSync ( using either Present or OpenGL as backend ) to reduce or remove display flickering , HiDPI support , improved GLX support with NVIDIA proprietary / closed source drivers , support for XInput2 , various compositor improvements and a new default theme .
The panel got support for RandR 's primary monitor feature , improved window grouping in the tasklist plugin ( better UX , visual group indicator etc ) , a per-panel “ icon - size ” setting , a new default clock format and clock format evaluator as well as an improved default panel layout .
The desktop now has support for RandR 's primary monitor feature , an orientation option for icon arrangement , a “ Next Background ” context menu option to advance the wallpaper and it now syncs the user 's wallpaper selection to AccountsService .
A completely new settings dialog to manage color profiles has been created .
For most users this means out of the box support for color - managed printing ( through cupsd ) and scanning ( through saned ) .
For monitor profiles you will have to install an additional service like xiccd .
The display dialog received a lot of attention during this cycle and a big feature : Users are now able to save and ( automatically ) restore complete multi-display configurations , which is especially helpful for those who frequently connect their laptop to varying docking stations or setups .
Furthermore a lot of time was spent on making the user interface more intuitive and a hidden option was added to support RandR display scaling ( configured via Xfconf ) .
We added an option to enable Gtk window scaling to the appearance dialog and a monospace font option as well .
However we had to drop theme previews as they did n't produce consistent results with Gtk3 .
While we decided to drop splash screens from the session manager , we added lots of features and fixes instead .
Among them are hybrid sleep support , improvements to the default session startup avoiding race conditions , a feature to add and edit autostart entries , a switch user button in the logout dialog and improved session chooser and settings dialogs ( the latter with a new tab that shows saved sessions ) .
Furthermore you can now run commands not only " autostart style " at login time , but also when your computer suspends , logs out etc .
Finally Gtk applications are now session - managed over DBus and screensavers are also communicated with ( e.g. inhibited ) over DBus .
As always , Thunar - our file manager - received a lot of features and fixes .
Among the visible changes are the completely reworked pathbar , support for larger thumbnails as well as support for a " folder.jpg " file altering the folder 's icon ( e.g. for music album covers ) .
Power users will also notice the improved keyboard navigation ( zooming , tab navigation ) .
Thunar 's volume manager has gained Bluray support .
Our thumbnailing service tumbler received a lot of fixes and support for the Fujifilm RAF format .
The application finder can now optionally be opened as a single window and can now be more easily navigated with the keyboard only .
The power manager received a lot of bugfixes and some smaller features , including support for the XF86 Battery button and for the newly created xfce4 - screensaver .
The panel plugin also saw several improvements : it can now optionally show the remaining time and / or percentage and it now relies on UPower 's standard icon names to work with more icon themes out of the box .
With LXDE moving on to a QT base the LXDE panel plugin was dropped .
A lot of applications and plugins that are part of the Xfce eco-system - often dubbed " goodies " - are part of what makes Xfce great .
A lot of those have also seen important changes along the timeline of the 4.14 release .
To highlight a few :
Our notification service has gained support for persistence - in other words : notification logging - and a " Do Not Disturb " mode , which suppresses all notifications .
A new panel plugin was created that shows missed notifications ( especially helpful during " Do Not Disturb " mode ) and gives quick access to toggling " Do Not Disturb " mode .
Finally support for showing notifications on RandR 's primary monitor was added .
Our media player Parole received improved support for network streams and podcasts , as well as a new " mini mode " and automatic choosing of the best available video backend .
Furthermore it also inhibits both screensavers and power managers during video playback now , making sure users do n't have to go wiggle their mouse periodically while enjoying a movie .
Our image viewer Ristretto has seen various user interface improvements and support for setting the desktop wallpaper .
It has recently also seen its first Gtk3 - based development release .
The screenshooter now allows users to move the selection rectangle and at the same time displays its width and height .
The imgur upload dialog was revamped and the command line allows for more flexibility .
Our clipboard manager now has improved keyboard shortcut support ( through a port to GtkApplication ) , improved and more consistent icon sizing as well as a new application icon .
The pulseaudio panel plugin received MPRIS2 support to be able to remotely control media players and desktop - wide multimedia key support , essentially rendering xfce4 - volumed - pulse a superfluous additional daemon .
And finally the terminal emulator saw a huge amount of bug fixes and improvements since Xfce 4.12 .
There is also a group of new projects that have become part of our project .
Say hi to :
We finally have our own screensaver ( yes - we realize it 's 2019 ; ) ) .
With lots of features and tight Xfce integration ( obviously ) it is a great addition to our catalog .
The status notifier panel plugin provides a next - generation system tray where applications can show indicators .
It supersedes the Ubuntu- centric xfce4 - indicator - plugin for most application indicators .
Catfish file search is like an old friend for most Xfce users - now it 's officially part of Xfce !
Finally Panel Profiles , which allows you to backup and restore your panel layouts , has moved under the Xfce umbrella .
As always it 's also time to say goodbye to some older unmaintained or deprecated projects .
( Luckily our projects only go to the attic aka the archive on gitlab .xfce.org when they die . )
With a salty teardrop of sadness we bid farewell to :
garcon - vala , gtk - xfce - engine , pyxfce , thunar - actions - plugin , xfbib , xfc , xfce4 - kbdleds - plugin , xfce4 - mm , xfce4 - taskbar - plugin , xfce4 - windowlist - plugin , xfce4 - wmdock - plugin and xfswitch - plugin
An online tour of the changes in Xfce 4.14 can be viewed here :
https://xfce.org/about/tour
A detailed overview of the changes between Xfce 4.12 and Xfce 4.14 releases can be found on the following page :
https://xfce.org/download/changelogs
This release can be downloaded either as a set of individual packages or as a single fat tarball including all these individual versions :
http://archive.xfce.org/xfce/4.14
Best regards ,
The Xfce development team
Search engine Cuil launched earlier this evening , claiming a bigger index size ( 120 billion web pages ) than Google or any other search engine .
The pedigree of the founders and execs , which includes three ex senior Googlers , means the service will be compared to Google from day one .
And the way they will be compared is index size and , more importantly , relevance / ranking of results .
We ’ve been testing the engine for the last hour .
Based on our test queries Cuil is an excellent search engine , particularly since it is all of an hour old .
But it does n’t appear to have the depth of results that Google has , despite their claims .
And the results are not nearly as relevant .
A search for Dog returns 280 million results on Cuil and 498 million on Google .
Judging relevance of results is subjective , but Google returns Wikipedia as the first result , then dog.com .
Cuil returns Dog.com , wikipedia is n’t listed on the first page of results .
Both are meaningful results , but Google is better .
More searches , Cuil v. Google : Apple ( 83 m v. 571 million ) – neither mention the fruit .
France ( 102 m v. 1.5 billion ) – Cuil ’s category refinement makes their results better for this query .
Stonehenge ( 800 k v. 8.5 million ) .
Silicon Valley ( 3.2 m v. 24 m ) .
Techcrunch ( 600 k v. 6.5 m ) .
Read
It seems pretty clear that Google ’s index of web pages is significantly larger than Cuil ’s unless we ’re randomly choosing the wrong queries .
Based on the queries above , Google is averaging nearly 10 x the number of results of Cuil .
And Cuil ’s ranking is n’t as good as Google ’s based on the pure results returned from both queries .
Where Cuil excels is with the related categories , which return results that are extremely relevant .
With Google , we ’ve all gotten used to trying a slightly different search to get the refined results we need .
Cuil does a good job of guessing what we ’ll want next and presents that in the top right widget .
That means Cuil saves time for more research based queries .
And I want to reemphasize that Cuil is only an hour old at this point , Google has had a decade to perfect their search engine .
Source – Techcrunch
What ’s so funny about Barack Obama ?
Apparently not very much , at least not yet .
On Monday , The New Yorker magazine tried dipping its toe into broad satire involving Senator Obama with a cover image depicting the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee and his wife , Michelle , as fist - bumping , flag - burning , bin Laden - loving terrorists in the Oval Office .
The response from both Democrats and Republicans was explosive .
Comedy has been no easier for the phalanx of late - night television hosts who depend on skewering political leaders for a healthy quotient of their nightly monologues .
Jay Leno , David Letterman , Conan O’Brien and others have delivered a nightly stream of jokes about the Republican running for president — each one a variant on the same theme : John McCain is old .
But there has been little humor about Mr. Obama : about his age , his speaking ability , his intelligence , his family , his physique .
And within a late - night landscape dominated by white hosts , white writers , and overwhelmingly white audiences , there has been almost none about his race .
“ We ’re doing jokes about people in his orbit , not really about him , ” said Mike Sweeney , the head writer for Mr. O’Brien on “ Late Night . ”
The jokes will come , representatives of the late - night shows said , when Mr. Obama does or says something that defines him — in comedy terms .
“ Hey , listen ! ”
Before you look for Navi ’s flitting form ( probably to smash her to smithereens ) , you actually do want to listen .
If you ’re a gamer in 2018 , you ’re in for some new and exciting video game trends .
From the trickle - down effect of Fortnite to the still - popular vestigates of Pokemon GO ! , gamers in 2018 have a lot to look forward to .
And , even better , companies are responding to our cries of fury , impatience , and gratitude .
Curious what ’s popping and what ’s fizzling out ?
We ’re here to tell you .
The 7 Top Video Game Trends of 2018
As technology progresses , so does the gaming industry and gamers ’ expectations .
Here ’s what ’s coming your way .
1. Esports
Forget watching college football .
Try League of Legends and the like .
The past few years have seen an explosive growth in the esports industry .
Some experts anticipate the sector will grow by 38 % from 2017 to 2018 , leading to a whopping $ 905 million in revenue .
2. Battle Royale
Given the recent popularity of Fortnite , it comes as no surprise that we ’re expecting a huge surge on the battle royale forefront .
Throwing hundreds of players into a world , then shrinking the safe zone until only a few remain ?
What ’s not to like ?
3. Fewer Pay - to - Win
Star Wars Battlefront II .
If you ’ve been up to date on the microtransactions and loot - box controversy , we need say no more .
There ’s nothing more frustrating to a talented gamer than video games that give paying players a huge one - up .
In response to the disgruntled community of players tired of gaming companies “ encouraging ” real - money spending in - game , many developers are shying away from this trend .
4. Minecraft Is n’t Going Anywhere
Some gamers just do n’t get it , but even we ca n’t deny it ’s still popular .
And growing .
The monthly player count was at almost 75 million at the start of 2018 .
From 2017 , the game snatched up an additional 20 million players .
That ’s more than the populations of France , the UK , and Italy .
Sure , it does n’t look pretty , but the creation options are endlessly enticing and offer opportunities for sharing .
Just take a look at this Minecraft Seed List to see what we mean .
5. Regular Console Upgrades
By “ regular ” we mean companies are abandoning the seven - year - cycles .
Since technology and software are taking off so quickly , it ’s a no- brainer that companies would start producing more models with incremental changes .
X - Box and Sony , for instance , are offering newer models with better solutions for 4 K resolution and HMD .
These consoles help players utilize up - to - date technology , especially where their smartphones are concerned .
6. Augmented Reality
Virtual reality might be the next big thing . . . but not yet .
It still has a long way to go and a lot of hurdles to tackle .
Augmented reality , however , continues to take off .
After Pokemon GO , video game companies scrambled to get in on the hype .
AR offers an immersive experience with fewer obstacles that VR .
Furthermore , it ’s a lot more accessible .
Practically every smartphone has AR capabilities .
This year might not see it take off like Mario being shot out of a cannon , but it will continue to grow .
7. Mobile - Cross Platforms
Speaking of phones . . .
Everyone wants to take their goodies with them when they travel , and that includes games .
However , lugging your gaming PC or console across the country is n’t the most convenient thing , which is why more companies are turning to mobile - cross platforms .
Ready to PWN ?
This year is bringing some exciting new video game trends to the party while older inclinations sit on the back burner .
If you ’re interested in tech , read all about the latest news and advancements at our site .
And if you , like us , are waiting impatiently for the Final Fantasy VII remake , you might want to read our article .
( Spoiler alert : we ’ll probably be waiting awhile . )
Dear CEOs of U.S. airlines :
I want to say thanks for the July 10 email you sent to all your customers seeking to explain why today 's air travel experience is so painful .
The letter , signed by 12 of you , explained that " oil speculators " -- presumably by betting on future oil prices -- are killing your industry and thus requested that I , as a consumer , pressure Congress to rein in this " unchecked " market " manipulation . "
I ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A videotape of a detainee being questioned at the US prison camp in Guantanamo Bay has been released for the first time .
It shows 16 - year - old Omar Khadr being asked by Canadian officials in 2003 about events leading up to his capture by US forces , Canadian media have said .
The Canadian citizen is accused of throwing a grenade that killed a US soldier in Afghanistan in 2002 .
He is seen in a distressed state and complaining about the medical care .
The footage was made public by Mr Khadr 's lawyers following a Supreme Court ruling in May that the Canadian authorities had to hand over key evidence against him to allow a full defence of the charges he is facing .
One of those lawyers , Dennis Edney , told the BBC his client was seen in a distressed state because he had been " abused " by his American guards .
" He was deprived of sleep by being removed from his cell and to another cell every three hours on a 24 - hour basis for three weeks solid , followed by three weeks of deep solitary confinement , " Mr Edney told the BBC .
Uncontrollable sobbing Mr Khadr , the only Westerner still held at the jail , was 15 when he was captured by US forces during a gun battle at a suspected al - Qaeda camp in Afghanistan .
During the 10 - minute video of his questioning in Guantanamo a year later , he can be seen crying , his face buried in his hands , pulling at his hair and repeatedly chanting .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
At one point he lifts his orange shirt to show the foreign ministry official and agents from the Canadian Security Intelligence Service ( CSIS ) wounds on his back and stomach which he says he sustained in Afghanistan .
" I 'm not a doctor , but I think you 're getting good medical care , " one of the officials responds .
Mr Khadr says : " No I 'm not .
You 're not here ...
I lost my eyes .
I lost my feet .
Everything ! " in reference to how his vision and physical health were affected .
" No , you still have your eyes and your feet are still at the end of your legs , you know , " a man says .
Sobbing uncontrollably , Mr Khadr tells the officials several times : " You do n't care about me . "
In an accompanying classified document describing the interrogation , Mr Khadr also says he was tortured while being held at the US military detention centre at Bagram air base in Afghanistan , and that everything he had said previously was a " lie " because of the " torture " .
Public outcry ?
The White House maintains that the US has treated all detainees held at Guantanamo in a humane way .
Q&A : Military tribunals Canada gets Guantanamo insight
The Bush administration argues that it needs flexibility and those it calls terrorists cannot be treated as if they are simply criminal defendants .
But one of Mr Khadr 's lawyers , Dennis Edney , said he hoped the video would cause an outcry in Canada and pressure Prime Minister Stephen Harper to demand that the US does not prosecute their client .
" I hope Canadians will be outraged to see the callous and disgraceful treatment of a Canadian youth , " Mr Edney told the Toronto Star .
" Canadians should demand to know why they 've been lied to . "
Mr Harper reiterated last week that he would not interfere in Mr Khadr 's military tribunal , due to begin at Guantanamo on 8 October .
The human rights group Amnesty International described the video as " disturbing " .
" We 've always said that anyone suspected of involvement in international terrorism should be brought to justice , but what we see on this video is a travesty of justice , " said Amnesty International UK's Sara Mac Neice .
She added that the US should abandon its attempt to put Guantanamo prisoners in front of what she called " unfair military commission trials " , instead allowing them " proper civilian trials in appropriate safe countries " .
Mr Khadr , now 21 , faces multiple terrorism - related charges , the most serious of which is murder .
He faces up to life in prison if convicted .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By By Can Tran Jun 17 , 2008 in Politics
A new poll has come in that had gauged the enthusiasm of voters for the 2008 US Presidential race between Barack Obama for the Democrats and John McCain for the GOP .
This recent poll result is quite interesting .
A recent CNN / Opinion Research Corp poll has revealed that there is a huge gap in levels of morale between the Democrats and Republicans .
About 67 percent of Obama supporters are excited about voting this November .
It eclipses the 34 percent of McCain supporters that are excited about voting this November .
Like a recent Gallup Poll , this poll shows that most voters believe that Obama will win the presidency .
However , there is a sampling error of 5 points in this poll .
This is significantly different from the 2004 elections between current US President George W. Bush and then - Democratic nominee Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts .
While 66 percent of supporters were excited about Bush , 65 percent of supporters were excited about Kerry .
But the low results for McCain are understandable .
Many have felt frustrated after eight years of Bush ’s presidency .
The GOP is struggling to repair its tarnished image .
When Obama introduced the message of “ change , ” many had come up with their own versions .
McCain had called himself the candidate of “ right change . ”
The House GOP had launched the message of “ change you deserve . ”
This is one core disadvantage that McCain must deal with .
He also shares many of the same policies with Bush .
However , McCain is trying to distance himself from Bush as well .
“ Brazile adds that McCain is tasked to show that he ’s different from Bush .
In that respect , Brazile said : “ He will have to take time to distance himself , to defend his record and to show the American people that he will not represent a third term of George Bush and Dick Cheney . ”
According to Cybercast News Service ’s editor - in- chief , Terry Jeffrey , Bush is the main reason that McCain has the disadvantage .
Jeffrey said that Bush will be a vital threat for McCain .
Many in the GOP such as McCain are distancing themselves from Bush .
However , they still need Bush ’s fund raising prowess .
Recently , many of Bush ’s former donors have instead supported Obama ’s run for the presidency .
Jeffrey also adds that McCain is already out of the game with three strikes going against him .
He explains the main strikes are : the economy such as $ 4 per gallon of gas , Iraq , and the unpopularity level of Bush .
Many have cited frustration with the war in Iraq , which has been the main platform of McCain ’s candidacy .
The poll shows that McCain has many disadvantages against him .
However , it shows that there are many Democrats worried about Obama ’s ethnicity as a difficulty .
The results also show that Obama still has difficulty with seniors .
Still , the poll results show that more Obama supporters than McCain supporters are burning with excitement this November .
Obama and McCain have their own separate set of objectives at hand .
It is already established that the 2008 US Presidential Elections will possibly be the most interesting one in the early 21st century history of the United States .
The 2008 elections may seem to be far more interesting than the 2004 US Presidential elections as well .
Polls ratings have been consistent in saying that presumed Democratic nominee Senator Barack Obama of Illinois and presumed GOP nominee Senator John McCain of Arizona .
This recent poll result is quite interesting .
A recent CNN / Opinion Research Corp poll has revealed that there is a huge gap in levels of morale between the Democrats and Republicans .
About 67 percent of Obama supporters are excited about voting this November .
It eclipses the 34 percent of McCain supporters that are excited about voting this November .
Like a recent Gallup Poll , this poll shows that most voters believe that Obama will win the presidency .
However , there is a sampling error of 5 points in this poll .
This is significantly different from the 2004 elections between current US President George W. Bush and then - Democratic nominee Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts .
While 66 percent of supporters were excited about Bush , 65 percent of supporters were excited about Kerry .
But the low results for McCain are understandable .
Many have felt frustrated after eight years of Bush ’s presidency .
The GOP is struggling to repair its tarnished image .
When Obama introduced the message of “ change , ” many had come up with their own versions .
McCain had called himself the candidate of “ right change . ”
The House GOP had launched the message of “ change you deserve .
” This is one core disadvantage that McCain must deal with .
He also shares many of the same policies with Bush .
However , McCain is trying to distance himself from Bush as well .
I think it ’s important , especially at this stage of the game , to define himself , but also to define his opponent , John McCain , as being part of George Bush ’s legacy .
…
‘ If you want more of George W. Bush and Dick Cheney , vote for McCain . ’
That ’s what Barack Obama is trying to do , ” said CNN political analyst , Donna Brazile .
Brazile said that Obama needs to constantly link McCain with Bush .
Brazile adds that McCain is tasked to show that he ’s different from Bush .
In that respect , Brazile said : “ He will have to take time to distance himself , to defend his record and to show the American people that he will not represent a third term of George Bush and Dick Cheney .
” According to Cybercast News Service ’s editor - in- chief , Terry Jeffrey , Bush is the main reason that McCain has the disadvantage .
Jeffrey said that Bush will be a vital threat for McCain .
Many in the GOP such as McCain are distancing themselves from Bush .
However , they still need Bush ’s fund raising prowess .
Recently , many of Bush ’s former donors have instead supported Obama ’s run for the presidency .
Jeffrey also adds that McCain is already out of the game with three strikes going against him .
He explains the main strikes are : the economy such as $ 4 per gallon of gas , Iraq , and the unpopularity level of Bush .
Many have cited frustration with the war in Iraq , which has been the main platform of McCain ’s candidacy .
The poll shows that McCain has many disadvantages against him .
However , it shows that there are many Democrats worried about Obama ’s ethnicity as a difficulty .
The results also show that Obama still has difficulty with seniors .
Still , the poll results show that more Obama supporters than McCain supporters are burning with excitement this November .
Obama and McCain have their own separate set of objectives at hand .
More about Obama , McCain , Presidency obama mccain presidency
When Flemming Rose heard last month that Danish cartoonists were too afraid of Muslim militants to illustrate a new children 's biography of Islam 's Prophet Muhammad , he decided to put his nation 's famous tolerance to the test .
The cultural editor of Denmark 's largest newspaper , Jyllands - Posten , then recruited cartoonists to depict Islam 's Prophet Muhammad and published them in the paper .
Since then , thousands of Danish Muslims , whose religion strictly prohibits depictions of the prophet , have demonstrated in protest , though some have rallied in support of the paper , too .
Ambassadors from 11 Islamic countries including Iran , Pakistan , and Turkey signed a letter demanding that the Danish prime minister " punish " the newspaper .
In contrast , a young Iranian woman started a petition in favor of the move .
" This issue goes back to Salman Rushdie .
It 's about freedom of speech and Islam , " says an unrepentant Rose , who feels a culture of fear and self - censorship has taken hold across Europe since Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh was murdered for criticizing traditional Islam 's treatment of women .
As accusations of racism and discrimination fly amid the ongoing unrest in France , European countries are being pushed to pinpoint the causes of - and solution to - the social exclusion of their significant Muslim populations .
A key ingredient to the dialogue , Rose says , is making room for a frank discussion of the compatibility of democratic principles such as free speech , and traditional Islam .
" Some Muslims are asking for an apology pointing to a lack of respect , " he says .
" They 're not asking for respect ; they 're asking for subordination - for us as non-Muslims to follow Muslim taboos in the public domain . "
Although Rose expected some complaints , he was unprepared for the deluge of criticism .
Among those who attacked the newspaper 's lack of sensitivity was prominent Copenhagen imam Raed Hlayhel , saying " I will not tolerate this .
If this is democracy , we disagree with democracy . "
But despite the barrage of criticism , Rose defends his decision , which coincided with the arrest of seven Danish Muslims two weeks ago for planning a terrorist attack - the first evidence of Islamic militancy among Denmark 's 200,000 Muslims .
As evidence of the Islamic pressure for censorship , he points to several events in the last month .
The individual who translated a new book by Van Gogh 's collaborator , Dutch MP Aayan Hirsi Ali , has requested anonymity .
A London art gallery removed a modern art exhibit " God is Great , " which featured a Koran , for fear of retaliation .
While in Copenhagen , a delegation of Danish imams asked the prime minister to force Denmark 's media to supply " more positive coverage " of Islam .
For its part , the newspaper has found Muslim allies .
When the controversy first broke , hundreds of Danish Muslims demonstrated in Copenhagen in support of the newspaper .
Among them were refugees that right - wing , anti-immigration parties would like to see turned away at Denmark 's borders .
" People have a right to say what they want without being killed , " says Nasim Rahnama , the 20 - year - old Iranian woman who started a petition in support of the newspaper .
" These Islamic groups have to be stopped .
I just ca n't sit down and do nothing . "
So far Ms. Rahnama , who moved here from Tehran four years ago , has collected over 150 signatures from Danish Muslims who support the paper 's stance but says that she would have got many more if it were n't for people 's fear that Islamic groups would find out .
" I am so happy here , " she says .
" I have learnt the language .
I have a lot of friends .
I live in freedom ; I love it . "
But some warn that the newspaper 's actions might push other young Muslims in the opposite direction by fueling their sense of persecution and obliging them to defend even the most anachronistic aspects of their religion .
" The cartoons seem to have been a deliberate move by the newspaper to provoke Muslim sentiment in a totally legal manner , " says Bjorn Moller , a senior research fellow at the Danish Institute of International Studies , who says that public expressions of racism are increasing , citing one right - wing member of parliament who compared Denmark 's Muslim community to cancer .
" Things which people would n't have been allowed to say a couple of years ago are now being said openly , " says Mr. Moller .
" It 's becoming more socially acceptable to use that kind of language and that 's bound to alienate Muslims and create fanaticism . "
But already Danish voters are flocking to the right - wing Danish People 's Party , which has pointed out that crime in general and the rape of Danish girls in particular are disproportionately committed by Muslim immigrants .
The party 's provocative slogan " Dit Land , Dit Valg " ( Your Land , Your Choice ) for many people conjures up unwelcome reminders of Denmark 's ambiguous role in the Nazi occupation .
[ Editor 's note :
The original version mistranslated the party slogan . ]
" A growing number of people see being a Dane and being a Muslim as incompatible , " says Moller , adding that the Danish Peoples '
Party , the country 's third largest , is behind controversial government attempts to stabilize Denmark 's growing Muslim community at no more than 10 percent of the total 5.5 million population .
Right now , Muslims make up nearly 4 percent of the population .
" The emphasis is rapidly becoming to keep out as many people as possible , regardless of whether they 've been tortured or persecuted , " says Moller .
But many Danish Muslims attempt to strike a conciliatory tone - aware that in contrast to France 's rapidly increasing Muslim population of about five million - they remain a small and vulnerable minority .
" The parliament is dominated by right - wing parties , " says Naveed Baig , who promotes the peaceful Sufi strain of Islam through the group Muslims In Dialogue .
" They are trying to control immigrants , not facilitate them .
And at the same time Muslim extremists are making things hard for the majority of Muslims who fully accept secularism and democracy . "
Rose meanwhile says he is happy that he has sparked a debate about how traditional Islamic ideas often clash with Western secular and democratic ideals .
He also says that the controversy has helped bring native Danes and Muslim immigrants together .
" Usually we speak about them and us , Muslim immigrants and the local population , but in this case many Danes criticized the paper while many Muslims supported the paper , " says Rose .
" This is actually the first time Muslims participated on a public platform alongside Danes . "
