The message comes from Wal - Mart , but it reflects a view that 's increasingly common in corporate America :
The US healthcare system needs to be fixed .
Big business can help , but do n't expect us to shoulder the whole burden .
That was a subtext when Wal - Mart chief executive Lee Scott took the stage last week alongside representatives of a major labor union to kick off a campaign called " Better Health Care Together . "
The aim of this unlikely partnership is to extend coverage to all Americans by 2012 , and Mr. Scott emphasized that the responsibility must be shared by government and individuals as well as business .
His rallying cry does n't represent any shared blueprint among employers , but it does symbolize an important shift over the past year .
Faced with surging healthcare costs and employees who want insurance coverage , businesses have become more likely to be advocates , rather than skeptics , of a major overhaul .
At the same time , their motive is not just to see healthcare problems addressed .
They also want to avoid shouldering more of the burden themselves .
" Clearly , we 're going to start moving away from employer provided health insurance , " says Richard Brown , director of the UCLA Center for Health Policy Research .
" Employers are seriously looking for a way to get out of this . "
The major role of employers in America 's healthcare system is , in some ways , an unusual artifact of history .
The practice of employers providing health insurance spread in the wake of World War II limits on wages , which prompted many employers to provide back door pay hikes by offering health insurance to employees .
Given that legacy , many experts say the nation will probably migrate toward hybrid solutions , which blend a major government role with responsibilities for individuals and employers .
" Whatever kind of reform we have will be a mixture of approaches , " predicts Jack Hadley , a healthcare expert at the Urban Institute in Washington .
In the process , he expects that employers will end up covering a smaller share of American workers .
" That 's certainly what the trend has been , and I do n't see anything that would reverse that trend , " he says .
Last year , just 59 percent of US workers were covered by their employer 's health insurance , down from 65 percent in 2001 , according to research by the Kaiser Family Foundation .
And health insurance premiums , on average , are 87 percent higher now than in 2000 , compared with cumulative overall inflation of 18 percent during that span .
It 's not that businesses do n't want to offer strong benefit packages to their workers .
Many , especially at small businesses , can't afford big health plans .
Even large businesses are asking employees to pay more out of pocket .
" Wal - Mart is committed to high quality , affordable , and accessible healthcare , " said Scott of Wal - Mart on Feb .
7 . " But our current system hurts America 's competitiveness and leaves too many people uninsured . "
The company has come under fire for what critics say are skimpy health benefits .
Wal - Mart , for its part , says that 9 in 10 of its blue - garbed " associates " have coverage , either through the company or another source .
In last week 's push for universal coverage , Wal - Mart was joined by other major companies : Intel , AT&T , and Kelly Services .
" We feel a huge sense of urgency , " says Maria Ghazal , public - policy director for a healthcare task force at the Business Roundtable , a group of large employers based in Washington .
The Roundtable itself , last month , joined with the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) to push for action on healthcare .
" Mostly it 's a sense that the way the system is now , if you can call it a system , is not sustainable , " Ms. Ghazal says .
She says the desire for discussion is very different from the atmosphere in 1993 , when President Clinton 's push for healthcare reforms foundered amid dissent , including from business .
" That 's one of the fundamental differences between 2007 and 1993 , " says Sara Howard , a health policy expert at the SEIU .
" What is remarkable about what 's happened in the last few weeks is that , for the first time , major corporations are stepping up and saying that the time for change is now . "
But all the calls for change do n't create any clear mandate on policy .
" Right now the momentum is there .
I just do n't know where we can find common agreement , " says Katie Strong , director of congressional and public affairs at the US Chamber of Commerce , a business group in Washington .
For one thing , the business world push does n't settle a basic conservative - liberal divide over whether the key fix is a stronger role for government , or the introduction of more free - market competition in an industry where government has become the major purchaser .
" The status quo guarantees government dominance of the system , " says Robert Moffitt , an expert at the conservative Heritage Foundation .
That 's because government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid continue to grow , and some proposals envision government insuring workers who do n't get coverage through their employer .
Many employers support at least the concept behind President Bush 's recent proposal to let individuals have the same tax deduction for healthcare that business enjoys .
Such a move might inspire greater competition in the health - insurance marketplace , something businesses generally support .
Employers also hope to see cost - control achieved through policies that improve the use of information technology in healthcare .
Many others are open to discussing requirements that they provide health insurance for workers , or pay into a government fund to provide such coverage .
Such a system , often dubbed " play or pay , " is under consideration in California .
News Feed
New features in darcs elephant - 1.0 head Alex fixed bugs in the postmodern backend and added new documentation .
Ian promoted a new CLP backend which is an all - lisp solution based on cl- prevalence and cl- containers that is currently at Alpha quality .
It requires the latest patches to cl- containers and a Mercurial fork of cl- prevalence which can be retrieved using 'hg clone http://bitbucket.org/skypher/cl-prevalence/'
We are deprecating the CLSQL backend by moving it into contrib ; it will not be a part of the 1.0 release .
You can still use it by creating a symlink in the elephant root directory to the appropriate ele - xx files in src/ contrib / rread / db- clsql
Elephant 1.0 Alpha 2 Download it now !
Bug fixes and minor feature enhancements
Elephant 1.0 Alpha 1 Significant development work has been taking place on the darcs elephant - unstable repository over the past year .
The last stable release ( 0.9.1 ) is quite stale , lacking many bug fixes and features that are part of the upcoming 1.0 release .
We 've decided to release a stable snapshot of the development tree and recommend that all users engaged in active development switch to this version of Elephant .
This includes changing your target darcs repository from elephant - unstable to elephant - 1.0 .
While the Alpha 1 snapshot has not undergone rigorous testing , it is in daily use in a number of live applications and our test suites are currently green for all 0.9.1 and many 1.0 features on all data stores on SBCL / Linux .
We invite users of other platforms to help expand the scope of testing of the 1.0 tree to ensure that any platform specific bugs are resolved prior to a final release .
The following new features have been introduced since our last release , 0.9.1 , in November 2007 .
New slot types Hierarchical indexed slots
Indexed slots can now index a base class slot as well as all subclasses inheriting that slot .
Index inheritance can be inhibited by redefining the slot in a base class .
Virtual derived index slots A better way to manage derived indexes ( the old derived index model is deprecated ) .
You can define a virtual slot that is used to create the index .
A slot argument defines the function of slot values that populates the index .
Hints are available that inhibit updates to only occur when certain slots are written .
Set - valued slots A simple API to an unordered aggregate slot using the pset api for access Associations Many - to - 1 and many - to - many associations between slots in two different classes .
They also uses a variation of the pset api .
' Checkout ' slot caching A simple means for runtime switching between persistent and transient slot behavior with the ability to sync transient values back to the store .
Can buy up to 100x in read / write throughput at the cost of automatic thread safety Dynamic schema evolution Global persistent instance map ( all instances are reachable unless deleted )
Each class has a DB schema that stores the class structure
Multiple schema versions of a class may exist in the database concurrently
Upgrade of DB instances to the latest schema can be done greed or lazily
Dereferencing pointers to deleted instances returns nil ; this is a lazy form of referential integrity .
Berkeley DB Store BDB 4.7 support ( now recommended )
Support to globally enable MVCC from my - config .sexp ; : mvcc t to open - store and : snapshot t in with - transaction
to and in Read / write performance has been improved by up to 2x
db_deadlock support deprecated in favor of built - in operators ( no external process needed ) Postmodern Store Data caching within large transactions
Caching between transactions on a per-thread basis Miscellaneous Classes instances can exist in more than one store
Multi-store operations are safer ( transaction interleaving , for example )
Serializer performance enhancements and bug fixes
Migration bug fixes as well and upgrade support from 0.9.1
Too many bug fixes and small enhancements to enumerate ...
Garbage Collection ( prototype )
The code base contains a working prototype of an online garbage collector using a mark and sweep strategy .
Testing and documentation are not complete but you can experiment with it .
Details are available on the mailing list archive from Jan 5th , 2009 .
Complete functionality will be available in the final release .
Query Language and Interpreter ( prototype )
We also have a working sketch of a simple query language for elephant ( query.lisp ) that uses indices and a preliminary sketch of a query planner and interpreter ( query2.lisp ) that does something akin to joins .
A modestly optimized form of this will be available as part of the final 1.0 release .
Comments on the simple constraint language will be appreciated .
There is still much to do to iron down the final release : Associations still contain a few bugs , so we do n't recommend depending on them yet .
still contain a few bugs , so we do n't recommend depending on them yet .
Derived index slots have n't been extensively used or tested
have n't been extensively used or tested Cached slots have not been extensively tested for corner cases , but do have some modest regression tests to validate their basic functionality and should be in good shape for single - threaded use
have not been extensively tested for corner cases , but do have some modest regression tests to validate their basic functionality and should be in good shape for single - threaded use Schema evolution
There are also some minor problems that can crop up occasionally with schema evolution , but there are almost always workarounds so if you run into trouble e-mail elephant - devel
There are also some minor problems that can crop up occasionally with schema evolution , but there are almost always workarounds so if you run into trouble e-mail elephant - devel Garbage collection has not been fully validated and should not be considered reliable
has not been fully validated and should not be considered reliable Support a full constraint language specification in the query interface
We need better test coverage ( particularly new features )
Documentation of new features Ian Eslick has primary responsibility for the features in this release .
Alex Mizrahi , Henrik Hjelte and Robert Read have put in significant work upgrading and improving the SQL backends .
Special thanks to Leslie Polzer for various contributions and picking up some of the support slack .
Other noteable contributors to this release in the form of small patches , tracking down hairy bugs , suggestions and documentation include : Christoph Ludwig , Anton Kazennikov , Glen Tarcea , Frank Schorr , Daniel Salama , Lukas Giessmann , Patrick May , Quan Hu , Red Daly , Richard Szopa , Sean Ross , Tiarnan O'Corrain , and Elliott Slaughter .
Our apologies if we have left anyone out ( email eslick at media mit edu if we have ) .
Elephant 0.9.1 now available Elephant 0.9.1 is now officially released .
This release provides official support for using the postmodern interface to Postgres as a back - end store .
This back - end is about three times faster than the generic SQL interface on top of Postgres .
Note that existing Postgres repositories are not compatible with a Postmodern repository .
However , Elephant supports multi-repository migration .
If you have an existing Postgres repository and want to migrate to Postmodern , you should create a completely new Postmodern repository and migrate all of your data into it .
The migration can be accomplished with a single command .
If you have been using the ( unofficially released ) postmodern backend , you will have to migrate your data into a CL - SQL based postgres backend , or into a BDB backend , and then migrate into your new postmodern repository .
This release is not compatible with previous ( development ) versions of the postmodern functionality .
This release has been tested on a 64 - bit Linux with SBCL 1.0.10 , and other platforms as well .
If anybody downloads it and tests it , please run the ( large ) set of automated tests and report your results to elphant - devel at common - lisp.
net .
We will update the platforms page as we receive your updates .
Elephant 0.9 now available Download it now !
Elephant 0.9 is a significant improvement in stability , platform support and feature set over Elephant 0.6.0 , our last major release .
This release should be considered a stable release , and any major bugs that are uncovered will be accommodated by a patch release .
Major Features of Elephant 0.9 Expanded and improved platform support SBCL 1.0 , Allegro 8.0/7.0 , Lispworks 5.0 and OpenMCL 1.0 Elephant has been verified on every major OS ( Linux , Mac OS X or Windows ) for which these lisps are available New support for 64 - bit lisps and improved support for Unicode Elephant is now thread - safe under both BDB and SQL data stores A wide set of configurations have now been validated .
New datastructures and interfaces Persistent sets - lightweight collections with a simple API Mapping operators - Efficient , cons free access to btrees , sets and class indices
All new users manual A new , basic tutorial incorporating the major new features Expanded user guide for specific features A new rough guide to the internal APIs for developers
Other benefits or features Simplified user configuration using a single file , my - config .sexp Proper upgrades from 0.6 , via the ability to open 0.6 databases in 0.9 The Berkeley DB backend is up - to - date with the latest library version and requires Berkeley DB 4.5 A host of performance improvements , bug fixes and minor feature enhancements ( see the development list or prior announcements for some of the details )
Roadmap
We are planning a string of interim releases between 0.9 and 1.0 , but we recommend that people using Elephant for active web sites and important applications use 0.9 until 1.0 is available .
We will not guarantee clean upgrades between 0.9.x releases if the database format changes and cannot guarantee the same level of stability outside these major release milestones .
The features planned for the 1.0 release of Elephant are recorded as We are planning a string of interim releases between 0.9 and 1.0 , but we recommend that people using Elephant for active web sites and important applications use 0.9 until 1.0 is available .
We will not guarantee clean upgrades between 0.9.x releases if the database format changes and cannot guarantee the same level of stability outside these major release milestones .
The features planned for the 1.0 release of Elephant are recorded as tickets at the Trac project site Visit the documentation page to read the new reference manual and the download page to get the release .
Elephant 0.9 RC1 announced
With the marked improvement in stability and functionality of the code base , the maintainers have decided to abandon the 0.6.1 release label and change the upcoming release to 0.9 .
This change puts us on a new New features and improvements in release 0.9 RC1 Additional features integrated since the Beta 0.6.1 announcement :
Full platform support SBCL 1.0 , Allegro 8.0/7.0 , Lispworks 5.0 and OpenMCL 1.0
All these lisps should work on every major OS ( Linux , Mac OS X , Windows ) they are released on A wide set of configurations has been tested .
64 - bit support has been validated , but not recently and not on all platforms ( testers welcome ! )
Mapping operators BTrees , BTree indicies , class index and slot / derived indices all have a map operation Enable mapping a function over values and ranges Map in both ascending and descending order Collect function results into a list Efficient stack allocation where appropriate
Persistent sets A lighter - weight API for persistent collections Provides insert , remove , find , map and list operations
With appropriate methods , makes one to many slots easy to construct , see tutorial and user - guide for details .
Complete update and rewrite of the users manual
All new and up - to - date tutorial New section containing more detailed implementation information for advanced users
New sections for prospective data store developers Detailed installation instructions ( supercedes INSTALL file )
A list of use case scenarios that should help developers understand Elephant better Much work remains to clean up the manual for 1.0 , but the bulk of the rewrite is done and we invite comment on what is missing or unclear .
Feature tweaks Drop commands for persistent collections to reclaim storage for reuse .
Expanded support for nested aggregates in serializer and migrate ( i.e. an array of persistent objects will be properly migrated , before only btree collections of persistent objects were properly copied ) .
Better error handling during object creation , change class operations , etc .
Better error checking during cross -store operations .
Persistent instances passed to print - object print their oid by default to create a recognizable signature And much more ...
Performance enhancements
Option to increase cache size for BDB backend Improve contention performance while mapping btrees Improved map performance And much more ...
With the marked improvement in stability and functionality of the code base , the maintainers have decided to abandon the 0.6.1 release label and change the upcoming release to 0.9 .
This change puts us on a new roadmap leading to a 1.0 release later in 2007 .
Additional features integrated since the Beta 0.6.1 announcement :
Beta 0.6.1 Release available via CVS Supported Platforms
See the platform page for details
OpenMCL will be verified as part of the beta cycle
CMU should work , but there are no users so it is not officially supported Download and Install
The beta release will only be available via CVS .
Download the latest development HEAD .
The beta release will only be available via CVS .
Download the latest development HEAD .
cvs -z3 -d :pserver:anonymous:anonymous@common-lisp.net :/project/elephant/cvsroot checkout elephant
This will put the elephant release into the directory ' elephant ' .
Read the INSTALL , UPGRADE and UPGRADE - BDB files for further instructions .
Purpose of the beta release
The tree is effectively a release candidate .
We only need to verify OpenMCL , beef up the documentation and examples and make sure we have good test coverage .
Otherwise this code base appears stable enough to release .
New features in 0.6.1
The beta release is a more stable version of the feature set in the alpha release .
A list of the changes between alpha and beta can be found in the doc / oldfiles / TODO file .
The tree is effectively a release candidate .
We only need to verify OpenMCL , beef up the documentation and examples and make sure we have good test coverage .
Otherwise this code base appears stable enough to release .
The beta release is a more stable version of the feature set in the alpha release .
A list of the changes between alpha and beta can be found in the doc / oldfiles / TODO file .
Alpha 0.6.1
Release available via CVS Supported platforms : SBCL , Allegro , CMU , OpenMCL , Lispworks ( build system is not automated for Windows )
CMU , OpenMCL and Lispworks have not been fully tested and may require minor bug fixes Download and Install
The alpha release will only be available via CVS Supported platforms :
The alpha release will only be available via CVS cvs - z3 -d : pserver:anonymous:anonymous@common-lisp.net :/project/elephant/cvsroot checkout -r ELEPHANT -0-6- 1 - alpha elephant
This will put the elephant release into the directory : elephant .
Read the INSTALL , UPGRADE and UPGRADE - BDB files for further instructions .
Purpose of the alpha release
The primary developers do not have ready access to all supported platforms and would like to ask the community to help validate the current implementation on other platforms .
We also are using the alpha to improve up our test suite .
For more details please see the The primary developers do not have ready access to all supported platforms and would like to ask the community to help validate the current implementation on other platforms .
We also are using the alpha to improve up our test suite .
For more details please see the TODO file .
If you have a favorite feature such as multi- threading , 64 - bit , etc. , please free to submit a test for the test suite .
New features in 0.6.1 Simplified build and site configuration support :
See config . sexp in root directory for site customization ( no more editing code files ) Linux and Mac systems should automatically build libraries when asdf is called
64 - bit lisps are now supported
64 - bit and 32 - bit lisps can read and run off the same database files ( on the same machine )
Multithreading
Elephant should now be thread safe , including sharing a single store - controller across threads
Read comments in src/elephant / transactions.lisp and BDB users should read src/db-bdb/bdb-transactions.lisp
Improved support for mixing transactions and store - controllers
Upgrading
Elephant 0.6.1 can open and directly manipulate 0.6.0 databases
Existing 0.6.0 databases can be upgraded via the ' upgrade ' function which takes
Upgrading is required for 64 - bit systems
New serializer - independant metadata should enable future upgrades easier
NOTE : There may be some problems upgrading SQL databases
Berkeley DB backend
BDB 4.5 required ( see UPGRADE - BDB )
* auto - commit * is no longer required .
All data access methods auto - commit if there is no active transaction
store - controller accepts : deadlock - detect keyword ( t or nil ) which will run db_deadlock as a background process to abort deadlocked threads
optimize - storage is a new store - controller method currently supported by BDB backend .
It compacts a whole database or only a specific BTree and returns free pages to the free list or to the file system .
Minor features
Re-organization to the internal structure in this release
Renaming including removing defunct sleepycat naming scheme , backend packages , etc .
The serializer was modularized to allow future releases to change serializer
strategies or implement custom serializers and to be able to open legacy databases
Remove various warnings in SBCL build , etc .
Separated utilities into their own package and directory
Serializer improvements
0.6.1 databases can be shared across lisps running on hardware of the same endianness
( i.e. all x86 platforms or PPC / Alpha , etc )
( i.e. all x86 platforms or PPC / Alpha , etc )
Simplified unicode serialization support across all platforms
Performance improvements in multi- threading situations
Pushing : elephant - without - optimize onto * features * will disable optimization declarations and simplifying debugging
Other fixes and features documented in the TODO file See the See the downloads page for more information .
AFP
ONE would think that Asian equity markets would be happy at the news that China 's economy , the regional powerhouse , is growing even faster than expected .
But that 's not the way it turned out .
Shortly before China 's government said , late last week , that the economy grew at an annualised pace of 11.1 % in the first three months of 2007 , and as forecasts rose for the year 's overall growth , traders on the region 's big exchanges briefly took fright .
The next day markets rebounded .
Nobody is jumpy about growth , of course , but of the government 's reaction to it .
Chinese officials are getting worried that a meltdown may be pending , and have been intervening to dampen things down .
But over the past few years tighter interest rates , lending restrictions and heavier bank regulation have failed to cool the economy .
Now they may have to be even more aggressive .
China 's fairly primitive financial infrastructure makes it difficult to fine - tune credit through monetary and fiscal policy .
As worries grow about credit bubbles and overinvestment , no one knows quite how hard the government may need to step on the brakes .
All this makes investors , who should be bullish , uncertain about what the near future may bring .
Across the Pacific , protectionists in America , who should be displeased to hear of even faster Chinese growth , may have found a note of cheer .
If the Chinese government wants to get runaway growth under control , it may allow faster appreciation of the yuan .
Relations between China and America have been getting tense , thanks to the growing flow of cheap Chinese goods into American markets .
But the Bush administration has so far stayed relatively friendly towards its trading partner .
China has not been called a currency manipulator , despite domestic American pressure over the controlled currency .
The yuan is now trading at about 7.7 to the dollar , up by a little over 7 % since the Chinese currency went off its fixed peg in mid-2005 .
More vocal critics would like to see appreciation well into double digits , and have threatened sanctions if that does not happen .
Until now , the administration has managed to stall such drastic moves with soothing talk about gradual increases .
That may be changing , however .
China 's trade surplus with America and its foreign - exchange reserves continue to grow , making economists fidgety and protectionist politicians livid .
In the first three months of this year alone , China added $ 135.7 - billion worth of foreign currency to its reserves , compared with $ 247.3 billion for all of 2006 .
This coincides with the lame duck phase of the Bush administration , hamstrung by a newly Democratic congress , and politically crippled by the debacle in Iraq .
With the 2008 presidential campaign getting into full swing , the administration is rapidly losing the will and strength to fight the protectionists .
On Friday April 20th Hank Paulson , America 's treasury secretary , said that Chinese officials “ are not moving , in my judgment , quickly enough ” to loosen restrictions on the yuan .
In the past Mr Paulson has been rather sympathetic to the Chinese on their currency conundrum , so this does not bode well for relations between the two .
Some now reckon that trade sanctions against China are on their way .
Indeed , they have already started .
Last month , America slapped anti-dumping duties on imports of high - gloss paper from China , in response to a complaint from domestic manufacturers .
It has also filed a complaint at the World Trade Organisation against Chinese copyright violations .
If the Chinese government were to let off some economic steam by allowing the yuan to appreciate more , this might — temporarily , at least — appease some of America 's “ fair traders ” .
It also makes some economic sense for China .
Because its financial infrastructure is a little shaky , the central bank is not completely able to “ sterilise ” its foreign - currency transactions .
The massive reserves it is accumulating could therefore translate into inflationary pressure , forcing it to clamp down on growth .
A more freely floating currency would ease this stop - and - go cycle .
However , it 's not clear how much impact this would really have on exports .
For many of the products it exports , China is merely an assembler of parts made elsewhere , which is why its trade surplus with the rest of the world is less impressive than its bilateral one with America .
Should the yuan rise , it will make those inputs cheaper for Chinese firms , so export prices will rise less than the yuan - bashers might hope .
By Tim Hirsch
BBC News environment correspondent
Forests may add to methane levels , scientists say
The findings , reported in the journal Nature , have been described as " startling " , and may force a rethink of the role played by forests in holding back the pace of global warming .
And the BBC News Website has learned that the research , based on observations in the laboratory , appears to be corroborated by unpublished observations of methane levels in the Brazilian Amazon .
Until now , it had been thought that natural sources of methane were mainly limited to environments where bacteria acted on vegetation in conditions of low oxygen levels , such as in swamps and rice paddies .
Methane ' increase '
But a team led by Frank Keppler of the Max Planck Institute in Heidelberg , Germany , stumbled upon this new effect when studying emissions from the leaves of trees and grasses in conditions similar to those they would encounter in the open air .
To their amazement , the scientists found that all the textbooks written on the biochemistry of plants had apparently overlooked the fact that methane is produced by a range of plants even when there is plenty of oxygen .
The amount of the gas produced increased when the air was warmer , and when there was more sunlight .
The paper estimates that this unexplained phenomenon could account for 10 - 30 % of the world 's methane emissions .
The possible implications are set out in Nature by David Lowe of New Zealand 's National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research , who writes : " We now have the spectre that new forests might increase greenhouse warming through methane emissions rather than decrease it by sequestering carbon dioxide . "
Researchers warn it is too early to make assumptions
But some experts on climate change science and policy say it is far too early to come to this kind of conclusion .
Dr Halldor Thorgeirsson , deputy executive secretary to the UN Climate Change Secretariat , told the BBC News Website that while the study was interesting , the overall impact of this newly discovered source of methane was still speculative .
" We need to look at this , but this study does not for example look at measurements of direct methane emissions from forests , and that is what is needed to get a better handle on what forests do for the climate , " said Dr Thorgeirsson .
He added that the system of calculating forestry " credits " under the Kyoto protocol allowed for updated scientific findings to be included in the assessment of the climate benefit of any particular project .
Until we know how this process works it is really unwise to come to any conclusions
Michael Keller
US Department of Agriculture 's Forest Service
But it is already finding some corroboration from observations in the " real world " .
The BBC News website has learned that a study soon to be published in another scientific journal reports high levels of methane in measurements taken in the Brazilian Amazon , an observation that contradicts conventional explanations for how the gas is produced .
Michael Keller of the US Department of Agriculture 's Forest Service , who carried out the study , said the new process discovered by the German scientists provided a plausible solution to the puzzle .
But he warned against making any assumptions at this stage about what it meant for the climate impact of forests until much more was known about the way this new phenomenon operates in different conditions and among different species .
Complex relationship
Dr Keller said : " We know that when deforestation takes place we liberate large quantities of carbon dioxide , and indeed methane , into the atmosphere .
We may be replacing that forest with vegetation which produces more methane .
" Until we know how this process works it is really unwise to come to any conclusions . "
It is tempting to conclude from this new study that in some way we have been conned into thinking that trees were great for the planet when it turns out they might be helping to cause global warming .
In fact , of course , trees are neither good nor bad .
They are just there , and if they are producing methane now they always have been in natural conditions .
The study highlights , however , the extreme complexity of the relationship between the biological processes of the Earth and the chemistry of our atmosphere - and how much there is yet to discover .
Not all countries on the receiving end of these flows are receptive to the idea .
The Thai authorities reacted badly to Temasek of Singapore ’s purchase of a telecommunications stake in their country .
Dubai Ports
World had to abandon its attempt to buy ... US ports after it prompted a national security debate in the US Congress .
The bid by China ’s CNOOC for Unocal was also blocked in the US .
There is no reason to expect this hostility to change with the 2008 US presidential elections .
One controversial area is the use of state funds to buy strategic energy assets .
The clearest example is China ’s courting of commodity producers , especially in Africa .
There has been a backlash to this in some African countries , but their concerns may not last long given the need to attract foreign direct investment .
How will the market and global trading companies cope with deals between governments on the buying and selling of commodities , or even with official funds buying important stakes in the mining companies themselves ?
Equally controversial could be specific investment stakes in companies .
In the US the fear is of foreign governments acquiring strategic stakes in vital industries .
It is easy to see the US blocking future deals ...
All a US politician needs to ask is : should China be able to secure intellectual property rights overseas , when it cannot guarantee to safeguard such rights for foreign firms in its market ?
If blocked in the US , one response for state funds may be to opt for more complex , hidden transactions .
Equally likely , the money may flow to more open markets ...
While the fear is a protectionist response , the west should use the growth of state capitalism to force positive changes in the investing countries ’ home markets .
...
If the west accepts that Chinese firms can buy freely overseas , this should lead to pressure for China to open its domestic markets further .
Similar pressure should be applied to other countries with large state funds that invest overseas .
There will be an impact on market prices .
Asian reserves are now $ 3,300bn , while state - run funds in the Middle East may be $ 2,000bn .
Such funds would not be the main driver of global equity markets , but they could have an impact on US yields .
The capitalisation of the three main US equity markets is $ 22,200bn , while that of US Treasury debt is $ 4,600bn .
A bigger issue arises if these funds start to invest now , at a nascent stage , in the growing equity and debt markets ... across Asia , Latin America and Africa .
The impact of state funds could be huge in these growing regional markets that are smaller and less liquid .
...
At a time of uncertainty for the multi­lateral trading system , this issue of state capitalism is an area where the World Trade Organisation should see whether some ground rules are possible .
If not , as globalisation takes hold the three most common words we may read may no longer be “ Made in China ” but “ Owned by China ” .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- EarthLink Inc. said Garry Betty , its president and chief executive officer , died Tuesday due to complications from a serious form of cancer at age 49 .
Betty had been with the leading independent Internet service provider since 1996 .
Garry Betty was the youngest CEO of a NYSE listed company before joining EarthLink in 1996 .
Betty graduated from Georgia Institute of Technology in 1979 with a degree in chemical engineering .
The institute named him the Young Alumnus of the Year in 1993 and he was also included in the " Top 40 Under 40 " list in Atlanta 's business community , and named Outstanding Young Person by the Atlanta Business Chronicle .
Betty began his career at IBM ( up $ 0.87 to $ 98.02 , Charts ) and received the company 's most prestigious President 's Excellence Award in 1982 for his work associated with the IBM Personal Computer .
Before joining EarthLink ( up $ 0.01 to $ 7.11 , Charts ) , Betty served as CEO of Digital Communications Associates , Inc. ( DCA ) and became the youngest CEO of a New York Stock Exchange listed company .
At DCA , Betty successfully reorganized and led the company out of a two - year slump .
Betty also served as senior vice president of sales , marketing and international operations at Hayes Microcomputer Products , and has been credited with turning the modem into a consumer commodity .
" Garry was an extraordinary business partner and friend , and he will be sorely missed , " Sky Dayton , founder of EarthLink and CEO of Helio , said in a statement .
" Garry accomplished so much and made life better for so many people , that as we mourn his passing , we also celebrate his achievements . "
" Our thoughts and prayers are with Garry 's wife , Kathy , and the rest of his family , " Dayton said .
Memorial arrangements are being made at this time .
EarthLink was not immediately available for comment on the type of cancer Betty suffered from .
The Atlanta - based company also announced Mike Lunsford will continue as interim CEO at EarthLink , a position he has held since Nov. 27 , 2006 , when Betty took a leave of absence , the company said in a statement .
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Nardelli out at Home Depot
Enter the C- suite ... Straight CEO talk
Nancy Mathis , a spokeswoman for the I.R.S. , said the agency did not know the reason for the increase , but added , “ It is likely due to more effective outreach by community organizations and proposed legislation last year linking payment of taxes to eventual citizenship . ”
In 2005 alone , more than $ 5 billion in tax liability — the total owed , including money withheld from paychecks during the year — was reported in the 2.9 million returns that listed at least one person with an ITIN , she said .
And between 1996 and 2003 , such filers reported nearly $ 50 billion of tax liability .
Organizations pushing for stricter immigration enforcement have criticized the use of the individual numbers by illegal immigrants , saying that allowing them to file returns , pay taxes and receive refund checks legitimizes their illegal presence .
But the I.R.S. says it is just doing its job as a tax collector , and is not an immigration enforcement agency .
“ Clearly , we maintain a separation between the two systems , ” Mark W. Everson , the commissioner of the I.R.S. , said recently .
“ We want your money whether you are here legally or not and whether you earned it legally or not . ”
And because most immigration bills make the payment of back taxes a prerequisite for legal status , that message seems to be getting through more clearly than ever .
“ Right now there ’s quite a stampede going on in many areas , including mine , ” said Blaire Borthayre , a consultant in Hispanic marketing based in Raleigh who described early - morning crowds gathering outside Family Tax Service , her husband ’s tax preparation business .
“ It ’s word of mouth . ”
One client , she said , was a Mexican man who lugged in a suitcase holding $ 14,000 , cash he had set aside to pay his taxes over six years of work as a landscaper .
Like many , he had only recently learned that he could file a legitimate tax return , said Ms. Borthayre , who is the author of several books on tax preparation with ITINs .
The Bronx Zoo-based Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) announced that a camera - trap study in the mountains of Southern Tanzania has now recorded Africa 's least - known and probably rarest carnivore : Jackson 's mongoose , known only from a few observations and museum specimens .
The findings , reported in the latest issue of the journal Oryx , mark not only a range extension for the bushy - tailed carnivore , previously known to exist only in Kenya , but also another species for the Udzungwa Mountains , a veritable " lost world " of rare and unique wildlife .
WCS scientist Dr. Daniela De Luca -- together with Dr. Francesco Rovero from Italy 's Trento Museum of Natural Sciences -- captured several images of the Jackson 's mongoose in Matundu Forest within the Udzungwa Mountains National Park .
Most of the photos were taken between the hours of 7 p.m. and 6 a.m. , indicating that the animal is largely nocturnal .
" These mongooses may represent a separate subspecies from the one that exists in Kenya , " said Dr. De Luca of WCS ' Tanzania Program .
" Given the fragmentation and small sizes of the forest patches in which they live , full protection of nearby forests would improve conditions for conserving this species . "
In 2004 , WCS conservationists working in the Southern Highlands of Tanzania discovered a new species of primate -- the kipunji monkey -- which in 2006 they described as a new genus as well .
The kipunji turned out to be present also in the Udzungwa Mountains .
A few years prior , WCS researchers working in the same area " photo - trapped " a Lowe 's servaline genet , the first of its kind recorded in 70 years .
Jackson 's mongoose has round , broad ears , with yellow fur on the neck and throat , and a white bushy tail .
It is a close relative of the bushy - tailed mongoose , and is poorly known ; previous records for the Jackson 's mongoose are limited to forests in Kenya over 900 kilometers ( 559 miles ) to the north .
There are 14 museum specimens in existence from Kenya , and next to nothing is known about its biology .
In addition to increased protection for Matundu , one of East Africa 's largest lowland forests , the scientists recommend initiating studies into the mongoose 's genetics and ecology to better understand the animal 's needs and how best to protect it .
Recently , Dimitri Zimine wrote an excellent little story about context switching .
Joel Spolsky writes in “ From the ‘ You Call this Agile ’ Department “ :
Dmitri is only looking at one side of the cost / benefit equation .
He ’s laid out a very convincing argument why Sarah should not interrupt her carefully planned two week iteration , but he has n’t even mentioned arguments for the other side : the important sale that will be lost .
Okay … I ’ll bite .
Let ’s look at that argument from the perspective of the sales person first since that is where Joel ’s concern starts :
The Sales Guy Perspective
“ I need the ‘ ezhibal ’ feature now !
Big bucks coming soon if we can get it now . ”
Let ’s suppose that this urgent email has come in somewhere near the start of our two week iteration .
The normal response to this in Scrum is to push back a little .
The ScrumMaster says something to the effect of : “ Look if you wait 7 days we can put this on the top of the list for our next iteration . ”
First reaction , and it ’s a normal one , is for Sales Guy to freak out .
I ’ve actually heard people saying things like “ You ’re going to lose your job over this !
I ’m getting the VP involved and he ’s not going to like it ” and then they stalk off to find the big dog to come and bark at us .
Anyway , let ’s pretend that the Sales Guy is willing to be reasonable and not instantly escalate the “ problem ” .
So what he actually says is : “ Look , this is super important , it ’ll probably only take a few minutes for us to talk about it and then we can figure out how long it will take to fix .
Let ’s just do a quick phone call and yadda , yadda , yadda , blah dee blah … ”
Enough of the Sales Guy perspective .
Nowadays , if I ’m in this situation , I do a value assessment .
I tell the team to keep working on their plan , nothing ’s changed yet , and I sit down with Sales Guy and the person who ’s sponsoring the current work and we start a discussion about the options of which there are really only two that work in Scrum :
Stay the Course Cancel the Iteration
First , let ’s talk about how we decide which option to take .
Then we ’ll talk about why .
Deciding on the option is easy .
You look at the value of the work currently being done and compare it to the value of the work that Sales Guy needs .
You take into account probabilities .
If Sales Guy does n’t have a signed contract , then it ’s hard to say if there ’s going to be any real revenue from the ‘ ezhibal ’ feature .
Still , you might be able to do an assessment of the probabilities based on your level of trust and history with the client , etc .
You also need to take into account the time value of money .
Does delaying the current work have consequences for another client or stakeholder ?
What is the cost of those consequences .
This is a relatively simple cost / benefit analysis and comparison .
If you ’re not comfortable with money and numbers and spreadsheets , you better get comfortable !
Okay , so we have a way of comparing the two bits of work .
Now let ’s look at the two “ allowed ” responses and a third “ bad ” response .
Stay the Course
Turns out that the potential benefit of the stuff Sales Guy wants is not quite as high as the potential benefit of the stuff that Suzie Stakeholder prioritized for the current iteration .
Well , that ’s easy .
Put the request from Sales Guy in our prioritized list of work and get to it when there is an appropriate level of benefit relative to the other work .
Cancel the Iteration
The stuff Sales Guy wants is super - valuable .
So let ’s get the whole team to stop what they are doing and everyone supports this very valuble work .
Stopping the whole team is appropriate because obvioulsy , the stuff they ’re working on is n’t as valuable .
Oh , and because we treat a team as a unit in Scrum .
And because the team needs to commit to work , not individuals .
This is n’t so obvious … more later .
Peel Sarah off to do the ‘ ezhibal ’ Feature
This is what normally happens , and in a “ normal ” non-agile environment , it ’s probably okay .
In a non-agile environment , Sarah has n’t made any commitments ( she ’s been forced to agree to dates and scope , etc. , but she has n’t made a commitment that she is empowered to live up to ) .
So if she goes off and does this one little thing , it probably will be just business as usual .
In an agile environment , the team has made a commitment and doing this work this way invalidates the team ’s commitment .
Why do we do it this way ?
The main reason is around trust and commitment .
Yup , it ’s that soft icky stuff that we ’re so incredibly bad at that customers think that bugs are normal , that management shoves the kitchen sink into projects in the frustrated hope that they ’ll get something out of the IT team at the end of the project .
Sound familiar to anyone ?
Anyway .
An iteration is a commitment .
It is a firm and solid commitment .
The team as a group of smart and honorable people is making a definite commitment to the rest of the organization to get a certain amount of work done in a fixed amount of time .
In return , management is agreeing to give the team every support in reaching this commitment .
When a team is new at this , they might get it wrong .
But having done this with dozens of teams now , I know that after a few tries , the team gets the hang of it and commits to appropriate amounts of work , and management provides appropriate levels of support .
This commitment is essential for developing trust .
And anything that comes in the way of the team meeting its commitment is considered “ BAD ” .
An obstacle to do away with .
This is interesting , because Joel ’s second example is about defects .
And I strongly agree that defects are “ BAD ” and need to be dealt with at a very high level of priority .
The reason is simple : they prevent a team from meeting its commitment .
One team I was coaching was constantly bombarded by these types of it ’ll - just - take - a - few - minutes - need - it - asap requests .
They had many stakeholders and very very limited resources to service these requests .
They had several small projects that were taking literally years to do because they could n’t get enough concentrated time on any one thing .
This was considered normal and good in their environment .
The trouble is , no one had really looked at the overall consequences .
Everyone was doing local optimization .
For us geeks , we all know that local optimization is something to be avoided if possible .
We climb a peak only to discover that we have to climb back down a ways to get up to the higher peak we now see is next to this one .
We climb up that one only to discover yet another higher peak even further along thus requiring us to climb down and up again …
When really what we should have done is stepped back a ways , looked at the lay of the land and said , “ hey , that peak over there is the highest of them all , let ’s go climb that one . ”
Scrum helps us avoid local optimization by forcing all feature requests for a team to be prioritized in a list of work , and by allowing the team to complete small pieces of work so it actually gets _something_ done that you can learn from .
Joel said :
Agile is not supposed to be about swapping out one set of bureaucratic , rigid procedures for another equally rigid set of procedures that still does n’t take customer ’s needs into account .
True enough !
But it also demonstrates a serious lack of understanding about what is being done in Dmitri ’s example !
First of all , without being agile at all , it is possible to switch from 18 month projects to two week projects .
Both can be bureaucratic as you please ( well , actually , there ’s only so much bureaucracy you can cram into two weeks and still get something done ) .
The shorter projects will allow you to be much more responsive to customer needs … by definition !
So what happens when you add in all the other things that agile really is about ?
Transparency .
Truthfulness .
Creativity .
Learning .
Meta -Learning .
Prioritization .
Self - Organizating Teams .
Eliminating Waste .
Well , first of what you get is something that ’s damn hard to do right .
It goes against almost everything we ’ve been taught to do : the extreme of heroics of the extreme of careful planning and process .
Secondly , what you get is something that needs safety zones and meta-rules .
Like mutual , freely - given , team - to - stakeholders commitment .
Like assuming positive intent .
And thirdly , what you get is an environment where not only is the business getting what it needs more than it used to , but also , the team likes working with the business , and the business likes working with the team .
I admit that the point Joel is making is n’t too different .
Yes : look at the costs and the benefits .
But agile is n’t quite about instantaneous responsiveness .
That ’s a red herring and I ’m suprised that Joel threw it ’s stinky carcass into the discussion .
Agile is also about balancing that responsiveness with the overall view of value for the team and the organization .
The tool for doing that is the prioritized list of work , not the email message from Sales Guy to Sarah .
' I 'm kind of worried about what to get my mum .
Her birthday 's coming up , ' admits Rachel Kesel , a 26 - year - old geography student at San Francisco State University .
The reason for the anxiety is that she is six months into a one - year pledge not to buy anything new - underwear and a few other essentials aside .
Kesel and 10 of her friends bought no new items in 2006 , and many have renewed the ' compact ' , as their pledge is called , this year .
Their abstinence includes not buying presents , which makes birthdays a challenge .
In the past , Kesel has given creative non-materialistic gifts or donations to good causes .
' I just do n't think my mum gets why I 'm doing this , ' she says .
' She knows I love her , but she 's going to think I 'm such an ungrateful brat . '
It might be easy to dismiss the compact as a West Coast fad , but it appears to be on the verge of spawning an international pro-environment , anti-consumerist movement .
Some 8,100 people have joined its online group and other ' compacts ' have sprung up in places such as Iceland and Hong Kong .
The name comes from earlier pioneering puritans , the Mayflower pilgrims .
The ' Mayflower compact ' was their civil agreement to abide by laws created after their arrival at Plymouth Rock in 1620 .
The 21st - century ' compacters ' commit to swapping shopping for borrowing , trading or building from scratch in a programme of self - denial .
It means they cannot buy anything new for up to 365 days , with a few exceptions for health and hygiene reasons .
This is hardcore : they are only allowed to buy new underwear ( nothing fancy ) and socks .
The original compact members are reluctant ambassadors for the movement .
' It started with four of us over dinner one night and that 's how it was meant to be , a challenge among friends , ' says John Perry , who works in Silicon Valley .
' We certainly never meant to proselytise , not even to our close friends .
The issues for me were always to do with sustainability , the runaway consumer and shopping culture , and how destructive those things can be . '
He has two sons , one of whom , at 15 months old , has ' spent his entire life in secondhand clothes ' .
So how difficult was it to stick to the deal ?
' The real surprise was how easy it was , ' Perry says .
' There was very little by way of temptation and compromise . '
New York journalist Judith Levine , author of Not Buying
It , wrote about her experience of giving up shopping for a year : ' I felt disgusted with the way the Bush regime and [ then New York mayor Rudy ] Giuliani had conflated patriotism with shopping after 9/11 . '
The day after the terrorist strike , Giuliani exhorted New Yorkers to : ' Show you 're not afraid ... go shopping .'
She decided to try ' an experiment ' not to shop .
' One of the long - term effects was that it showed me that I could happily live on a lot less , and that has made me better able to save and to plan my financial future without thinking " to hell with it , I 'll never retire " . '
She also cleared her $ 8,000 Visa bill .
Perry believes that by refraining from buying , he saves ' a few hundred dollars a month on unnecessary and impulse purchases ' and thousands every year on larger buys like furniture and kitchen appliances :
' The extra money means we now overpay on the mortgage and contribute more to the kids ' college funds . '
Of course , many in Britain will find it a bit rich taking lessons on socially aware consumerism from the US .
' I do n't think we 're as shouty about it as they are in the US , ' says Vicky Kingston , of charity the London Community Recycling Network .
' A lot of people do the same thing over here , but just plod along doing it . '
The success of websites such as Freecycle ( where you can give away or pick up unwanted stuff , free of charge ) or eBay represents a new trend toward recycling as well as a rejection of consumerism .
Charity shops are also recording brisk business .
Shelter reports ' a steady year - on - year increase ' in the number of secondhand items being brought into its shops by the public .
Jenny Greenfield , deputy director of trading at Shelter , believes that the likes of Kate Moss and Chloe Sevigny have made the thrift - shop ' look ' hip again .
' More than being just another fashion trend , it also suggests a growing awareness in people 's minds about the importance of recycling , reusing and raising money for charity , rather than just throwing unwanted items away , ' she says .
Oxfam alone says it sells 3 million secondhand items , including 16,000 tonnes of clothing , every month .
How to be a compacter
The aims
· To go beyond recycling in trying to counteract the negative global environmental and socio-economic impacts of consumer culture , to resist global corporatism and to support local businesses , farms , etc .
· To cut clutter and waste in our homes .
· To simplify our lives .
The rule
· Don't buy new products - borrow or buy used .
The exceptions are food , drink , medicine ( no elective treatments like Viagra or Botox ) , necessary cleaning products but not equipment ( a new Dyson , for example , is not allowed ) , socks and underwear ( utilitarian only ) and pyjamas for the children .
To find out more about the compact http://sfcompact.blogspot.com/
Genting Casino / Bet Promo Code 2020 : obtain a bonus up to £ 400
T&Cs apply | Wagering and T&Cs apply | Commercial content | New Customers Only | 18 +
New players of Genting Casino can now receive generous bonuses when they sign - up with the Genting Bet promo code .
In this case , you can expect a £ 10 sports betting bonus .
Those that will register using the Genting Casino promo code will receiveUp to £ 400 in Casino Bonuses !
Here is the full list of valid and verified Genting promo codes :
Each Genting promo code unlocks a different special promo .
For starters , you could go after the 100 % casino bonus .
Following is a table that highlights the offers that can be claimed with a Genting Casino promo code .
Genting bonus offer Promotion details Genting promo code Genting Bet promo code £ 10 Free Bet Show all codes >>
Used by 0 players in the last 7 days Show all codes >>
Used by 0 players in the last 7 days Genting Casino promo code Up to £ 400 in Casino Bonuses Show all codes >>
Show all codes >>
Last check : [ current_date format=’j’] -[ current_date format=’m ’]-[ current_date format= ’Y ’]
Genting Bet bonus T&Cs :
Key T&C : New Customers .
First settled bet £ /€10 + ( £ /€10 E/W+ ) at odds 2.0+ qualifies .
If first settled bet loses , free bet credited within 24 hours of bet settlement , use within 7 days , Stake not returned .
Full T&Cs Apply .
Genting Casino bonus T&Cs :
New Customers .
Deposits between £ 20 - £ 100 ( max 4 ) wagered 35 x ( % game weightings apply ) within 30 days on qualifying slot games will unlock cash bonuses of an equal amount .
15 days to accept / opt into each bonus .
Full T&Cs Apply .
Note :
The sportsbook offer is a first bet insurance bonus , which means that the operator will cover your back if your first bet loses by giving you back £ 10 as a bonus .
How can I use the Genting promo code ?
To use the Genting Casino promo code or the Genting Bet promotional code ( depending on which offer you are after ) , you will need to create an account .
Here is how :
Click on the button below this list .
Hit the Join Now tab on the top right - hand corner of the screen .
Complete the sign - up form with the correct details .
Enter the promo code in the corresponding field of the registration form if you want to claim the sportsbook or casino offer .
Finalise your registration .
Now , you can make a deposit that satisfies the bonus requirements .
Genting Promotional Code Bonus Details
Below are the terms and conditions of both bonuses offered from the promo code at this given time .
Genting Bet Welcome Bonus ( using the Genting Bet promo code )
The bonus is available only to new players , over 18 years old .
The minimum deposit is £ 10 .
The deposit should be placed on any selection of single bets of at least 2.00 odds .
You will receive your free bet if your selection loses .
Wagering requirements apply so that you can withdraw your bonus - related earnings .
so that you can withdraw your bonus - related earnings .
The free bet is valid for 14 days after receiving it .
Genting Casino Welcome Bonus ( using the Genting Casino promo code )
Only the first deposit counts towards meeting the bonus requirements .
towards meeting the bonus requirements .
Wagering restrictions apply ( 35 x the deposit + bonus sum ) .
( 35 x the deposit + bonus sum ) .
Certain games carry different weighting %.
The maximum bonus is £ 400
You must claim the bonus within 15 days .
Other promos you can get for Genting Casino and Genting Bet
The operator keeps players ’ interest high with regular promotions that add to the overall thrill of the Genting online adventure .
At the time of this writing , the available promos for new players are :
Genting Casino : Convert Genting Points into Cash
Although this is not a new player offer per se , it is a promotion that is definitely worth bearing in mind as it enables you to accumulate Genting Points every time you play a game at the casino .
As long as you play ( win or lose makes no difference ) , you receive points that you can convert into real cash and then use on any game you prefer .
Now , how many points exactly you earn from your casino activities depends on the games you select to play .
You can find more details about which of your points can be turned into cash by viewing My Account tab .
Just hurry because the Genting Points you collect are valid for 6 months – then they become void .
Other betting promo codes to claim
How about these offers ?
Available games & betting markets
Both Genting products , Casino and Sportsbook , host a great array of opportunities for its players to enjoy their experience .
Genting Casino Games Selection
The Asian - style operator has clearly put an enormous amount of effort to its online casino , which is why one can find a plethora of games powered by some of the most respected games developers , such as Playtech , IGT , and Novomatic .
With more than 300 titles available , slots representing the majority of options , you get to choose between some old - time classics such as Starburst and Rainbow Riches and titles that boost your adrenaline levels , the likes of The Mummy or Dolphin ’s Pearl Deluxe .
Now , if you fancy big jackpots , the casino comes forward with nearly 20 of them , including the Genie Jackpot and Mega Jackpots : Isle o’Plenty .
For those that prefer the excitement of a live casino , Evolution Gaming and Playtech have given their best , offering online gamblers with a broad spectrum of roulette tables ( 7 in total ) , which include Live Roulette and Immersive Roulette .
Lovers of blackjack , baccarat , and poker can also expect an impeccable user experience .
From Live Blackjack and Blackjack Party to ultimate Texas Hold ’em , and Caribbean Stud Poker , more than 20 table games are readily available to satisfy your online gambling endeavours .
Genting Bet Sports Betting Markets
The bookmaker offers a comprehensive sportsbook with dozens of sports , leagues , competitions , and events available to bet .
The great thing about sports betting at Genting Bet is that you are always spoilt for choice , given that each event and sport features a long list of its own markets to choose from .
Of course , the main focus is on football , tennis , and horse racing , which is why you will find the best odds and the most extensive array of betting markets there .
However , more unique bets are also available , from cycling and handball to snooker , baseball , cricket , and darts .
Basketball , Rugby Union , golf , baseball , ice hockey , boxing , Aussie Rules , and motorsports are also well - represented .
Fancy special markets ?
You could check out the competitions that run from time to time , asking you to bet on things like the best sports personality of the year and more .
Mobile apps
There are two ways to take Genting Bet or the Casino on the go :
download the dedicated app or use your mobile browser to access the fully - optimised HTML5 mobile site .
To get things started , you need to create an account and then select the iOS or Android app from the My Account section .
Alternatively , iOS - powered mobile users could head to iTunes directly and download the app from there .
As for Android users , as long as they have a 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich system or higher , they can be certain of a smooth operation .
The fantastic news about the Genting apps is that they incorporate both the sportsbook and casino client so that players wo n’t need to download two different apps or have to switch between accounts when they want to move from betting to playing and vice versa .
When it comes to the overall design and interface , everything is particularly user - friendly and easy to understand , with cutting - edge graphics and several nifty changes that make using a touchscreen a breeze .
Of course , both the app and mobile site are fully functional , offering the most important features and games of the desktop version , plus handy filtering options that enable scrolling through the slots and sports catalogue much easier .
Genting payment options
The operator offers the most common funding methods , including :
Debit cards ( Visa Debit , Visa Delta , Maestro , and Visa Electron )
The Genting Casinos
Deposits are processed instantly and require a minimum deposit amount of £ 10 .
The exception are the ones made via the Genting UK Casinos , where a £ 50 deposit is the least needed .
Now , withdrawals can be made via Visa Debit , Visa Delta , Visa , Maestro , Visa Electron , and Switch cards and it takes between 3 - 4 working days to process .
Both deposits and withdrawals come with no transaction fees .
Genting Customer service
Genting Bet and Genting Casino players can contact the customer support department via :
Live chat ( 24/7 availability except for Christmas Day )
Email ( support[at] gentingbet.com )
Telephone ( call - back service available )
Note that the live chat feature is not available for mobile users , whether they use the Genting Casino or Sportsbook app .
Genting Bet & Casino : Final Thoughts
The operator impresses not only with its plethora of sports betting markets and casino games .
They also have generous welcome offers that can be further enhanced with the use of exclusive promo codes .
The available payment options are quite satisfactory , though the absence of e-wallets is a pain point .
As for the mobile options , both the mobile site and apps provide stellar user experiences on par with what users experience via the desktop platform .
Finally , the customer service is fast and efficient ( also available 24/7 ) but it would really be appreciated if the live chat feature was also an option for mobile users .
Overall , players are definitely pampered by both Genting Bet and Genting Casino .
What we like
What we do n’t like Generous welcome offers
No e-wallets Plethora of sports markets
No live chat for mobile players Lots of slots and live casino options
Genting promo code FAQs
In the following section , you will find the most commonly asked questions about either the Genting Casino promo code or the Genting Bet promo code .
Is there a valid Genting promotional code currently available ?
Indeed , there is a Genting Casino promotional code that unlocks a special welcome casino bonus and a Genting Bet promo code that provides an exclusive sports offer to fans of sports betting .
In the table at the beginning of this review , you will see a list of all available Genting Casino and Genting Bet promotional codes .
Who can claim this promo code offer ?
All Genting Bet promo code offer (s ) can be claimed only by new players that live in the UK and are at least 18 years old .
The same applies to those chasing the Genting Casino promotional code bonus ( es ) .
Can I use the promo code and get a bonus on Mobile ?
Although many special features are offered to mobile players , there is no mobile - specific bonus .
However , this could change at any given time .
Besides , you can sign - up and use your Genting Casino promo code ( or the Genting Bet promo code , depending on which bonus you want to claim ) from your portable device .
Then , you will be able to obtain the welcome offers the same way you would do from a desktop .
Can I claim this bonus in addition to other existing offers ?
In the majority of cases , the welcome offers cannot be used in conjunction with other promos , unless otherwise mentioned in the bonus terms and conditions .
I ca n’t seem to obtain the bonus , what should I do ?
If you are certain that you signed - up and used your Genting Casino promo code ( or the sports offer bonus code ) successfully , then it is recommended to seek the assistance of a customer support agent .
HOW TO AVOID VIRUSES HOW TO AVOID VIRUSES Keep anti-virus software up to date .
Maintain security patches for Internet Explorer .
Use firewall software .
Install software that scans websites for viruses .
Sources : Sophos , Websense , Exploit Prevention Labs Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook SAN FRANCISCO  Ordinary websites are fast - becoming a top security threat for PC users .
Tainted Web pages first appeared in late 2005 .
Now , they 're turning up as Google advertising links , on Wikipedia and elsewhere , " from top - tier names to mom and pop bakery shops , " says Dan Hubbard , vice president of security research at Websense .
VIDEO : How users can get " nailed in 30 seconds " Cybercrooks are corrupting Web pages by the tens of thousands .
By tapping holes in the Internet Explorer browser , they implant tiny programs that connect the PC of anyone who simply clicks on the tainted page to a " mother ship " server , often in Russia or China .
That central server collects data typed into online forms — banking log-ins and shopping cart transactions , for instance .
It also hijacks the captured PC into a network of compromised PCs , known as " bots , " to spread spam .
In one recent sweep , security firm Cyveillance identified 50,000 corrupted pages .
Websense estimates the actual number may be 10 times that .
Cyveillance often recovers caches of sensitive data for 10,000 to 200,000 individuals stored on mother ship servers , says product manager James Brooks .
Last week , Exploit Prevention Labs discovered that anyone who Googled " betterbusinessbureau " saw a sponsored link to " www.bbb.org, " a legitimate site , among the paid - for search results bordering Google pages .
But a crook had purchased the ad .
Clicking on it connected the PC to a server in Russia that silently captured sensitive data typed by the PC user on all Web page forms .
" It speaks to the level of cunning and sophistication of the bad guys , " says Roger Thompson , chief technical officer of Exploit Prevention Labs .
Google deleted the tainted ad " as soon as we were made aware of the problem , " spokeswoman Diana Adair says .
The search giant would not say how many similar ads it has taken down .
Some corrupters taint and wait .
On the Friday before the Super Bowl , anyone who visited the Dolphin Stadium website got connected to a server in China .
It was poised to gather access codes for the popular PC game World of Warcraft .
The thief sought to loot better weapons and spells from football fans who happen to be WOW gamers .
Other corrupters use e-mail as a lure .
Millions of spam e-mails with a bogus alert about Australian Prime Minister John Howard suffering a heart attack circulated in February .
Clicking on a news link connected the recipient to a server set up to collect data from the transaction pages of 60 banks .
Most often , attacks use fresh security holes in Internet Explorer , the dominant browser .
China and the USA have the most websites tainted with viruses , security vendor Sophos says .
Swartz reported from San Francisco ; Acohido from Seattle Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Without your " junk DNA " you might be reading this article while hanging upside down by your tail .
That 's one of the key findings of the opossum genome - sequencing project , and a surprising group is embracing the results : intelligent - design advocates .
Since the early ' 70s , many scientists have believed that a large amount of many organisms ' DNA is useless junk .
But recently , genome researchers are finding that these " noncoding " genome regions are responsible for important biological functions .
The opossum data revealed that more than 95 percent of the evolutionary genetic changes in humans since the split with a common human - possum ancestor occurred in the " junk " regions of the genome .
Creationists say it's also evidence that God created all life , because God does not create junk .
Nothing in creation , they say , was left to chance .
" It is a confirmation of a natural empirical prediction or expectation of the theory of intelligent design , and it disconfirms the neo- Darwinian hypothesis , " said Stephen Meyer , director of the Center for Science and Culture at the Discovery Institute in Seattle .
Advocates like Meyer are increasingly latching onto scientific evidence to support the theory of intelligent design , a modern arm of creationism that claims life is not the result of natural selection but of an intelligent creator .
Most scientists believe that intelligent design is not science .
But Meyer says the opossum data supports intelligent design 's prediction that junk DNA sequences are n't random , but important genetic material .
It 's an argument Meyer makes in his yet - to - be- published manuscript , The DNA Enigma .
Scientists have made several discoveries about what some call the " dark matter of the genome " in recent years , but they say the research holds up the theory of natural selection rather than creationism .
In May 2007 , Stanford scientists identified more than 10,000 " snippets " of DNA that are not genes but have been conserved across species throughout evolution .
When genes are conserved through natural selection , it 's usually because they have important functions .
In this case the researchers believe the DNA snippets are associated with early development .
" We are saying it 's functional because we observe this trajectory of a hundred million years , " said Gill Bejerano , an assistant professor of developmental biology and computer science at Stanford and co-author of the paper on the 10,000 DNA snippets .
" If you disbelieve this process , then from your perspective , we have n't found anything interesting in the genome . "
Geneticist Susumu
Ohno coined the phrase " junk DNA " in his 1972 paper , " So Much ' Junk ' DNA in our Genome . "
Four years later , Richard Dawkins published The Selfish Gene , which popularized the idea that genes are the basis of evolutionary selection .
Any DNA that was not actively trying to get to the next generation – namely junk DNA – was slowly decaying away through mutation , Dawkins wrote .
With scientists increasingly believing that so - called junk DNA regulates other genes , among other functions , creationists like Michael Behe , a biochemistry professor at Lehigh University in Pennsylvania and author of the controversial new book on intelligent design , The Edge of Evolution , are more than happy to point out their errors .
" From the very beginning Darwinism thought whatever it did n't understand must be simple , must be nonfunctional , " Behe said .
" It 's only in retrospect that Darwinists try to fit that into their theory . "
Part of the difficulty in studying junk DNA is that it 's impossible to prove a negative , i.e. , that any particular DNA does not have a function .
That 's why T. Ryan Gregory , an assistant professor in biology at the University of Guelph , believes that nonfunctional should be the default assumption .
" Function at the organism level is something that requires evidence , " he said .
Many scientists , including Francis Collins , author of The Language of God and director of the National Human Genome Research Institute , believe that " junk " may have been an overstatement from the beginning .
Collins is known for believing in both evolution and God , but he stops short of using junk DNA as proof of God as the master of creation .
" I 've stopped using the term , " Collins said .
" Think about it the way you think about stuff you keep in your basement .
Stuff you might need some time .
Go down , rummage around , pull it out if you might need it . "
" Obviously ' junk ' is pretty much a colloquial term , " said Stanford 's Bejerano .
" There 's no scientific definition of what is junk . "
ボックスミューラー法の凄さを実感してみようの回。
いや、何となく書いたので。
use Strict ; use Benchmark ; use Math :: Random : : MT qw ( srand rand ) ; use Math :: Trig ; # N( 0,1 ) を作る。 my $ N1 = 100000 ; #乱数を作る回数 my $ N2 = 12 ; # 中心極限定理 srand ( 1 ) ; # 中心極限定理 my $ t0 = new Benchmark ; foreach ( 1 .. $ N1 ) { my $ current = 0 ; foreach ( 1 .. $ N2 ) { $ current = $ current + rand ( 1 ) ; } my $ rand = $ current - 6 ; # 12 個 足 し て6 を引く } my $ t1 = new Benchmark ; my $ td = timediff ( $ t1 , $ t0 ) ; print " the code took : " , timestr ( $td ) , "
" ; # ボックス・ミューラー法 my $ t2 = new Benchmark ; foreach ( 1 .. $ N1 ) { my $ alpha = rand ( 1 ) ; my $ beta = rand ( 1 ) ; my $ rand1 = sqrt ( - 2 * log ( $ alpha ) ) * sin( 2 * pi * $ beta ) ; my $ rand2 = sqrt ( - 2 * log ( $ beta ) ) * sin( 2 * pi * $ alpha ) ; } my $ t3 = new Benchmark ; my $ td = timediff ( $ t3 , $ t2 ) ; print " the code took : " , timestr ( $td ) , "
" ;
BACK to jrm&aWebFLUX Newz& Viewz
This item is my edited e-mail reply to a reader who told me he has recently become one of the rich as defined in my page
The super - rich , the ' plain ' rich , the ' poorest ' rich ... and everyone else .
He said he generally agrees with me about the necessity of helping the poor , but also feels the masses often try to force the rich to pony up when they should n't .
And that rich heirs likely do deserve the windfalls they receive .
He also wonders why the rich ( by paying higher taxes , etc. ) should help poor Americans , who are likely better off already than poor third worlders .
There 's a bit more of course , as hinted at in my reply .
But I took these points as the gist .
For privacy reasons I 'm not including his email text or address , or full name .
Note that I am an American , and a member of the 99 % of the American population who is n't rich .
Thanks Henry !
I must say upfront you 're the first officially ' rich ' person I 've ever knowingly communicated with -- if you truly fit the criteria ( a minimum of $ 400,000 a year income even if you do n't do any work at all ) .
Up to now when folks contacted me saying they fit the conditions , it ended up that they mostly expected to get there in the near future , and had n't quite made it yet .
As for taxes ... keep in mind our discussion here is necessarily made upon a contrived playing field , as currently America pours ungodly amounts of tax money into subsidizing the owners of various parts of the mammoth military - industrial complex , exactly as WWII Allies Supreme Commander and later Republican President Eisenhower warned us against .
To try justifying this outrageous decades - long boondoggle , our leaders have repeatedly taken the country to war or proxy war with little or no provocation since the end of WWII ( often the initiating spark turns out to be staged , and / or an outright lie ) .
So untold thousands of lives have been needlessly wasted too along the way .
And the potential productivity of the world likely stunted as well ( leaving virtually all of us poorer today than we should be ) .
Anyway , if American military and intelligence spending was more in line with that of other developed nations , there 'd be much less of a tax squeeze to discuss at all .
So in a truly rational world , we 'd address that problem before ever getting to the debate between individual opportunity and social responsibility .
From the research I cite on my web site , it appears the origins of most fortunes are at best unethical , and at worst criminal ( or even genocidal ) .
Yes , some of them entailed some hard work along the way -- but a large proportion of that work frequently consisted of Mafia - style gangland plotting and torturing and killing .
For instance , the royal families of Europe basically hail from the most prolific killers and thieves to ever stalk the continent .
But everyone ignores that today .
It 's much more fun to gossip about princes and princesses and their castles .
Likewise , many American fortunes possess heinous roots .
So in those cases do you think the children of such folks should inherit those typically ever growing fortunes , generation after generation ?
Basically that 's the same as saying if a serial killer got rich from his murder campaign , should n't his kids get to keep the money ?
Or that the descendents of high - ranking Nazis should get to share in the booty those guys stole during WWII .
You talk about the less fortunate trying to take by force from the rich what they could not get otherwise .
But the truth is most of today 's fortunes themselves were taken by force or deception from the lower class masses .
Whether by the royal families of the Old World , or the Ken Lays ( Enron , et al ) of the New , the poorer folks typically had little choice in the thievery .
Sure , just by the randomness of nature , there has to be a handful of folks here and there who got rich without wholesale theft or injury to their fellow man .
But the vast majority most decidedly did not .
Even with the massive on - going attempts to keep it out of the public consciousness , that is still obvious from the information available today ( I provide references on my site ; and what I display is just a small sample of the whole in my possession ) .
But even for those few who came by their fortunes innocently , and by the sweat of their own brow , there 's still plenty of reasons to give back to society and the less fortunate .
For instance , here 's a few plain selfish ones :
Getting the most bang for your buck
Some of the wealthiest people who ever lived made statements to the effect that they actually had far more money than required to maintain their preferred lifestyle :
" As H.L. Hunt ( born 1889 , died 1974 ) once said , " ... for practical purposes , someone who has $ 200,000 a year is as well off as I am . "
William Henry Vanderbilt and John Jacob Astor made similar statements concerning various amounts adjusted for inflation . "
-- see reference list for this at How to get rich in America REFERENCE
So after you 're set for life in your preferred style , the remainder of your money is basically useless to you .
At least in terms of any direct benefit to you personally .
But let 's say you want to squeeze out the last bit of advantage you can , for your own good .
The question is , how ?
Well , if you do n't mind investing for the long term , and deriving IN - direct benefits from your funds , there turns out to be quite a few juicy opportunities for you , of the ' helping - the - less - fortunate ' variety .
For instance , even if I was fabulously wealthy , and could easily pay all the medical bills for my own friends and family out of my own pocket , I 'd still also want to pay taxes for universal healthcare .
Why ?
Because of how far more maladies are turning out to be infectious than we ever dreamed , only a few short years ago .
Even some forms of cancer , insanity , obesity , and auto - immune diseases like diabetes are turning out to be contagious .
So letting them run wild across the population puts everyone at increased risk , no matter their income .
And in the case of a natural epidemic ( or full - blown bioweapon unleashed from a lab accident or terrorist act ) , a universal healthcare system would likely give us earlier warning than the patchwork system we presently possess , and greatly increase our chance to save ourselves with counter - measures .
( I list some older references for these items in The enormous hidden costs to society of ' right - wing ' political governance REFERENCE but have collected tons of newer ones since that original writing , which I simply have n't had time to add to the page )
And universal healthcare would save us tax money down the road , too .
Other developed countries which have it pay far less in total medical bills than we do , and are healthier overall stats - wise .
Part of this stems from poor and middle - class mothers getting better prenatal care in those places , so children are born with fewer chronic problems to weigh them down ( and everyone else , tax - wise ) over a lifetime .
Heck : it turns out the environmental well - being of your grandparents can actually dictate much of your own life - long quality of health !
" It may be that most or all the worst health ailments suffered by adults today can be laid at the door of the circumstances surrounding their development in the womb , and what sort of stress and nutritional environment their mother was exposed to at the time -- or even those each of their parents themselves faced in their own mothers ' wombs .
For this sort of thing frequently gets passed on to later generations .
It may well be that individual behavior does n't play the controlling role in determining these conditions .
Rather , the state of society and the environment themselves may dominate the outcome .
From these findings it would appear crucial to not only the health of today 's populations , but that of unborn future generations , for both business and government to do their utmost to ensure a clean environment , legal justice , as much education as practical , and decent economic opportunities for all .
-- Theory Says Disease Tendencies Begin in Womb ( washingtonpost.com )
By Rob Stein ; July 7 , 2003 ; Page A04 "
--
The enormous hidden costs to society of ' right - wing ' political governance REFERENCE
And what of the sick poor in the third world ?
Is there any selfish reason for us to help them with medical care too ?
Yes .
For one thing , the poor of the third world are often in closer contact with wild flora and fauna than we in the developed nations , as well as the toxic detritus of world industry .
That close contact makes the third world a breeding ground for new plagues / diseases , which could easily sweep the entire world within weeks of an outbreak .
But possessing their own robust local health infrastructure would greatly reduce the risk of any fresh epidemic arising there .
As well as provide valuable new medical knowledge concerning the results of human exposure to pollutants and new contagions -- knowledge which is increasingly relevant to us first - worlders too , as we slowly saturate the globe with such poisons ( including our own lands ) , and make it ever easier for epidemics to travel the world within hours via air travel and bioweapons development ...
There 's also good reason to educate third - worlders .
For then they'd be better able to help us discover and exploit the many medical boons still to be discovered in their wild backyards .
Natural shortcuts it could otherwise require trillions of dollars and thousands of man-years to reap through our present biotech methods .
And some of this knowledge is far closer to acquiring than many realize : locked up in local herb and healing expertise of village elders .
Awaiting only the properly educated native to obtain .
Tantalyzingly close !
And yes , I do n't mind paying taxes to pay for education , either .
Being surrounded by idiots is n't only boring , frustrating , and unproductive : it 's downright dangerous .
Even for the rich .
Maybe especially for the rich .
For they have far more to lose than the rest of us , in many situations .
And when you come right down to it , the rich are far more dependent upon the smarts and expertise of others , than the poor .
Like how ?
Accountants , lawyers , cooks , maids , butlers , chauffuers , taxi drivers , auto mechanics , nannies , plumbers , electricians , groundskeepers , security guards , secretaries and assistants , personal shoppers , bodyguards , etc. , all spring immediately to mind , as just some of the people many of the rich may depend upon virtually every day , but whom the poor must avoid like the plague ( due to the expense ) .
Sufficient incompetence on the part of any of these personnel could well cause irreparable damage of one sort or another to even the richest person on Earth .
When I hire somebody , I want the best smarts in them I can get .
Not providing education for kids will eventually get me exactly the opposite of that .
And what about all the ongoing research and development to cure all those things which can ail even the richest of us as we get older ?
Does anyone want FEWER smart people working on that stuff ?
Or dumber people ?
The less we invest in education , the slower our pace of innovation will be across - the - board .
Heck : since the rich typically get first crack at the newest medical advances ( because such tends to be expensive ) they actually have the most to lose from slowing down tech progress by restricting the educational opportunities for the masses !
We can't know -- none of us , rich or poor -- who or what exactly we 're going to desperately need tomorrow -- or ten years from now .
-- You Can't Predict Who Will Change The World by Nassim Nicholas Taleb ; 05.24.07 ; forbes.com
All we can do is encourage those willing to work towards laudable goals of every sort , in whatever ways we can .
Is free education up through college level for all starting to sound better than you thought ?
Turns out it 's an old idea .
Other developed nations -- which incidentally enjoy healthier populations today than America -- have already been doing this for a long time now .
America though remains sitting in the corner wearing a dunce cap , where such free college and universal healthcare are concerned .
Partly , no doubt , because many wealthy Americans fail to see what 's in it for them .
Although we all ( or most of us ) are often frustrated in regards to figuring out exactly how civilization might best offer as much equality of opportunity and security to everyone , without unduly penalizing or hampering those individuals truly responsible for kicking off the generation of fabulous new sources of wealth in the first place ( like the two young Steves responsible for starting Apple Computer , and thereby making personal computers a reality ) , as a species we seem to have some innate drive to seek out such a balance .
To instinctively know the gist of what needs to be done , even if we can't yet grasp the details involved .
-- Natural Born Communists ?
Some economic game theory suggests we may be .
by Ronald Bailey | April 20 , 2007
There 's also this :
" Either excessive wealth or poverty can lead to a greater tendency towards mental illness related suicide ... but the wealthy person is a bit more likely to commit suicide than the poor one , under these conditions .
So it would appear an increased redistribution of wealth from rich to poor would actually help reduce suicide rates among both groups .
-- Wealth Tied to Suicide Risk in the Mentally Ill ; Reuters Health / Yahoo !
Health Headlines ; February 9 2001 ; citing British Medical Journal 2001;322:334-335
-- Poor less likely to commit suicide ; Agence France - Presse ; February 10 , 2001 ; Nando Media / Nando Times ; http://www.nandotimes.com
-- Greater suicide risk amongst rich people with mental illness ; EurekAlert ! ; 8 FEBRUARY 2001 ; Contact : Emma Wilkinson ; ewilkinson@bmj.com ; 44-20-7383-6529 ; BMJ - British Medical Journal "
-- How to get rich in America REFERENCE
I can't know for sure , but that research regarding suicide may correlate somewhat with one of the odder aspects of my own experience .
Namely , lucid dreaming .
In my article Playing God I write about my experience with lucid dreaming , where I experienced something like being wealthy , I suppose : having total control of my dreams made my every wish come true there .
But I got ' stuck ' in that mode for a while , and soon could n't stand it anymore .
It seemed to ruin dreaming for me .
So I had to stop it somehow .
I know this may sound contradictory .
Please read the article to see how it quickly became unbearable .
Both willful and accidental deaths by their own hand seem to afflict a surprisingly large percentage of the wealthy .
Perhaps some are experiencing their own version of what I did in lucid dreaming .
And so could find a remedy in giving up some portion of their power , just as I did .
In other words , the rich might simply feel better and live easier by giving away some part of their fortune to worthy causes .
Sorry if I come off as a little aggressive here Henry .
But my own research on these topics shocked me years back , and I really never have quite gotten over it .
Well , that 's the best I 've got off the top of my head .
I hope there 's something here you find useful in your deliberations .
And if you really are a good guy who 's actually making his fortune against overwhelming odds out there , I wish you success beyond your wildest dreams !
For we surely need more like you !
I 'm hoping that someday soon an ' economic Einstein ' will figure out some way to truly put the American Dream in reach of everyone who wants it badly enough , via an honest and productive conduit -- maybe through the internet , or some derivative of same .
For there 's so much human potential out there that 's currently going to waste .
If we could somehow turn that around and tap into it , I 'm sure the world would fast become a better place for us all .
My own ideas in this regard can be found in the links below :
The ultimate breakfast manifesto OR
How to make a scarcity out of scarcity
How to make money with your web site ( self - employment )
Civilization 's best defensive measures against war , terrorism , technological stagnation , and economic ruin
-- JR
BACK to jrm&aWebFLUX Newz& Viewz
Here 's my transcript of John Kerry questioning Sam Fox , George W. Bush 's nominee to be U.S. ambassador to Belgium -- and a massive 2004 donor to Swift Boat Veterans for Truth -- before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Tuesday .
There was a bit more than this at the start of Kerry 's segment , but this is the part where Kerry questions
Fox about being involved with such notorious smear merchants .
* * * * * Kerry :
Let me ask a few questions that go to something that I think is important , which is a question of both a combination of citizenship and judgment , if you will , is the way I might phrase it .
And I want to try to ask these questions as fairly as possible , and not try to play some kind of gotcha game here , I assure you .
But it 's important to me in thinking through this issue of judgment to explore this a little bit .
I assume that you believe that the truth in public life is important .
Fox :
Yes , sir .
Kerry :
And might I ask you what your opinion is with respect to the state of American politics , as regards the politics of personal destruction ?
Fox : Senator , I am on record more than one time , several times , being interviewed by the press and particularly the St. Louis Post - Dispatch .
And I am very concerned with the amount of money that 's going into politics and I 'm more concerned about the fact that politics has become mean and destructive .
And , when I was interviewed in 2000 , I said that I was very …
I was for campaign finance reform because I felt that if less money was going into politics , it would turn the whole volume down .
And if we turn the volume down , I would hope there would be less meanness and destructiveness .
When 527s came along , I had the very same thing to say about them .
So that 's the way I feel and , Senator , let me just say this : I 'm against 527s , I 've always been against 527s .
I think , again , they 're mean and destructive , I think they 've hurt a lot of good , decent people .
And , Senator Kerry , I very much respect your dedicated service to this country .
I know that you were not drafted -- you volunteered .
You went to Vietnam .
You were wounded .
Highly decorated .
Senator , you 're a hero .
And there is n’t anybody or anything that 's going to take that away from you .
But yet 527s tried to .
And with the same token , on the other side of the aisle , 527s , one 527 went so far as to compare the president of the United States with Adolph Hitler .
So I am on public record as being against 527s because of all the meanness and I 'm against the amount of money that goes into political campaigns , for the same reason .
Not once or twice , but three or four times .
And I would just , I wish , that Congress could find a way to either ban 527s or at least regulate them .
Kerry : I certainly appreciate the comments you just made , Mr. Fox , and I 'm not looking for anyone to call me a hero .
I think that most heroes died , and do die , and those of us who are lucky enough to get out of there are lucky .
But notwithstanding the comments you made , you did see fit to contribute a very significant amount of money in October to a group called Swift Boat Veterans for Truth , correct ?
Fox : Correct .
Kerry :
Why would you do that given what you just said about how bad they are ?
Fox : Well , Senator , I have to put it in the proper context and bear with me .
Marilyn and I have lived the American dream -- there 's no question about it .
My father came here with the clothes on his back and the Fox family and the Woodman family have truly lived the American dream that 's been very , very good to us .
I heard someone mention here that we gave to 250 charities .
I also went back and had my staff count in '05 and ' 06 , we 've made more than 1,000 contributions .
More than 100 of those were political , 900 and some odd were charitable and to institutions of learning and so forth .
A great deal of those had to do with basic human needs .
I think it was Senator Danforth who mentioned every time he got a letter that had Harbour Group on it , he shuddered because it was going to cost him money .
Marilyn and I both raise a lot of money from a lot of people .
The point I 'm making is this :
We ask a lot of people for money and people ask us for money .
And very fortunately , we 've been blessed with being successful financially and when we 're asked , we generally give -- particularly if we know who gave it .
Kerry :
So , well , who asked you to give to the SBVT ?
Fox : I can't tell you specifically who did because , you know , I do n’t remember .
As a matter of fact , if I …
Kerry :
You have no recollection of why you gave away $ 50,000 ?
Fox : I gave away $ 50,000 because I was asked to .
Kerry :
But you have no recollection of who asked you to give away $ 50,000 ?
Fox :
No , sir .
I 've given away sums much larger than that to a lot of other places and I can't tell you specifically who asked me , no .
Kerry :
Well , you do n’t think that 's it 's important as a citizen , who does n’t like 527s to know where your money is going and how it ’s going to be spent ?
Fox :
Well , I think with most contributors and if you go to the other side of the political campaigns and we give to individual candidates , we do n’t know how they ’re going to use that money and what …
Kerry :
Well at least it 's accountable to an individual candidate for whom people have to vote or not vote .
527s as you said are mean , ugly and not accountable .
Fox : I agree with that .
I absolutely agree with that .
Kerry :
Why would you give $ 50,000 to a group you have no sense of accountability for ?
Fox :
Well , because if 527s were banned , then it 's banned for both parties .
And so long as they ’re not banned …
Kerry :
So two wrongs make a right ?
Fox :
Well , I do n’t know , but if one side is contributing then the other side …
Kerry :
But is that your judgment ?
Is that your judgment that you would bring to the ambassadorship ?
That two wrongs make a right ?
Fox :
No , I did n’t say that two wrongs make a right , sir .
Kerry :
Why would you do it then ?
Fox :
Well , I did it because politically , it 's necessary if the other side is doing it .
Kerry :
Let me ask , did you ever see on August 20 , 2004 , a St. Louis Dispatch editorial , wrote the following : " The smear campaign was funded and orchestrated by a coterie of Texans with strong ties to the Bush family and the president 's political director , Karl Rove .
The president should disown the ads and tell his friends that he wants them to stop .
Mr. Bush can't wash his hands of the Swift Boat Veterans ' smear because of his close personal connections with the principals .
The Swift Boats Veterans on Mr. Kerry 's boat including the man he pulled from the river support Mr. Kerry 's version of events .
So do the records documenting the medals Mr. Kerry received .
The attack ads , by contrast are riddled with inconsistencies , for example … "
And it goes on .
That was in your own newspaper , in your hometown .
But a month later , you nevertheless contributed to that very group that is smearing and spreading lies .
Fox :
Yes , sir .
All of the 527s were smearing lies .
And that …
Kerry :
So you see no responsibility as an individual citizen to try to guarantee that you 're not going to support that kind of politics of personal destruction ?
Fox : I think if one side is giving then the other side almost has to and I think that the real responsibility should rest with the Congress to either ban 527s or to certainly curtail and regulate them .
That 's the problem .
Kerry :
So you do believe anything goes in a political campaign ?
Fox : I 'm sorry ?
Kerry :
You do believe that anything goes in a political campaign ?
Fox :
No , sir , I do n't .
In fact …
Kerry :
Well , if you do n’t believe it , why would n't you not fund it ?
Fox : I had never gotten involved in the campaign side .
I 'd raised money , I 'd contributed money .
I 've never gotten involved in the campaign side and I 've never gotten involved in the 527 side of looking at scripts or any of that .
Kerry :
Well , let me ask you as a matter of judgment , as a citizen .
Do n’t you think individuals ought to take some responsibility for making sure they know what they 're giving money to ?
Fox : Mr. Senator , when we ask lots of people for lots of money and we 're asked by people for lots of money , we just generally give .
I mean , we know generally what it 's used for and that 's it .
Kerry :
And you do n’t know who asked you ?
Fox :
No , sir , I really do n’t .
I do not know who asked me .
If you were to take my 1,000 contributions and go right down the list , I bet you I could n’t give you five percent of them …
Of who asked me .
Kerry :
Do you recall whether it was somebody in Missouri ?
Was it a person ?
Was it by telephone ?
Fox : I have no recollection .
Kerry :
You have no recollection of how that came about ?
Fox : No , sir .
Kerry :
Do you recall thinking about it at all ?
Fox :
No more than that somebody must have asked and I gave .
Kerry :
Why , no wonder so many people are here to embrace your …
What about now ?
How do you feel about it now -- knowing what you know today ?
Fox : Mr. Senator , let me say this :
Be it 527 or anything else , if I thought what they were printing was not true , I would not contribute to it .
But I personally have no way of knowing , generally , when I give .
Kerry :
Let me ask you about that .
On August 5 , 2005 , John McCain called the SBVT " completely nauseating , dishonest and dishonorable . "
McCain pointed out " it 's the same kind of deal that was pulled on me " when he ran against Bush in 2000 .
On August 15 , John Warner , Republican chairman of the Armed Services Committee , and former Navy Secretary said " I can speak to the process , that we did extraordinary careful checking on that kind of medal , a very high one , that it goes through the Secretary .
So I 'd stand by the process that awarded Kerry that medal and I think we best acknowledge that his heroism did gain that recognition .
I feel he deserved it . "
He was then , incidentally , in the Navy -- he signed my award .
August 8 , 2004 , General Tommy Franks called the smear boat attacks " vitriolic and hyperbole . "
On August 7 , 2004 , Mike Johannes the Republican governor of Nebraska says the ads were " trash . "
Now these are Republican leaders .
These are the leaders of your own party .
President Bush said that he thought that my service was honorable and they should n’t be questioning it .
Yet , even when your own candidate does that , you saw fit to put $ 50,000 on the line to continue the smear .
My question to you is why ?
When you say you could n’t have known -- these were people very publicly condemning it .
How could you not have known ?
Fox : I guess , Mr. Senator , when I 'm asked I just generally give .
Kerry :
So , again , I ask you the question , do you think now that you and others bear responsibility for thinking about where we put money in American politics ?
What we 're saying , what we present to the American people -- is truth important or is n’t it ?
Fox : Senator , if I had reason to believe and if I were convinced that the money was going to be used to , in any untruthful or false way , knowingly , I would not give .
Kerry :
Well , sir , let me ask you this question :
Did you or did you not in any of the public comments being made at the time , which I assume you were following , hear or read of any of the public statements at that point in time , with respect to the legitimacy of these charges and these smears ?
Fox : Mr. Senator , I can say this …
Kerry : Did you miss this :
In September of 2004 , Vice Admiral Ruth , with the Navy Inspector General , wrote a letter to the Secretary of the Navy that was made public -- the New York Times , the Washington Post , every major newspaper in the country carried , saying their examination found that the existing documentation regarding my medals was legitimate .
Did you miss that too ?
Fox : I do n’t remember those , but I 'm certain at the time I must have read them .
Kerry :
Do you think this should matter to me ?
Fox : I 'm sorry ?
Kerry :
Do you think this should matter to me ?
Fox :
Yes , I do .
Kerry :
Do you think this should matter to everyone here , as a Senator ?
Fox : Absolutely .
As a matter of fact , going back to the time when I said I was on record and was interviewed a number of times about campaign finance reform and about less money going in , I said one of the big reasons was not just the nastiness and so forth associated with it , but the abuse the candidates had to take to run for public office , I think it 's disgraceful , I think it 's terrible .
But that 's the world we live in .
It 's what it 's come to .
It 's unfortunate , I do n’t know of a campaign , a political campaign or a 527 that 's ever had anything but that as part of it .
And I think it 's terrible -- I do .
I wish there 's some way it could be changed and I think the best way to change it is to restrict the amount of money that can go into campaigns and to restrict the amount of money that can go into 527s and regulate both of them even more .
Kerry :
We 've been trying to do that for the 22 years I 've been here and one of the most effective ways to do it would be for people like yourself and others who write the checks to know what they 're giving to -- and to care about it .
So you know , there 's a question here , obviously of judgment and I 'm not going to try to be unreasonable about it , I 'm not trying to -- you know sometimes you go to these hearings and Senators rant , rave and scream and I 'm not a screamer .
But I do think that this is important and I know your family 's here and I 'm sure they ’re sitting there saying ' why are they giving my dad a hard time right now ?.
I understand that , I 'm sympathetic to it .
But I hope -- and it's not going to make a difference in the outcome of where I am -- but it 's important to the future .
I think it is robbing this country of legitimate dialog , of real discussion of important issues that we face and it's a tragedy that the American people have to put up with that .
The last week alone , in Ohio , $ 4 million was spent on those ads .
$ 4 million .
So it has profound impact , sir .
And I think it 's question of judgment .
A question of whether we are fighting the status quo or whether we 're part of the status quo .
So I 'm not sure where this goes with respect to this but I certainly thought it deserved to be properly vetted .
Public allegiance to the Republican Party has plunged during George W. Bush ’s presidency , as attitudes have edged away from some of the conservative values that fueled GOP political victories , a major survey has found .
The survey , by the nonpartisan Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , found a “ dramatic shift ” in political party identification since 2002 , when Republicans and Democrats were at rough parity .
Now , 50 % of those surveyed identified with or leaned toward Democrats , whereas 35 % aligned with Republicans .
What ’s more , the survey found , public attitudes are drifting toward Democrats ’ values : Support for government aid to the disadvantaged has grown since the mid-1990s , skepticism about the use of military force has increased and support for traditional family values has decreased .
The findings suggest that the challenges for the GOP reach beyond the unpopularity of the war in Iraq and Bush .
Advertisement
“ Iraq has played a large part ; the pushback on the Republican Party has to do with Bush , but there are other things going on here that Republicans will have to contend with , ” said Andrew Kohut , director of the Pew Center .
“ There is a difference in the landscape . ”
A key question is whether the trends signal a broad and lasting change in the balance of power between the national parties or a mood swing that will pass or moderate .
It remains to be seen whether Democrats can capitalize on Republican weaknesses and achieve durable political dominance .
“ This is the beginning of a Democratic opportunity , ” said Illinois Rep. Rahm Emanuel , chairman of the House Democratic Caucus .
“ The question is whether we blow it or not . ”
Whit Ayres , a Republican pollster , said he believed the Pew poll exaggerated his party ’s problems and that the situation would improve as attention shifted to choosing the GOP ’s 2008 presidential nominee .
Advertisement
At that point , “ we will have a far more level playing field than we have today , ” Ayres said .
But other Republicans fear the poll signals a clear end to an era of GOP successes that began with President Reagan ’s election in 1980 , saw the party take control of Capitol Hill in 1994 and helped elect Bush twice .
“ There are cycles in history where one party or one movement ascends for a while and then it sows the seeds of its own self - destruction , ” said Bruce Bartlett , a conservative analyst and author of the 2006 book “ Impostor : How George W. Bush Bankrupted America and Betrayed the Reagan Legacy . ”
Bartlett added , “ It ’s clear we have come to an end of a Republican conservative era . ”
Advertisement
The Pew poll measured the views of 2,007 adults from Dec. 12 through Jan. 9 .
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.5 percentage points .
The current gap between Republican and Democratic identification -- which Pew measured by counting people who said they leaned toward a party as well as those with firm allegiances -- is the widest since the group began collecting data on party allegiance in 1990 .
As recently as 2002 , the two parties were tied , with each drawing support from 43 % of those surveyed .
But Democrats have gained an advantage over Republicans almost every year since .
Kohut said the spread between the parties mostly reflected the defection of independents from the GOP more than a more favorable assessment of the Democrats .
Advertisement
The survey found that the proportion of those expressing a positive view of Democrats has declined since January 2001 -- when Bush took office -- by 6 percentage points , to 54 % .
But the public ’s regard for Republicans has cratered during the Bush years , with the proportion holding a favorable view of the GOP dropping 15 points , to 41 % .
Although Republicans rode to political power calling for smaller government , support for government action to help the disadvantaged has risen since the GOP took control of Congress in 1994 .
At that point , a Pew survey found that 57 % said the government had a responsibility to take care of people who could not take care of themselves ; now , 69 % said they believed that .
On the other hand , support for Bush ’s signature issue -- a strong , proactive military posture -- has waned since 2002 , when 62 % said that the best way to ensure peace was through military strength .
In the recent poll , 49 % said they believed that .
On social issues , the survey found that support for some key conservative positions was on the decline .
For instance , those who said they supported “ old fashioned values about family and marriage ” dipped from 84 % in 1994 to 76 % in the recent survey .
Support for allowing school boards to have the right to fire homosexual teachers has dropped from 39 % in 1994 to 28 % .
Advertisement
janet.hook@latimes.com
Ben Goldacre
Saturday May 19 , 2007
The Guardian
Normally I ’d ignore quack medical devices , but when the catalogue from Health Products For Life – run by vitamin pill salesman Patrick Holford – arrived , I found an unexpected treat waiting for me .
Among his usual “ special formulation ” pill - peddling banter , there was the QLink pendant , at just Â£ 69.99 .
The QLink is a device sold to protect you from those terrifying invisible electromagnetic rays , and cure many ills .
“ It needs no batteries as it is ‘ powered ’ by the wearer – the microchip is activated by a copper induction coil which picks up sufficient micro currents from your heart to power the pendant . ”
Says Holford ’s catalogue .
According to the manufacturer ’s sales banter , it corrects your energy frequencies .
Or something .
It has been flattered by the Times , the Mail , and ITV ’s London Today ( seriously , follow the link and watch the video ) and I can see why .
It ’s a very sciencey looking pendant , a bit like a digital memory card for a camera , with eight contact pads on the circuit board on the front , a hi-tech electronic component mounted in the centre , and a copper coil around the edge .
Last summer I obtained one of these devices ( from somewhere cheaper than Holford ’s shop ) and took it to Camp Dorkbot , an annual festival for dorks held – in a joke taken too far – at a scout camp outside Dorking .
Here in the sunshine , some of the nation ’s cheekiest electronics geeks examined the QLink .
We chucked probes at it , and tried to detect any “ frequencies ” emitted , with no joy .
And then we did what any proper dork does when presented with an interesting device : we broke it open .
Drilling down , the first thing we came to was the circuit board .
This , we noted with some amusement , was not in any sense connected to the copper coil , and therefore is not powered by it .
The eight copper pads do have some intriguing looking circuit board tracks coming out of them , but they too , on close inspection , are connected to absolutely nothing .
A gracious term to describe their purpose might be “ decorative ” .
I ’m also not clear if I can call something a “ circuit board ” when there is no “ circuit ” .
Finally , there is a modern surface mount electronic component soldered to the centre of the device .
It looks impressive , but whatever it is , it is connected to absolutely nothing .
Close examination with a magnifying glass , and experiments with a multimeter and oscilloscope , revealed that this component on the “ circuit board ” is a zero - ohm resistor .
This is simply a resistor that has pretty much no resistance : in effect a bit of wire in a tiny box .
It might sound like an absurd component , but they ’re quite common in modern circuits , because they can be used to bridge the gap between adjacent tracks on a circuit board with a standard - size component .
I ’d like to apologise both for knowing that and for sharing it with you .
Now to be fair , such a component is not cheap .
I ’m assuming this is an extremely high quality surface mount resistor , manufactured to very high tolerances – well calibrated , and sourced in small quantities .
You buy them on paper tape in 7in reels , each reel containing about 5,000 resistors .
You could easily pay as much as Â£ 0.005 for such a resistor .
Sorry , I was being sarcastic .
They are very cheap indeed .
And that ’s it .
No microchip .
A coil connected to nothing .
And a zero - ohm resistor , which costs half a penny , and is connected to nothing .
I contacted qlinkworld .
co.uk to discuss my findings .
They kindly contacted the inventor , who informed me they have always been clear the QLink does not use electronics components “ in a conventional electronic way ” .
And apparently the energy pattern reprogramming work is done by some finely powdered crystal embedded in the resin .
Oh , hang on , I get it : it ’s a new age crystal pendant .
Â·Please send your bad science to bad.science@guardian.co.uk
Video :
I ’m not able to upload all the various clips of people mucking about with the Qlink at Dorkbot – people keep making potentially libellous jokes about it in the background and I ca n’t be bothered to edit those bits out of the clips – but here ’s a quick clip of me and James fooling around listening out for electromagnetic emissions from my phone , and then the Qlink .
Recorded on a cruddy mobile phone , like a crude form of quackyslapping ( my hair is bad because I have been camping for a day or two ) .
Oh , and here ’s a fun picture of Patrick Holford .
On a pill bottle .
Very classy .
Many ordinary Chinese people have invested in shares
With the government aiming to cool the country 's overheated stock markets , the main Shanghai Composite Index closed down 281.8 points at 4,053.1 .
Some analysts said the dip in share prices was only likely to be temporary .
The World Bank now predicts China 's economy will expand 10.4 % this year but says it does not appear overheated .
The Bank had previously expected a 9.6 % rise for 2007 .
Under Beijing 's latest move to cool share prices , which came into effect on Wednesday , the stamp duty on share trading rose from 0.1 % to 0.3 % .
The Shanghai Composite Index had risen 62 % this year to Tuesday 's record close and has quadrupled in value since the start of 2006 .
" This could trigger a correction , but we do n't see a change in the overall trend , " said Thomas Gruener from Landesbank Berlin .
" The environment for equities is still very good , " he added .
The falls in Shanghai depressed sentiment in other Erading with all of the major European indices trading lower - though they clawed back most of the losses by the close of play .
London 's FTSE 100 was down 0.1 % , with the benchmark French and German markets each 0.2 % lower , while Wall Street reversed early falls .
' Healthy development '
Chinese state media reported a government official as saying that the tax rise , which has been approved by the Chinese cabinet , " is intended to help promote the healthy development of the securities markets " .
Strong demand from domestic investors has lifted Chinese stocks .
However , some analysts have warned that a stock market bubble is being created and last week former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan warned that the Chinese stock market could undergo a dramatic correction .
One of the main factors behind the surge in shares has been a willingness among ordinary people , such as students and pensioners , to buy shares .
Instead of leaving their savings in bank accounts , many people are now using the cash to buy shares in the hope of receiving better returns .
According to industry figures , 300,000 people a day opened brokerage accounts in China last week .
On Tuesday , China 's Ministry of Public Security warned investors to be suspicious of phone calls , e-mails and websites touting supposedly highly profitable stocks .
" There has been a rise in the number of cases of illegal activities in the stock market , which has undermined the normal market order , " the ministry said .
asm_fac = do loopTest Just some comments :
This is ( obviously ) monadic code .
The newLabel operation creates a new label that later has to be defined and that can be used as a jump target .
The ensureBufferSize is a tedious function to make sure there is enough space to emit the instructions .
I hope the next version of Harpy will not require this , since it 's really the computers job to count bytes , not mine ( and it 's not hard to do ) .
Apart from that , most of the code should be obvious for anyone who has done assembly programming on an x86 .
To generate code and then convert the generated code we need some utility functions .
type Importer f = FunPtr f -> f foreign import ccall safe " dynamic " import_Word32ToWord32 :: Importer ( Word32 -> Word32 ) conv_Word32ToWord32 :: e -> s -> CodeGen e s a -> IO ( Word32 -> Word32 ) conv_Word32ToWord32 = conv import_Word32ToWord32 conv :: ( Importer f ) -> e -> s ->
CodeGen e s a ->
IO f conv imp e s cg = do let cg' = do cg ; getEntryPoint ( _ , r ) error ( show msg ) Right addr -> return $ imp $ castPtrToFunPtr addr
The important function is conv_Word32ToWord32 which takes a block like asm_fac and turns it into a Haskell function .
The e and s arguments we can ignore for now , they are for more advanced uses of the machine code generator .
Note that there is no type safety here .
The asm_fac block has nothing that says what kind of function it might implement , so it 's all up to us to use it correctly .
( Once you use FFI Haskell is n't any safer than C. )
Finally , to use it all : main = do fac Pretty nifty , huh ?
Calling conv_Word32ToWord32 with the asm_fac argument will emit machine code for the factorial function into a memory buffer and then wrap it up so it can be called as a regular Haskell function .
Running the program will print ( 120,3628800 ) as expected .
Final thoughts
Harpy is really cool and uses Haskell type classes in a clever way to make Harpy " assembly " code look almost like normal assembly code .
But there is room for improvement .
Currently you have no control over the buffer handling ;
Harpy uses mallocBytes internally .
I would like to see the buffer handling ( mallocBytes , peek , the IO monad ) abstracted out .
That way I do n't have to generate code into a memory buffer if I do n't want to .
I could generate code in , e.g. , a list .
Or I could not generate code at all , but just count bytes .
Or I could allocate buffers with something better than mallocBytes .
On the whole , I think Harpy is great for experimenting with code generation .
More about that soon .
Labels : Code generation , Haskell
Recently there was an announcement of the Harpy package for Haskell .
Harpy is a very cool package that lets you generate machine code from a Haskell program into a memory buffer .
Using the Haskell FFI interface you can then turn the machine code into a Haskell function and call it .
The way that you generate machine code from Harpy looks very much like assembly code .
Oh , btw , apologies to those who are not using x86 machines , this blog post is very machine dependent , since Harpy generate x86 machine code .
First , some sample code ( stolen from the Harpy tutorial ) .
It might look like assembly code , but it 's actually Haskell .
One of the world ’s top economists today warned of a global recession that could cut between 5 % and 20 % from the world ’s wealth later this century – unless the world invests now in the technologies needed to create a global low - carbon economy .
The cost of investment would be trivial by comparison with the possible damage , says Sir Nicholas Stern , former chief economist at the World Bank and an adviser to the British chancellor Gordon Brown , who commissioned the 600 - page report .
Stern calls for a global investment of about 1 % per year of global GDP over the next 50 years .
He says that should stabilise greenhouse gas concentrations at the equivalent of 500 - 550 parts per million of carbon dioxide , 25 % above current levels .
This is a level he regards as “ high but acceptable ” .
“ Economically speaking , mitigation – taking strong action to reduce emissions – is a very good deal , ” he says .
“ A 1 % increase in prices is very marginal .
We can continue to grow .
But if we do n’t [ invest ] , the kind of changes that would happen will derail growth . ”
Advertisement
Green benefit
Stern warns that climate change risks causing economic consequences “ on a scale similar to those associated with the great wars and the economic depression of the first half of the 20th century ” .
But in the long run we would all benefit from the cleaner , greener energy technologies .
His year - long investigation has not added to the scientific knowledge about the risks of climate change , he says , adding that evidence from international groups like the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is “ overwhelming ” .
But he has interpreted the implications of the scientists ’ warnings for the world economy .
“ There is n’t scientific certainty , ” he says .
“ But the risks are very big . ”
He forecasts huge disruption to African economies in particular as drought hits food production ; up to a billion people losing water supplies as mountain glaciers disappear ; hundreds of millions losing their homes and land to sea level rise ; and potentially big increases in damage from hurricanes .
The economic cost of failing to act could approach $ 4 trillion by the end of the century , he says .
Drastic cuts
Substantial climate change is now inevitable , Stern says .
But the worst could be prevented if global emissions can be stabilised within 20 years and thereafter reduced by around 2 % per year .
“ What we do in the next 10 or 20 years can have a profound effect on the climate in the second half of the century and in the next . ”
Stern says the primary responsibility for action to cut greenhouse gas emissions lies with the rich industrialised world , which continues to produce most of the world ’s emissions .
In response to the report , Gordon Brown has called for industrialised countries to cut their emissions by 30 % by 2020 and at least 60 % by 2050 .
Such drastic cuts are needed because CO 2 , the main greenhouse gas responsible for climate change , accumulates in the atmosphere , lasting for hundreds of years before it is absorbed slowly by the oceans .
Chasm closed
Stern ’s findings contradict some past claims by economists that the world would do better adapting to climate change than trying to halt it .
Meanwhile , some scientists say the emissions cuts called for by Stern would not be enough to stave off dangerous climate change .
But Michael Grubb , a climate and energy analyst at of Imperial College London , UK , said : “ The Stern Review finally closes a chasm that has existed for 15 years between the precautionary concerns of scientists and the cost - benefit views of many economists . ”
London ’s Mayor , Ken Livingstone , agreed : “ For too long , necessary action to prevent catastrophic climate change has been delayed by fears that this would damage economic growth .
Stern ’s report nails this myth – it is failure to take action on climate change that would be the real threat to future economic prosperity . ”
Livingstone continued : “ I welcome Stern ’s call for an international carbon market and I look forward to working with him , Gordon Brown and indeed Al Gore on how London – a world centre for financial markets , energy companies and high tech industries – can play a leading role in this and the other measures he proposes . ”
Many protesters are refusing to back down until Gov Ruiz is ousted
Oaxaca protest
The demand came as hundreds of federal police sent by President Vicente Fox were seen arriving in the city .
Three people including a US journalist died in clashes between masked gunmen and leftist protesters on Friday .
The demonstrators are seeking to oust Governor Ulises Ruiz , whom they accuse of abuse of power .
At least six people have been killed since the unrest began in May when striking teachers and left - wing groups occupied the town centre .
Forced to intervene
An interior ministry statement called for " the immediate handover of the streets , plazas , public buildings and private property " .
Earlier Mr Fox ordered federal police to go to Oaxaca during Saturday .
It was not clear exactly how many were being sent .
The president had resisted sending forces to the region for five months , for fear of involving them in the violent confrontations .
But the BBC's Duncan Kennedy in Mexico City says the latest violence appears to have left him little choice but to intervene .
Gunfire erupted on Friday apparently after armed men tried to remove a blockade set up by protesters .
A series of prolonged shoot - outs followed but it was not clear who fired first .
The Oaxaca People 's Popular Assembly , which is leading the protests , accused off - duty local policemen of carrying out the shootings .
The dead journalist has been named as Will Bradley Roland , a cameraman working with the independent news group Indymedia .
President 's vow
Thousands of schools have been closed since the strike began in May , leaving 1.3 million children out of school .
The teachers staged the walk - out , demanding higher pay and better working conditions .
After police attacked one of their demonstrations in June , they extended their demands to include a call for the resignation of Gov Ruiz .
The teachers were joined in their protest by left - wing groups .
This week , striking teachers voted to return to classes but many protesters say they will not back down until Gov Ruiz is removed from office .
Critics accuse him of corruption and repressive tactics against dissenters , whose roadblocks have driven tourism from the city and hurt business .
Last week , Mexico's Senate decided by a 74 - 31 vote that the state government had not ceased to function , a condition necessary to remove a governor from office .
But the Senate recognised that conditions of " ungovernability " existed in the state and criticised Mr Ruiz for failing to bring months of violent protests to an end .
President Vicente
Fox has vowed to end the conflict before he leaves office on 1 December but negotiations to find a peaceful way out have so far failed .
Only Republicans are this stupid :
Seven Republican Senators -- seven renegade samurai , or ronin --- have essentially blasted in a letter just prepared in the last hour both the Democratic and Republican leadership for behind - the - scenes gamesmanship that undermined a floor debate about America 's options in Iraq .
While American citizens saw a procedural motion to move to " debate " the Warner - Levin Iraq War Resolution lose a 49 - 47 vote , what they did not see was a snarling , nasty tug - of - war between Reid and Durbin on one side and McConnell and Lott on the other that ripped the guts out of any possible comity needed to get to that debate .
This writer has learned that Senators John Warner , Olympia Snowe , and Chuck Hagel -- and others -- were highly irritated , angry in fact , with both sides and elected to vote against the procedural motion until the party leaders on both sides of the aisle ceased their antics .
Steve Clemons applauds the " pox on both houses " tone of the letter , calling it a " brave move " .
Of the seven senators writing the letter -- Snowe , Warner , Hagel , Collins , Coleman , Smith and Voinovich -- only two voted for cloture -- Snowe and Coleman .
The rest voted against cloture .
How that is a " brave move " is beyond me .
They voted against cloture to debate this bill , now they whine that they did n't get a chance to debate their bill .
That 's idiocy , not bravery .
If they have a problem , it 's with their Republican leadership who led the fight against debate .
Democrats were more than able and willing to debate this resolution .
The problem with these Republicans is that Collins , Warner , Coleman , and Smith face tough or potentially tough re-election battles in 2008 , and this bill was going to offer them cover while accomplishing zero to actually end the war .
Yet they were forced by their leadership to vote against their own resolution , giving Democrats a vicious electoral cudgel to use against them .
That 's not Reid or Durbin 's fault .
It 's no one 's but their own .
Lindsay Ann Hawker 's body was found in a bathtub full of sand
Sisters ' tribute
The " popular " former Leeds University student left her home in Brandon , near Coventry , in October last year and headed for a job with teaching company Nova , at Koiwa school in Tokyo .
But , just five months after her arrival , her body has been found in a bath full of sand on the fourth - floor balcony of an apartment in Ichikawa , Chiba prefecture , east of the capital .
She had been reported missing on Monday by her employers after she failed to answer her mobile phone when her flatmate called .
Tributes
Miss Hawker 's father , Bill , and boyfriend , Ryan Garside , have travelled to Tokyo to officially identify her body .
Since hearing of her death , those in her home county of Warwickshire who knew Miss Hawker have been delivering flowers and paying tribute .
She was a very popular student and the school and staff are devastated
Former head teacher George Fisher
A neighbour near the family home described her as " a lovely girl " and told how Miss Hawker once helped her find her pet cat .
George Fisher , head teacher of King Henry VIII 's School , in Coventry , which Miss Hawker attended until four years ago , said she was fondly remembered .
" I knew Lindsay well , " he said .
" She was a very popular student and the school and staff are devastated .
" I have been giving the news to staff who taught her . "
There were no plans to close the school , he added , but staff and pupils would be remembering Miss Hawker .
After leaving school , she went to Leeds University , graduating in 2006 , and then travelled to Japan .
' Dedicated '
A spokeswoman from the Nova language school in London said Miss Hawker started teaching in Tokyo at the end of October last year .
" Lindsay took her job very seriously and put every effort into it , " the spokeswoman said .
" She was trying very hard to get used to Japan .
We are very sorry that this incident has taken place . "
Messages posted on the Facebook internet site , used by Miss Hawker to communicate with friends and family , had several messages from her to her boyfriend , Mr Garside , from Durham .
The last was on 20 March and described how she had been followed home .
The final line reads : " Love u lots dont worry abt the gut ( guy ) who chased me home , its jus crazy Japan .
miss u xxx . "
Computing Thoughts
Appreciative Inquiry
by Bruce Eckel
May 24 , 2007
Summary
In Jerry Weinberg 's classic " The Secrets of Consulting " ( Dorset House , 1985 ) he says something to the effect of " You probably wo n't be able to make any changes . "
Advertisement
I find the maxims in this book to be like design patterns .
You can see the pattern on its surface , perhaps even feel like you know it , but until you experience the fundamental insight about that pattern , it remains obscure .
Weinberg 's maxims usually appear to mean something obvious on the surface .
Sometimes they are even " on the nose , " but I usually find that to be an illusion .
In this case , " You probably wo n't be able to make any changes " seems on its face to be a reason for just giving up .
Many years ago I re-read this book right before going into a particularly difficult and intimidating consulting project , and the " no changes " part allowed me to make a difference .
( An aside : some of the rules in Weinberg 's book , as well as some of my own rules , would tell me to avoid working with clients that exhibit difficult behavior .
Sometimes the experiences are simply painful , but on more than one occasion I 've become thankful for some of these clients because I 've learned so much from them .
This makes it difficult to know which ones to accept .
As in many things in my life , I 've come to simply trust and rely upon my intuition ) .
As painful as they sometimes are to achieve , I really love the " deeper insight " experiences .
They may last from moments to months , but something about that feeling of change , to me , is one of the things that makes life worth living .
I may be a counterexample to Jerry 's " people hate change " proclaimation , but I seek it .
Perhaps the real truth is that " change is painful , " and so most people respond by avoiding it .
For that matter , it 's only through experience that I 've come to recognize the pain of change , and even if I do n't embrace it , I know that it 's worth moving through .
Some of the best insight experiences are those that take what I know and turn it upside down .
For me , it 's very life - affirming to be reminded of how surprising the world really is .
Discovering Open Space events has been like this .
Unlike traditional conferences where the goal is to control everything and nail down every detail , with Open Spaces , the more you let go , the better it gets .
In fact , I 've seen attempts at Open - Spaces - style events where people were not quite able to trust the process and the organizers did n't let go enough .
These events limped along , but did n't achieve the pinnacle of ease and energy possible with Open Spaces .
( See my calendar for upcoming Open - Spaces - style events ) .
Another example is the writing process .
For as long as I can remember , I have never understood writers who say " I write for X hours a day , every day . "
I have always waited for inspiration , or at least allowed time for the inspiration to arrive .
Recently , I have started feeling overwhelmed with administrative management duties , and I 've started wondering whether those writers were n't really saying : " I 'm unavailable for these hours every morning . "
It 's in the same vein as those who say " do n't look at email in the morning . "
By establishing these parameters , you set boundaries , not so much for yourself as for other people ( " The mysterious process of writing happens during these hours .
Disturb it and you may scare away the muse . " ) .
Of course , it probably helps to tell yourself that these are writing hours , but I wonder if the bigger issue is n't actually boundary setting .
No Changes vs. Appreciative Inquiry
Before going to the aforementioned difficult consulting project , reading the " no changes " passage allowed me to let go of the idea that I was going to make any changes .
And this ironically allowed me to see what was going on , and so I may have produced some small effect in the end .
It may have simply been a change in perspective from " I'm the high - paid consultant who has been brought in to fix everything " to " I 'm probably not going to be able to do anything here , so I 'm open to anything where I might be able to make a difference . "
I 'd like to think that the insight to Weinberg 's maxim was the humbling effect that forced me to be open to anything .
Whether or not that 's what he meant , I think being open to anything that a client might actually need is one of the most essential aspects of consulting .
The " high paid " and " consultant " parts too often tempt a consultant to think that the experience is about the consultant , when it 's always about the client .
One of the great failings of the agile movement has been this hubris , which has time and again prevented any effective change from happening .
A consultant arrives , tells the customer that they are doing it all wrong , and that they should drop everything and do it this other way .
This actually makes life very easy for the consultant , because they just say the same thing to every company they visit ( you might as well just make a set of DVDs if you 're going to repeat yourself ) .
But every company has its own personality , and the art of consulting is in discovering what change that company is able to make .
This change is usually something small , and it's also usually a direction where everyone wants to go already .
The most effective consulting removes a small roadblock or makes a small shift that allows the company or group to get where they already want to go .
This insight -- that it is n't about " fixing " the client , but rather enabling them -- is at the heart of what 's called Appreciative Inquiry .
It does n't explicitly call itself a consulting technique , but rather a technique for change ( that is , you do n't necessarily need a consultant to do it ) .
The name sounds touchy - feely , but Appreciative Inquiry began in academia , and produce the usual academic research and papers , relatively inaccessible to the business world .
I learned about it through The Thin Book of Appreciative Inquiry , by Sue Annis Hammond ( 2nd Edition , 1996 Thin Book Publishing Co. ) which went to the trouble of culling through these papers and creating a nice , accessible summary .
I can summarize it even further : " What have you done that 's worked out really well for you ?
Let 's do more of that ! "
Much of the book is about how to discover things that have been successful -- because we tend to bury those when we succumb to the inevitable , constant pressure to grow and expand , or we interpret the outcome based on someone else 's standards of success rather than our own .
In Apprieciative Inquiry , an important part of the measure of success is how it makes you feel .
This is a legitimate metric because , if we have positive feelings associated with a particular action , we already want to do it again .
So , as a consultant , your barrier to change becomes very low .
You do n't have to convince anyone : they 've already successfully done it before , and it felt good .
Naturally , it seems like a pretty good idea to do more of it .
Instead of an uphill battle to introduce contrary new ideas , consulting becomes a process of exploration , discovery , and reminding people of how good they felt last time they did something that was a success for them .
Instead of discovering what the client is " doing wrong " and telling them how to do it right , your process becomes to discover what the client is doing right ( what their particular talents are ) , reminding them that those things are enjoyable , and suggesting that they do more of that .
If you 're ambitious , this may not seem like much .
But if you have learned that " you probably wo n't be able to make any changes , " then a process like this takes you from being ineffective ( especially if you 've been battling people 's resistance to change ) to making a small , but very positive difference .
As an example , consider Test - Driven Development ( TDD ) from the perspective of appreciative inquiry ( using a little bit of mental gymnastics ) .
Programmers like to feel that they 're in control of a situation and that they do a good job .
Various management forces and the programmers themselves may cause them to bolt forward and rush to a perceived finish line -- thinking , perhaps , that this time everything will fall into place easily ( I know it happened once to a cousin of a friend of my brother 's ) .
When it does n't and things start to go wrong , programmers feel frustrated and helpless .
Although TDD is usually a new experience for people , it reminds you of how nice it is when the compiler or development environment finds bugs for you .
Although I find that it requires leadership to guide people through the experience the first time , the eventual " aha ! " moment when the test framework finds the problems reminds people of what it feels like to be in control of the development process .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 2 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bruce Eckel adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bruce Eckel ( www.BruceEckel.com) provides development assistance in Python with user interfaces in Flex .
He is the author of Thinking in Java ( Prentice - Hall , 1998 , 2nd Edition , 2000 , 3rd Edition , 2003 , 4th Edition , 2005 ) , the Hands - On Java Seminar CD ROM ( available on the Web site ) , Thinking in C++ ( PH 1995 ; 2nd edition 2000 , Volume 2 with Chuck Allison , 2003 ) , C++ Inside & Out ( Osborne / McGraw - Hill 1993 ) , among others .
He 's given hundreds of presentations throughout the world , published over 150 articles in numerous magazines , was a founding member of the ANSI / ISO C++ committee and speaks regularly at conferences .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2007 Bruce Eckel .
All rights reserved .
Adoptive Parents May Also Face the Decision to “ Abort ”
Last week I blogged about the decision to abort when faced with a diagnosis of Down Syndrome .
A similar issue arises , perhaps in an even more intense way ( if such a thing is possible ) , with foreign adoption .
When you adopt from , say , China , they send you information about the baby that ’s been assigned to you , including health information that is not very reliable , to say the least .
When you arrive to pick up your baby , you never quite know what you will find .
If there are serious health issues or other reasons why adoptive parents might find a child unacceptable , the Chinese authorities will quickly switch the child .
On my first trip to adopt in China , I happened to sit at a table next to another adopting couple from the United States .
They were older , with no prior children , and had been assigned a three - or four - year - old girl .
If memory serves me correctly , the father was a CEO of a large firm in New Jersey .
They seemed like very nice people .
The child that was assigned to them was very headstrong .
She did not want to go with her adoptive parents and proceeded to throw tantrums , screaming , throwing things and spitting on and punching them for several days .
They decided they could n’t go through with it , and the girl was returned to the orphanage .
My understanding is that she would not be eligible for adoption ( at least , not internationally ) in the future .
The next day , the couple told me , another three - year - old was brought over from an orphanage .
The first thing she did when she met them was say , in English , “ I love you , Mommy .
I love you , Daddy . ”
The person who had transported the child from the orphanage had taught her the words .
She had no idea what she was saying , but it did n’t matter .
Needless to say , this little girl went home with them to New Jersey .
Almost seven years have passed since I shared breakfast with that New Jersey couple , yet I think about them often , and when I do , my eyes always fill with tears .
I think about the little girl , now ten , living in a Chinese orphanage never knowing the life she missed .
Should a three - year - old be punished for being attached to her caretakers in the orphanage ?
What if the New Jersey couple had just held out a little longer ?
Mostly , though , I think about how the second child learned those words in the cab , and how different her life is now because that first child put up such a fight .
Strangely , I never think much about the decision the couple made with the first child , or whether I would have done the same thing myself .
I only think about the children .
Not everyone makes the same choice as this couple .
Yesterday The New York Times ran a wonderful , emotionally wrenching story about this sort of life - defining choice by another couple who had adopted from China .
It is well worth reading .
( Hat tip to my friend Dave Eldan . )
THE Swedes are the most eager organ donors in the European Union , according to a survey by Eurobarometer , the European Commission 's polling arm .
When asked , over 80 % of people said they would be willing to donate an organ after death .
Generally , the more liberal northern Europeans such as the Dutch and the Finns are more likely to donate , scoring above the EU average of 56 % .
And while conservative Italians and Poles score below the average , perhaps surprisingly , there is no obvious religious trend .
Puzzlingly , though , Germany and Austria also fall below it .
A mere 33 % of Austrians would give an organ ; only Romanians were more protective of their bodies .
AFP
2020年1月十大棋盘游戏数据来源：艾瑞咨询春节期间国际象棋和纸牌游戏数据创历史新高，已经是许多国际象棋和纸牌从业者的共识，顶级国际象棋和纸牌游戏的运营数据...
2020-09-28 67 游戏 , 数据 , 用户 , 国际象棋 ,
棋盘,10元可以玩的棋牌游戏,10元可炸金花的棋牌
10 Ways To Improve Indoor Air Quality
One of the problems that we have had to solve at our house is the quality of the air during the winter months when the windows are rarely opened .
My wife suffers terribly from poor air quality ( not to mention the cost of trying to treat the conditions which result from it ) so we needed to make some moves to improve the conditions .
I ’m sure that with winter now in full force that there are many others with their windows shut tight and the air inside their houses and apartments not circulating near as much as it does at other times of the year .
Some studies have shown that air quality during the winter months is 1000 % worse in homes than during other times of the year .
For those seeking relief , here are the ten 10 steps that we made to improve the air quality of our home :
1. Bring In Some Nature :
The first step we took was to bring in plants .
When it comes to cleaning the air , plants are great friends .
While numerous chemicals can contribute to poor air quality in the home , many of the chemicals that make us sick are the ones that plants thrive upon and they can quickly remove the chemicals from the air .
To get the best air cleaning potential from plants , you should have one for approximately every 10 square yards of floor space ( more if you have high ceilings ) .
You would therefore need two to three plants to help the air quality in the average sized US living room .
For those that lack a green thumb , there is nothing to worry about .
Many of the popular indoor plants originated tropical forests where there was a lack of sunlight making them quite hardy .
These types of plants are ideal for placing inside the home and will even thrive in dark corners .
According to Treehugger , the peace lily , bamboo palm , English ivy , mums , and gerbera daisies top the list of plants that will help improve your inside air quality .
Best of all , these plants are easy to find and easy to care for .
2. Do n’t Smoke Indoors :
This tip seems to be a pretty obvious one , but can provide challenges for those who do have a smoker in the family or as in our case , have friends that come over on a regular basis that smoke .
The best option is for anyone that smokes , to do so outside which is the rule we implemented .
We converted a small area outside to a smoking area which keeps the indoor air free of smoke .
With cold winter weather , however , having everyone go outside may not be a plausible choice for some .
If smoking outside the house is n’t possible , then smoking next to a ventilation fan ( that pushes air outside the house ) , although not perfect , is better than letting people smoke anywhere in the house .
3. Circulate Air :
One of the biggest problems we had with our indoor air quality in the winter was that fresh , outdoor air was n’t being circulated through our house due to the windows always being closed .
We solved this by opening up the windows when we take any short trips away from the home .
This little step really helped to clear out the poor quality air and we would return to a fresh house ( although a bit cold ) .
4. Take / Wipe Off Your Shoes : Having lived in Japan for a number of years where shoes are n’t allowed to be worn inside the house , I can attest to the amount of dirt , dust and other particles that shoes can drag all over the house .
It ’s amazing how much cleaner a house remains when shoes are n’t worn indoors and that equates into cleaner air indoors .
If this is a habit you are n’t used to , it may take a bit of an adjustment at first , but once you get into the habit , you ’ll never go back .
If that seems too extreme , leave a damp rag at your entrance door and at least wipe down your shoes before entering the house .
5. Replace / Clean Furnace and Air Filters :
This is one of those things that you are always told to do , but do n’t realize how a big a difference it can make until you practice it with diligence .
Once we made sure our furnace and air filters were all clean and changed on a regular basis , it helped the indoor air quality .
It does n’t take long for the filters to fill with dirt and grime and when they do , the air quality will deteriorate .
This is also one area where you do n’t necessarily want to scrimp on money and buy the cheapest filters – we found that while we could get filters that cost less money , they did n’t filter as well .
We found that using a high efficiency particulate filter ( HEPA ) was best for us .
6. Use and Clean Ventilating Fans :
This is a tricky one because leaving ventilating fans on all the time simply sucks out the warmed air in your house and your heating bill will be quite high .
On the other hand , not using them to try and save on heating costs will affect the quality of the air in your house .
Ventilation fans exist for a reason and that is to ventilate the areas where they exist .
Remembering to turn them on and off and using them properly will help keep the air clean in the kitchen and bathrooms .
While this was n’t a problem with us , you also want to make sure that these vent to the outside of the house .
We also found that it ’s important to keep the ventilating fans clean and to replace any filters if they have them as this helps clear the air much better .
7. Use Safe Cleaning Products : I was n’t convinced this would make much of a difference at first , but it actually did make a noticeable difference for my wife .
All the cleaning products that come with warnings do so for a reason : they contain harmful chemicals and when they are used , those chemicals get into the air .
We found that there are plenty of non toxic alternatives that you can make at home ( here ’s how ) such as baking soda , washing soda and white vinegar & lemon juice that will work 90 % + of the time ( and are also a lot less expensive ) .
During the times that you must use products that are toxic , make sure to ventilate the room where you ’re using it well so that you can get the fumes out of the air as quickly as possible .
8. Vacuum And Dust :
This is another area where we found it was worthwhile to invest and purchase a more expensive unit than going with less expensive vacuum cleaner model .
We opted for a non bag model that does n’t kick the fine dirt and dust that it picks up back into the house and when we change it made a big difference .
If you do have a vacuum cleaner with filter bags , then you want to change them regularly to help keep down the amount of particles thrown into the air .
If you are n’t careful in this area , your indoor air can actually get worse after a vacuuming due to all the dust getting kicked back up into the air .
While it ’s obvious to vacuum carpets , we found that doing regular vacuuming of other areas like fabric furniture was also important .
Smaller hand held vacuums can be used to vacuum areas that a standard sized vacuum does n’t perform well on such as drapes and curtains to help them stay dust free .
We also found that we needed to dust on a regularly basis ( weekly for us ) to keep the dust and the microscopic “ dust mites ” that live in the dust to a minimum .
9. Store Toxic Compounds Outside :
While we already stored most of the toxic compounds we had outside , we were surprised to find some in the back of storage closets inside the house .
These toxic compounds you want to look for are such things as cleaners , paints , pesticides and solvents to name just a few .
We now store them in a small shed completely separate from the house .
10 . Pets :
If you have pets like us , it makes keeping the air quality in good condition especially difficult .
Shedding hair is always a problem , but with the better vacuuming and cleaning habits we adopted , this solved a lot of the problems .
What we found was causing a lot of problems for us was cat litter .
Again , we found by spending a bit more for better quality litter , we had less dust problems from it .
In addition , we moved the cat litter to a separate room that we could shut off from the rest of the house ( and added a cat door ) which helped tremendously .
If you have pets , look at taking steps to pinpoint what pet issues are contributing to the poor air quality and look for solutions that will work for your circumstances .
By implementing all of these , the air quality in our house has improved dramatically which has resulted in less money spent on over the counter relief medicine and trips to the doctor , not to mention making each day a lot more enjoyable .
For the self - proclaimed “ escapees from society ” who live there , Leeward Bay Marina is a perfect hideaway : a nest of mostly old boats bobbing over a toxic hot spot in the nation ’s busiest harbor complex .
Hidden by a hectic maze of trains and cranes , big rigs and refineries , the marina offers solitude , as well as shelter , to dozens of “ live - aboards ” who make their homes above the fouled waters at the mouth of a flood control channel .
“ Ah , Leeward Bay , ” locals like to say with a laugh .
“ Where the sewer meets the sea . ”
That joke pretty much sums up the dual nature of the Wilmington facility .
It can be ugly but oddly beautiful , dogged by despair but buoyed by hope .
The marina ’s residents share a camaraderie .
“ Everybody knows everybody else ’s business , ” said resident Marc Greenwald .
But sometimes they just want to be left alone .
Advertisement
Awash in bad debt , lost jobs and lost weekends , the residents -- retirees , disabled veterans , shut-ins , runaways , ex-cons , day workers and a few sex offenders -- have come to view Leeward Bay and its listing watering hole , the Chowder Barge , as their isle of dreams .
“ Look around , ” said 11 - year marina resident Vernon Lovelace , who owns a scuffed - up little workboat named Indigent .
“ The only things holding up some of these boats are good luck and paint .
But you can live pretty good here on $ 800 a month .
It ’s not a great life , but it ’s comfortable .
A lot of these people have no place else to go . ”
At certain times of day , when looking in certain directions , Leeward Bay offers glimpses of a glassy dawn or radiant sunset streaming between swaying masts .
There are endless days of mellow rocking , nights aglow with industrial lights and down - home gatherings at the Chowder Barge , where regulars carry on about funny boater mishaps and old times .
Or the occasional tragedy .
They talk about the man who fell into the water last year and drowned a few yards from his boat .
Not all the tenants are down on their luck .
Some sail magnificent vessels , which they dock at Leeward Bay because of its relatively low monthly slip rates of about $ 10 per foot , well below the $ 15 charged elsewhere in the harbor .
The marina is composed of boat slips jutting from shore , along with others attached to a nearby floating dock anchored in the Dominguez Channel .
The facility has been in Robert Perel ’s family for 50 years .
Advertisement
“ I get the craziest of the crazies , ” said Perel .
“ And I have a soft spot in my heart for them .
I feel as comfortable here as I do at home on the Westside of Los Angeles . ”
A mantra often heard at Leeward Bay goes something like this :
One of these days , I ’m going to fix my boat , untie and sail into the sunset .
In the meantime , the engine in Dedee Newman ’s 42 - foot boat can start , but it ’s got a bad oil pan .
Glenn Truitt ’s 27 - footer -- a sleek fiberglass craft built for speed -- can sail , but the engine does n’t work .
Sonja Massingill ’s 36 - foot cruiser needs an engine and a prop .
Even a popular resident Mallard duck has a cracked beak .
Standing on the top deck of her boat , Toujours Mon Amour , and shouting to be heard over the horns of a freight train hauling scrap metal , Massingill spread her arms and welcomed a visitor to “ paradise . ”
Advertisement
“ There ’s nothing like sitting out here at night with a few drinks and enjoying the lights on the refineries and drawbridges , ” she said .
“ It ’s like a damn fairyland . ”
The marina exists in isolation at the southern end of the narrow Dominguez Channel , at the intersection where the flood control channel ’s tainted outfall mixes with salt water .
It ’s about four miles from the breakwater , and on a good day with smooth conditions , it takes an hour to sail from Leeward Bay to the open ocean , given the port - wide speed limit of 5 knots ( a bit less than 6 mph ) .
Living full time on the water is legal , to a degree .
In June 2001 , the Port of Los Angeles renewed the 11 marina leases it controls in Wilmington , limiting the number of live - aboards to 5 % of each marina ’s berthing capacity and to no more than four residents per boat .
Port officials say they might allow an informal limit of 10 % , provided that marina owners upgrade their facilities to accommodate that many residents .
Those rules , however , do not apply to Leeward Bay Marina , which has operated for five decades under terms of a rare month - to - month master lease that does not include a limit for live - aboards , according to the marina ’s bookkeeper .
That might explain why about 30 % of Leeward Bay ’s 180 slips are leased by live - aboards .
That ’s about 75 residents .
Advertisement
Although many boats have peeling paint and rusty prows , Perel has invested heavily in secure pilings , new docks and well - maintained restroom and shower facilities .
But the channel is one of the most polluted spots in the harbor area , with high levels of carcinogenic DDT and PCBs , which accumulate in the tissue of bottom - feeding fish .
A witch ’s brew of debris , bacteria , pesticides and other toxic runoff flows into the marina whenever it rains , so locals try to avoid contact with the water .
Locals have seen just about anything float by -- dead dogs , dead porcupines , even artificial human limbs .
A local mariner was only half kidding when she said : “ We do n’t get in the water or eat anything that comes out of it .
Our fish have three eyes ! ”
Still , it ’s home .
Advertisement
Glenn Truitt , a disabled Vietnam veteran with long gray hair tied in a ponytail , spent years in various wilderness hovels before nesting on a boat moored to the dock floating in the channel .
Twice a day , he rows or motors a tiny skiff to shore to pick up mail , get some grub or catch up on gossip .
“ It ’s not exactly picturesque , but nobody bothers me and I do n’t bother nobody , ” he said .
“ But once I settle some claims with the veterans administration , I ’ll have the money I need to get me another life , fix my boat , maybe go up and see my kids in Sacramento . ”
But cab driver Alan West said he is content to continue “ living like a hermit in a cave , ” referring to the cramped cabin of his old 33 - footer .
Surveying his craft ’s warped wood paneling , crooked Venetian blinds and decking splattered with heron droppings , he said , “ It ’s old , waterlogged , kind of a dump .
Low end .
But where else can you find a place to live for less than $ 500 a month ? ”
Greg Ashley , a maritime plumber and electrician who works in various marinas , has lived in Leeward Bay for two years and has a son who resides in an adjacent boat .
Ashley ’s roommate , a large green - wing macaw , is part of the Leeward Bay family .
No one seems to mind when Ashley , after a long day at work , heads to the Chowder Barge for a beer with his bird .
Ashley says he would n’t live anywhere else .
Advertisement
One resident who knows the cultural crosscurrents of Leeward Bay as well as anyone else is Lovelace , a bear of a man with a booming voice and white beard .
Affectionately called “ Tiny ” by residents , he ’s made ends meet over the last 11 years by towing boats and scavenging the harbor for recyclables .
Lovelace , 59 , also lends a hand when his boss , Perel , needs help dealing with deadbeats , troublemakers and abandoned boats .
In one craft left behind by its owner they discovered 35 boxes of costume jewelry , including 7,000 pairs of cheap earrings .
Another boat contained what an office manager described as “ the world ’s biggest porn collection . ”
One recent hazy morning , Lovelace tied his boat to the dock fronting the Chowder Barge , the marina ’s cultural heart and soul , where a corn dog , a tasty slice of pumpkin pie and a cup of coffee go for $ 4.80 .
One resident swears he moved to the marina for the cooking there .
The restrooms are marked “ Inboards ” and “ Outboards . ”
Advertisement
Built in 1934 to serve the movie crew during the filming of “ Mutiny on the Bounty , ” the Chowder Barge lists to the side containing a walk - in cooler full of Leeward Bay staples , including ice , beer and wine .
Over the years , it ’s been a floating brothel , a houseboat , a machine shop , an art studio and an abandoned hulk .
It has been owned and operated since 1967 by Lyle and Mary Panter .
Locals call her “ Miss Mary , ” an energetic waitress - cook - clerk - cashier with a hair - trigger temper .
Asked how long the barge has been listing , she said , “ It leans like crazy !
Hell , I do n’t even want to know why .
It ’s been doing that for years . ”
The regulars use humor to disarm her and get a read on her mood .
Pouring coffee into the cup of a regular customer , she asked , “ You want cream and sugar in that ? ”
Advertisement
“ Just dip your little finger in it , Miss Mary , ” he said .
“ That ’ll sweeten it up . ”
Panter just rolled her eyes and padded into the kitchen .
Barge regulars still talk about the time she accidentally drove her Chrysler over a berm and into the channel .
“ This is gospel truth -- meaning if Jesus was standing right here I would n’t change a word , ” Lovelace said , holding up his right hand for emphasis .
“ We busted the back windows and pulled her out .
Then she handed me a sack of soaking wet $ 100 bills -- and a hair dryer to dry them out . ”
Advertisement
No one can say how long Leeward Bay ’s scruffy tenants and anti-establishment ambience can last as big shipping companies continue to gobble up waterfront property on which to stack their thousands of product containers .
This year L.A. and Long Beach authorities are pushing for stricter pollution standards and tougher code enforcement throughout the 52 - square - mile harbor complex .
Many marina residents fear such moves would prompt expensive upgrades that would translate into unaffordable slip fees .
Stricter enforcement might pressure boaters whose vessels are n’t up to code to make repairs .
Port authorities , worried about the health and safety of Leeward Bay residents , also have a long - term master plan that calls for moving the marina a few hundred feet farther away from the trains and most polluted portions of channel .
John M. Holmes , deputy executive director of operations at the Port of Los Angeles , said any change probably would be gradual .
“ I do n’t want to charge in like gangbusters and say , ‘ You ’re not in compliance .
Get out , ’ ” he said .
Advertisement
“ Marinas will have to meet higher standards , ” Holmes added .
“ But this is not a problem we are going to solve overnight . ”
Still , that kind of talk worries Leeward Bay ’s registered live - aboards and untold numbers of sneak - a- boards .
But Donna Ethington , a member of various port committees , aims to ensure that Leeward Bay and other marinas in the area are treated fairly .
She ’s resided in various local marinas for 27 years .
As the sun was sinking behind a pair of nearby dredging barges and the silhouettes of masts , Ethington , also Leeward Bay Marina ’s bookkeeper , sighed .
“ The authorities do n’t understand us , ” she said , “ but we ’re port tenants too . ”
Advertisement
The need for a place like Leeward Bay will always be there , even if the space is n’t .
“ A few days ago , a young guy showed up with a guitar , bedding , a dog , and cash in his pocket saying he wanted to buy a boat and move in immediately , ” Ethington said .
“ He bought a boat and took over a slip lease from an existing tenant .
“ Trouble is , we do n’t have room for another live - aboard .
So we gave him 30 days to find another place to live . ”
*
Advertisement
louis.sahagun@latimes.com
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Small pockets of Neanderthals clung on in the south ( Image : Gibraltar Museum )
The ancient humans are thought to have died out in most parts of Europe by about 35,000 years ago .
And now new data from their last known refuge in southern Iberia indicates the final population was probably beaten by a cold spell some 24,000 years ago .
The research is reported by experts from the Gibraltar Museum and Spain .
They say a climate downturn may have caused a drought , placing pressure on the last surviving Neanderthals by reducing their supplies of fresh water and killing off the animals they hunted .
Sediment cores drilled from the sea bed near the Balearic Islands show the average sea-surface temperature plunged to 8C ( 46 F ) .
Modern - day sea surface temperatures in the same region vary from 14C ( 57 F ) to 20C ( 68 F ) .
In addition , increased amounts of sand were deposited in the sea and the amount of river water running into the sea also plummeted .
Southern refuge
Neanderthals appear in the fossil record about 350,000 years ago and , at their peak , these squat , physically powerful hunters dominated a wide range , spanning Britain and Iberia in the west to Israel in the south and Uzbekistan in the east .
Our own species , Homo sapiens , evolved in Africa , and displaced the Neanderthals after entering Europe about 40,000 years ago .
Neanderthals held on at sites like Carihuela ( Image : S Fernandez Jimenez / J Carrion )
These creatures ( Homo neanderthalensis ) had survived in local pockets during previous Ice Ages , bouncing back when conditions improved .
But the last one appears to have been characterised by several rapid and severe changes in climate which hit a peak 30,000 years ago .
Southern Iberia appears to have been sheltered from the worst of these .
But about 24,000 years ago , conditions did deteriorate there .
This event was the most severe the region had seen for 250,000 years , report Clive Finlayson , from the Gibraltar Museum ; Francisco Jimenez - Espejo , from the University of Granada , Spain ; and colleagues .
Their findings are published in the journal Quaternary Science Reviews .
Rare event
" It looks pretty severe and also quite short , " Professor Finlayson told BBC News .
" Things like olive trees and oak trees that are still with us today managed to ride it out .
But a very fragmented , stressed population of Neanderthals - and perhaps other elements of the fauna - did not . "
The cause of this chill may have been cyclical changes in the Earth 's position relative to the Sun - so - called Milankovitch cycles .
How Gibraltar might have looked in Neanderthal times
More details
Gorham 's Cave on Gibraltar shows evidence of occupation by groups of Neanderthals until 24,000 years ago .
But thereafter , researchers have found no signs of their presence .
However , in an interesting new development , scientists are also now reporting another site , from south - east Spain , which has yielded evidence for the late survival of Neanderthals .
In a study published in the journal Geobios , Jose Carrion , Santiago Fernandez Jimenez , from the University of Murcia ; and colleagues analysed pollen from soil layers at Carihuela cave to determine how vegetation had changed in the area during the past 15,000 years .
They also obtained ages for sediment samples from the cave , using radiocarbon dating and uranium - thorium dating .
Sediment layers containing Neanderthal tools were found to date from 45,000 years ago until 21,000 years ago .
Caution needed
These radiocarbon dates are " raw " , and do not exactly correspond to calendar dates .
They cannot therefore be compared directly with those from Gibraltar , which are calibrated .
Spanish archaeologists carried out a detailed excavation of Carihuela between 1979 and 1992 .
But the cave is currently closed due to a dispute between national and regional governments over rights to dig there .
Neanderthal bones have also been excavated from these sediment units , including a male skull fragment which could potentially be very recent .
But Professor Carrion is reluctant to draw conclusions .
" The human bones have been recovered in different excavation campaigns over 50 years .
The relationship between them and the dates I provide must be treated with caution , " Professor Carrion told BBC News .
He added that sediments in parts of the cave could have been churned up , mixing old bones in with younger material .
Clive Finlayson suggested the late Neanderthal dates from Carihuela might agree well with those from Gibraltar once they were calibrated .
Naughty Dog Software
Raising the Paradigm of Video Gaming  Again Thanks to Lisp and Allegro CL
>
In 1996 , an Orange and Blue creature named Crash Bandicoot sent the video gaming community into a tornado - like spin .
The animation , visual richness and action - packed fun of the game quickly propelled it to " the game to have " status on the then new Sony Playstation .
Created by NaughtyDog Software using Lisp and Allegro CL , founder Andy Gavin and his team quickly followed up on their initial success with several Crash Sequels .
To this day , the Crash franchise remains one of the most popular of all Sony Playstation games , and a quality standard that all other game developers try to match .
After four iterations of Crash and the release of the Sony Playstation II , Naughty Dog was ready to do something different .
And they have with Jak and Daxter : the Precursor Legacy , creating a fully realized world where the gamer can effect change in an environment that is seamlessly connected together .
Once again , NaughtyDog has raised the bar on game development  creating a game considered by many to be the most beautiful and brilliantly animated of anything available today .
NaughtyDog used Lisp and Allegro CL to create many of the tools they needed to design the fluid and precise moves that the characters in their games make , as well as the rich , textured and crisp graphics .
The Naughty Dog team was able to develop over 500 different types of game objects , each with uniquely crafted and tuned gameplay and visual characteristics .
Naughty Dog co-founder Andy Gavin , says the unique capabilities of Lisp enabled fast development and execution of character and object control  something that was needed to fully realize the numerous 3D creatures and devices which interact with the player in real - time ( 60 frames per second ) .
" Lisp was just the best solution for this job , " comments Gavin .
" With leading edge game systems like ours , you have to deal with complicated behaviors and real - time action .
Languages like C are very poor with temporal constructs .
C is just very awkward for a project like this .
Lisp , on the other hand , is ideal . "
As Gavin explains , " With Lisp , one can rapidly develop meta constructs for behaviors and combine them in new ways .
In addition , Lisp allows the redefinition of the language to easily add new constructs ; particularly those needed to deal with time - based behaviors and layering of actions .
Contrary to popular belief , there is nothing inherently slow about Lisp .
It is easy to construct a simple dialect which is just as efficient as C , but retains the dynamic and consistent qualities that make Lisp a much more effective expression of ones programming intentions . "
Gavin used Allegro CL to create a programming language called " GOAL " ( Game Oriented Assembly Lisp ) , which he designed specifically for the development of Naughty Dogs games .
Using this custom dialect whose compiler and development environment was written in Allegro CL , he and his team were able to produce hundreds of different game objects with sophisticated real - time behavior and animation , and more realistic graphics .
" The behaviors are faster to develop , and more compact than an equivalent C program , allowing for rapid prototyping and experimentation . " says Gavin .
Naughty Dog has been making computer and video games for over 15 years .
Company founders Andy Gavin and Jason Rubin started writing video games as teenagers , and produced several titles for Electronic Arts while still in College .
Gavin learned Lisp in 1992 while working on his Ph.D. in Computer Science at MIT .
While there , he and Rubin developed a fighting game entitled " Way of the Warrior . "
The high - quality graphics , sound and artificial intelligence of the game attracted several publishing offers  including one from Universal Interactive Studios ( with whom they signed a three - project deal in 1994 ) .
In 1994 the company relocated to Universal City California and began work on what was to become Crash Bandicoot .
This project required that the team expand beyond the original two founders , growing to eight people during the first Crash Bandicoot game .
In March 1996 , the Sony Corporation announced an agreement with Universal Interactive to publish and distribute the Crash games .
Naughty Dog relocated again to Santa Monica California in 1998 and Sony later purchased the company in late 2000 .
Naughty Dog , is currently a wholly owned Subsidiary of Sony Computer Entertainment America .
Naughty Dogs latest game , Jak and Daxter : the Precursor Legacy , exclusively for the Sony Playstation 2 was a hit game released in fall of 2001 .
The team is currently hard at work developing a new game for the Playstation 2 .
For more information about Naughty Dog , Inc. , visit them at : www.naughtydog.com
The possibility of mandatory community service is put forward today by Darra Singh , chair of the Commission on Integration and Cohesion , the body created by Tony Blair after the 7 July bombings in 2005 to promote more unity .
It echoes the concept of National Service , which ended in 1960 , that required all men between the ages of 18 and 26 to serve in the military for up to two years .
In an article in today 's Observer , Singh also suggests that children taking GCSEs in citizenship should be asked to a special town hall ceremony after passing the exam , to instill in them the sense of what it is to be part of Britain .
He also suggests that , along with learning about Martin Luther King , Gandhi and Nelson Mandela , children must have a chance to find out how Winston Churchill , David Lloyd George and Emmeline Pankhurst shaped history .
Singh , 47 , the chief executive of Ealing council in London , argues today that the benefits of volunteering are great , ' bringing together young people from different backgrounds to work together towards a common goal ' .
He adds : ' We need to have a debate about the possibility of a national community service - and we should not be afraid of asking whether this should be compulsory . '
But some campaigners are set against any idea of enforcement .
Terry Ryall , the chief executive of the youth volunteering charity ' v ' , said : ' What we are working towards is making volunteering appealing rather than compulsory .
A lot of young people are passionately committed to causes such as the third world , or global warming , but are not sure about how to become involved .
Making it coercive is not the answer . '
The issue of how to make society more cohesive in the face of threats from Islamic extremism and the British National Party has risen to the top of the political agenda in recent weeks .
Last week ministers said they wanted to introduce a national ' British day ' , a bank holiday to celebrate citizenship .
Singh said that , having spoken to hundreds of people over the past years and listened to the views of many groups , he would like to take the idea further and see 'a communities week that puts the local ( community ) centre stage - marking what makes our area unique ' .
The themes of promoting Britishness have already been enthusiastically embraced by both Labour and the Tories .
Prime Minister - in - waiting Gordon Brown pledged British jobs for British workers last week , promising 200,000 new jobs for those coming off benefit , and saying that firms would start to employ British people rather than cheap immigrant labour .
However , Tory leader David Cameron said the UK was failing to instil a sense of Britishness in its population , and should follow America 's example ..
The report , to be published by the commission on Thursday , shows that contrary to popular belief nearly 80 per cent of people feel groups from different backgrounds get on well in their area .
Hi , it 's Wednesday and four new games just arrived !
Amajeto revives their cooking lessons games and wants you to make a tasty omelette .
Then you wake up in Selfdefiant 's house where you do n't need to do anything just find your way out .
In tomoLaSiDo 's house you can play with very special device and produce a confection , and Neat Escape then imprisones you in a log house by the sea .
Have a good time and enjoy !
By Tim Weber
Business editor , BBC News website , Davos
Do you know if your PC has been taken over by cyber -criminals ?
Up to a quarter of computers on the net may be used by cyber criminals in so - called botnets , said Vint Cerf , one of the fathers of the internet .
Technology writer John Markoff said : " It 's as bad as you can imagine , it puts the whole internet at risk . "
The panel of leading experts was discussing the future of the internet at the World Economic Forum in Davos .
Internet pandemic
Mr Cerf , who is one of the co-developers of the TCP / IP standard that underlies all internet traffic and now works for Google , likened the spread of botnets to a " pandemic " .
Of the 600 million computers currently on the internet , between 100 and 150 million were already part of these botnets , Mr Cerf said .
Despite all that , the net is still working , which is pretty amazing .
It 's pretty resilient
Vint Cerf
Cracking hi-tech crime
Botnets are made up of large numbers of computers that malicious hackers have brought under their control after infecting them with so - called Trojan virus programs .
While most owners are oblivious to the infection , the networks of tens of thousands of computers are used to launch spam e-mail campaigns , denial - of - service attacks or online fraud schemes .
Net resilience
Mr Markoff , who writes for the New York Times , said that a single botnet at one point used up about 15 % of Yahoo 's search capacity .
It used retrieved random text snippets to camouflage messages so that its spam e-mail could get past spam filters .
" Despite all that , the net is still working , which is amazing .
It 's pretty resilient , " said Mr Cerf .
The expert panel , among them Michael Dell , founder of Dell computers , and Hamadoun Toure , secretary general of the International Telecommunication Union , agreed that a solution had to be found to ensure the survival of the web .
But its members were unsure about feasible solutions , even though they identified operating systems and authentication as key issues .
Microsoft has tried to toughen up its programs ' security measures
It was still too easy for net criminals to hide their tracks , several panel members said , although they acknowledged that it was probably not desirable that every individual was definitively identifiable .
" Anonymity has its value , and it has its risk , " said Jonathan Zittrain , professor for internet governance at the University of Oxford .
Closing doors
Operating systems like Microsoft Windows , meanwhile , still made it too easy for criminals to infiltrate them , the experts said .
Microsoft had done a good job improving security for its latest operating system , Windows Vista , said Mr Markoff .
WORLD ECONOMIC FORUM
It 's a known threat , but the numbers I heard today are staggering .
Tim Weber , BBC
News website business editor in Davos
Read Tim on our Davos blog
Experience showed that about 50 % of all pirated Windows programs came with Trojans pre-installed on them , Mr Markoff said .
Mr Dell said the future might bring " disposable virtual PCs " , accessed through the internet , that would minimise the threat of a persistent virus infection .
Mr Toure said that whatever the solution , the fight against botnets was a " war " that could only be won if all parties - regulators , governments , telecoms firms , computer users and hardware and software makers - worked together .
Posted by Sir Cucumber at on Friday , July 20 , 2007
I think I may have chosen the wrong career path .
Oh , the corporate 9 - 5 compensates me generously , with little expectation of productivity , but it seems I 'm wasting my talent .
My talent for slinging .
Continue Reading >>
I started out with only 3 spider bags and a lazy pusher , but before my lunch hour was up I owned half of Miami .
The Diaz cartel offered me $ 132 k to be their friend .
I took their cash and moved on their turf anyway .
The next round they offered me $ 96 k to be their friend .
What awful recruiting firm found the executives to helm these narcotic distribution organizations and how did anyone buy an 8 - ball in this town before I showed up ?
we 're gonna have to reevaluate the timeline on those deliverables , Bob .
It 's not that hard , people .
You purchase in small quantities you pay a premium .
You go wholesale you get a discount .
Yet the more junk I want to buy the more per unit you want to charge !
Do they not have economies of scale in Cuba ?
And do n't get me started on hiring good help down here .
I keep telling Jorge and Jose they need to have their gunfights from behind the car as opposed to standing out in the middle of wide open intersections but do they listen ?
Nevertheless the money keeps coming in , the sun is shining , and life is good .
Who ever thought becoming a big - time drug dealer could be so easy ?
We would like to believe that the Bush administration has finally figured out how dangerous and counterproductive it is to hype intelligence — and that that ’s why officials are admitting they ’re not sure North Korea ever got very far with a secret uranium - based nuclear program .
But we doubt it .
It was just last month that intelligence officials , with their bosses ’ clear blessings , were insisting that Iran ’s leaders had personally ordered the smuggling of especially lethal roadside bombs into Iraq .
At least they did until the Pentagon ’s top general admitted that no one knew who in Iran was really calling those shots , and President Bush announced that it did n’t matter anyway .
So we suspect that this week ’s confessions of doubt about North Korea had less to do with a sudden burst of candor than the fact that Pyongyang has agreed to readmit nuclear inspectors — who probably wo n’t be able to find the active uranium enrichment program the administration has been alleging for more than four years .
Add to that the White House ’s eagerness for a diplomatic win in these bleak times — and its insistence that a nuclear deal cannot go ahead if the North is believed to be hiding things — and you understand why the White House might find this truth so convenient .
Late may be better than never , but it is n’t nearly enough to make up for the damage caused .
And we have n’t even raised the issue of Iraq and its long - gone weapons .
Jonah Goldberg offers a new talking point for the GOP : close public schools .
Here 's a good question for you :
Why have public schools at all ?
OK , cue the marching music .
We need public schools because blah blah blah and yada yada yada .
We could say blah is common culture and yada is the government 's interest in promoting the general welfare .
Or that children are the future .
And a mind is a terrible thing to waste .
Because we can't leave any child behind .
The problem with all these bromides is that they leave out the simple fact that one of the surest ways to leave a kid " behind " is to hand him over to the government .
Americans want universal education , just as they want universally safe food .
But nobody believes that the government should run 90 % of the restaurants , farms and supermarkets .
Why should it run 90 % of the schools — particularly when it gets terrible results ?
CREW :
CREW just released a new blockbuster report : The Best Laid Plans : The Story of How the Government Ignored Its Own Gulf Coast Hurricane Plans .
Best Laid Plans details the Federal Emergency Management Agency's ( FEMA ) plan to respond to a hurricane of Katrina 's magnitude and , very importantly , FEMA 's subsequent failure to implement that plan .
The full report can be found here .
Shortly after Katrina struck , on September 7 , 2005 , CREW sent a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request to the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , of which FEMA is a component , seeking records related to the federal government 's long - term planning for a hurricane on the Gulf Coast as well as its immediate preparations for and response to Hurricane Katrina .
The Best Laid Plans is based on the 7,500 records DHS provided in response .
What we found is disturbing -- and dangerous .
NEW YORK , United States — Baha 'i students in primary and secondary schools throughout Iran are increasingly being harassed , vilified , and held up to abuse , according to recent reports from inside the country .
During a 30 - day period from mid-January to mid-February , some 150 incidents of insults , mistreatment , and even physical violence by school authorities against Baha 'i students were reported as occurring in at least 10 Iranian cities .
" These new reports that the most vulnerable members of the Iranian Baha 'i community -- children and junior youth -- are being harassed , degraded , and , in at least one case , blindfolded and beaten , is an extremely disturbing development , " said Bani Dugal , the principal representative of the Baha'i International Community to the United Nations .
" The increasing number of such incidents suggests a serious and shameful escalation in the ongoing persecution of Iranian Baha'is , " said Ms. Dugal .
" The fact that school - aged children are being targeted by those who should rightfully hold their trust -- teachers and school administrators -- only makes this latest trend even more ominous . "
Ms. Dugal said the Baha'i International Community has been aware of scattered reports of abuse directed at schoolchildren but has only recently learned that young Baha 'is are now widely being forced to identify their religion -- and are also being insulted , degraded , threatened with expulsion , and , in some cases , summarily dismissed from school .
" They are also being pressured to convert to Islam , required to endure slander of their faith by religious instructors , and being taught and tested on ' Iranian history ' in authorized texts that denigrate , distort , and brazenly falsify their religious heritage , " said Ms. Dugal .
" They are also being repeatedly told that they are not to attempt to teach their religion . "
According to Ms. Dugal , one Baha'i has reported that the school - age children of a relative in Kermanshah were called to the front of the classroom , where they were required to listen to insults against the Faith .
" Another student , accepted at an art institute , has been followed by the authorities and on three occasions seized , blindfolded , and beaten , " said Ms. Dugal .
" While a few of these may be isolated attacks , the extent and nature of this reprehensible activity has led the Baha 'is in Iran to conclude that this is an organized effort , " said Ms. Dugal .
Of special concern , she added , was the fact that a high proportion of the attacks against high school students have been against girls .
" While the attacks reported to have taken place in elementary and middle schools were leveled evenly against boys and girls , those at the high school level targeted girls to a far greater degree : of 76 incidents , 68 were against Baha'i girls , " said Ms. Dugal .
Ms. Dugal added that the ages of the children and junior youth affected are as follows : at the elementary school level , grades 1 - 5 , students 6 to 11 years old ; at the middle school level , grades 6 - 8 , students 11 to 13 years old ; and at the high school level , grades 9 - 12 , students 14 to 17 years old .
The reports of attacks on innocent Baha 'i schoolchildren come at a time when a growing number of older Baha 'i students seeking to enter Iranian universities have been expelled after being identified as Baha 'is .
So far this year , at least 94 college - age Baha 'i students have been expelled from institutions of higher education .
That figure is up from 70 as reported in late February .
Since the Islamic Republic of Iran was established in 1979 , the 300,000 - member Iranian Baha 'i community has faced ongoing and systematic persecution .
In the early 1980s , more than 200 Baha 'is were killed , hundreds were imprisoned , and thousands were deprived of jobs and education .
At the present time , more than 120 Baha 'is are out on bail and awaiting trial on false charges , solely because of their religious beliefs and activities .
Over the last year , as well , international human rights groups have expressed concern at the Iranian government 's efforts to step - up their covert monitoring and identification of Baha 'is .
Intelligent extra-terrestrials almost certainly exist on distant planets beyond our solar system , leading British astronomers told the government yesterday .
The scientists expect that the first evidence of primitive alien life , such as microbes and vegetation , will emerge within 10 years , with more substantial finds following future space missions .
The experts , from high - ranking UK universities and research institutes , were gathered in London by the science minister , Malcolm Wicks , to describe the latest advances in the search for distant , habitable planets capable of harbouring life .
A recent revolution in technology means astronomers can now spot Earth - like planets orbiting faraway stars , raising the chances of alien life being found .
By analysing reflected light , it is becoming possible to find any that may host vegetation and breathable atmospheres .
" Twenty years ago we only had one solar system to study and that 's the one we live in .
But since then , there 's been an explosion in the number of planets outside our solar system that we 've been able to detect , " said Professor Keith Mason , chief executive of the Science and Technology Facilities Council and former head of space physics at University College London .
Some 200 planets have been detected orbiting stars other than the sun .
Scientists this year announced the discovery of a warm , rocky " second Earth " circling a distant star called Gliese 581 , about 20 light years away in the constellation of Libra .
Crucial measurements of the planet 's surface temperature range revealed it was able to hold liquid water , believed to be a prerequisite for life .
In 2015 , the European Space Agency will launch a mission called Darwin , a cluster of four orbiting telescopes that will scour the heavens for life - bearing planets .
For five years , the telescopes will peer at 500 stars and conduct spectral analyses of the 50 most promising planets it detects .
" You can be pretty sure that if there 's life out there , we 've a good chance of being able to say so , " said Glenn White , head of astrophysics at the Open University and a scientist on the Darwin project .
Our own existence may already have come to the attention of any aliens who are peering in our direction across the depths of space .
Since the advent of radio waves , stray signals have leaked from Earth and travelled as far as 80 light years into space , far beyond the closest stars .
" If there 's intelligent life out there , they sure as hell know we 're here , " said Michael Perryman , an astrophysicist at the European Space Agency .
The seven scientists , who included Ian Stevens , head of extrasolar planets at Birmingham University , and Suzanne Aigrain , of Exeter University , all believed that life existed elsewhere .
Only Dr Perryman believed humans to be the sole intelligent beings in the universe .
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - A young clerk with no knowledge of the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown allowed a tribute to victims slip into the classified ads page of a newspaper in southwest China , a Hong Kong daily reported on Wednesday .
The tiny ad in the lower right corner of page 14 of the Chengdu Evening News on Monday night , read : “ Paying tribute to the strong ( - willed ) mothers of June 4 victims ” .
An investigation was launched by Chinese authorities to find out how the advertisement slipped its way past censors .
Public discussion of the massacre is still taboo in Beijing and the government has rejected calls to overturn the verdict that the student - led demonstrations were “ counter - revolutionary ” , or subversive .
Hundreds , perhaps thousands , were killed when the army crushed the pro-democracy protests on June 4 , 1989 .
Hong Kong ’s South China Morning
Post said a young woman on the Chengdu Evening News classified section had allowed the ad to be published because she ’d never heard of the June 4 crackdown .
A man gave the advertisement to the clerk , who had recently graduated and worked for an advertising company responsible for receiving content for the ads section , the Post reported .
“ She called the man back two days later to check what June 4 meant and the man said it was ( a date on which ) a mining disaster took place , ” the Post quoted a source at the paper as saying .
“ This highlights ( the fact ) that the government needs to face up to history , ” the paper quoted the source as saying .
References to the massacre are barred in state media , the Internet and printed works , meaning many of China ’s younger generation are ignorant of the events .
Morton Gets Googled
By Brian Proffitt
Managing Editor
Andrew Morton has started working for a new company , but his day job as the Linux 2.6 kernel maintainer will remain exactly the same .
The new company is none other than Google , the Mountain View , CA - based company that has favored Linux in its operations and lately in its software development plans .
Morton started his employment on Monday , shifting into a new environment to do pretty much the same work he has been doing .
The reason for this odd statement is explained by who was funding Morton 's employment to begin with .
Morton was named a full - time Open Source Development Labs Fellow in July 2003 , and it is a common misperception that he was directly employed the OSDL .
In actuality , Morton was employed by Palo Alto - based Digeo Interactive .
" My position there was funded by OSDL so that I could work on the kernel full - time , " Morton said in an interview with Linux Today .
Until recently , the arrangement worked very well for the developer , who is oft - times referred to as Linus Torvalds ' right - hand man .
But recently , changes began to take place .
" There were reorganizations at Digeo which would have changed my work situation in ways which were not attractive , and it was time to move on , " Morton explained .
The OSDL offered to directly employ Morton while he worked from home , but Morton indicated that he preferred to work in an office with other engineers .
Thus a search for a new home was underway .
So why Google ?
Other than the well - known perks for working in Google 's Silicon Valley campus , Morton had a strong ethical attraction to working for the company .
" In my position as kernel maintainer I feel that I should not be employed by a company which has a direct interest in the kernel.org kernel because this would put me in a position of making decisions which are commercially significant to my employer 's competitors , " Morton explained .
" As Google maintains their own kernel variant for internal use , their interests are largely decoupled from what happens in the kernel.org kernel . "
Google 's active use of Linux and participation in open source development was another big draw .
" It is beneficial to me ( and to Linux ) that I be in day - to - day contact with people who use Linux for real things .
Hence Google is a good all - round fit , " Morton added .
Other than new digs and new co-workers , Morton 's relationship with OSDL remains unchanged .
He values the industry contacts the he has gained working with OSDL , and has no desire to part with that advantage .
Of more importance to the Linux community is his status as the 2.6 maintainer .
The good news for them is , the status will not change a whit .
" I shall continue my maintainership role with the Linux kernel - - there should be few if any visible changes in this function , " Morton stated .
The new working relationship should n't be a bad thing for Google , either .
The company 's efforts to make headway as a believer and user in open source software will certainly gain some street cred with Morton 's presence .
" We are pleased to confirm that Andrew Morton has joined Google as a member of our Linux development team .
Andrew joins Google from the OSDL and has an unparalleled background in Linux and open source development .
Andrew will continue his fine work on the Linux kernel and with organizations like OSDL .
We are thrilled to welcome him to Google , " said Google Open Source Program Manager Chris DiBona .
For his part , Morton is spending the week like any other first week on the job , meeting new people , adjusting to new e-mail , and the like .
" I look forward to working at Google - - they have become one of the great Silicon Valley engineering companies and I expect that , as happened with Digeo , my improved understanding of the problems which engineers encounter when using the Linux kernel for real - world applications will lead to a better kernel , " Morton said .
Still , the kernel developer was unhesitant in remembering how he got to this point in his career .
" I thank Digeo for the opportunity to work on Linux - they permitted me to work full - time on Linus 's kernel for a year prior to entering into the OSDL sponsorship arrangement , which was a considerable contribution , " he said , adding " I thank OSDL for enabling me to work full - time on the Linux kernel for three years and for all the other things they have done for me and for Linux . "
Related Stories :
Sun , Nov. 12th , 2006 , 11:30 pm
Zombie Safety BE SMART - Just say NO to splitting up !
I suspect this is only the first in a series .
I prefer the harsh black and yellow style safety posters , but this is the colour scheme used in my lab , so this is what I 'll use .
BE SMART - Just say NO to splitting up !
I suspect this is only the first in a series .
I prefer the harsh black and yellow style safety posters , but this is the colour scheme used in my lab , so this is what I 'll use .
Mon , Nov. 20th , 2006 07:05 pm ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) Good guide .
You did not point out the the futility of weapons that need to be reloaded .
Also having a zombie survival plan is a must for all men and should probably be included in a gender Turing test .
Mon , Nov. 20th , 2006 11:34 pm ( UTC )
maxradical Beware of false positives - some men prepare for SWAT attacks of their home rather than zombie doomsdays .
Shotguns and chainsaws need reloading / refueling ; anybody who thinks such items are futile is clearly mentally deficient , and probably thinks " zombies " are a particular type of fluffy pink marshmallow .
Blades wo n't do you a damn bit of good unless you 're a samurai or Schwarzzeneger , and I 've checked , you are n't .
( PS Max Brooks does not know a damn thing about zombie survival ) .
Beware of false positives - some men prepare for SWAT attacks of their home rather than zombie doomsdays .
Shotguns and chainsaws need reloading / refueling ; anybody who thinks such items are futile is clearly mentally deficient , and probably thinks " zombies " are a particular type of fluffy pink marshmallow .
Blades wo n't do you a damn bit of good unless you 're a samurai or Schwarzzeneger , and I 've checked , you are n't .
( PS Max Brooks does not know aabout zombie survival ) .
Fri , Nov. 24th , 2006 04:44 pm ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) : I love you This is fantastic .
You exhibit tremendous necropalyptic wisdom and skill .
Max Brooks is an arrogant parasite to the serious zombie preparedness community .
Fri , Nov. 24th , 2006 05:38 pm ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) : Re : I love you Have you seen that the undead have gotten litigious ?
http://www.kstp.com/article/stories/S20211.html
Is there anything more terrifying then the thought of being chased by zombies and lawyers ?
EvilDavid Fri , Nov. 24th , 2006 07:20 pm ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) : Re : I love you Actually , yes , I did see that .
Just this morning I posted it in the forums at www.zombiedefense.org - marvelous website for those who are serious about preparing for the upcoming zombie holocaust .
- UndeadMolly Fri , Nov. 24th , 2006 07:34 pm ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) : Re : I love you Zombie lawyers , of course .
Though at least then we can't be sued once we destroy them all !
Fri , Nov. 24th , 2006 07:34 pm ( UTC )
maxradical Zombie lawyers , of course .
Though at least then we can't be sued once we destroy them all !
Zombie lawyers , of course .
Though at least then we can't be sued once we destroy them all !
Fri , Nov. 24th , 2006 07:33 pm ( UTC )
maxradical Glad you enjoyed it and the expertise within !
My hatred for Max Brooks is beyond words ; the best thing I can say about his book is that it 's utterly plodding , stiff and lifeless writing is a good analogy for zombies .
Glad you enjoyed it and the expertise within !
My hatred for Max Brooks is beyond words ; the best thing I can say about his book is that it 's utterly plodding , stiff and lifeless writing is a good analogy for zombies .
Scope in JavaScript
In : Articles
By Mike West
Scope is one of the foundational aspects of the JavaScript language , and probably the one I ’ve struggled with the most when building complex programs .
I ca n’t count the number of times I ’ve lost track of what the this keyword refers to after passing control around from function to function , and I ’ve often found myself contorting my code in all sorts of confusing ways , trying to retain some semblance of sanity in my understanding of which variables were accessible where .
This article will tackle the problem head - on , outlining definitions of context and scope , examining two JavaScript methods that allow us to manipulate context , and concluding with a deep dive into an effective solution to ninety percent of the problems I ’ve run into .
Where Am I ? And Who Are You ?
Every bit of your JavaScript program is executed in one execution context or another .
You can think of these contexts as your code ’s neighborhood , giving each line an understanding of where it comes from , and who its friends and neighbors are .
As it turns out , this is important information , as JavaScript societies have fairly strict rules about who can associate with whom ; execution contexts are better thought of as gated communities than as open subdivisions .
We can refer to these social boundaries generally as scope , and they ’re important enough to be codified in each neighborhood ’s charter , which we ’ll refer to as the context ’s scope chain .
Code within a particular neighborhood can only access variables listed on its scope chain , and prefers interaction with locals to associations outside its neighborhood .
Practically speaking , evaluating a function establishes a distinct execution context that appends its local scope to the scope chain it was defined within .
JavaScript resolves identifiers within a particular context by climbing up the scope chain , moving locally to globally .
This means that local variables with the same name as variables higher up on the scope chain take precedence , which makes sense :
If my good friends are talking together about “ Mike West , ” it ’s pretty clear that they ’re talking about me , not about the bluegrass singer or the Duke professor , even though the latter two are ( arguably ) better known .
Let ’s walk through some example code to explore the implications :
< script type =" text / javascript " >
var ima_celebrity = " Everyone can see me !
I 'm famous ! " ,
the_president = " I 'm the decider ! " ;
function pleasantville ( ) {
var the_mayor = “ I rule Pleasantville with an iron fist ! ” ,
ima_celebrity =
“ All my neighbors know who I am ! ” ;
function lonely_house ( ) {
var agoraphobic = “ I fear the day star ! ” ,
a_cat = “ Meow . ” ;
}
}
</ script >
Our global star , ima_celebrity , is recognized by everyone .
She ’s politically active , talking with the_president on a fairly frequent basis , and incredibly friendly ; she ’ll sign autographs and answer questions for anyone she runs into .
That said , she does n’t have a whole lot of personal contact with her fans .
She ’s pretty sure they exist and that they probably have lives of their own somewhere , but she certainly does n’t know what they ’re doing , or even their names .
Inside pleasantville , the_mayor is a well - known face .
She ’s always walking the streets of her town , chatting up her constituents , shaking hands , and kissing babies .
As pleasantville is a big , important neighborhood , she ’s got a big red phone in her office , giving her a direct line to the president ( or at least a top aide ) 24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
She ’s seen lonely_house up on a hill at the outskirts of town , but never really worried about who lives inside .
That lonely_house is a world unto itself .
The agoraphobic stays inside most of the time , playing solitaire and feeding a_cat .
He ’s called the_mayor a few times to ask about local noise regulations , and even wrote ima_celebrity ( Pleasantville ’s ima_celebrity , that is ) some fan mail after seeing her on the local news .
this ?
What ’s that ?
In addition to establishing a scope chain , each execution context offers a keyword named this .
In its most common usage , this serves as an identity function , providing our neighborhoods a way of referring to themselves .
We ca n’t always rely on that behavior , however : Depending on how we get into a particular neighborhood , this might mean something else entirely .
In fact , how we get into the neighborhood is itself exactly what this generally refers to .
Four scenarios deserve special attention :
Calling an Object ’s Method
In typical object - oriented programming , we need a way of identifying and referring to the object that we ’re currently working with .
this serves the purpose admirably , providing our objects the ability to examine themselves , and point at their own properties .
< script type =" text / javascript " >
var deep_thought = {
the_answer : 42 ,
ask_question : function ( ) {
return this .
the_answer ;
}
} ; var the_meaning = deep_thought.ask_question ( ) ;
</ script >
This example builds an object named deep_thought , sets its the_answer property to 42 , and creates an ask_question method .
When deep_thought.ask_question ( ) is executed , JavaScript establishes an execution context for the function call , setting this to the object referenced by whatever came before the last ” . ” , in this case : deep_thought .
The method can then look in the mirror via this to examine its own properties , returning the value stored in this .
the_answer : 42 .
Constructor Likewise , when defining a function to be used as a constructor with the new keyword , this can be used to refer to the object being created .
Let ’s rewrite the example above to reflect that scenario : < script type = " text / javascript " >
function BigComputer ( answer ) {
this .
the_answer = answer ;
this.ask_question = function ( ) {
return this .
the_answer ;
}
} var deep_thought = new BigComputer ( 42 ) ;
var the_meaning = deep_thought.ask_question ( ) ;
</ script >
Instead of explicitly creating the deep_thought object , we ’ll write a function to create BigComputer objects , and instantiate deep_thought as an instance variable via the new keyword .
When new BigComputer ( ) is executed , a completely new object is created transparently in the background .
BigComputer is called , and its this keyword is set to reference that new object .
The function can set properties and methods on this , which is transparently returned at the end of BigComputer ’s execution .
Notice , though , that deep_thought .
the_question ( ) still works just as it did before .
What ’s going on there ?
Why does this mean something different inside the_question than it does inside BigComputer ?
Put simply , we entered BigComputer via new , so this meant “ the new object . ”
On the other hand , we entered the_question via deep_thought , so while we ’re executing that method , this means “ whatever deep_thought refers to ” .
this is not read from the scope chain as other variables are , but instead is reset on a context by context basis .
Likewise , when defining a function to be used as a constructor with the keyword , can be used to refer to the object being created .
Let ’s rewrite the example above to reflect that scenario : Function Call
What if we just call a normal , everyday function without any of this fancy object stuff ?
What does this mean in that scenario ?
< script type =" text / javascript " >
function test_this ( ) {
return this ;
}
var i_wonder_what_this_is = test_this ( ) ;
</ script >
In this case , we were n’t provided a context by new , nor were we given a context in the form of an object to piggyback off of .
Here , this / files / includes / default.csss to reference the most global thing it can : for web pages , this is the window object .
What if we just call a normal , everyday function without any of this fancy object stuff ?
What does mean in that scenario ?
Event HandlerFor a more complicated twist on the normal function call , let ’s say that we ’re using a function to handle an onclick event .
What does this mean when the event triggers our function ’s execution ?
Unfortunately , there ’s not a simple answer to this question .
If we write the event handler inline , this refers to the global window object : < script type = " text / javascript " >
function click_handler ( ) {
alert ( this ) ; // alerts the window object
}
</ script >
...
< button id='thebutton ' onclick='click_handler ( ) '>
Click me !</button >
However , when we add an event handler via JavaScript , this refers to the DOM element that generated the event .
( Note :
The event handling shown here is short and readable , but otherwise poor .
Please use a real addEvent function instead . ) : < script type =" text / javascript " >
function click_handler ( ) {
alert ( this ) ; // alerts the button DOM node
} function addhandler ( ) {
document.getElementById(‘ thebutton ’) . onclick = click_handler ;
} window.onload = addhandler ;
</ script >
…
< button id=’thebutton ’> Click me !</button >
Complications
Let ’s run with that last example for a moment longer .
What if instead of running click_handler , we wanted to ask deep_thought a question every time we clicked the button ?
The code for that seems pretty straightforward ; we might try this :
< script type =" text / javascript " >
function BigComputer ( answer ) {
this .
the_answer = answer ;
this.ask_question = function ( ) {
alert ( this .
the_answer ) ;
}
}
function addhandler ( ) {
var deep_thought = new BigComputer ( 42 ) ,
the_button = document.getElementById(‘ thebutton ’ ) ;
the_button.onclick = deep_thought.ask_question ;
}
window.onload = addhandler ;
</ script >
Perfect , right ?
We click on the button , deep_thought .
ask_question is executed , and we get back “ 42 . ”
So why is the browser giving us undefined instead ?
What did we do wrong ?
The problem is simply this :
We ’ve passed off a reference to the ask_question method , which , when executed as an event handler , runs in a different context than when it ’s executed as an object method .
In short , the this keyword in ask_question is pointing at the DOM element that generated the event , not at a BigComputer object .
The DOM element does n’t have a the_answer property , so we ’re getting back undefined instead of “ 42 . ” setTimeout exhibits similar behavior , delaying the execution of a function while at the same time moving it out into a global context .
This issue crops up all over the place in our programs , and it ’s a terribly difficult problem to debug without keeping careful track of what ’s going on in all the corners of your program , especially if your object has properties that do exist on DOM elements or the window object .
Manipulating Context With .apply ( ) and .call ( )
We really do want to be able to ask deep_thought a question when we click the button , and more generally , we do want to be able to call object methods in their native context when responding to things like events and setTimeout calls .
Two little - known JavaScript methods , apply and call , indirectly enable this functionality by allowing us to manually override the / files / includes / default.css value of this when we execute a function call .
Let ’s look at call first :
< script type =" text / javascript " >
var first_object = {
num : 42
} ;
var second_object = {
num : 24
} ;
function multiply ( mult ) {
return this .num * mult ;
}
multiply.call(first_object , 5 ) ; // returns 42 * 5
multiply.call(second_object , 5 ) ; // returns 24 * 5
</ script >
In this example , we first define two objects , first_object and second_object , each with a num property .
Then we define a multiply function that accepts a single argument , and returns the product of that argument , and the num property of its this object .
If we called that function by itself , the answer returned would almost certainly be undefined , since the global window object does n’t have a num property unless we explicitly set one .
We need some way of telling multiply what its this keyword ought refer to ; the call method of the multiply function is exactly what we ’re looking for .
The first argument to call defines what this means inside the executed function .
The remaining arguments to call are passed into the executed function , just as if you ’d called it yourself .
So , when multiply .
call( first_object , 5 ) is executed , the multiply function is called , 5 is passed in as the first argument , and the this keyword is set to refer to object first_object .
Likewise , when multiply.call( second_object , 5 ) is executed , the multiply function is called , 5 is passed in as the first argument , and the this keyword is set to refer to object second_object .
apply works in exactly the same way as call , but allows you to wrap up the arguments to the called function in an array , which can be quite useful when programatically generating function calls .
Replicating the functionality we just talked about using apply is trivial :
< script type =" text / javascript " >
...
multiply.apply ( first_object , [ 5 ] ) ; // returns 42 * 5
multiply.apply(second_object , [ 5 ] ) ; // returns 24 * 5
</ script >
apply and call are very useful on their own , and well worth keeping around in your toolkit , but they only get us halfway to solving the problem of context shifts for event handlers .
It ’s easy to think that we could solve the problem by simply using call to shift the meaning of this when we set up the handler :
function addhandler ( ) {
var deep_thought = new BigComputer ( 42 ) ,
the_button = document.getElementById(' thebutton ' ) ;
the_button.onclick = deep_thought.ask_question.call(deep_thought ) ;
}
The problem with this line of reasoning is simple : call executes the function immediately .
Instead of providing a function reference to the onclick handler , we ’re giving it the result of an executed function .
We need to exploit another feature of JavaScript to really solve this problem .
The Beauty of .bind ( )
I ’m not a huge fan of the Prototype JavaScript framework , but I am very much impressed with the quality of its code as a whole .
In particular , one simple addition it makes to the Function object has had a hugely positive impact on my ability to manage the context in which function calls execute : bind performs the same general task as call , altering the context in which a function executes .
The difference is that bind returns a function reference that can be used later , rather than the result of an immediate execution that we get with call .
If we simplify the bind function a bit to get at the key concepts , we can insert it into the multiplication example we discussed earlier to really dig into how it works ; it ’s quite an elegant solution :
< script type =" text / javascript " >
var first_object = {
num : 42
} ;
var second_object = {
num : 24
} ;
function multiply ( mult ) {
return this .num * mult ;
}
Function.prototype.bind = function ( obj ) {
var method = this ,
temp = function ( ) {
return method.apply ( obj , arguments ) ;
} ;
return temp ;
}
var first_multiply = multiply.bind( first_object ) ;
first_multiply ( 5 ) ; // returns 42 * 5
var second_multiply = multiply.bind(second_object ) ;
second_multiply ( 5 ) ; // returns 24 * 5
</script >
First , we define first_object , second_object , and the multiply function , just as before .
With those taken care of , we move on to creating a bind method on the Function object ’s prototype , which has the effect of making bind available for all functions in our program .
When multiply .bind ( first_object ) is called , JavaScript creates an execution context for the bind method , setting this to the multiply function , and setting the first argument , obj , to reference first_object .
So far , so good .
The real genius of this solution is the creation of method , set equal to this ( the multiply function itself ) .
When the anonymous function is created on the next line , method is accessible via its scope chain , as is obj ( this could n’t be used here , because when the newly created function is executed , this will be overwritten by a new , local context ) .
This alias to this makes it possible to use apply to execute the multiply function , passing in obj to ensure that the context is set correctly .
In computer - science - speak , temp is a closure that , when returned at the end of the bind call , can be used in any context whatsoever to execute multiply in the context of first_object .
This is exactly what we need for the event handler and setTimeout scenarios discussed above .
The following code solves that problem completely , binding the deep_thought .
ask_question method to the deep_thought context , so that it executes correctly whenever the event is triggered :
function addhandler ( ) {
var deep_thought = new BigComputer ( 42 ) ,
the_button = document.getElementById(' thebutton ' ) ;
the_button.onclick = deep_thought.ask_question.bind(deep_thought ) ;
}
Beautiful .
References
JavaScript Closures is the best resource on the net for a thorough discussion of closures : what they do , how they do it , and how to use them without going insane .
The Protype JavaScript Framework is full of little nuggets like bind .
The version available here not only allows the binding of a particular this value , but also of some or all of a function ’s arguments , which comes in handy all too often .
.
The version available here not only allows the binding of a particular value , but also of some or all of a function ’s arguments , which comes in handy all too often .
Douglas Crockford ’s JavaScript essays are excellent resources for both basic and advanced JavaScript programmers .
The man knows what he ’s talking about , and explains difficult concepts in an easy - to - grasp manner .
Variable Scope for New Programmers is a good article if you ’d like more discussion of scope from a beginner ’s perspective .
Written by Jonathan Snook , and published in this very magazine at the end of last year , it ’s still an informative and useful read .
Related Topics : Scripting , Programming
Andrew Orlowski of the Register recently launched an opinion piece that cast fear , uncertainty , and doubt upon music sales through iTunes , announcing that the service has " experienced a collapse in sales revenues this year . "
Orlowski based his ideas on numbers pulled from a Forrester research study , but interestingly , did not seek comment from Apple .
While Forrester 's research was based on a limited number of customer 's credit card records , Apple has a bit tighter grasp on how much it actually sells through iTunes .
Why did n't Orlowski ask Apple for comment on the data ?
Because he knew the numbers he extracted to create this new myth did n’t really paint the picture he implied they did ; in fact , his article even pointed out that Forrester 's Josh Bernoff " warned against extrapolating too much from the figures . "
Despite the warning , Orlowski ran with the data and drew a set of misleading conclusions from it .
The point was not just to create a sensationalist article , but to use it as proof for later articles that followed a preset agenda : iTunes can't succeed , because Orlowski has other ideas in mind about how to distribute the world 's music .
It 's the Register , OK
Orlowski , in San Francisco , writes for The Register , a British web site that is the tech world 's equivalent to the Onion , but instead of being funny , it 's more flamboyantly sarcastic .
The Register appears to be a news site on first glance , but it ’s really a tabloid style set of editorials that aim at being offensive more than informative .
One of the founders of the Register left to start the Inquirer , which uses an identical layout and style to print tech industry gossip and rumors .
It serves up a heavy dose of sensationalist headlines as well , under the tagline “ ... facts and friction . ”
To be fair , the Inquirer is actually slightly more shrill .
While nobody cites the Inquirer , the Register has somehow retained enough credibility to used as a frequent source for Wikipedia articles .
The Register generally presents Wikipedia as being unreliable and full of errors .
That makes the two the butt of each other ’s jokes , without either really intending it to be funny .
No Stranger to Myth
It was the Register that invented the " Apple will die from the Osborne Effect Myth , " which intended to instill panic that Apple 's Mac sales would tank long before the company could ever release Intel Macs .
Somewhat ironically , Wikipedia rewrote history to present the Register as having liberated the world from this myth instead .
Pshaw .
The Register also has been -- along with other news outlets that readily print any press release as news - - a major conduit for Greenpeace 's lies about Apple 's environmental record .
The Register also signed up to spread Tom Yager ’s panic mongering that Apple was closing the Darwin kernel to stop pirates .
Sites like the Register do n’t just spread erroneous ideas and rumors for fun , they do it to support the outrageous conclusions they have already made .
The Blanket License Manifesto
Orlowski needed a myth to create panic in iTunes sales because his personal view of the future of digital music is a socialist paradise where everyone is taxed , the proceeds all go to the RIAA , and users are allowed to return to the 90s method of digging through Napster - like sites looking for music ripped and tagged by the proletariat .
It 's all legal under his " blanket license " deal , where workers have Soviet style choice : join the collective or die trying to escape the iron curtain , er , blanket .
It ’s like WMA , but run by the government instead of Microsoft .
All this fervor for socialist music distribution has Orlowski in a fit frantic rage at the success of the capitalistic Apple and the bourgeois who shop online and pay for things they like in free markets .
The day after issuing his proof that iTunes had collapsed , Orlowski unsurprisingly printed a followup article bringing up his blanket license manifesto .
In his great leap forward for music , the RIAA is established as a Supreme Soviet and all songs are redistributed to the people , who now supposedly own entertainment collectively .
That means no pesky DRM nor any " RIAA stormtroopers , " because there will be nothing to police , apparently .
Instead , you will " be able to walk past a cafe or store and ' collect ' the music on your phone . "
And you 'll like it , or else ...
Seeing Red in the Socialist Paradise
There 's few problems with this socialist fantasy .
First , the very person who feeds Orlowski his ideas of Blanket License Economics also " suggested that CDs will go up in price as a consequence of a P2P flat fee . "
Then of course , there 's the flat fee itself .
Yikes Chairman Orlowski , the revolution is looking like an expensive mistake .
But wait , even ignoring the costs involved , does this plan even make sense ?
Rather than having a market set prices based on supply and demand , we 're going to let the RIAA simply fix prices it deems in the public interest ?
That did n't work so well in Soviet Russia , and President Nixon did not have great experiences with setting prices to stop inflation here in the US either .
If we have to live through the 1970s again , just to get back to the 90s and Napster , please let me off this crazy planet .
Myth , Interrupted
Beyond simple logic , the most crushing blow to the Register 's Collapsing iTunes Store Myth was a reality check from Apple .
Recall that Orlowski cited no comment from Apple in his first article .
Oops .
Real facts would have been problematic in establishing a need for a Supreme RIAA with taxation powers , allowing us to trade around our songs " freely , " while forcing everyone to pay for the privilege via convenient paycheck deductions , whether they use music online or not .
While Orlowski was busy printing his revolution followup article , Apple simply issued a statement saying the claims of collapsed sales were inaccurate .
Apple does n't report individual sales on demand , but anyone paying attention to Apple 's recent press releases could simply chart them and see that sales are not collapsing at all , but rather have been experiencing a sustained increase .
Carl Howe of Blackfriar 's Marketing did just that , charting both iPod and iTunes sales .
He concluded , " The bottom line : anyone who claims sales are collapsing can't do basic math . "
Finding Forrester
It 's not hard to see why Orlowski was happy to discover a set of numbers suggesting the collapse of free market music sales , and why he subsequently ignored all other information in order to have an opportunity to write about his affinity for socialized music .
But how did Forrester come up with figures that could be used to support such an idea ?
Simple answer : by only looking at one narrow angle of a small subset of the iPod population .
Forrester 's data came from 7000 participating users , less than half of whom even used the iTunes Store .
Further , the figures looked only at those users ' credit card transactions .
The problem is that a significant chunk of iTunes Store sales comes from gift cards , PayPal , and " iTunes Allowance " and other gift certificates .
Most kids do n't have credit cards .
Further , the popularity of iTunes prepaid cards as gifts means that a lot of people are buying from iTunes without Visa and Mastercard ever knowing it .
If Forrester 's data is correct , it may mean that iTunes users are indeed using direct credit cards purchases less in the iTunes Store , but jumping to the conclusion that iTunes is dying is an idea that the facts clearly do n't support .
The iTunes Vendor Lock In Myth
While Orlowski's banged on Paul Thurrott ’s iTunes failure drum primarily to suit his fantasy of socialized music , others were giddy at the prospect of iTunes collapse because of a related myth : the iTunes Vendor Lock In Myth .
Proponents of this myth worry that Apple 's FairPlay is unfairly locking Microsoft , Real , and Sony out of the market for digital music by blocking their efforts to push their own DRM systems on iPod users .
Are the rights of abusive DRM providers being trampled upon ?
Next Article :
This Series
From Conservapedia
For the impact on left - wing policies on Sweden and the rest of Europe , see European migrant crisis
Sweden is a country in Scandinavia .
The capital city is Stockholm , which is also the largest city .
Sweden has approximately 9 million inhabitants , with an area of 173,750 square miles ( 450,000 square kilometers ) .
Sweden has the highest abortion in the world outside of communist and formerly communist countries .
It also controls the granting of the Nobel Prize .
Sweden is a constitutional monarchy and a parliamentary democracy .
The Swedish parliament has 349 seats .
Carl XVI Gustaf is the current king .
In September 2018 , " Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven was voted out in a confidence vote in parliament as the center - right opposition and the nationalists joined forces to end four years of Social Democratic rule . " [ 1 ]
People
Sweden has one of the world 's longest life expectancies .
The country counts at least 17,000 Sami among its population .
About one - fifth of Sweden 's population are immigrants or born to at least one foreign - born parent .
The largest immigrant groups are from Finland , Iraq , Serbia and Montenegro , Bosnia - Herzegovina , Iran , Norway , Denmark , and Poland .
This reflects Nordic immigration , earlier periods of labor immigration , and later decades of refugee and family immigration .
Swedish is a Germanic language related to Danish and Norwegian but different in pronunciation and orthography .
English is by far the leading foreign language , particularly among students and those under age 50 .
Sweden has an extensive child - care system that guarantees a place for all young children from 2 – 6 years old in a public day - care facility .
From ages 7 – 16 , children attend compulsory comprehensive school .
After completing the ninth grade , 90 % attend upper secondary school for either academic or technical education .
Swedes benefit from an extensive social welfare system , which provides for childcare and maternity and paternity leave , a ceiling on health care costs , old - age pensions , and sick leave among other benefits .
Parents are entitled to a total of 480 days ' paid leave between birth and the child 's eighth birthday , with 60 of those days reserved specifically for the father .
Population ( November 2007 ) : 9,179,731 .
Annual population growth rate ( 2007 ) : 0.76 % .
Ethnic groups : Indigenous Swedes , ethnic Finns , ethnic Sami .
Immigrants : Total : 491,996 ( 20 % of total population ) ; Finns , Iraqis , ex-Yugoslavia nationals , Iranians , Norwegians , Danes , Greeks , and Turks .
Religions : Lutheran ( 87 % ) , Roman Catholic , Orthodox , Baptist , Jewish , Buddhist , Muslim .
Education : Years compulsory — 9 . Literacy — 99 % .
Health : Infant mortality rate ( 2006 ) -- 2.80/1,000 .
Life expectancy — men 78.70 years , women 82.94 years .
Work force ( 4.82 million , 2007 est. ) : Services — 70.7 % ; industry — 28.2 % ; agriculture — 1.1 % .
Unemployment ( 2007 ) -- 5.2 % .
Public holidays ( 2008 ) : January 1 ( New Year 's Day ) ; January 6 ( Epiphany ) ; March 21 ( Good Friday ) ; March 22 ( Easter ) ; March 23 ( Easter Sunday ) ; March 24 ( Easter Monday ) ; May 1 ( May Day and Ascension Day ) ; May 11 ( Whit Sunday ) ; June 6 ( National Day ) ; June 21 ( Midsummer Holiday ) ; November 1 ( All Saints ' Day ) ; December 25 ( Christmas ) ; December 26 ( Boxing Day ) .
The eve of a holiday is as important — or more so — than the holiday itself .
Most Swedes have the day off , including those working in the civil service , banks , public transport , hospitals , shops , and the media .
Others have at least a half - day .
This applies especially to Midsummer 's Eve , All Saints ' Day Eve , and Christmas Eve .
The eve of May Day is called Valborg Eve or St Walpurgis .
When a holiday falls on a Thursday many Swedes have the following Friday off in addition .
When a holiday falls on a Saturday or Sunday it is not taken on the following Monday .
Religion and Sweden
Sweden is the most atheistic country in the world and the website adherents.com reports that 46 - 85 % of Swedes are agnostics / atheists / non - believers in God . [ 2 ]
Sweden also has the 3rd highest rate of belief in evolution as far as Western World nations ( see : Evolutionary belief and bestiality ) . [ 3 ]
Christianity in Sweden
Orberga church Vadstena .
80 % of the inhabitants belong to the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Sweden named The Swedish Church ( Svenska kyrkan in Swedish ) .
The number is so high because children born to members of the church automatically become lifelong members .
This church is somewhat unique because it has decided to agree to perform a blessing ceremony for homosexuals engaging in registered partnership ( full marriage for same sex couples is a matter of debate in Sweden ) .
This Church is considered a liberal Church and does not protest against abortions , divorce , and other conservative issues .
About 5 % of the Swedish population belong to " conservative " Christian churches .
Regardless of the church membership polls suggest that 46 - 85 % of Swedes to be either agnostics , atheists or non-believers of gods . [ 4 ]
In the 1960s the government decided to reduce education about Christianity in public schools .
In 2000 , the Evangelical Lutheran Church and the government were separated .
Before that , all children were born members of the church , except those whose parents took an active decision against it and both left the church .
Even if a child were not christened , he or she became a member for life , having to pay a small tax to the church .
In 2005 a Swedish Pentecostal preacher , Åke Green , was charged with , and found guilty of hate speech , when preaching Biblical teachings regarding homosexuality .
He was imprisoned for one month , but then acquitted by the High Court and the Supreme Court .
Leftist politics in Sweden
A nonexhaustive list of the left - wing agenda in Sweden :
Abortion in Sweden
Sweden provides taxpayer - subsidized , no-questions - asked abortions during the first 18 weeks of pregnancy .
During the following four weeks , women are required to get special permission for abortions .
Swedish politicians are currently discussing whether foreign women should be allowed to have a late term abortion in Sweden , and it is possible that the parliament will vote in favor of that proposition .
Low religious liberty
See also : Religious freedom
In 2017 , a Swedish local government unit forced a Christian preschool to ban prayer to God under the country 's Education Act , but the preschoolers were subsequently instructed to thank the sun and the rain before meals . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
Also in 2017 , the Prime Minister of Sweden stated in an interview that Swedish state church priests should " marry " homosexual couples regardless of what they think of it , and that they should leave their positions if they do n't do it .
[ 8 ]
In 2017 , the Swedish Labour Court of Appeal ruled that a pro-life midwife can be forced to perform abortions even if she objects . [ 9 ]
As of August 2017 , the case is being appealed in the European Court of Human Rights . [ 10 ]
Feminism
Although Sweden 's left - wing policies have negatively impacted the nation , including women ( See : European migrant crisis # Sweden ) , Sweden 's leaders continue to advocate for feminist policies , and in 2017 , learning about " men ’s violence against women " became a compulsory university subject . [ 11 ]
Transgender ideology
Sweden provides " gender - neutral " kindergarten lessons , and transgender ideology has a strong grip in its society . [ 12 ]
Mass immigration
For a more detailed treatment , see European migrant crisis # Sweden .
Liberal Swedish politicians have strongly supported globalist and pro-mass immigration policies , which have led to the non-Swedish population in the country massively expand , among other undesirable changes .
Government
Gripsholm Castle .
Popular government in Sweden rests upon ancient tradition .
The Swedish parliament ( Riksdag ) stems from tribal courts ( Ting ) and the election of kings in the Viking age .
It became a permanent institution in the 15th century .
Sweden 's government is a limited constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system .
Executive authority is vested in the cabinet , which consists of a prime minister and 22 ministers who run the government departments .
The present Alliance for Sweden government , led by Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt , came to power in September 2006 .
King Carl XVI Gustaf ( Bernadotte ) ascended to the throne on September 15 , 1973 .
His authority is formal , symbolic , and representational .
The unicameral Riksdag has 349 members , popularly elected every 4 years , and is in session generally from September through mid-June .
Sweden has three levels of government : national , regional , and local .
In addition , there is the European level which has acquired increasing importance following Sweden 's entry into the EU .
At parliamentary elections and municipal and county council elections held every four years , voters elect those who are to decide how Sweden is governed and administered .
Sweden is divided into 18 counties ( lan ) , 18 county councils ( landsting ) , 290 municipalities ( kommuner ) , and 2 semi- independent regions .
Each county ( lan ) is headed by a governor , who is appointed by the central government .
The counties coordinate administration with national political goals for the county .
The county council ( landsting ) is a regional government that is popularly elected with particular responsibility for health and medical care .
The municipalities are local governments that deal with issues such as education , public transportation and social welfare .
Elected municipal councils are headed by executive committees roughly analogous to the boards of commissioners found in some U.S. cities .
Swedish law , drawing on Germanic and Roman law , is neither as codified as in France and other countries influenced by the Napoleonic Code , nor as dependent on judicial practice and precedents as in the United States .
Legislative and judicial institutions include , in addition to the Riksdag , the Supreme Court , the Supreme Administrative Court , the Labor Court , the Law Council , District Courts and Courts of Appeal , the Public Prosecutor 's Office , the parliamentary ombudsmen and the Chancellor of Justice who oversee the application of laws with particular attention to abuses of authority .
At the national level , the Swedish people are represented by the Riksdag ( Swedish parliament ) which has legislative powers .
Proposals for new laws are presented by the government which also implements decisions taken by the Riksdag .
The government is assisted in its work by the government offices , comprising a number of ministries , and some 300 central government agencies and public administrations .
Principal Government Officials
King Carl XVI Gustaf .
Head of State — King Carl XVI Gustaf
Prime Minister ( Head of Government ) -- Stefan Löfven
Minister for Finance — Anders Borg
Minister for the Environment — Andreas Carlgren
Minister for Justice — Beatrice Ask
Minister for Foreign Affairs — Carl Bildt
Minister for EU Affairs — Cecilia Malmstrom
Minister for Social Security — Cristina Husmark Pehrsson
Minister for Agriculture — Eskil Erlandsson
Minister for International Development Co-operation — Gunilla Carlsson
Minister for Health and Social Affairs — Goran Hagglund
Minister for Higher Education and Research — Lars Leijonborg
Minister for Education — Jan Bjorklund
Minister for Culture — Lena Adelsohn Liljeroth
Minister for Elderly Care and Public Health — Maria Larsson
Minister for Local Government and Financial Markets — Mats Odell
Minister for Enterprise and Energy — Maud Olofsson
Minister for Defense — Sten Tolgfors
Minister for Integration and Gender Equality — Nyamko Sabuni
Minister for Trade — Ewa Bjorling
Minister for Employment — Sven Otto Littorin
Minister for Migration and Asylum Policy — Tobias Billstrom
Minister for Infrastructure — Asa Torstensson
Ambassador to the United Nations — Anders Liden
Political Conditions
Ordinary general elections to the Swedish parliament are held every fourth year on the third Sunday in September .
County council and municipal council elections take place at the same time .
The last elections were held on September 14 , 2014 .
There is a barrier rule intended to prevent very small parties from gaining representation in the parliament .
A party must thus receive at least 4 % of the votes in the entire country or 12 % in a single electoral district to qualify for any seats .
Elections to the Riksdag were held on September 17 , 2006 .
The Alliance for Sweden ( a coalition of four center - right parties — the Moderate Party , the Liberal Party , the Christian Democrat , and the Center Party ) won 178 of the 349 seats , securing Moderate Fredrik Reinfeldt the position of Prime Minister .
The 2006 election results for Sweden 's major parties were as follows : the Social Democratic Party ( 34.99 % ; 130 seats ) , the Moderate Party ( 26.23 % ; 97 seats ) , the Center Party ( 7.88 % ; 29 seats ) , the Liberal Party ( 7.54 % ; 28 seats ) , the Christian Democrats ( 6.59 % ; 24 seats ) , the Left Party ( 5.85 % ; 22 seats ) , and the Green Party ( 5.24 % ; 19 seats ) .
The Social Democratic Party has a base of blue - collar workers and public sector employees .
It derives much of its power from strong links with the National Swedish Confederation of Trade Unions ( LO ) , which represents blue - collar workers .
The party program combines a commitment to social welfare programs and government direction of the economy .
The Social Democratic Party has led the government for 65 of the 76 years since 1932 ; the 2006 election ended its most recent term of 12 consecutive years in office .
The Moderate Party emphasizes personal freedom , free enterprise , and reduction of the public - sector growth rate , while still supporting most of the social benefits introduced since the 1930s .
The party also supports a strong defense and Sweden 's membership in the European Union ( EU ) .
Its voter base is urban business people and professionals , but the party also attracts young voters , main - street shop owners , and , to some extent , blue - collar workers .
Moderate Party Leader Reinfeldt followed an election strategy of remodeling his party as " New Moderates , " moving away from the party 's right - wing , upper - class roots to appeal to a large middle ground of voters , and successfully winning over many who had until then supported the SDP , as well as others who had previously voted for the smaller , non-socialist parties .
Reinfeldt was instrumental in uniting the previously divided four parties of the center - right opposition .
The Alliance offered alternative policies focusing on job creation that persuaded the voters .
The Center Party maintains close ties to rural Sweden .
The main priorities of the party include providing a sound economic climate for business and job creation , climate change and environmental concerns ( including nuclear power ) , and health and welfare issues .
The Left Party , formerly the Communist Party , focuses on feminist issues , employment in the public sector , and the environment .
It opposes privatization , cuts in public expenditure , Swedish participation in NATO activities , and EU membership .
Its voter base consists mainly of young people , public sector employees , feminists , journalists , and former social democrats .
The Christian Democrat Party is conservative and value - oriented .
Its voter base is primarily among members of conservative churches and rural populations .
Christian Democrats seek government support for families and better ethical practices to improve care for the elderly .
The Liberal Party 's platform is " social responsibility without socialism , " which includes a commitment to a free - market economy combined with comprehensive Swedish social welfare programs .
Foreign aid , education and women 's equality also are popular issues .
The Liberal Party base is mainly centered in educated middle - class voters .
The Green Party is a leftist environmentalist party that attracts young people .
The Greens support a phasing - out of nuclear energy in Sweden and hope to replace it with alternative , environmentally friendly energy sources .
The next Swedish election for parliament is scheduled to be held in 2010 .
In 2009 Sweden will vote for its representatives to the European Parliament .
Foreign Relations
Swedish foreign policy is based on the premise that national security is best served by staying free of alliances in peacetime in order to remain neutral in the event of war .
In 2002 , Sweden revised its security doctrine .
The new security doctrine still states that " Sweden pursues a policy of non-participation in military alliances , " but permits cooperation in response to threats against peace and security .
The Swedish Government devotes particular attention to issues of disarmament , arms control , and nuclear nonproliferation and has contributed importantly to UN and other international peacekeeping efforts , including the NATO - led peacekeeping forces in the Balkans ( KFOR ) .
Sweden also contributes to the International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) in Afghanistan and assumed leadership of the Provincial Reconstruction Team in Mazar e-Sharif in March 2006 .
Sweden participates actively in the United Nations and its specialized and related agencies , including the World Bank , World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) , the International Labor Organization ( ILO ) , International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , United Nations Educational , Scientific , and Cultural Organization ( USESCO ) , World Health Organization ( WHO ) , and others including as a member of the Security Council in 1997 - 98 .
In January 1995 , Sweden became a full member of the European Union after a referendum in late 1994 indicated that 52.3 % of participants wanted to join .
Sweden became a member in part due to its increasing isolation outside the economic framework of the Maastricht Treaty .
Sweden is a member of NATO 's Partnership for Peace ( PFP ) and participates in numerous international peacekeeping operations under UN auspices .
Sweden also cooperates closely with its Nordic neighbors , formally in economic and social matters through the Nordic Council of Ministers and informally in political matters through direct consultation .
Swedish governments do not consider that nonalignment precludes taking outspoken positions in international affairs .
Government leaders have favored national liberation movements that enjoy broad support among developing world countries , with notable attention to Africa .
During the Cold War , Sweden was suspicious of the superpowers , which it saw as making decisions affecting small countries without always consulting those countries .
With the end of the Cold War , that suspicion has lessened somewhat , although Sweden still chooses to remain nonaligned .
Economy
Drottningholm , Slottsteater ( chateau theatre ) .
Sweden is a highly industrialized country .
Agriculture , once accounting for nearly all of Sweden 's economy , now employs less than 2 % of the labor force .
Extensive forests , rich iron ore deposits , and hydroelectric power are the natural resources which , through the application of technology and efficient organization , have enabled Sweden to become a leading producing and exporting nation .
The Swedish economic picture has brightened significantly since the severe recession in the early 1990s .
Growth has been strong in recent years , with an annual average GDP growth rate of 2.5 % for the period 2000 - 2004 and 2.7 % in 2005 .
The inflation rate was low in 2006 , with an annual average inflation rate of about 1.5 % , but unemployment remains a stubborn problem .
The inflation rate rose to 3.5 % in December 2007 .
The unemployment rate held steady in recent years at about 5 % and in 2005 reached 7.8 % .
Unemployment in 2007 reached 5.2 % .
Since the mid-1990s , Sweden 's export sector has grown significantly as the information technology ( IT ) industry , telecommunications , and services have overtaken traditional industries such as steel , paper , and pulp .
The overall current - account surplus has traditionally been much smaller than the merchandise trade balance , as Sweden has generally run a deficit on trade in services , net income flows , and unrequited transfers .
However , since 2003 this has not been the case , as the services balance swung into surplus in 2003 and improved further in 2004 and 2005 .
In addition , the income account also swung from deficit into surplus in 2003 , before slipping back to register small deficits in 2004 and 2005 .
Although the transfers balance remained in deficit , mainly as a result of Sweden 's contributions to the EU budget , the overall current - account surplus was larger than the trade surplus in 2003 - 05 .
Most categories of services exports produced an improvement over this period , but the biggest contribution came from business services exports , followed by transportation and royalties and license fees .
During 2005 real GDP rose by 2.5 % , 3.4 % in 2006 , and 2.9 % ( est. ) in 2007 .
The government budget improved dramatically from a record deficit of more than 12 % of GDP in 1993 to a surplus of 0.9 % of GDP in 2006 .
The new , strict budget process with spending ceilings set by parliament , and a constitutional change to an independent Central Bank , have greatly improved policy credibility .
This can be seen in the long - term interest rate margin versus the Euro , which is negligible .
From the perspective of longer - term fiscal sustainability , the long - awaited reform of old - age pensions entered into force in 1999 .
This entails a far more robust system vis -à - vis adverse demographic and economic trends , which should keep the ratio of total pension disbursements to the aggregate wage bill close to 20 % in the decades ahead .
Taken together , both fiscal consolidation and pension reform have brought public finances back on a sustainable footing .
Gross public debt , which jumped from 43 % of GDP in 1990 to 78 % in 1994 , stabilized around the middle of the 1990s and has been decreasing in recent years .
In 2007 public debt was about 35.6 % of GDP .
These figures show excellent improvement of the Swedish economy since the crisis of the early 1990s .
Eighty percent of the Swedish labor force is unionized .
For most unions there is a counterpart employers ' organization for businesses .
The unions and employer organizations are independent of both the government and political parties , although the largest federation of unions , the National Swedish Confederation of Trade Unions ( LO ) , always has maintained close links to the largest political party , the Social Democrats .
There is no fixed minimum wage by legislation .
Instead , wages are set by collective bargaining .
GDP ( 2007 , purchasing power parity ) : $ 308.9 billion .
GDP ( 2007 , official exchange rate ) : $ 384.1 billion .
Annual growth rate ( 3rd quarter 2007 ) : 2.5 % .
Per capita income ( 2006 , purchasing power parity ) : $ 33,897 .
Inflation rate ( December 2007 ) : 2.2 % .
Natural resources : Forests , hydroelectric power , iron ore , copper , lead , zinc , gold , silver , tungsten , uranium , arsenic , feldspar , timber .
Agriculture ( 2006 , 2.2 % of GDP ) : Products — dairy products , meat , grains ( barley , wheat ) , sugar beets , potatoes , wood .
Arable land — 6 million acres .
Industry ( 2006 , 38 % of GDP ) : Types — machinery / metal products ( iron and steel ) , electrical equipment , aircraft , paper products , precision equipment ( bearings , radio and telephone parts , armaments ) , wood pulp and paper products , processed foods .
Services ( 2006 , 59.8 % of GDP ) : Types — telecommunications , computer equipment , biotech .
Trade : Exports ( 2006 ) --$ 148.8 billion .
Types — machinery , transport equipment , motor vehicles , wood products , paper , pulp , chemicals , iron and steel products , and manufactured goods .
Major trading partners , exports ( 2007 ) -- Germany 9.9 % , U.S. 9.3 % , Norway 9.1 % , U.K. 7.2 % , EU total 59.7 % .
* Imports ( 2006 ) - -$ 127.3 billion .
Types — machinery , petroleum and petroleum products , chemicals , motor vehicles , iron and steel , foodstuffs , clothing .
Major trading partners , imports ( 2007 ) -- Germany 18.6 % , Denmark 8.9 % , Norway 8.5 % , U.K. 6.9 % , Netherlands 6.1 % , Finland 6.0 % , France 4.9 % .
History
Church Altar in Lund .
See History of Sweden
Some Notable Swedes
Idunn and Bragi by Nils Blommer , 1846 .
Alfred Nobel , inventor of dynamite ; founded the Nobel Prize
Anders Celsius , inventor of the world standard Celsius scale .
Carl von Linné ( Carolus Linnaeus ) inventor of the modern system of classifying all lifeforms .
Greta Garbo , actress
ABBA - 1970 's rock group comprised of Benny Andersson , Björn Ulvaeus and Agnetha Fältskog .
The forth member , Anni-Frid Lyngstad is from Norway .
Dag Hammarskjöld , UN leader
Astrid Lindgren
Fredrik Ljungberg
Henrik Larsson
Stellan Skarsgård
Saint Bridgid
Lars Magnus Ericsson
Gustavus Adolphus ( king , founder of Gothenburg etc. , died 1632 in the Thirty Years ' War )
Björn Borg , tennis player
Olof Palme , prime minister
Ingemar Bergman , actress
Roxette
Jussi Bjoeling
Laurentius Petri , archbishop and reformer
Lewi Pethrus ( 1884–1974 ) , founder of the Swedish Pentecostal movement
Olaus Petri , reformer
Nathan Söderblom , archbishop and Nobel Peace Prize laureate
Erik Trolle , bishop and statesman
Kettil Karlsson Vasa , bishop and statesman
Saint Birgitta ( 1303 –1373 ) , patron saint of Europe
Emanuel Swedenborg ( 1688 –1772 ) , writer , mystic and philosopher
Peter Stormare , actor
Victoria of Sweden
Further reading
References
A shot from the film Christiane F , directed by Uli Edel .
Christiane F became the symbol of the mid-70s junkie generation .
A heroine addict at 13 , Christiane was part of an infamous group of teenage addicts and prostitutes who made Bahnhof Zoo in Berlin their home .
Photograph : Maran / Popular / Hans H Kaden / TCF / Kobal Collection
Immigration u2018Compromise ’ Sells Out Our Sovereignty
by Ron Paul by Ron Paul
DIGG THIS
The much - vaunted Senate compromise on immigration is a compromise alright : a compromise of our laws , a compromise of our sovereignty , and a compromise of the Second Amendment .
That anyone in Washington believes this is a credible approach to solving our immigration crisis suggests just how out of touch our political elites really are .
The reality is that this bill will grant amnesty to virtually all of the 12 to 20 million illegal aliens in the country today .
Supporters use very creative language to try and convince us that amnesty is not really amnesty , but when individuals who have entered the United States illegally are granted citizenship — regardless of the fees they are charged — what you have is amnesty .
What is seldom discussed in the immigration debate , unfortunately , is the incentives the US government provides for people to enter the United States illegally .
As we know well , when the government subsidizes something we get more of it .
The government provides a myriad of federal welfare benefits to those who come to the US illegally , including food stamps and free medical care .
Is this a way to discourage people from coming to the US illegally ?
Additionally , one of the most absurd incentives for people to come to the US illegally is the promise of instant US citizenship to anyone born on our soil .
That is why when Congress returns next week I will be re-introducing my Constitutional amendment to deny automatic citizenship to individuals born on US soil to parents who are not US citizens or who do not owe permanent allegiance to the United States .
There are many other very troubling items buried deep in the Senate ’s immigration compromise .
The bill explicitly calls for an acceleration of the March 2005 agreement between the US president , the president of Mexico , and the prime minister of Canada , known as the  Security and Prosperity Partnership ( SPP ) of North America . 
This somewhat secretive agreement — a treaty in all but name — aims to erase the borders between the United States , Canada , and Mexico and threatens our sovereignty and national security .
The SPP was agreed by the president without the participation of Congress .
It should be eliminated , not accelerated !
According to the pro-Second Amendment Gun Owners of America , the legislation also makes it easier to target gun dealers for prosecution .
Even gun clubs could find themselves targeted under this immigration reform legislation .
Immigration reform should start with improving our border protection , yet it was reported last week that the federal government has approved the recruitment of 120 of our best trained Border Patrol agents to go to Iraq to train Iraqis how to better defend their borders !
This comes at a time when the National Guard troops participating in Operation Jump Start are being removed from border protection duties in Arizona , New Mexico , and Texas and preparing to deploy to Iraq and Afghanistan !
It is an outrage and it will result in our borders being more vulnerable to illegal entry , including by terrorists .
I will continue to oppose any immigration bill that grants amnesty to illegals or undermines our liberty and sovereignty .
Buy a copy of Ron Paul ’s new book for $ 20 .
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
The Best of Ron Paul
How to Read a Book suggests that when you read a book for the first time you should deliberately skip - read it , unhesitatingly skipping over detail sections .
-- Martin Fowler ( DuplexBook
In the past , I read technical books very differently .
Actually , I always read as fast as I could ; however , I would also do every example in technical books .
I found that if I did the examples , I would remember how to do something without needing to reference the book .
This worked fine for me , but I was working off a poor assumption : I would n't want to reference the book .
Then , Obie Fernandez and I worked together on my first Ruby / Rails project .
I had been doing fat client development in C# for the previous 2.5 years , so I had a lot of catching up to do .
I told Obie I was a bit overwhelmed by the number of books I wanted to finish ( Ruby books , Rails books , Ajax books , CSS [ no more tables ! ] ) .
He gave me a great tip : Read books to create a table of contents in your mind , but do n't focus too much on the implementation details .
I argued at first , but in the end I conceded .
The truth was , I did n't need to know everything in the book .
In fact , anything I did need to know , I would remember after the first or second time I had to look it up .
All that I really needed from my first trip through the book was to know what was possible , not exactly how to do it .
Since that conversation , I 've been very happy with the results I 've gotten from mentally indexing the concepts instead of memorizing the text .
And now the Pragmatic Programmers have made it even easier by offering their books in PDF form .
With searchable versions of the books available it's now easier than ever to read a book well enough to know what 's available and then search the PDF for the details when you need them .
The technique I 'm describing is what DuplexBook tries to offer you by providing the summary and details in different sections of the book .
I think DuplexBook is a great idea , but only time will tell if it is effective .
A possible issue I see with DuplexBook is that the summary may provide too many or not enough details depending on your personal preference .
Truthfully , I end up reading all DuplexBooks cover to cover anyway .
I generally like more detail than the summary provides .
So this is how it is with Heroes right now : I TiVo the show on Monday night ; spend all day Tuesday desperately trying to avoid spoilers ( one co-worker made fun of me by emailing the following : “ Mr. Muggles is the mastermind behind everything ” ) ; Tuesday night Rox and I watch it after dinner ; and on Wednesday I check out various online deconstructions : TWoP , Sepinwall , Poniewozik , EW , etc .
This is n’t so different than my current pattern with a lot of other shows —
TiVo , watch , deconstruct — except that Heroes also has something else that I check out on Wednesdays — the online comics on NBC.com .
Obviously , tons and tons of shows have official online sites , many of which have some pretty cool stuff — deleted scenes , podcasts , interactive games , etc — and so this is just one of several that I could have chosen to highlight .
But I think that the Heroes online comics are an example of a Web extra done right .
Of course , NBC is all pretentious and calls them “ novels , ” but I ’ve come to , if not love , at least accept a bit of pretension with Heroes , a show that clearly thinks very very highly of itself , despite some of the obvious weaknesses and glaring plot holes .
Which are usually along the lines of “ if so - and - so had such - and - such power , why did n’t they use it when this - and - that were happening ?
Oh and the fact that they still have n’t figured out how to make Niki / Jessica all that interesting .
All of which I gladly ignore when I ’m watching the show ( especially this weeks awesome , awesome alternate - reality — or is it ? — episode ) because they ’ve managed to combine Lost ’s sense of mythology with 24 ’s ability to move things right along .
And right now , Heroes is way more fun than either one of those shows , because the former is stingy with the action and the latter has run out of mythology .
Heroes , of course , has so much mythology that the official NBC site for the show is bursting at the seams with it .
And while I really do n’t have any desire to follow Suresh ’s map or join the Primatech Paper company , I think that the comic books really work well , for a few reasons :
First off , the comic book motif fits nicely with the overall conceit of the show , which is to try to bring comic book sensibility to Television .
I ’ve always only been a dabbler in comic book culture , so I ca n’t really comment on this , but I do know that doing a series of online comics for this show is a very natural extension .
Next , the comic books provide some good– and sometimes needed — backstory to characters and situations that are only briefly touched upon in the actual show .
Wanna know more about the Hana , the Wireless chick ?
Or Eden ?
Or the FBI agent ’s first encounter with Sylar ?
Or how Hiro built the timeline strings that helped him figure out how to save the world ?
It ’s all here .
I was going to say that the comic books were the equivalent of deleted scenes , but in a way , they are more , because there is sometimes a total geek argument over whether deleted scenes are considered canon , but there is no question that these comic books are supposed to be part of the Heroes canon .
Finally , even when the show was on hiatus , the comics were n’t — meaning that we could get a little new content every week .
I wonder if that will remain true even after the season finale .
My one problem , I guess , is that they are a tad too short , and sometimes the poor writing gremlins that afflict the actual show show up in the comics .
They also abandon storylines just as they are getting good , which I understand in terms of not wanting to give the audience too much , but is frustrating as a reader .
As are , at least to me , the forced attempts at interactivity that sometimes show up .
I really do n’t need to help Hana by clicking on the e-mail that they ’ve sent me if I ’ve registered at Hereos 360 .
I also wonder whether or not it ’s good advertising strategy for the Nissan Versa to be associated with the destruction of New York City .
But those are just minor quibbles .
On the whole , if you ’ve found yourself getting into Heroes at all this year , you should check out the online comics .
Development plans for Ubuntu 7.10 ( codenamed Gutsy Gibbon ) were announced last night on the Ubuntu development mailing list .
Scheduled for official release in late October , Gutsy Gibbon will include version 2.6.22 of the Linux kernel , GNOME 2.20 , and Xorg 7.3 .
Kubuntu 7.10 will feature KDE 3.5.7 and offer optional packages for KDE 4.0 RC2 .
Ubuntu 7.10 Server Edition will feature some nice additions , including support for Novell 's AppArmor security framework .
Ubuntu 7.10 will be the first Ubuntu release to offer a complete mobile and embedded edition built with the Hildon user interface components , which are also used by the Nokia N800 Internet Tablet 's Maemo platform .
The Ubuntu mobile and embedded edition is most likely intended for use on upcoming portable computing devices being developed by Intel .
This will also be the first Ubuntu release to include compositing support by default by fully integrating Compiz Fusion , a window manager that merges elements of Compiz and Beryl .
Xorg 7.3 , which includes RandR 1.2 and supports hotplugging for monitors and input devices , will vastly simplify Xorg configuration in Ubuntu 7.10 and significantly reduce the need for manual xorg .
conf manipulation for some users .
Ubuntu 7.10 will also include a new graphical display configuration utility that aims to reduce the complexity of configuring support for two displays .
Unfortunately , users who want to run more than two displays by using multiple video cards will have to continue to manage their configuration by hand and endure the serious deficiencies of Xinerama , which still is n't compatible with RandR .
Tribe 1 ( the first Ubuntu 7.10 development prerelease ) was officially released on June 7th .
According to the official release schedule , Tribe 2 is officially scheduled for release late this month shortly after the Debian import freeze .
Additional Tribe prereleases will be issued at the rate of one or two per month until October .
Assuming that circumstances do n't necessitate a deviation from the schedule , Ubuntu 7.10 release candidates will be available mid-October and the final official release is scheduled to take place on October 18 .
Favored by prominent hardware companies like Dell and Intel , Ubuntu is rapidly becoming one of the most important distributions in the Linux ecosystem .
The addition of the new mobile and embedded edition in the 7.10 release represents the next major step in Ubuntu 's evolution and portends broader Ubuntu adoption in the context of portable computing .
President George W. Bush and his supporters live in the world of “ what ought to be . ”
The U.S. ought to be able to crush the insurgency , establish liberal democracy , and impose Western values in Iraq .
America ought to be able to spread U.S. - style political systems throughout the Mideast .
Washington ought to be able to remake the globe .
But as liberal activists long ago discovered , social engineering is difficult enough in one country .
Most people are happy with their lives and beliefs , thank you very much , and are n’t interested in listening to sanctimonious elites lecture them on why they should change .
Now the right , to the extent that a big - spending , bureaucracy - creating , nanny - state politician like George W. Bush represents the right , is finding international social engineering to be even harder .
To transcend cultures , ethnicities , nationalities , histories , religions , and traditions is enormously difficult .
The problem is not that most people do n’t want to govern themselves .
The problem is that a lot of them are more interested in misgoverning those around them .
Thus , the debacle in Iraq was inevitable , at least as long as Washington had objectives beyond removing Saddam Hussein and bequeathing some modicum of order for a new regime .
The glorious campaign to recreate Iraqi society  with Washington officials even rewriting Iraqi traffic codes  would have crashed even had Bush administration officials not proved to be a gaggle of arrogant , ignorant incompetents .
The U.S. could have done better .
It could not have done well .
Not that the president has noticed .
His administration has been wrong at every point during the Iraq saga : claims of incredible danger posed by Iraq , predictions of swift victory and rapid troop withdrawals , promises of corners turned and light sighted at the end of tunnels , and visions of democracy and liberalism advancing across the Mideast all proved to be false .
Nevertheless , he asks  no , demands  that Americans trust his latest pronouncement of inevitable victory .
This even as 97 Iraqis were dying on July 12 , the same day he held a press conference on his administration ’s interim report on progress in Iraq .
The president adjudges it a great victory when escalating U.S. force levels reduce the slaughter in Anbar province and parts of Baghdad , even though violence jumps elsewhere .
He sees progress when the Iraqi army provides three brigades for use in Baghdad , even though those troops cannot be trusted to act alone or in an even - handed fashion .
He touts the promises of the sectarian government his policies brought to power in Iraq , even though it lacks the desire , commitment , and competence necessary to create a liberal , multi-ethnic state .
Continued Republican congressional support allows the president to brazenly challenge his Democratic opponents : “ I do n’t think Congress ought to be running the war .
I think they ought to be funding the troops . ”
But rising public dissatisfaction , even among GOP voters , is likely to soon generate a filibuster - proof majority in the Senate willing to curtail if not end the war .
The Bush administration made a catastrophic mistake when it invaded Iraq in 2003 .
Incantations about the importance of victory , eloquent statements on how victory beckons if only we will it , and anguished cries about the disastrous consequences of failure cannot obscure today ’s ugly reality in Iraq .
We have not created the liberal , democratic state of President Bush ’s dreams .
And we are n’t going to be able to do so , at least at a cost which the American people deem acceptable .
It ’s time for the U.S. to leave .
In the best case , an imminent American withdrawal will concentrate minds in Baghdad on the need to reach a sectarian accommodation .
In the worst case , the violence will worsen .
But even in the latter case , it is far better that U.S. forces be out of rather than in the middle of more sectarian chaos .
Unfortunately , at this stage Congress can’t prevent someone from being the last person to die for Bush ’s mistake in Iraq .
But Congress could ensure that there is a last person , instead of funding a steady stream of new casualties on behalf of President Bush ’s impossible dream .
There ’s another reason why U.S. forces need to leave  and soon .
It ’s what the Iraq war is doing to America .
The cost to the U.S. is high .
On average about three funerals take place every day as a result of Washington ’s planned cakewalk in Iraq .
The steady spread of anguish and sorrow throughout the U.S. heartland helps explain why President Bush ’s poll ratings now approach those of Richard Nixon at the latter ’s nadir .
Americans also are paying a high financial price for the war .
According to the Congressional Research Service , the U.S. is spending about $ 10 billion a month on the Iraq imbroglio .
That means another trillion dollars if Gen. David H. Petraeus was right in suggesting that it could take a decade to “ resolve ” the Iraq situation , whatever that might mean .
Imagine what else Americans could do with the money , other than using it to put their family members , friends , and neighbors in harm ’s way in an unnecessary and endless guerrilla struggle in Mesopotamia .
There are other costs .
One is the wear and tear on the U.S. military , and the resulting recruiting problems which have forced the Pentagon to lower standards .
Another is the erosion of civil liberties at home , as the war intensifies pressure for a national security state .
There also is the poisoning of America ’s political debate , where those who have botched an unnecessary war of choice accuse their critics of being unpatriotic .
No wonder 62 percent of Americans now say that going to war was a mistake .
And 70 percent want most U.S. troops to be home by next April .
Yet there is an even more insidious impact of the Iraq war .
It is transforming Americans and America .
Indeed , the change mimics what William Graham Sumner warned against in his famous essay , “ The Conquest of the United States by Spain . ”
He believed that Spain ’s imperialist heritage conquered America ’s republican tradition as a result of the U.S. war against Spain and brutal “ pacification ” campaign in the newly conquered Philippines .
We see that process at work again , through the deaths of Iraqis  thousands , tens of thousands , hundreds of thousands of Iraqis .
To be sure , Saddam Hussein was a prolific killer and American forces are directly responsible for only a small portion of civilian Iraqi deaths .
But by loosing the dogs of war in Iraq , Washington triggered a bloody process that has voraciously consumed many innocent along with some guilty .
Last year the Iraqi government estimated 150,000 civilians had died since 2003 .
A study by Johns Hopkins University figured 601,000 violent deaths .
Even the lower number is horrific .
Yet this staggering suffering has elicited scarce interest in the U.S. , other than from those who look at casualty figures as a parameter of U.S. success or failure .
Ironically , the casualties also pose a budget problem of sorts .
So far Washington has spent about $ 32 million on “ condolence ” payments when U.S. forces mistakenly kill civilians .
The higher that number , the more people that even Washington acknowledges have been killed erroneously .
Although there is no consensus on the number of civilian casualties , we can say with certainty that hundreds of thousands of Iraqis are dead who otherwise would have been alive but for the U.S. invasion : should we not weep at this loss ?
Assume that the invasion still was necessary and justified : should not war proponents have felt at least some regret at the loss of civilian life that would soon result , instead of planning their big end zone victory dance ?
The failure to reflect on , let alone care about , so many unnecessary , innocent deaths is shocking .
Unfortunately , the war is doing more than just expose America ’s sinful soul .
The war is further corrupting the essence of America .
Barbarity and brutality are inevitable in any conflict , of course  which is another good reason to always make war a last resort  but today a disturbing number of American troops appear to routinely treat Iraqis as an enemy other , deserving little or no respect .
Well - publicized have been atrocities such as those alleged to have occurred in Haditha .
Obviously , most American soldiers and Marines do not abuse Iraqis , not all claims of atrocities are true , and the U.S. military attempts to hold its forces accountable for misbehavior .
Nevertheless , guerrilla wars bring out the worst in people .
Indeed , it probably would be surprising if American troops behaved better .
Explained Michael Schwartz in Counterpunch :
“ This brutality is all very logical , once we understand the purpose and process of these patrols .
American soldiers and Marines are sent into hostile communities where virtually the entire population supports the insurgency .
They often have a list of suspects ’ addresses ; and their job is to interrogate or arrest or kill the suspect ; and search the house for incriminating evidence , particularly arms and ammunition , but also literature , video equipment , and other items that the insurgency depends upon for its political and military activities .
When they do n’t have lists of suspects , they conduct “ house - to - house ” searches , looking for suspicious behavior , individuals or evidence .
“ In this context , any fighting age man is not just a suspect , but a potentially lethal adversary .
Our soldiers are told not to take any chances ; in many instances , for example , knocking on doors could invite gunshots through the doors .
Their instructions are therefore to use the element of surprise whenever the situation appears to be dangerous to break down doors , shoot at anything suspicious , and throw grenades into rooms or homes where there is any chance of resistance .
If they encounter tangible resistance , they can call in artillery and / or air power rather than try to invade a building . ”
These practices are understandable , but have catastrophic consequences for Iraqi civilians  and for how Americans view Iraqis .
Yet this race to the bottom has been encouraged at least sometimes by official policy .
For instance , in the recent trial of Cpl. Trent Thomas , a Marine charged with murdering an Iraqi in the village of Hamandiya , Cpl. Saul Lopezromo testified that members of his unit began routinely beating Iraqis after officers ordered them to “ crank up the violence level . ”
Cpl. Lopezromo defended a squad which dragged a man out of his home and shot him : “ I do n’t see it as an execution , sir .
I see it as killing the enemy . ”
Cpl. Lopezromo said that all Iraqi men were considered to be part of the insurgency , and he explained the practice of “ dead - checking , ” shooting a wounded man to ensure death : “ If somebody is worth shooting once , they ’re worth shooting twice . ”
In perhaps the most disturbing report yet published about the conduct of the war , the Nation magazine interviewed fifty combat veterans about the conflict .
They “ described a brutal side of the war rarely seen on television screens or chronicled in newspaper accounts , ” write Chris Hedges and Laila al - Arian .
Hedges and al - Arian go on to summarize these stories , which “ reveal disturbing patterns of behavior by American troops in Iraq .
Dozens of those interviewed witnessed Iraqi civilians , including children , dying from American firepower .
Some participated in such killings ; others treated or investigated civilian casualties after the fact .
Many also heard such stories , in detail , from members of their unit .
The soldiers , sailors and Marines emphasized that not all troops took part in indiscriminate killings .
Many said that these acts were perpetrated by a minority .
But they nevertheless described such acts as common and said they often go unreported  and almost always go unpunished . ”
In reading their stories , one cannot help but sympathize with the U.S. personnel  sent out on dangerous , unpredictable missions , feeling betrayed by those they thought they were there to help , angry about buddies injured and killed by unseen assailants , and frustrated at their inability to eradicate mushrooming resistance .
Marines and soldiers describe risky patrols and brutal raids .
They talk about relying on useless intelligence , breaking into homes without interpreters , planting throwaway weapons on injured bystanders , and arresting people without evidence .
The U.S. government has set them up for failure , sending them on an impossible mission .
Nevertheless , those who suffer the most are Iraqis .
Imagine being on the receiving end of such behavior .
Beatings , shootings , and killings were , and presumably remain , common .
The tales are many and horrid .
Army Spc. Jeff Englehart said simply “ I guess while I was there , the general attitude was , A dead Iraqi is just another dead Iraqi . ”
These practices are undermining the military as a representative of the American republic .
The evidence is more than anecdotal .
A survey last year by the Surgeon General of the U.S. Army Medical Command found that just 47 percent of soldiers and 38 percent of Marines believed Iraqi civilians should be treated with respect and dignity .
Only a few more , 55 percent and 40 percent , respectively , said they would report someone who hurt or even killed an “ innocent-noncombatant . ”
These practices would be awful enough merely on moral grounds .
Think of living in a society where the “ liberators ” seem to destroy , injure , and kill at will , and were rarely held accountable .
But such actions also stoke the insurgency .
In a tribal society like Iraq , mistreating one person or family generates enmity from dozens or scores of relatives .
Hassan al - Suneid , an aide to Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki , recently criticized the U.S. military for human rights violations , including the killing of civilians through airstrikes : “ This embarrasses the government in front of its people . ”
That is , U.S. military practices are undercutting the very government the Bush administration is counting on to build a stable Iraq .
Finally , such brutal tactics sully the reputation of all Americans .
To report on improper U.S. military practices in Iraq does not diminish the brutality of al - Qaeda or other insurgents , the challenges facing U.S. personnel in Iraq , or the Pentagon ’s efforts to hold troops accountable ( Cpl. Thomas was subsequently convicted , for instance ) .
But the U.S. government cannot employ inhumane means in what it loudly and widely proclaims to be a humanitarian venture .
It can not allow inhumanity to become de facto policy if it claims to represent America .
The United States is different .
It represents , or at least once was seen as representing , much good around the globe .
If the U.S. is to be a light unto the world , it must act the part .
That means recognizing the temptations and limitations of power , and the omnipresent danger of its misuse .
In this we are failing in Iraq .
The U.S. must leave Iraq .
The reasons are many .
But perhaps most urgent is the risk of what we might become as a result of this conflict .
Spc. Englehart observed in the Nation : “ Just the carnage , all the blown - up civilians , blown - up bodies that I saw .
I just  I started thinking , like , Why ?
What was this for ? ”
What is this for ?
It is a question that every American today should ponder .
" Right now things are starting to come unglued "
That 's a quote from Charles Gradante of hedge - fund consultant Hennessee Group .
The only question is how far this thing is going to spread -- to other funds , to underwriters and ratings agencies , to investment banks special charges .
You know , how *CONTAINED this is .
The latest example of how well " contained " the sub - prime fall out is comes to us via a letter to hedge fund investors from Bear Stearns .
From this communique , we learn that the two funds that have had everyone so worried are mostly worthless .
The " better " fund is down 91 % , while the " lower quality " fund is down 100 % .
In the letter , Bear claims to have drawn down only $ 200 million of the $ 1.6 billion it put up , essentially to ensure an orderly liquidation of the market in the CDO derivatives the fund held .
As we noted late Monday ( WTF is going on in the ABX Markets ? ) , the RMBS / CDO market , as shown in the ABX indexes , are reflecting that " orderly liquidation , " as well as ongoing Subprime mortgage risk .
14 of 15 ABX indexes declined to new lows yesterday , according to Markit Group .
I have little doubt that CDO traders knew the Bear Stearn 's funds were near worthless , and were front - running the liquidation all this week .
We must note , not coincidentally , that one of the biggest sources of all this sub - prime junk , Southern California , saw home & condo sales tank 36 % in June .
That 's the biggest decline in 14 years , according to DataQuick Information Systems .
It is almost enough to make one ignore the abysmal Home Builders Index , now scraping new 16 year lows .
After the NYSE close , Intel defiled the parade of tech and capex bulls .
Intel said demand for flash products is lower than expected , and it lowered capex to $ 4.9B from $ 5.5B .
Q2 revenue declined 2 % and operating income 19 % from Q1 .
The tax rate was 29 % : 31 % was expected - but for that , they would have missed consensus forecasts .
A JPMorgan analyst stated Tuesday morning , “ Clearly business has bottomed for Intel . ”
You know , kinda like housing has bottomed .
So much for the coming capex boom .
~~~
Futures are reacting to the subprime and disappointing Intel report .
Today should be interesting , to say the least .
>
_____________
* Every time I hear the word " Contained , " I am reminded of that very amusing scene from " The Princess Bride : "
[ Vizzini has just cut the rope The Dread Pirate Roberts is climbing up ]
Vizzini : HE DIDN'T FALL ?
INCONCEIVABLE .
Inigo Montoya :
You keep using that word .
I do not think it means what you think it means .
They keep using that word " Contained , " .
Someone get these folks a dictionary .
>
Sources :
Subprime Uncertainty Fans Out
Bear 's Hedge Funds Are Basically Worthless ;
More Bond Fire Sales
KATE KELLY , SERENA NG and MICHAEL HUDSON
WSJ < July 18 , 2007 ; Page C1
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB118470713201469384.html
Moody 's Says It Is Taking Hit
Ratings Firm Loses Business As Tougher CMBS Stance
Spurs Issuers to ' Rate Shop '
KEMBA J. DUNHAM
WSJ , July 18 , 2007 ; Page B7
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB118471274304469543.html
Wednesday , July 18 , 2007 | 07:26 AM
| Permalink | Comments ( 62 ) | TrackBack ( 1 )
add to de.li.cious | digg this !
| add to technorati | email this post
Comments
See that Journal hed ?
" Basically Worthless . "
That 's going to cause a couple of spit - takes this morning as Wall Street settles down with its coffee and newspaper !
Posted by : Paul | Jul 18 , 2007 7:38:25 AM
The pilot project , backed by 6.3 million euros ( $ 8.6 million ) in federal funds , will demonstrate whether it is feasible for the Berlin - based Fraunhofer Institute for Production Machinery and Building Technology to use digital brute force to decipher 16,000 sacks of shredded papers that were left behind by former East Germany 's powerful secret police .
Jan Schneider , 36 , the Fraunhofer engineer heading the project , said the scraps will be placed on a conveyer belt leading to digital scanners which would obtain images of both sides of the paper .
The software will identify the paper color , typefaces , any rubber stamps and the outlines of the tears .
Just like a jigsaw solver , as soon as it discovers edges that match , it will link up the images .
" It 's very exciting to decode Stasi papers , " Schneider said .
" You have the feeling you are making history . "
The job was made easier by the way the Stasi officers had manually torn up the papers after their office shredders had broken down .
When a table would get filled with torn pieces , they were all shoved into one bag before the next lot was torn .
As a result , each sack contains almost a complete set of papers , with practically no mixing of documents between the bags .
Before the collapse
East Germany was a police state
As communism collapsed in 1989 , the Ministry for State Security burned and shredded files and tore others up by hand .
The burning and shredding cannot be undone , but the new authorities retrieved the scraps that were semi-intact and only jumbled .
Berlin vowed to put the scraps , which are mostly postcard sized , back into the correct order to be read .
The job fell to 15 workers sitting in an office near Nürnberg who have managed to work through 323 sacks since 1995 .
With nearly 16,000 more sacks to go , it would take over 400 years to complete the job manually .
In 2003 , the government said it could not afford 50 million euros to computerize the task , so legislators have approved a more modest pilot project .
Each scrap will be scanned and a computer will try to match images by shape , jigsaw style , to others from the same sack .
Germany has already opened many undamaged Stasi files to historians and to former Stasi victims , helping them to identify informers in a society that was ruled by the fear of denunciation , but there are big gaps in the archives .
Staff working for the custodian of the files , former East German democracy activist Marianne Birthler , say the funding means 400 more sacks can be processed in the next two years , more than the number reconstituted so far by human intelligence .
New insights expected
Stasi archives were already used to expose former spies
Birthler aide Günter Bormann said the bags to be scanned and re- assembled appeared to contain files in active use in 1988 and 1989 as the communist system teetered on the brink of collapse .
None are thought to relate to East German espionage abroad : that department 's files were almost completely destroyed .
It is not clear yet what will happen after the pilot project is completed .
Undamaged Stasi files have already helped to expose many of the turncoats who tried to bury their past when communism fell .
Former Stasi officers are barred as security risks from many German public offices .
A legislator , Klaus - Peter Willsch , said the documents might help undercover more Stasi informers so they can be punished .
He believes all 16,000 sacks could be reconstructed for less than 30 million euros ( 40 million dollars ) .
With the release of the initial two papers describing chromosomal DNA sequences from a Neandertal , I thought I would put together some frequently asked questions and answers to them .
I actually have been frequently asked most of these questions this week -- mostly by journalists -- so I think this is a good list .
I 'll be following up over the next few weeks with additional details , particularly as some of our own work moves forward .
I 've left some loose ends dangling here deliberately -- sometimes for the sake of brevity , in other cases because they await further developments .
UPDATE ( 11/17/2006 ) : I 'm editing through this , making changes here and there to make things clearer .
So as this progresses , it wo n't be identical to the initial version , although changes will be minor .
There are two papers in two journals , by two different teams of people .
What 's the difference ?
Both teams used samples from the same specimen , Vindija ( Vi ) 80 -- so in principle , they are sequencing the same genome .
The difference between the two comes from their methods of sequencing the DNA .
The Rubin group ( Noonan et al. 2006 ) is using a metagenomics method based on the creation of a clone library from the ancient DNA .
To make a clone library , DNA from a sample is cut with a restriction enzyme , which cuts the DNA at every place that it displays the same short sequence ( usually 4 - or 6 - bp sequences , such as " ATTA " ) .
The short fragments of DNA are mixed together and bound to vectors that can be maintained and replicated in cells .
This is the " cloning " process , and the " library " consists of all the short fragments , which ( hopefully ) overlap each other so that they can be reconstructed .
People have made libraries for a long time .
For example , the entire mRNA complement in a given tissue type may be made into a library of complementary DNA ( cDNA ) .
Once the library is made , it can be probed with short , labeled DNA sequences to assess whether a given gene is expressed in that tissue type .
Or contrariwise , after cDNA from the library is sequenced , it can be used to design probes to find where in the genome it came from .
The unique aspect of the metagenomic approach is that all DNA sequences from a sample will be included in the library , potentially seqeunced , and ultimately reconstructed with computers into separate genomes .
Usually cloning is preceded by an amplification step ( generally using PCR ) , which selects and amplifies DNA of particular interest for cloning .
But metagenomic methods skip this amplification -- because they cannot predict in advance what they are looking for .
One of the most important early applications of metagenomics has been to reconstruct the genomes of microbes that can not be cultured .
Even though these organisms are not amenable to keeping in laboratory colonies , their genomes can be reconstructed by sampling their environments -- for example , soil or pondwater .
Or fossils .
For the Vindija 80 fossil , the extract includes only around 6 percent identifiable " primate " DNA sequences .
Out of the roughly 20 percent that are identifiable at all , over half are microbial .
I suppose if you were interested in the long - term microbial decomposition of fossil bone , you could do your disseration on those .
For the rest of us , the final step is to let the computer spit out the humanlike sequences , which are assumed to be the Neandertal DNA plus some proportion of human contamination .
In contrast , the 454 group ( Green et al. 2006 ) used a method called bead - based emulsion PCR .
That is a mouthful , so it bears some explanation ( for which I 'm paraphrasing material from Margulies 2005 and Ronaghi 2001 ) .
The " polymerase chain reaction , " or PCR , is a method of replicating many copies of a DNA sequence from a single template .
Usually to do PCR , you design a " primer , " which is a short sequence of DNA that causes the target sequence to be preferentially replicated by the DNA polymerase .
With a number of heat cycles and sufficient primer , you end up with a whole lot of copies of just the piece of DNA that you want .
This is , of course , exactly why standard PCR is so problematic for ancient sequences .
There , you can't get exactly what you want , because it is broken into tiny bits and damaged .
You would be happy to get anything .
But if you amplify everything together in one giant vat , then the less damaged sequences will be the ones that amplify preferentially , and these are going to be worthless to you because they all represent contaminants of various kinds , like microbial DNA or modern human sequences .
The 454 method attaches all the tiny bits of sequence to tiny beads and separates these beads into oil droplets within a water suspension .
The oil droplets are the " emulsion " part , and by separating them in this way , the process can employ PCR while keeping all the tiny sequences seperate from each other .
Because they are kept separate , one good sequence can't swamp out all the others in the solution .
The PCR products all stick to the bead so that after they come out of the emulsion the copies of different sequences are still separate .
After PCR , the DNA is broken down into single strands , still attached to their beads , and the beads are deposited on a fiber - optic slide assembly .
The slide has tiny wells that are optically connected to a light - sensing CCD , which is essential for the " pyrosequencing " step .
Nucleotides flow across the slide and into these wells one after another ( T , A , C , then G ) .
When the DNA polymerase connects one of these nucleotides to the single - strand DNA in a well , it releases a molecule of pyrophosphate ( PPi ) .
That 's when the magic happens .
The solution also contains luciferase -- the enzyme that makes fireflies glow .
With some additional chemistry , the PPi gives a burst of energy to the luciferase , which then emits a spark of light .
The CCD picks up the light , which is a signal that the nucleotide was incorporated into the sequence .
Since nucleotides are added only every few seconds , a clever person with a notebook could reconstruct the sequence of the DNA fragment in each well .
The real trick is that the fiber - optic slide contains well over a million wells , all being sequenced simultaneously .
As the CCD picks up the series of flashes from every cell , the system is tracking many megabases of DNA in every run .
At present , this is the fastest method of DNA sequencing on the planet .
It can construct the complete genome of a microbe in a couple of hours .
If the 454 sequencing method is so much faster , then why would anybody ever want to build clone libraries ?
The claim is that the library approach is superior as a way to probe for specific genetic loci .
For instance , here 's a passage from p. 1071 of the Pennisi article :
[ Rubin ] envisions several libraries , each from a different Neandertal .
Researchers would pull out the same fragment from each library to compare with each other and with living people .
A pilot project has already demonstrated probes that ferret out specific target sequences , so the team need n't analyze the billions of bases shared by Neandertals and living humans , or among different Neandertals .
" We will be able to identify and confirm sequence changes in more than one Neandertal without having to sequence several Neandertals to completion , " Rubin says .
" Seeing the same change in multiple Neandertals will give us confidence that we got [ the sequence ] right .
This sounds similar to the study earlier this year that found Mc1r variants in different mammoths , but in fact that study used direct PCR rather than cloning ( I suppose because they have a heck of a lot more mammoth tissue to work with ! ) .
It 's not obvious to me that this is really that much of an advantage .
I mean , it 's certainly true that we really want to sample some genes ( like MCPH1 ) from several different Neandertal fossils .
But I do n't see any point to drilling into fossils for this purpose without also sequencing their full genomes .
Now , somebody will say , " Well , sequencing the full genome of every fossil is just too expensive .
We can limit to work on just a few genes much more cheaply , and we can use the same samples later to sequence other genes , or whole genomes . "
Personally , I do n't see the rush .
These fossils were in the ground for 40,000 years , and they 're not going anywhere .
If we can sequence whole genomes cheaply in 10 or 20 years , and additionally have better means of dealing with contamination , I do n't see why we just should n't wait .
Training graduate students in metagenomics is not a good enough reason to work on these rare fossils .
One may say that the same samples will be sufficient for later sequencing of whole genomes , or other genes , or Neandertal athlete 's foot fungus , or whatever , but in my experience it somehow never works out that way .
Somebody is always coming back to grind up , dissolve , or laser ablate more bone .
In fact , if I were looking to make the next advance in metagenomics , I would take some of that mammoth flesh , mix in some elephant blood , and find ways to resolve the parts of the resulting mix .
That would be something .
Are you saying you are against destructive sampling of these fossils ?
Not at all .
In fact , I think that genomics gives the most compelling reason ever for grinding up more bones .
There is just a huge quantity of information from DNA sequences ; far more than from the morphology -- especially for samples like bone fragments or isolated teeth .
Heck , if the devil came to me and said I could have the full genome sequence of every fossil if I would agree to their destruction , I think that would be a good bargain !
But it 's pretty clear that we 're not in that situation .
We can have our cake and eat it too -- and the longer we wait , the cheaper and less destructive this is likely to be .
And frankly , just one Neandertal genome is going to give us plenty to work on for a long time .
But then , I was trained as a fossil guy , and I 'm used to working with a few bits and pieces .
It gives me a natural advantage !
They say there 's no significant evidence of interbreeding .
Yet you told us last week that there is significant evidence of interbreeding .
What gives ?
A few years ago I gave a talk where I laid out what I saw as the problems interpreting nuclear DNA sequences from Neandertals .
Now , this was long before we had any reasonable prospect of getting such sequences , so it was purely based on knowledge about human genetic variation .
As I saw it then , there were two problems :
Human mtDNA is really variable , with greater than 1 percent sequence divergence between people , and much higher in some places .
In contrast , human nuclear DNA has less than one base pair in a thousand different between copies .
To get a reasonable picture of variation among people , you need long nuclear sequences so that you will find polymorphisms .
But ancient DNA is broken into short little sequences that are very difficult to reconstruct .
With mtDNA , this is less of a problem because it is clonal and a person basically has one sequence in many copies .
But most nuclear DNA ( all autosomal DNA ) exists in two , possibly different copies .
So reconstructing long enough sequences to study polymorphisms is very difficult .
The coalescence age of human mtDNA is only a couple hundred thousand years , so sampling ancient humans is sort of likely to result in sequences that lie outside this range of variation -- and with Neandertals , that is precisely what happened .
But nuclear loci have coalescence ages on the order of 600,000 to 2 million years or older .
With these dates , the diversity among living people must significantly predate any divergence of archaic humans for most nuclear genetic loci .
This means that Neandertals ought to have shared a high proportion of polymorphisms that are still variable in humans .
Since we can expect that Neandertals will not be very genetically divergent for these nuclear genes , compared to the genetic differences among living people , we can conclude that no gene is likely to tell us very much about the phylogenetic relationships of an ancient Neandertal with living people .
These two problems are still stumbling blocks for interpreting Neandertal sequences .
But the research teams found a very clever way to circumvent them , by using genomics approaches instead of genetic approches .
If you 've been scratching your head wondering exactly why " genomics " has a buzz , then this is a good example .
Because of projects like the HapMap and the chimpanzee genome project , we know a lot ( not everything , but a lot ) about human genetic polymorphisms and our genetic differences from chimpanzees .
In fact , we have databases of human single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) , and human - chimpanzee comparisons .
For each SNP , some humans have an ancestral nucleotide -- generally the one that chimpanzees have .
Other humans have a derived nucleotide -- the one that appeared in some ancient human , and different from chimpanzees .
For the most part , derived SNP alleles are recent .
A few of them are very old , and these tend to be found at high frequencies ( because the person who originated them had lots of descendants in that time ) .
But many more of them are recent , found in a relatively small number of people today , who descend from a common ancestor during the past couple hundred thousand years .
If Neandertals diverged from humans over 200,000 years ago , and they did n't interbreed after that time , then the Neandertal genome should have relatively few derived human SNPs .
In contrast , if the two populations continued to interbreed after 200,000 years ago , they might share fairly many of these derived SNPs .
Hence , we have a potential test for Neandertal - human genetic interactions .
Noonan et al. ( 2006 ) looked for these derived SNPs and found very few of them .
They concluded that there was no significant evidence of Neandertal - human interbreeding , although their statistical test could n't rule out as much as 25 percent admixture ( for reference , Plagnol and Wall 2006 estimated only 5 percent ancestry from all archaic humans , not only Neandertals ) .
Green et al. ( 2006 ) also looked for derived SNPs .
They had a much bigger sample of DNA to work with , so they ought to have a stronger test .
Here 's what they wrote ( p. 334 ) :
Using the SNPs that overlap with our data from two large genome - wide data sets ( HapMap , 786 SNPs and Perlegen , 318 SNPs ) , we find that the Neanderthal sample has the derived allele in 30 % of all SNPs .
This number is presumably an overestimate since the SNPs analysed were ascertained to be of high frequency in present - day humans and hence are more likely to be old .
Nevertheless , this high level of derived alleles in the Neanderthal is incompatible with the simple population split model estimated in the previous section , given split times inferred from the fossil record .
This may suggest gene flow between modern humans and Neanderthals .
Given that the Neanderthal X chromosome shows a higher level of divergence than the autosomes ( R.E.G. , unpublished observation ) , gene flow may have occurred predominantly from modern human males into Neanderthals .
More extensive sequencing of the Neanderthal genome is necessary to address this possibility .
If this observation holds ( i.e. , if it is not influenced by contamination , and the ascertainment function does indeed show this to be an excess of derived SNPs ) , then it is one of the strongest pieces of evidence for genetic intermixture of Neandertals and modern humans .
Note that there are two avenues for this gene flow -- either from the ancient ancestors of modern humans into Neandertals , or out of Neandertals into early modern humans .
I 'm sure we will hear more about this when they have more sequence .
In the meantime , the other source of evidence about Neandertal - human genetic interaction is the genomic variation of living people .
Last week 's paper on MCPH1 ( discussed here ) is a good example of what that evidence looks like .
The key feature is that if you troll through the genome , you begin to notice some loci with interesting genealogies .
The interestingness is a combined signature of recent selection and ancient population structure .
Looking for genes like MCPH1 in the Neandertal genome is a no-brainer .
We probably wo n't find a lot of them , because the Neandertals were a small subset of the ancient human population .
There is one further problem .
We can recognize these interesting loci in living people because they lie on relatively long haplotypes with little recombination .
The inference is that such an allele must have begun from a very low copy number around 30,000 years ago , presumably because it was introduced from some archaic population .
But the SNPs that are presently linked to the selected site were probably polymorphic within the archaic population , not fixed on a long haplotype .
Unless we know exactly which SNP is the selected site on a human allelic variant , we may have some trouble telling whether an archaic genome has the allele .
And as I note below , a large proportion of SNPs are going to be missing from the draft Neandertal genome even when it reaches an average 1x coverage .
This just means that evidence from the genomics of living people and from the Neandertal genome wo n't mesh together seamlessly .
There remains some complexity interpreting these relationships .
The divergence date of Neandertal and human sequences is estimated at around 520,000 years ago .
What does that mean ?
First , what it does n't mean .
It does n't mean that the human and Neandertal populations diverged 520,000 years ago .
I noted above that the estimate of the genetic divergence time comes from the proportion of chimpanzee - human differences for which the Neandertal shares the human allele .
But of course , some living humans have the ancestral , chimpanzee - like allele for many polymorphisms , so this comparison of polymorphisms is not saying that Neandertals were like chimps .
Instead , we are just disregarding the Neandertal - specific evolutionary events .
I 'm sticking with the 520,000 year genetic divergence estimate from Green et al. ( 2006 ) , instead of the older estimate from Noonan et al. ( 2006 ) , because of the vastly larger sample in the Green paper .
Still , most of the discussion does not hang too critically on the precise date ; although the date changes the interpretation by degrees .
The real interesting observation is the Neanderal - human genome draft difference compared to the human - human difference .
Here 's a passage from p. 354 of Green et al. ( 2006 ) :
We analysed the DNA sequences generated from a contemporary human using the same sequencing protocol as was used for the Neanderthal .
Although ancient DNA is degraded and damaged , this comparison controls for many of the aspects of the analysis including sequencing and alignment methodology .
In this case , 7.1 % of the divergence along the human lineage is assigned to the time subsequent to the divergence of the two human sequences .
The average divergence time between alleles within humans is thus 459,000 years with a 95 % confidence interval between 419,000 and 498,000 years .
As expected , this estimate of the average human diversity is less than the divergence seen between the human and the Neanderthal sequences , but constitutes a large fraction of it because much of the human sequence diversity is expected to predate the human - Neanderthal split .
Neanderthal genetic differences to humans must therefore be interpreted within the context of human diversity .
They do n't specify where this " contemporary human " was from .
The draft human genome is a chimera made up of anonymous people from different populations .
That means that wherever the " contemporary human " is from , it will be the same region as represented by some part of the draft genome , but not all .
So the divergence between these two mystery sequences is likely to be greater than average within a single population , and less than average between different populations .
Keeping that in mind , the human - Neandertal difference is startlingly close to this human - human difference measurement .
The Neandertal is only 10 percent more different from the draft human genome than these two human sequences are from each other .
It seems very likely that we will find pairs of living human populations where the average genetic divergence is older -- maybe much older -- than this human - Neandertal divergence .
For instance , it seems almost certain that the great genetic variability among living African groups will exceed this human - Neandertal difference .
Some geneticists have noted that European and Asian populations seem to be a genetic " subset " of African populations , at least for many genetic loci .
With these kinds of numbers , it looks like Neandertals may be a subset of living human diversity in the same sense .
I 've never much liked that formulation , because " subset " is never really an accurate description of the genetic relationships .
But if the seat of living human diversity is Africa , adding Neandertals to the mix may not change that pattern at all .
As Green and colleagues note , most of the genetic divergence between humans and Neandertals , and between humans and other living humans , is actually much older than the divergence of these populations from each other .
At one limit ( that is , assuming complete isolation of humans and Neandertals after some date ) , the population divergence time depends on the effective size of the population that was ancestral to living humans and Neandertals .
It is basically not possible to obtain a good estimate of this ancestral effective population size from the current Neandertal data -- mainly because good estimates depend on heterogeneity in divergence times among loci , which we can't infer for the short Neandertal sequences .
Both papers assume that this ancestral effective population size was small -- even smaller than the long - term human effective population size of around 10,000 individuals .
A smaller effective size for the human - Neandertal ancestral population is fairly unlikely , though , since it must have been distributed across large parts of Europe and Africa at a minimum .
More likely , the effective size was close to 10,000 , just as in humans , since the human effective size is inferred to have been that small over at least the past million years .
If you 're reading the term " effective population size " for the first time , do n't worry .
It does n't mean " population size " , and it has mainly a technical genetic meaning .
It is sort of important that the Neandertal sequence supports this particular effective size over the long term , but it will take another post to explain why .
As noted above , the populations may never have been isolated .
The derived SNP evidence might suggest that there was never any population divergence , or at least no long period of complete isolation , between humans and Neandertals .
We 'll have to wait and see .
Why does this bone have such a low level of contamination compared to other Neandertals ?
I should start by pointing out that " contamination " here means " modern human sequence " .
All fossil bones are loaded with exogenous DNA , like bacterial and fungal genomes that invaded after the animal died .
From a certain point of view , those exogenous genes are contaminants -- we are generally not interested in their sequences , and sorting them out from the endogenous Neandertal DNA is a real nuisance .
But because we have a reference genome from humans to compare with the sequences from the ancient bone , we can sort out these bacterial and other exogenous sequences .
So although they do " contaminate " the bone , they do n't distort our picture of the sequence .
The real problem is that there are contaminating sequences from recent humans in the ancient bones .
These sequences come from excavators , anthropologists who studied the bones , museum personnel , graduate students who cleaned and prepared the bones for sequencing , other samples from the labs doing the work , and who knows where else .
I have been asked many times why they can't eliminate this contamination .
For example , why can't they just clean the bone , or take samples from deep inside the bone , or take samples from deep inside of teeth , or use a clean room , yada yada yada .
The answer is that they do wash the bones , and they do eliminate the outer surface , and they do take samples from deep inside of bones , and they do work in a clean room , with ultraviolet lights and positive air pressure so that DNA can't get sucked into the room , and rubber gloves and bunny suits , and the whole nine yards .
And the bones are still contaminated , deep inside them .
Now , you may imagine anthropologists picking their noses with the bones , and using them as chopsticks , and putting them up to their ears to hear them breathing , and all manner of other things .
The truth is , I have no idea how the contamination gets in there , and neither does anybody else .
It 's just there , and apparently we can't avoid it .
The extraction team looked at lots of Neandertal specimens , with one question in mind :
How much human contamination does this bone have ?
To answer this question , they amplified mtDNA sequences , and assessed what proportion of transcripts were Neandertal - like and what proportion were human - like .
Vindija 80 stood out as having a very low proportion of human - like transcripts -- less than 2 percent .
So they inferred that there was little contamination of the sample by recent human DNA , and are working under the assumption that the nuclear genome is contaminated in a similar low proportion .
As for why this particular bone has such low contamination , well , nobody really knows that either .
Svante Pääbo speculates that it is because Vi 80 was originally identified as fauna and has n't been handled much .
He might well be right .
Which would bring us back to the nose - picking chopstick bone theory , I suppose .
If Vindija 80 was put in a box with fauna , it can't be very diagnostic .
This high preservation seems very unusual .
How do they know it was a Neandertal ?
The radiocarbon date is 38,310 +/- 2130 , and they found very high preservation of a Neandertal - like mtDNA sequence .
If you think that fails to answer the question , well ...
How can they deal with the damage to ancient DNA sequences ?
One of the things that has become clear about ancient DNA research is that DNA from ancient fossils undergoes various kinds of damage .
The most obvious is the fragmentation of the DNA into very small pieces , a problem that both the sequencing approaches have been designed to circumvent .
But a more serious problem is that some bases become degraded over time in ways that cause the sequencing methods to misidentify them .
For example , cytosine ( the " C " base ) can be chemically modified over time into a base called uracil , which sequencing methods misidentify as a thymine ( the " T " base ) .
There seems to be no way to tell which base pair changes are diagenetic ( i.e. DNA damage - induced ) and which are genuine Neandertal changes .
So , the teams took a radical approach : just ignore all the changes that are possibly damage .
Instead of analyzing Neandertal - specific changes , they decided to assess the status of human polymorphisms and human - chimpanzee differences in the Neandertal seqeunce .
This method is how they estimated the Neandertal - human genetic divergence time , for example -- because the Neandertals have approximately 96 percent similarity with humans for human - chimpanzee genetic differences , it is possible to infer that their genes diverged from the average human gene only 4 percent of the evolutionary time separating humans and chimpanzees .
The research teams assumed that humans and chimpanzees are separated by 13 million years of evolution -- this includes the time on both the human and chimpanzee lineages since their common ancestor , assumed to be 6.5 million years ago .
These dates and genetic differences produce an estimate of around 520,000 years ago for human - Neandertal genetic divergences .
In the long run , it should be possible to sequence the genome with multiple coverage , which would allow damage to be resolved .
With many copies , the damage to any individual DNA sequence will be unique , while changes that are evident in multiple copies must probably be real .
But we are quite a ways from the long run , so for the time being we have to deal with DNA damage .
For individual genes , it may be possible to reason exactly what effects changes would have and thereby arrive at a conclusion about which changes are diagenetic .
For instance , only a minority of such changes will affect coding regions , and some of those will be synonymous changes , so only a small proportion will make amino acid changes , and if there are only a couple of these per gene the resulting protein structure may be able to be analyzed .
So from a functional perspective , it should be possible to work with damaged sequence .
The main problem is from the statistical perspective ( i.e. , assuming neutrality ) , and here I think the teams have taken a very reasonable approach by just throwing the changes out .
Will they really be able to sequence the full Neandertal genome in two years ?
I got a lot of questions from journalists on this point .
I really see no reason to doubt it -- they know their average sequence yield from a given amount of extract , and the proportion of that yield that is actually Neandertal DNA .
The main caveat is a statistical one : 3 billion base pairs of sequence is -- on average -- one full coverage of the genome , but in practice some loci will be sequenced many times , while a fairly large proportion ( a bit over 30 percent ) wo n't be sequenced at all .
A billion missing bases may not seem like a big deal , but there is a catch : the short average fragment size means that the missing patches will be distributed throughout every gene .
Since the average gene covers a region of a few kilobases , complete gene sequences will be pretty rare -- most will have gaps in them amounting to around 30 percent of their length .
Or to put it another way , a bit more than 30 percent of informative SNPs in humans will not be represented in the first Neandertal genome draft .
A second issue is that the genome of Vindija 80 is not haploid -- there are two copies of most everything in that bone .
Some of these copies were polymorphisms in Neandertals , and if these are reconstructed into a single sequence , there will be mixed - up haplotypes .
This means that it will be difficult , if not impossible , to assess whether there were functional multi-SNP differences between the human and Neandertal sequences of particular genes .
Anyway , that 's probably getting beyond ourselves .
No doubt somebody will think of some way to improve these problems ; and it will eventually become cheap enough to do 10 x coverage instead of 1x coverage .
They 're already making plans to clone Neandertal super - soldiers , are n't they ?
Maybe unsurprisingly , this question about Neandertal cloning is the one most journalists so far have wanted to ask me .
I 'm sure they 're asking everybody , hoping that somebody will slip a really pithy quote for them .
Since I have clones here at home , I can't bring myself to get to worked up about it .
A Neandertal clone army would definitely be an improvement over a Neandertal Jar - Jar .
Personally , I have another problematic scenario in mind , which I am developing elsewhere .
References :
Green RE , Krause J , Ptak SE , Briggs AW , Ronan MT , Simons JF , Du L , Egholm M , Rothberg JM , Paunovic M , Pääbo S. 2006 .
Analysis of one million base pairs of Neanderthal DNA .
Nature 444:330-336 . DOI link
Lambert DM , Millar CD . 2006 .
Evolutionary biology : Ancient genomics is born .
Nature 444:275-276 . DOI link
Margulies M and 55 others .
2005 .
Genomie sequencing in microfabricated high - density picolitre containers .
Nature 437:376-380. DOI link
Noonan JP , Coop G , Kudaravalli S , Smith D , Krause J , Alessi J , Chen F , Platt D , Pääbo S , Pritchard JK , Rubin EM . 2006 .
Sequencing and analysis of Neanderthal genomic DNA .
Science 314:1113-1118 . DOI link
Pennisi E. 2006 .
The dawn of stone age genomics .
Science 314:1068-1071 .
Römpler H and 8 others .
2006 .
Nuclear gene indicates coat - color polymorphism in mammoths .
DOI link
Ronaghi M. 2001 .
Pyrosequencing sheds light on DNA sequencing .
Genome Res 11:3 - 11 .
Abstract
Schloss PD , Handelsman J. 2003 .
Biotechnological prospects from metagenomics .
Current Opinion in Biotechnology 14:303-310 .
Friday , June 8 , 2007
YouTube Partially Takes Back Interface Changes
A mere day after Google - owned YouTube rolled out the changes to their interface , they ’re retracting one of the changes which received heavy criticism , as the gSpy blog notes : whenever you hovered over parts of the video , still thumbnails of related videos would overlay onto the video ( and they would n’t disappear for some seconds ) .
To quote from some of the negative comments that appeared on YouTube :
“ Not very nice , very irritating , sorry . ”
“ This is horrible , really ruins my blog ”
“ Yuck !!!
This new feature sucks !
Hella distracting like everyone said ! ”
“ PLEASE take this feature OFF !!!!!!
very annoying and distracting !!!!
i HATE it . ”
YouTube has now changed it so that the related videos , as well as some other features , only appear when you click the “ menu ” button in the bottom left ( have a look at some sample videos to see this in action ) .
This actually works quite well , and while you got to wonder why YouTube rolled out the old thumbnails behavior in the first place – it was quite obvious that thumbnails could be triggered accidentally , and surprises are the enemy of usability – it ’s good to see YouTube listen to feedback .
[ Thanks Keith Chan of gSpy ! ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
He started out as a gifted improv comic at Toronto 's Second City .
From there , Tony Rosato took his zany writing and performing style to the small screen , winning fame on SCTV and later on Saturday Night Live .
His off - the - wall characters ranged from fictional TV chef Marcello Sebastiano to Lou Costello , Captain Kangaroo and Yasser Arafat .
Industry buzz pegged him as the next John Belushi .
Rosato went on to perform in a variety of TV shows and movies .
In 1989 he was nominated for the best - supporting - actor Gemini for his role as police informant Whitey in Night Heat .
Then suddenly , two years ago , Rosato disappeared .
Since then , the actor has been behind bars , with no trial , at the maximum - security Quinte Detention Centre in Napanee , 30 kilometres west of Kingston , on charges of criminally harassing his wife during their marriage .
It 's alleged that his " reckless " behaviour led his spouse , Leah , with whom he has a now - 2 - year - old daughter , to be afraid for her own safety or others ' .
According to his Toronto lawyer , Daniel Brodsky , Rosato was arrested after repeatedly complaining to police that , in a scenario reminiscent of the film Invasion of the Body Snatchers , the actor 's wife and their infant daughter had gone missing , having been replaced by imposters .
The Italian - born , Toronto - based actor , now 53 , has had a bail hearing and a preliminary inquiry .
Both of them are subject to publication bans .
Arraignment documents show Rosato was denied bail almost three months after his arrest , after undergoing a mental fitness assessment .
He has never had a bail review , and his trial ( by judge alone ) is n't scheduled until Nov. 13 .
Rosato steadfastly maintains that he is sane , and innocent .
" I 'm not pleading guilty – I 'm fighting injustice " has been his mantra in phone calls with show business friends .
" The situation is unbelievable , " says Brodsky , who notes his client does n't have a criminal record and has never threatened to hurt anyone .
" It 's shocking . "
Rosato 's situation raises troubling questions .
Why must he wait so long for a trial ?
And if he is suffering from mental illness , why is n't he in a hospital room instead of a jail cell ?
" On the date of his trial Tony Rosato will have spent more time in custody on a harassment charge than any other convicted prisoner in Canada has ever spent on the same charges , " says Brodsky , who took on Rosato 's case in March .
" On average , someone convicted of criminal harassment spends one day in jail and two years on probation . "
On the first day of Rosato 's trial , Brodsky – a founding member of the Association in Defence of the Wrongly Convicted – plans to apply to have the case dismissed because of unreasonable delay and abuse of process in failing to get Rosato into a hospital .
Brodsky explains that the Crown 's expert prison psychiatrist , Dr. Duncan Scott , has told him and the Crown " that Tony Rosato is certifiable . "
Scott 's diagnosis , says Brodsky , is a mental illness called Capgras syndrome .
Named for its discoverer , French psychiatrist Jean Marie Joseph Capgras , the syndrome is characterized by the delusion that a person or people have been replaced by doubles or impostors .
The rare condition is most commonly associated with schizophrenia , but according to Dr. Graham Glancy , a forensic psychiatrist with Metro West Detention Centre and Maplehurst Correctional Complex , it can also be caused by metabolic diseases , delirium , brain injury or drugs such as cocaine .
Kingston assistant Crown attorney Priscilla Christie has declined to talk about Rosato and referred questions to the Ministry of the Attorney General .
It 's a " complex " case , says ministry spokesperson Brendan Crawley .
Rosato , he continues , is viewed by the Crown as " an allegedly dangerous person with mental health issues who has been charged with a crime . "
But if the Crown sees Rosato as mentally ill , then why has he been languishing in jail for two years instead of being moved to a hospital ?
" People who the Crown believes have mental disorders deserve much better , " says Brodsky , a director of the Mental Health Legal Committee who has fought the criminalization of the mentally ill .
But Crawley says " the Criminal Code provides for a limited number of circumstances in which the court can order an accused person transferred from custody to a psychiatric facility . "
And , he continues , the Crown has taken " every available step to ensure the fair treatment and placement of the accused , including taking steps to facilitate the transfer of the accused to a psychiatric hospital if possible . "
However , lawyer Anita Szigeti , former chair of the Mental Health Legal Committee , contends that the Crown could instead have hospitalized him under civil legislation .
" Criminal lawyers and Crowns in the traditional system are often unaware of the varied mechanisms under the Mental Health
Act that can be employed for the hospitalization of individuals with mental health problems ... including people in jail , " says Szigeti , co-author of A Guide to Consent and Capacity Law in Ontario , a book focusing on mental health and the law .
Meanwhile , Crawley says the trial has been delayed " to accommodate Rosato 's change of counsel . "
In fact , Rosato did go through six lawyers – he fired some and others quit – before hiring Brodsky .
Crawley also observes that none of Rosato 's lawyers has requested a bail review , so that their client might wait for trial as a free man .
Once he receives all the required documentation , Brodsky intends to apply for a bail review for Rosato .
If his client is released on bail , says Brodsky , " he will walk out the front door of the jail into the waiting arms of hospital psychiatric staff , where he 'll be detained until trial . "
Also puzzling to some in the legal profession is why Rosato 's case is being heard not in provincial court , where virtually all harassment cases are heard , but in Superior Court , where only the most serious cases go .
" It takes six to eight months longer , not including the trial , " says Brodsky , " and it costs at least three times more . "
" I do n't think I 've ever known a criminal harassment case to be tried in Superior Court , " says Felicity Hawthorn , an assistant Crown attorney in Lindsay , Ont. , and one of Rosato 's former lawyers who represented him at his preliminary inquiry last year and has since moved to the Crown 's office .
" It 's very odd ... " Rosato 's friends in show business are appalled at the actor 's situation .
" It 's a travesty , " says Andrew Alexander , the Chicago - based owner and CEO of Second City and producer of SCTV , who hired Rosato for stage and TV back in the late 1970s .
" It 's quite extraordinary that in the system he is just falling through the cracks ...
Where he is now legally is obviously terrible . "
Even Rosato's estranged wife , who says she was and is afraid of him , told the Star she 's " shocked that it ( Rosato 's case ) has taken this long ...
I want him to get mental help ... in a psychiatric hospital . "
osato 's legal woes began after his wife left him on Jan. 17 , 2005 , fleeing their Broadview Ave. apartment with their daughter , who was born the previous September , and eventually returning to her hometown of Kingston .
" She left him a note , " says Tony 's devoted mother , 77 - year - old Maria Rosato .
" Tony phoned me crying and sobbing .
He thought maybe she 'd been kidnapped . "
But Leah Rosato told the Star that she had fled their home out of fear .
" I thought he was dangerous – that 's why I left him , " she says softly .
A couple of weeks after she left , on Feb.
3 , 2005 , Leah was granted an emergency motion for sole custody of their baby .
An only child , Tony had immigrated to Canada from Naples with his parents when he was 4 ( his father subsequently returned to Italy for medical reasons ) .
First , the family lived in Halifax , then Ottawa , and finally in Toronto , where he completed Grade 13 at Oakwood Collegiate and later studied sciences at the Scarborough campus of University of Toronto .
( As a young man he also worked part - time at the Star as a classified ad taker . )
At one point , recalls his mother , her son aspired to become a chiropractor .
But he dropped out of university before graduating , having caught the acting bug after a night out at Second City .
He 'd later perform onstage there , and on television with SCTV and Saturday Night Live .
After Rosato's SNL stint ( 1981 - 82 ) , he divided his time between Toronto and Los Angeles , until settling here four years ago .
He met his wife to be , Leah Murray , who is 22 years his junior , in a Danforth Ave. coffee shop when she was visiting from Kingston .
Leah , now 31 , told the Star in an interview that she fell " deeply in love with him . "
After a whirlwind , three - month courtship straddling Toronto and the eastern Ontario city , they got married at Toronto City Hall on New Year 's Eve , 2003 .
Friends say they found their witnesses outside , at the public skating rink .
According to the actor 's widowed mother , Leah wanted to get into acting , and her son was on board to try and make that happen in L.A .
After the marriage , the couple kept their separate residences in Toronto and Kingston .
According to friend Adrian Truss , an actor ( the troupe Illustrated Men ) and writer , Tony was short of cash and was living with his mother .
The couple spent weekends together .
Leah was studying Catholicism at her husband 's request .
Just before their baby 's birth , in September 2004 , Leah moved into a Broadview Ave. apartment with Tony .
The actor 's friends say he behaved strangely once he and Leah were living together .
Tony would n't allow anyone to come to their apartment .
He made Leah give out a post - office - box address .
Family and friends were told not to call ; he would call them .
Tony told friends he was connected to higher energies and had " information to save the planet , " says his long - time friend Derek McGrath , who plays Rev. Magee in Little Mosque on the Prairie .
Rosato believes he is " the guardian of light , " adds McGrath , who worked with Rosato at Second City and has supported the beleaguered actor through his legal travails , attending most of his court appearances with Tony 's cousin Lena DeCaria , a Mississauga banker .
A letter Rosato wrote from jail on June 5 , 2005 , a month after his arrest , gives his version of what happened after the departure of Leah and the baby .
It documents what he perceived as evidence that he was the victim of a " fraudulent hoax " – that his wife and daughter had been replaced by doubles .
The CD wedding photos Leah left behind , Rosato wrote , proved the woman in the pictures was not his real wife but a " twin . "
His real wife had obviously been replaced by a duplicate who was " dressed identically " to his wife .
Rosato wrote that he went to Toronto and then Kingston police to tell them that his wife had been switched with an imposter .
Kingston Det. Const .
Jeff Smith told him to stay away from Leah .
Rosato's letter indicated that he visited Kingston police again after supervised visits with his baby in March and April 2005 .
The first visit led him to complain in the letter that his daughter was " clearly suffering from emotional and physical abuse , " while during the second , he protested , he was presented with the wrong baby .
As evidence , he brought police a photo of a " wife look alike " and of the baby from the second visit .
The letter also indicates that , in desperation to find his wife , Rosato went on Citytv's Speaker 's Corner and consulted with Toronto " spiritual channeler " David Watson .
Over the years , say Rosato 's friends , he frequently sought out spiritual and native healers .
Contacted by the Star , Watson recalls that in spring 2005 , Rosato came to him for help .
Watson says he found Rosato's " energies " during this consultation " far too disruptive , " and refused to work with him again .
Rosato's letter details a series of phone calls with Det. Const .
Smith , who asked him to go to Kingston " to discuss the case . "
Arriving at the police station there , he was arrested and charged with public mischief and harassment , " supposedly for dragging the police force into looking for my wife . "
Brodsky says those charges were eventually dropped , and instead Rosato was charged with criminally harassing his wife .
Once in jail , Rosato phoned his mother and asked her to go to his apartment to feed his two cats , Feather and Krishna , she told the Star .
She has kept them with her since her son's arrest .
person with mental illness who gets arrested is often caught in a Catch - 22 .
" If you 're mentally ill in jail you 're likely to spend on average three times as long on remand and in some cases obviously it can go on longer and longer , " says prison psychiatrist Glancy .
" You have to have assessments to see if you 're fit to stand trial .
People do n't know where to put you afterwards .
Mental hospitals wo n't readily take you ... so you get stuck in the system . "
Making things worse , says Glancy , is the fact that accused persons who suffer from mental illness are " often difficult clients for lawyers , so they fire the lawyers .
They represent themselves , and the whole thing gets to be a mess . "
He says jail is no place for someone with Capgras who gets in trouble with the law but is n't violent .
Such a person " should certainly be moved along to a mental hospital . "
Glancy , who has treated patients with Capgras syndrome , says that " most cases would not be violent , but some would , " depending on individual risk factors .
Drug abuse , he says , would increase the " potential violence . "
Rosato at one time admitted to being into hard drugs , says his friend Truss .
But Rosato told him he'd managed to kick the habit after leaving SNL , adds Truss , who met Rosato more than 20 years ago when the two were doing comedy auditions around the city .
osato 's friends and colleagues in the entertainment industry want to know why he 's been in jail so long , and why he is n't in a hospital close to Toronto , where he'd be close to his family and friends .
" Ca n't Canada do something for this troubled man , " wonders screenwriter / actor Tim Kazurinsky , who was on Saturday Night Live with Rosato , and who co-wrote the movie About Last Night .
" Down here ( in the U.S ) people think , `Canada : socialized medicine – they really care . '
I just thought that the Canadian system would be more understanding , particularly to one of Canada 's own who was a wonderful actor , wonderful performer who did Canada proud . "
He remembers Rosato as an enthusiastic performer and a loyal friend .
Rosato once refused to do a sketch on Saturday Night Live that slammed the Blues Brothers ( John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd ) , the same night that Belushi was to host , Kazurinsky recalls .
" He was a very giving and sharing performer and person ... a moveable feast of a man . "
Comedian Andrea Martin , who worked with Rosato at Second City and on SCTV ( where her characters included station manager Edith Prickley ) , found him " charming and funny and kind and full of comedic energy , " she wrote to the Star in an email from L.A .
" It sickens me that Tony 's been lost in the judicial system ... "
Back in the late 1970s and early ' 80s , Rosato was a hot property , says Second City 's Andrew Alexander .
" He had a lot of early success .
It happened pretty rapidly for him ...
Tony had a real presence about him .
" There was a lot of chatter about him becoming the new John Belushi . "
In 1981 Rosato was picked up by Saturday Night Live , but he was fired after two seasons , at a time when the show was going through turmoil .
Comedian Mary Gross told the Star that she protested Rosato 's firing to management , because she found Rosato " sweet , very sensitive , very talented . "
She says she still uses a SNL clip of their parody of Mary Tyler Moore , with her as Mary Richards opposite Rosato 's Lou Grant , when interviewing for new jobs .
Rosato went on to appear in numerous TV productions for seven years , including two Canadian series : Night Heat , where he played a police informer for five years , and Diamonds , where he had a two - year gig as a detective .
Reached in his New York office , Sonny Grosso , executive producer of both series , said he considered Rosato " a genius . "
Rosato was one of two people he would allow to change the dialogue in a script .
" Tony was just marvellous ...
He always made it better ...
He took a scene and made it real ...
His facial attitudes , his body movements , he made you laugh .
" He was in the top echelons of actors in Canada . "
Rosato's close friends say his personality started changing in the '90s while he was living in Los Angeles .
That 's about the time Milton , Ont. - based screenwriter / actor Jeffrey Knight ( he played Dr. Sandor Winkler in Dan Aykroyd's Psi Factor ) , a long - time friend , saw " the seeds of Tony 's unravelling . "
Shortly after Rosato moved to back to Toronto four years ago , he phoned Knight in L.A. and begged him to find some crystals he'd left behind in his former Studio City apartment .
Rosato explained he needed the obelisk - shaped crystals " to build a spiritual computer ... based on the theory of quantum physics , " which could be a weapon for the CIA , he told Knight .
" There must have been 50 of them , easily weighing 100 pounds , " says Knight , who sent them to Canada .
While Rosato was still living in the United States , he suddenly became convinced his close friend , life coach Kit Wilkins , was " poisoning his mind , " Wilkins said from L.A .
So Rosato told him he had made 13 phone calls – to the FBI , the IRS and the CIA .
" He said if I did n't start getting out of his mind he'd turn me over to the authorities . "
At other times , recalls Wilkins , Rosato would " tell me , crying and sobbing , that he met with the devil and the devil was whispering horrible things to him and that Christ had appeared and talked to him . "
At one point , Wilkins and another friend showed up at Rosato 's apartment to try to get him on a plane to Canada , where they thought " medical service would be available . "
But Rosato believed it was a plot " to do him in " and would n't go with them .
He left the next day on his own , says Wilkins .
Grosso noticed a change in Rosato 's behaviour when the actor started phoning him after he appeared in the TV movie You Belong to Me ( out in 2002 ) .
" It was not Tony any more , " he says .
" Something else had a grip on him ...
People were following him ... they kidnapped his kid ... mystical nonsense . "
About three years ago , while doing some promotions for an SCTV DVD , Alexander , too , " noticed something a little different " about Rosato .
But Rosato had work right up until he was jailed , on an animated series called Get Ed .
The producer even held the part for him for two months , says Rosato 's agent , Larry Goldhar of The Characters Talent Agency .
Both Goldhar and Fred Levy , Rosato 's accountant , have established Rosato hot lines in their offices so he can phone from jail whenever he wants .
Although McGrath , Knight and Truss , Rosato 's closest friends , see Rosato as troubled , they also regard him as highly talented and a man of principle .
Rosato always had " this thing about how society has a responsibility to look after its clowns , " Knight says .
He was troubled by deaths of actors John Candy and John Belushi and felt they were n't looked after .
In the letter from his cell , Rosato wrote , " Please , I beg of you , look into this before I become like Jessica Lange , in Frances , " referring to the film made about actress Frances Farmer , who was placed in a psychiatric institution after assaulting her hairdresser .
His friends tell him not to give up hope , and say his ordeal would make a great screenplay .
In fact , Rosato has told Brodsky : " I 'm already working on it .
It 's a docudrama .
But I have to tone it down .
No one will believe it . "
In tonight 's Special Comment , Keith took Condi to task for making the following ridiculous and historically inaccurate analogy on FOX News Sunday yesterday :
" … It would be like saying that after Adolf Hitler was overthrown , we needed to change then , the resolution that allowed the United States to do that , so that we could deal with creating a stable environment in Europe after he was overthrown . "
Download Download
For the sake of posterity , here 's the clip of Condi from FNS :
Download Download
Transcripts below the fold ...
Finally , as promised , a Special Comment on the remarks yesterday by Secretary of State Rice .
We already know about her suggestion that the President could just ignore whatever Congressional Democrats do about Iraq .
Just ignore Congress .
We know how that game always turns out .
Ask President Nixon .
Ask President Andrew Johnson .
Or ask Vice President Cheney , who utterly contradicted Secretary Rice today , when he warned Mr. Musharraf of Pakistan about what those mean Congressional Democrats could do to his foreign aid .
All of this , par for the course .
But about what the Secretary said regarding the prospect of Congress , revising or repealing the 2002 authorization of the war in Iraq :
Here we go again !
From springs spent trying to link Saddam Hussein to 9/11 , to summers of cynically manipulated intelligence through autumns of false patriotism , to winters of war , we have had more than four years of every cheap trick and every degree of calculated cynicism from this Administration , filled with three - card monte players .
But the longer Dr. Rice and these other pickpockets of a nation 's goodness have walked among us , waving flags and slandering opponents and making true enemies -- foreign and domestic -- all hat and no cattle all the while , the overriding truth of their occupancy of our highest offices of state , has only gradually become clear .
As they asked in that Avis Commercial : " Ever get the feeling some people just stopped trying ? "
Secretary Rumsfeld thought he could equate those who doubted him , with Nazi appeasers , without reminding anybody that the actual , historical Nazi appeasers in this country in the 1930's , were the Republicans .
Vice President
Cheney thought he could talk as if he and he alone knew the ' truth ' about Iraq and 9/11 , without anyone ever noticing that even the rest of the Administration officially disagreed with him .
But Secretary of State Rice may have now taken the cake .
On the Sunday Morning Interview Show of Broken - Record on Fox , Dr. Rice spoke a paragraph , which if it had been included in a remedial history paper at the weakest high school in the nation , would 've gotten the writer an " F " - maybe an expulsion .
If Congress were now to revise the Iraq authorization , she said , out loud , with an adult present , " ... It would be like saying that after Adolf Hitler was overthrown , we needed to change then , the resolution that allowed the United States to do that , so that we could deal with creating a stable environment in Europe after he was overthrown . "
The Secretary 's resume reads that she has a Masters ' Degree and a Ph.D in Political Science .
The interviewer should have demanded to see them , on the spot .
Dr. Rice spoke 42 words .
She may have made more mistakes in them , than did the President in his State of the Union Address in 2003 .
There is , obviously , no mistaking Saddam Hussein for a human being .
But nor is there any mistaking him for Adolf Hitler .
Invoking the German dictator who subjugated Europe ; who tried to exterminate the Jews ; who sought to overtake the world -- is not just in the poorest of taste but in its hyperbole , it insults not merely the victims of the Third Reich , but those in this country who fought it .
And defeated it .
Saddam Hussein was not Adolf Hitler .
And George W. Bush is not Franklin D. Roosevelt -- nor Dwight D. Eisenhower .
He is n't even George H.W. Bush , who fought in that war .
However , even through the clouds of deliberately - spread fear , and even under the weight of a thousand exaggerations of the five years past , one can just barely make out how a battle against international terrorism in 2007 could be compared -- by some -- to the Second World War .
The analogy is weak , and it instantly begs the question of why those of " The Greatest Generation " focused on Hitler and Hirohito but our leaders seem to have ignored their vague parallels of today to instead concentrate on the Mussolinis of modern terrorism .
But in some , small , " you did n't fail , Junior , but you may need to go to summer school " kind of way , you can just make out that comparison .
But Secretary Rice , overthrowing Saddam Hussein was akin to overthrowing Adolf Hitler ?
Are you kidding ?
Did you want to provoke the world 's laughter ?
And , please , Madame Secretary , if you are going to make that most implausible , subjective , dubious , ridiculous comparison ...
If you want to be as far off the mark about the Second World War as , say , the pathetic Holocaust - denier from Iran , Ahmadinejad ...
At least get the easily verifiable facts right -- the facts whose home through history lie in your own department .
" The resolution that allowed the United States to " overthrow Hitler ?
On the 11th of December , 1941 , at 8 o'clock in the morning , two of Hitler 's diplomats walked up to the State Department -- your office , Secretary Rice -- and ninety minutes later they were handing a declaration of war to the Chief of the Department 's European Division .
The Japanese had bombed Pearl Harbor four days earlier and the Germans simply piled on .
Your predecessors , Dr. Rice , did n't spend a year making up phony evidence and mistaking German balloon - inflating trucks for mobile germ warfare labs .
They did n't pretend the world was ending because a tin - pot tyrant could n't hand over the chemical weapons , it turned out he 'd destroyed a decade earlier .
The Germans walked up to the front door of our State Department and said " we 're at war . "
It was in all the papers !
And when that war ended , more than three horrible years later , our troops , and the Russians , were in Berlin .
And we stayed , as an occupying force , well in the 1950's .
As an occupying force , Madam Secretary !
If you want to compare what we did to Hitler and in Germany , to what we did to Saddam and in Iraq , I 'm afraid you 're going to have to buy the whole analogy .
We were an occupying force in Germany , Dr. Rice , and by your logic , we 're now an occupying force in Iraq .
And if that 's the way you see it , you damn well better come out and tell the American people so .
( Save your breath telling it to the Iraqis -- most of them already buy that part of the comparison ) .
" It would be like saying that after Adolf Hitler was overthrown , we needed to change then , the resolution that allowed the United States to do that , so that we could deal with creating a stable environment in Europe after he was overthrown . "
We already have a subjectively false comparison between Hitler and Saddam .
We already have a historically false comparison between Germany and Iraq .
We already have blissful ignorance by our Secretary of State about how this country got into the war against Hitler .
But then there 's this part about changing " the resolution " about Iraq , that it would be as ridiculous in the Secretary 's eyes , as saying that after Hitler was defeated , we needed to go back to Congress to " deal with creating a stable environment in Europe after he was overthrown . "
Oh , good grief , Secretary Rice , that 's exactly what we did do !
We went back to Congress to deal with creating a stable environment in Europe after Hitler was overthrown !
It was called the Marshall Plan .
Marshall !
General George Catlett Marshall !
Secretary of State !
The job you have now !
C'mon !
Twelve billion , 400 thousand dollars to stabilize all of Europe economically -- to keep the next enemies of freedom , the Russians , out , and democracy , in !
And how do you suppose that happened ?
The President of the United States went back to Congress , and asked it for a new authorization , and for the money .
And do you have any idea , Madame Secretary , who opposed him when he did that ?
The Republicans !
' We 've spent enough money in Europe , ' said Senator Taft of Ohio .
' We 've spent enough of our resources , ' said former President Hoover .
It 's time to pull out of there !
As they stand up , we 'll stand down !
This administration has long thought otherwise , but you can't cherry - pick life -- whether life in 2007 , or life in the history page marked 1945 .
You can't keep the facts that fit your prejudices , and throw out the ones that destroy your theories .
And if you 're going to try to do that ; if you still want to fool some people into thinking that Saddam was Hitler , and once we gave FDR that blank check in Germany he was no longer subject to the laws of Congress or gravity or physics , at least , stop humiliating us .
Get your facts straight .
Use ..... the Google !
You 've been on Fox News Sunday , Secretary Rice .
That network has got another show premiering tomorrow night .
You could go on that one , too .
It might be a better fit .
It 's called " Are You Smarter Than A Fifth Grader ? "
Francis
Wheen is a journalist and author of several books , including a highly acclaimed biography of Karl Marx .
His collected journalism , Hoo -Hahs and Passing Frenzies , won the George Orwell prize in 2003 .
Francis
Wheen 's new book , How Mumbo - Jumbo Conquered the World : A Short History of Modern Delusions , is published by Fourth Estate .
1 . " God is on our side "
George W Bush thinks so , as do Tony Blair and Osama bin Laden and an alarmingly high percentage of other important figures in today 's world .
After September 11 2001
Blair claimed that religion was the solution not the problem , since " Jews , Muslims and Christians are all children of Abraham " - unaware that the example of Abraham was also cited by Mohammed Atta , hijacker of the one of the planes that shattered the New York skyline .
RH
Tawney wrote in Religion and the Rise of Capitalism that " modern social theory , like modern political theory , developed only when society was given a naturalistic instead of a religious explanation " .
In which case modern social and political theory would now seem to be dead .
2 . The market is rational
Financial sophisticates in the 21st century smile at the madness of the South Sea Bubble or the absurdity of the Dutch tulip craze .
Yet only a few years ago they scrambled and jostled to buy shares in dotcom companies which had no earnings at all nor any prospect of ever turning a profit .
To justify this apparent insanity , they maintained that such a revolutionary business as the internet required a new business model in which balance sheets were irrelevant .
In short , they thought they had repealed the laws of financial gravity - until they came crashing down to earth .
3 . There is no such thing as reality
Hence the inverted commas which postmodernists invariably place round the word .
They see everything from history to quantum physics as a text , subject to the " infinite play of signification " .
But if all notions of truth and falsity cease to have any validity , how can one combat bogus ideas - or indeed outright lies ?
There is , for instance , a mass of carefully empirical research on the Nazi extermination of the Jews .
As Professor Richard Evans points out , " To regard it as fictional , unreal or no nearer to historical reality than , say , the work of the ' revisionists ' who deny that Auschwitz ever happened at all , is simply wrong .
Here is an issue where evidence really counts , and can be used to establish the essential facts .
Auschwitz was not a discourse . "
4 . We must n't be " judgmental "
In 2002 the Guardian revealed that Christian fundamentalists had taken control of a state - funded school in Gateshead and were striving to " show the superiority " of creationist beliefs in their classes .
When Jenny Tonge MP asked Tony Blair if he was happy that the Book of Genesis was now being promoted as the most reliable biology textbook , he replied : " Yes. . .
In the end a more diverse school system will deliver better results for our children . "
This is the enfeebling consequence of unthinking cultural and intellectual relativism .
If some schools start teaching that the moon is made of Swiss cheese or that the stars are God 's daisy chain , no doubt that too will be officially welcomed as a healthy sign of educational diversity .
5. Laissez - faire capitalism is the prerequisite for trade and prosperity
The International Monetary Fund may say so , as it imposes Thatcher - style solutions all over the world , but its own figures tell a different story .
Its report on The World Economy in the 20th Century " , published in 2000 , includes a graph - printed very small , perhaps in the hope that no one would notice - which shows that the pre-Thatcherite period between 1950 and 1973 was by far the most successful of the century .
This was an era characterised by capital controls , fixed exchange rates , strong trade unions , a large public sector and a general acceptance of government 's role in demand management .
The average annual growth in " per capita real GDP " throughout the world was 2.9 % - precisely twice as high as the average rate in the two decades since then .
6. Astrology and similar delusions are " harmless fun "
Those who say this never explain what is either funny or harmless in promoting a con-trick which preys on ignorance and anxiety .
Yet even the Observer , Britain 's most venerable and enlightened Sunday newspaper , now has a horoscope page .
7 . Thin air is solid
Charles Leadbeater 's book Living on Thin Air ( 1999 ) , a starry - eyed guide to the " weightless economy " , was described by Peter Mandelson as " a blueprint for what a radical modernising project will entail in years to come " .
The dustjacket also carried a tribute from Tony Blair , hailing Leadbeater as " an extraordinarily interesting thinker " whose book " raises criticial questions for Britain 's future " .
Three years later , after the pricking of the dotcom bubble , industry secretary Patricia Hewitt admitted that " industrial policy in [ Labour 's ] first term of office was mistaken , placing too much emphasis on the dotcom economy at the expense of Britain 's manufacturing base ... The idea of Living on Thin Air was so much hot air . "
Tactfully , she forgot to mention that the chief hot - air salesman had been her own leader .
8. Sentimental hysteria is a sign of emotional maturity
The psychotherapist Susie Orbach interpreted the ' floral revolution ' outside Kensington Palace after Princess Diana 's death as proof that we were " growing up as a nation " .
Will Hutton , radical social democrat and republican , said that the collective genuflection before a dead aristocrat showed that the British were " freeing ourselves from the reins of the past " .
The assumption is that emotional populism represents a new kind of collective politics .
In fact , it is nothing more than narcissism in disguise .
9 . America 's economic success is entirely due to private enterprise
In the 19th century , the American government promoted the formation of a national economy , the building of railroads and the development of the telegraph .
More recently , the internet was created by the Pentagon .
American agriculture is heavily subsidised and protected , as are the steel industry and many other sectors of the world 's biggest " free - market economy " .
At times of economic slowdown , even under presidents who denigrate the role of government , the US will increase its deficit to finance expansionary fiscal and monetary policies .
But its leaders get very cross indeed if any developing country tries to follow this example .
10 . " It could be you . . . "
This was the advertising slogan for the National Lottery , that monument to imbecility , which was introduced ( fittingly enough ) by John Major .
And millions of British adults apparently believed it , even though the odds on winning the jackpot are 13 m to one .
It could be you .
. . but it bloody well wo n't be .
It is already the world 's biggest country , spanning 11 time zones and stretching from Europe to the far east .
But yesterday Russia signalled its intention to get even bigger by announcing an audacious plan to annex a vast 460,000 square mile chunk of the frozen and ice - encrusted Arctic .
According to Russian scientists , there is new evidence backing Russia 's claim that its northern Arctic region is directly linked to the North Pole via an underwater shelf .
Under international law , no country owns the North Pole .
Instead , the five surrounding Arctic states , Russia , the US , Canada , Norway and Denmark ( via Greenland ) , are limited to a 200 - mile economic zone around their coasts .
On Monday , however , a group of Russian geologists returned from a six - week voyage on a nuclear icebreaker .
They had travelled to the Lomonosov ridge , an underwater shelf in Russia 's remote and inhospitable eastern Arctic Ocean .
According to Russia 's media , the geologists returned with the " sensational news " that the Lomonosov ridge was linked to Russian Federation territory , boosting Russia 's claim over the oil - and - gas rich triangle .
The territory contained 10bn tonnes of gas and oil deposits , the scientists said .
Russia 's Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper celebrated the discovery by printing a large map of the North Pole .
It showed the new " addition " to Russia - the size of France , Germany and Italy combined - under a white , blue and red Russian flag .
Yesterday , however , some scientists doubted whether Russia 's latest Arctic grab stood up to scrutiny .
To extend a zone , a state has to prove that the structure of the continental shelf is similar to the geological structure within its territory .
Under the current UN convention on the laws of the sea , no country 's shelf extends to the North Pole .
Instead , the International Seabed Authority administers the area around the pole as an international area .
" Frankly I think it 's a little bit strange , " Sergey Priamikov , the international co-operation director of Russia 's Arctic and Antarctic Research Institute in St Petersburg , told the Guardian .
" Canada could make exactly the same claim .
The Canadians could say that the Lomonosov ridge is part of the Canadian shelf , which means Russia should in fact belong to Canada , together with the whole of Eurasia . "
Mr Priamikov said the area was one of breathtaking natural beauty .
It was much drier , colder and quieter than the western Arctic , he added .
" I 've been there many times .
It 's an oasis for marine life , " he said .
Asked whether it would be feasible to drill for oil , he said : " Yes " .
The shelf was 200 metres deep and oil and gas would be easy to extract , especially with ice melting because of global warming , he said .
Russia has the world 's largest gas reserves .
It is the second largest exporter of oil after Saudi Arabia .
The Kremlin is keen to secure Russia 's long - term hegemony over global energy markets , and to find new sources of fuel .
Russia first made a submission in 2001 to the UN commission on the limits of the continental shelf , seeking to push Russia 's maritime borders beyond the existing 200 - mile zone .
It was rejected .
But the latest scientific findings are likely to prompt Russia to lodge another confident bid - and will alarm the US , which is mired in a 13 - year debate over ratification of a UN treaty governing international maritime rights .
The Law of the Sea Treaty is the world 's primary means of settling disputes over exploitation rights and navigational routes in international waters .
Russia and 152 other countries have ratified it .
But the US has refused , arguing it gives too much power to the UN .
If the US does not ratify it , Russia 's bid for the Arctic 's energy wealth will go unchallenged , proponents believe .
In the fight against dirty mice , one can never be too vigilant -- as anyone who has ever spent time carefully cleaning and drying their beloved input device will tell you -- but now there is an easier way .
Like the IOGEAR anti-germ mouse we told you about , Belkin is getting into the cleanliness game with its washable mouse , a water - resistant , USB device that you can unplug and wash in your sink ( or anywhere else you 've got water ) , which should come as welcome relief to neat freaks everywhere .
Of course , once you 've got that thing cleaned up , you 'll need something to carry it around in , so Belkin made the Mouse Trap , a mouse pad which zips up , allowing you to take your squeaky - clean peripherals on business trips .
The washable mouse hits the streets in August , while the Mouse Trap is available now .
Read --
Belkin washable mouse Read -- Belkin Mouse Trap
Ext .
Morning , Tuesday 5 June 2007 .
1 Infinite Loop , Cupertino .
A cab pulls in front a building .
Brushed Metal exits the cab , stands tall , and walks to the door .
He waves a badge at the door ’s identification sensor .
A red light flashes .
He tries the door .
It ’s locked .
He rubs the badge directly against the sensor .
Red again .
Brushed Metal : What the fuck ?
He shakes the door again , hard .
It is , of course , still locked .
He stands at the door , thinking .
He looks at the badge in his hand .
The badge is old and well - worn .
A sparkling dark gray Mercedes - Benz S600 pulls in front of the building .
From the back seat , the Unnamed Dark Gray Interface Theme From iLife ’06 opens the door and gets out .
Two very attractive young women remain in the back seat .
Smiles all around .
Dark Gray : I ’ll see you ladies at dinner .
The young women laugh and blow him kisses .
The car pulls away .
The Unnamed Theme turns to the door and recognizes Brushed Metal .
Dark Gray : Hey !
Wow .
Brushed Metal .
It is great to finally meet you .
Brushed Metal : —
Dark Gray : I was huge fan of yours when I was a kid .
You were my idol .
Big poster on my bedroom wall of you in the original iTunes on Mac OS 9 .
Brushed Theme : ( insincere )
Thanks .
Dark Gray :
It ’s great that you ’re here to see this .
It means a lot to me .
It ’s like the passing of the torch .
Brushed Metal :
What the fuck are you talking about ?
Dark Gray : ( exultant )
My gig for the system UI theme in Leopard .
Brushed Metal : No no no .
Dark Gray : Shit , you did n’t know ?
Brushed Metal :
The whole system ?
Dark Gray : Yeah man , everywhere .
All the window chrome is mine .
I just assumed you knew , man .
Brushed Metal :
They called me here …
Dark Gray : Wait until you see it upstairs .
The windows switching to my chrome ?
The least remarkable change in the UI .
The least !
Pause .
Brushed Metal : I could do scrollbar sliders , you know .
Those blue ones from Aqua are so gay .
Dark Gray : Metal scrollbar sliders ?
Brushed Metal :
Think about it .
It ’d be like the metal slider buttons on the iPod Shuffle .
Nothing says “ slide me ” like Brushed Metal .
Dark Gray : Yeah … you know , this stuff ’s sort of been set .
Brushed Metal :
Or all the buttons .
“ Click me , I ’m metal . ”
Yes , yes .
Imagine this : Close / minimize / zoom — green / yellow / red tinted Brushed Metal against your smooth background .
Beautiful !
Dark Gray :
That ’s certainly an idea .
The door opens from the inside .
A woman holding a clipboard holds the door open .
A large Security Agent , black pants , black t- shirt — sort of a Henry Rollins type — steps out .
Security Agent : ( to Brushed Metal )
You were supposed to be here two hours ago .
Brushed Metal : Fuck you .
Security Agent : The iPhone team is waiting to see you .
Brushed Metal : Really .
Security Agent : Yes .
Brushed Metal brightens .
Brushed Metal :
It ’s about time .
Cutting it close to the deadline , as always , eh ?
Dark Gray : Dude , excellent .
Congrats !
( Heads into the buiding with woman . )
Brushed Metal : Yeah .
Good luck , kid .
Woman With Clipboard :
You look great .
Love how you ’ve tweaked those corners .
Dark Gray :
Thanks !
The door closes .
Brushed Metal : Fucking fruitcake .
( Turns to security agent )
So where do I go ?
Security Agent : Different building .
I ’ll take you there .
Int. Elevator — Minutes later .
Brushed Metal : The basement ?
Security Agent : Yes .
Brushed Metal : Top secret stuff , huh ?
Security Agent : Yes .
The elevator opens .
The hallway is empty .
Brushed Metal : Looks like a basement .
Dark down here .
Security Agent : This way .
They start walking down the hall .
Brushed Metal takes a battered Razr cell phone out of his pocket and glances at the display .
The signal - strength meter shows zero bars .
They arrive at an unmarked steel door .
Brushed Metal :
This is n’t about the iPhone , is it ?
Security Agent : —
Brushed Metal : Oh , Jesus Christ .
This is sick .
Fucking sick .
The security agent waves a badge at the sensor next to the door .
A green light flashes .
The door unlocks with a loud CLANK .
Brushed Metal : Not in the face , OK ?
It ’s all I ’ve got .
Security Agent :
You wo n’t feel a thing .
The military is getting desperate .
Morale is at an all time low , enlistments are way down , casualties are way up , more U.S. soldiers have been killed in Iraq than people were killed in the September 11th attacks , and there is no end to the war in sight .
My daughter , a high school senior , was just sent in the mail a slick advertisement from the Army National Guard “ introducing up to 20,000 new reasons to join the National Guard . ”
Every one of them is a dollar bill .
In addition to the pictures of U.S. currency on the front of the envelope , there are pictures of six smiling Guard members on the back .
Inside is a reply card , some information on what the Guard has to offer , and a letter from a colonel who is the Guard ’s chief recruiter .
On the reply card is a redemption code to get a free iTunes music download and the promise of a free Army National Guard t- shirt and an American Soldier DVD .
Inside the envelope there is an information card about the National Guard ’s College First Enlistment Option :
Have the time and money to focus on college
Up to two years of non-deployment following completion of Initial Active Duty Training
Up to a $ 20,000 Enlistment Bonus
100 % Tuition Assistance
$ 20,000 Student Loan Repayment for Pre-existing Loans
Additional Educational Assistance of up to $ 350 per month
Sounds like an impressive package , but I afraid that I will have to say no , you ca n’t have my daughter .
Call me old - fashioned , call me traditional , call me chauvinistic , call me over - protective , call me misogynic , but the National Guard is no place for a young woman .
I will not waste my time saying that men and women are different and that women have no business being in any branch of the military , but I will say this .
I previously wrote about the fifty - four female American soldiers who have been killed in Iraq .
Nine of them were in the National Guard .
That number is now up to sixty , including a member of the National Guard , Sgt. Denise A. Lannaman , 46 , of Bayside , N.Y. , who died on October 1 from a non-combat related incident .
Of all the places for a young American woman to die , a battlefield in Iraq certainly should n’t be one of them .
In my previous article I said : “ What kind of military do we have that sends women to die overseas ?
What kind of society do we have that would accept a woman with children flying a military helicopter in Iraq or anywhere else ? ” I stand behind those two statements .
Women now comprise about 16 percent of the enlisted ranks and 19 percent of the officer corps , and those numbers are getting higher .
Another reason the National Guard can’t have my daughter is that the Guard is being used as cannon fodder .
The opening paragraphs of the letter from the Guard ’s chief recruiter say about the Guard :
For nearly 370 years , America has relied on its National Guard to defend our shores and serve our citizens in times of need .
In the wake of Hurricane Katrina , over 41,000 National Guard members from 42 states across America rushed to storm - ravaged areas to save lives , maintain law and order and support recovery efforts .
But is this what the National Guard is being used for ?
An increasing number of Guard members are being sent to the quagmire in Iraq .
After the Army recently announced that it would keep the current level of troops in Iraq — about 120,000 — through 2010 , the Army chief of staff , Gen. Peter J. Schoomaker , said that “ the Army will have to rely on the National Guard and Reserves to maintain the current level of deployments . ”
According to Defense Department , the number of members of the Guard and Reserve that have been placed on active duty in support of the partial mobilization for the Army National Guard and Army Reserve is 80,234 .
The total number of National Guard and Reserve personnel from all branches of the military is now up to 100,694 .
A cumulative roster of all National Guard and Reserve personnel who are currently mobilized can be seen here .
Military analyst William Lind has stated about this misuse of the National Guard :
One of the likely effects of the disastrous war in Iraq will be the destruction of an old American institution , the National Guard .
Desperate for troops as the situation in Iraq deteriorates , Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld is using the National Guard in a mission for which it was never intended : carrying on a “ war of choice ” halfway around the world .
Most Guardsmen enlisted expecting to help their neighbors in natural disasters , or perhaps maintain order locally in the event of rioting .
They never signed up for Vietnam II .
Over one third of the U.S. troops in Iraq are National Guard members .
And more than half of the U.S. casualties there were members of either the Guard or Reserve .
Still another reason the National Guard can’t have my daughter is because of the number of sexual assaults involving members of the military .
An Associated Press investigation in August revealed that “ more than 100 young women who expressed interest in joining the military in the past year were preyed upon sexually by their recruiters . ”
The AP found that “ more than 80 military recruiters were disciplined last year for sexual misconduct with potential enlistees .
The cases occurred across all branches of the military and in all regions of the country . ”
According to the DOD ’s Sexual Assault Report for 2005 : “ The Services received 2,374 reports of alleged cases of sexual assault involving members of the Armed Forces . ”
Restricted reports were filed in 327 cases , which means that although victims are allowed “ to receive services from sexual assault program staff , healthcare , providers , and chaplains , ” no investigation is conducted and no notification is given to command authorities or military criminal investigative organizations .
Out of the remaining 2,047 cases that were subject to investigation , 661 were still pending at the end of the year .
The number of sexual assaults involving military personnel is evidently a significant problem .
The Sexual Assault Report informs us that the military services established sexual assault program offices at all major installations and collaborated with DoD to train more than 1,000 Sexual Assault Response Coordinators and Victim Advocates to conduct those programs .
They have also trained more than 1,000,000 service members and have integrated sexual assault awareness instruction into initial entry training and professional military education .
All of the time and money wasted on this training was only necessary because of the feminization of the military .
It is certainly true that any young woman over the age of eighteen has a perfect legal right to enlist in the National Guard .
And it is certainly true that those who join do so of their own free will .
It is up to us fathers to teach them about the true nature of this war and the U.S. military .
And if not fathers , then mothers , brothers , sisters , clergymen , or friends .
Someone must look out for these young women .
The military recruiters certainly wo n’t .
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
Katrina funds earmarked to pay for Neil Bush 's software program Former first lady 's donation aids son
Former first lady Barbara Bush donated an undisclosed amount of money to the Bush - Clinton Katrina Fund with specific instructions that the money be spent with an educational software company owned by her son Neil .
Since then , the Ignite Learning program has been given to eight area schools that took in substantial numbers of Hurricane Katrina evacuees .
" Mrs. Bush wanted to do something specifically for education and specifically for the thousands of students flooding into the Houston schools , " said Jean Becker , former President Bush 's chief of staff .
" She knew that HISD was using this software program , and she 's very excited about this program , so she wanted to make it possible for them to expand the use of this program . "
The former first lady plans to visit a Houston Independent School District campus using the Ignite program today to call on local business leaders to support schools and education .
The trip to Fleming Middle School is intended to showcase Bush 's commitment to education for both Houston - area and New Orleans evacuee students , according to a press release issued Wednesday by Ignite .
Fleming , which has more than 170 New Orleans students , was one of eight area schools chosen by the Harris County Department of Education to receive a donated COW , or Curriculum on Wheels , multimedia program after Hurricane Katrina .
Neil Bush founded Austin - based Ignite Learning , which produces the COW program , in 1999 .
Becker said she was n't at liberty to divulge how much money the Bush family gave to the hurricane funds , but said the " rest of their donation was not earmarked for anything . "
Nationally , some other donors also specified how they wanted their donations spent , Becker said .
For example , one man wanted his money to go to Habitat for Humanity but via the former presidents ' fund .
Nearly $ 1 million has been raised for the local fund and more than $ 120 million for the national .
Regarding the fact that Bush 's earmarked donation also benefited her son's company , Becker said , " Mrs. Bush is obviously an enthusiastic supporter of her son .
She is genuinely supportive of his program , " and has received many letters from educators who support it .
Bush " honestly felt this would be a great way to help the ( evacuee ) students . "
Barbara and Neil Bush presented the donated programs to Houston - area schools this winter .
Districts that received the free curriculum include Houston , Alvin , Katy , Pearland and Spring and the New Orleans West charter school .
There are 40 Ignite programs being used in the Houston area , and 15 in the Houston school district , said Ken Leonard , president of Ignite .
Information about the effectiveness of the program , through district - generated reports , was not readily available Wednesday , according to an HISD spokeswoman .
Two years ago , the school district raised eyebrows when it expanded the program by relying heavily on private donations .
In February 2004 , the Houston school board unanimously agreed to accept $ 115,000 in charitable donations from businesses and individuals who insisted the money be spent on Ignite .
The money covered half the bill for the software , which cost $ 10,000 per school .
The deal raised conflict of interest concerns because Neil Bush and company officials helped solicit the donations for the HISD Foundation , a philanthropic group that raises money for the district .
HISD school principals decide for themselves whether to spend their budgeted money on Ignite .
Leonard said that in the past six to eight months , the company has hired national sales representatives across the country — in Florida , New York , Pennsylvania , Georgia and Nevada — in hopes of expanding beyond Texas .
Currently , about 80 percent of the company 's customers are from Texas .
Last year , Neil Bush reportedly toured former Soviet Union countries promoting Ignite with Russian tycoon Boris Berezovsky .
According to the Times of London , Berezovsky , a former Kremlin insider now living in Britain , is wanted on criminal charges in Moscow accusing him of seeking to stage a coup against President Vladimir Putin .
The purpose of today 's event is to showcase everyone 's efforts in helping the hurricane evacuee students who ended up in Houston , Leonard said .
" We have a role , but we 're not the leader in this , " Leonard said .
He also acknowledged that his company will benefit from the former first lady 's visit .
Barbara Bush is expected to observe both teachers and students using the Ignite Learning program while touring classrooms , according to the Ignite press release .
During a short reception , teachers and students will give testimonials about the program and Bush will " encourage community business leaders to have a stronger presence in supporting schools and education , " the press release said .
The free - standing instructional tools that are not dependent on the Internet .
They include a built - in computer , projector and speakers and come pre-loaded with science and social studies courses .
cynthia.garza@chron.com
A FORMER US Army torturer has described the traumatic effects of American interrogation techniques in Iraq - on their victims and on the perpetrators themselves .
Tony Lagouranis said he conducted mock executions , forced men and boys into agonising stress positions , kept suspects awake for weeks on end , used dogs to terrify prisoners and subjected others to hypothermia .
But he said he was deeply scarred by the realisation that what he did had contributed to the plight of US forces in Iraq .
House Democrats ' New Strategy : Force Slow End to War
Top House Democrats , working in concert with anti-war groups , have decided against using congressional power to force a quick end to U.S. involvement in Iraq , and instead will pursue a slow - bleed strategy designed to gradually limit the administration 's options .
Led by Rep. John P. Murtha , D - Pa. , and supported by several well - funded anti-war groups , the coalition 's goal is to limit or sharply reduce the number of U.S. troops available for the Iraq conflict , rather than to openly cut off funding for the war itself .
Advertisement
The legislative strategy will be supplemented by a multimillion - dollar TV ad campaign designed to pressure vulnerable GOP incumbents into breaking with President Bush and forcing the administration to admit that the war is politically unsustainable .
As described by participants , the goal is crafted to circumvent the biggest political vulnerability of the anti-war movement -- the accusation that it is willing to abandon troops in the field .
That fear is why many Democrats have remained timid in challenging Bush , even as public support for the president and his Iraq policies have plunged .
Murtha and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , have decided that they must take the lead in pressuring not only Republicans but also cautious Senate Democrats to take steps more aggressive than nonbinding resolutions in challenging the Bush administration .
The House strategy is being crafted quietly , even as the chamber is immersed this week in an emotional , albeit mostly symbolic , debate over a resolution expressing opposition to Bush 's plan to " surge " 21,500 more troops into Iraq .
Murtha , the powerful chairman of the defense subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee , will seek to attach a provision to an upcoming $ 93 billion supplemental spending bill for Iraq and Afghanistan .
It would restrict the deployment of troops to Iraq unless they meet certain levels adequate manpower , equipment and training to succeed in combat .
That 's a standard Murtha believes few of the units Bush intends to use for the surge would be able to meet .
In addition , Murtha , acting with the backing of the House Democratic leadership , will seek to limit the time and number of deployments by soldiers , Marines and National Guard units to Iraq , making it tougher for Pentagon officials to find the troops to replace units that are scheduled to rotate out of the country .
Additional funding restrictions are also being considered by Murtha , such as prohibiting the creation of U.S. military bases inside Iraq , dismantling the notorious Abu Ghraib prison and closing the American detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
" There 's a D - Day coming in here , and it 's going to start with the supplemental and finish with the ' 08 [ defense ] budget , " said Rep. Neil Abercrombie , D - Hawaii , who chairs the Air and Land Forces subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee .
Pelosi and other top Democrats are not yet prepared for an open battle with the White House over ending funding for the war , and they are wary of Republican claims that Democratic leaders would endanger the welfare of U.S. troops .
The new approach of first reducing the number of troops available for the conflict , while maintaining funding levels for units already in the field , gives political cover to conservative House Democrats who are nervous about appearing " anti-military " while also mollifying the anti-war left , which has long been agitating for Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , to be more aggressive .
" What we have staked out is a campaign to stop the war without cutting off funding " for the troops , said Tom Mazzie of Americans Against Escalation of the War in Iraq .
" We call it the ' readiness strategy . ' "
Murtha 's proposal , which has been kept under tight wraps , is likely to pass the House next month or in early April as part of the supplemental spending bill , Democratic insiders said , if the language remains tightly focused and does not threaten funding levels for combat forces already in the field .
The battle will then shift to the Senate .
Anti-war groups like Mazzie 's are prepared to spend at least $ 6.5 million on a TV ad campaign and at least $ 2 million more on a grass - roots lobbying effort .
Vulnerable GOP incumbents like Sens. Norm Coleman of Minnestoa , Susan Collins of Maine , Gordon Smith of Oregon and John Sununu of New Hampshire will be targeted by the anti-war organizations , according to Mazzie and former Rep. Tom Andrews , D - Maine , head of the Win Without War Coalition .
Mazzie also said anti-war groups would field primary and general election challengers to Democratic lawmakers who do not support proposals to end the war , a direct challenge to conservative incumbents who are attempting to straddle the political line between their pro- and anti-war constituents .
If the Senate does not approve these new funding restrictions , or if Senate Republicans filibuster the supplemental bill , Pelosi and the House Democratic leadership would then be able to ratchet up the political pressure on the White House to accede to their demands by " slow - walking " the supplemental bill .
Additionally , House Democrats could try to insert the Murtha provisions into the fiscal 2008 defense authorization and spending bills , which are scheduled to come to the floor later in the year .
" We will set benchmarks for readiness , " said a top Democratic leadership aide , speaking on the condition of anonymity .
If enacted , these provisions would have the effect of limiting the number of troops available for the Bush surge plan , while blunting the GOP charge that Democrats are cutting funding for the troops .
" We are not cutting funding for any [ unit ] in Iraq , " said the aide , who admitted the Democratic maneuver would not prevent the president from sending some additional forces to Baghdad .
" We want to limit the number who can go ...
We 're trying to build a case that the president needs to change course . "
Mazzie , though , suggested that Democrats ought to directly rebut the Republican charge that Democrats are threatening the safety of American forces in the field by pushing restrictions on war funding .
" Cutting off funding as described by the media and White House is a caricature , " Mazzie said .
" It has never happened in U.S. history , and it wo n't happen now . "
Andrews , who met with Murtha on Tuesday to discuss legislative strategy , acknowledged " there is a relationship " with the House Democratic leadership and the anti-war groups , but added , " It is important for our members that we not be seen as an arm of the Democratic Caucus or the Democratic Party .
We 're not hand in glove . "
Andrews 's group has launched a new Web site , MoveCongress.org , and he has already posted an interview with Rep. Lynn Woolsey , D - Calif. , one of the founders of the " Out of Iraq Caucus " in the House .
An interview with Murtha on his legislative strategy will be posted on the site Thursday .
" I do n't know how you vote against Murtha , " said Andrews .
" It 's kind of an ingenious thing . "
New research into the chemical composition of stars could identify our Sun ’s long lost family and begin to unravel the complex history of our galaxy .
Gayandhi De Silva and colleagues at the European Southern Observatory ’s Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) used the instrument ’s Ultraviolet and Visual Echelle Spectrograph ( UVES ) to examine three open star clusters in our Milky Way galaxy .
Open clusters are loosely gravitationally bound groups containing up to a few thousand individual stars .
These clusters formed from the collapse of a giant molecular cloud of gas and can have ages up to 10 billion years .
“ Open clusters are invaluable objects for tracing of the formation and evolution of the disk of our galaxy , ” De Silva said . ”
The older clusters hold clues to the formation history of the galactic disk . ”
Family affair
Our Sun was born in an open cluster some 4.6 billion years ago , growing alongside its sibling stars like grapes on a vine , theorists say .
Meteorites hold evidence for this close companionship in that they contain traces of the radioactive decay of the isotope Iron - 60 which is only produced when a large star explodes in a supernova .
The VLT data obtained by De Silva has now confirmed the stars in each open cluster have their own distinctive " flavor . "
“ The main result was that the member stars of each cluster shared the same chemical composition .
Such chemical homogeneity is expected if all the stars are formed together within the same parent gas cloud , ” De Silva said .
This chemical resemblance between the clusters constituent stars indicates that the original gas cloud from which the stars formed was well mixed prior to star formation .
“ Further , it implies that any effects of chemical pollution are negligible and that the stars ’ natal chemistry is preserved , ” De Silva told SPACE.com .
The preservation of chemical identity could one day enable the identification of the Sun ’s errant siblings .
These stars lost touch with our own billions of years ago when our unstable open cluster dispersed , but these stars cannot conceal their roots .
“ The elemental abundances of these stars are preserved despite the star cluster being kinematically dispersed .
With detailed high accuracy measurements we should be able to find the chemical signatures of dispersed clusters that are otherwise unidentifiable , ” De Silva said .
Like fine wine
Wherever in the galaxy they may now lurk , these stars will " taste " like our Sun and betray their origins in much the same way wines from a particular vineyard are unmistakable to an expert .
“ If one can find other such stars that match the age and exact chemical composition of the Sun , it is very likely they have been born alongside the Sun , ” De Silva said .
The identification of those other 4.6 billion year vintage stars may only be a matter of time .
“ To do this sort of " chemical tagging " we need to have quality high resolution spectroscopic data .
The upcoming ESA 's GAIA mission will surely give a boost to testing these techniques , plus future high efficiency spectrographs on Extremely Large telescopes will also provide much of the required data , ” De Silva said .
Boys on bikes cycle backwards and forwards on a footbridge over a small canal lined with houses and groves of date palms .
Women in headscarves look anxiously in groups from windows .
Men walk with shopping bags .
A gunman , clutching an AK - 47 , bobs his head around the corner of an alleyway close to a school .
Once .
Twice .
On the third occasion a child , a boy seven or eight years old , is thrust out in front of him .
The gunman holds him firmly by the arm and steps out for instant into full view of the Bradley 's gunner to get a proper look , then yanks the boy back and disappears .
" That is really dirty , " says Specialist Chris Jankow , in the back of the Bradley , with a mixture of contempt , anger and frustration .
" They know exactly what our rules of engagement are .
They know we can't fire back . "
A few minutes and a few hundred metres later the performance is repeated .
A woman and three small children emerge uncertainly from behind a building , little more than a shack .
They stare at the approaching armour .
After a few seconds they retreat from view ; then the process is repeated .
The third time they emerge , a fighter is crouching behind them with a rocket - propelled grenade aimed at Jankow 's Bradley .
The group disappears .
There is a long pause , a moment of excruciating moral conflict for the soldiers and for the gunner in particular .
Not to shoot would be to imperil their own lives or those of their colleagues , both American and Iraqi .
To shoot would be to risk killing civilians who have been shoved in front of their guns to shield insurgent fighters .
Suddenly , the decision is made , announced by the Bradley opening fire with four rounds from its 25 mm gun , blasting a large hole in the corner of the building .
Three bodies fall into view .
For a sickening few seconds it seems inconceivable that the woman and her children are not among the dead .
A silence descends on the vehicle .
But the bodies are those of men .
" This whole human shield thing is all fucked up , " says Specialist Orlando Garcia , sitting in the Bradley 's back .
" You know , if I heard a Bradley .
I would be under my house .
I would n't be out here . "
This is the horrible reality of a brutal and unconventional war in Iraq 's north - where jihadi fighters use human shields and force children to run weapons for them .
The Iraqi army leading the fight appears to have been infiltrated by those it is fighting .
In this " clearing " operation led by two battalions of the Iraqi army supported by a few squads of US troops , the fighters in Buhriz appear to have had ample warning .
The main route into the area - previously checked by unmanned drones - is now dotted with roadside bombs , one every 50 metres .
A second route is only marginally safer , forcing the vehicles down to a crawling pace as they go in .
Minutes stretch to hours as the Iraqi soldiers , some 200 of them , search houses for weapons .
There are small bursts of fire .
An Iraqi Humvee is hit with an RPG , to little effect .
Then , as the afternoon wears on , another Humvee in the column hits an improvised explosive device ( IED ) hidden by the road .
The heavy vehicle is tossed on to its side , engulfed in an orange flame that reaches above the houses .
There is little chance that any of the four Iraqis inside can have survived , but one is pulled out of the burning vehicle and dragged across the road .
He writhes for a while , and then is still .
The insurgents move among the residents , seen by the helicopters and drones above that report their movements to the troops on the ground .
" Moving everywhere , " the radio says .
They appear on roofs as snipers , or as triggermen for the IEDs .
They fire their heavy weapons across the little canal from among the date palm groves they know the armoured vehicles cannot cross , flickering figures manoeuvring expertly among the trees in groups .
It has been a " Darwinian process " , an officer says afterwards .
The stupid insurgents , and the ones who were too brave , are dead after three years of resistance .
Those who are left are battle hardened and have adapted their tactics to fight most effectively against the US military .
As dusk falls with the column halted at the canal by yet another IED , and under fire from the date groves , an air strike is finally called in .
The Gatling gun of an A - 10 Warthog turns the tall trees into matchwood .
With the darkness the column finally pulls out .
Another day in a war that seems to have no end .
( One of the things that goes with being an SF writer is that people expect you to talk about , well , the future .
Last week , engineering consultancy TNG Technology Consulting invited me to Munich to address one of their technology open days .
Here 's a transcript of my talk , which discusses certain under - considered side effects of some technologies that you 're probably already becoming familiar with .
Note that this is a long blog entry — even by my verbose standards — so you 'll need to hit on the " continue reading " link to see the whole thing . )
Good afternoon , and thank you for inviting me here today .
I understand that you 're expecting a talk about where the next 20 years are taking us , how far technology will go , how people will use the net , and whether big shoulder pads and food pills will be fashionable .
Personally , I 'm still waiting for my personal jet car —
I 've been waiting about fifty years now — and I mention this as a note of caution : while personal jet cars are n't obviously impossible , their non-appearance should give us some insights into how attempts to predict the future go wrong .
I 'm a science fiction writer by trade , and people often think that means I spend a lot of time trying to predict possible futures .
Actually , that 's not the job of the SF writer at all — we 're not professional futurologists , and we probably get things wrong as often as anybody else .
But because we 're not tied to a specific technical field we are at least supposed to keep our eyes open for surprises .
So I 'm going to ignore the temptation to talk about a whole lot of subjects — global warming , bioengineering , the green revolution , the intellectual property wars — and explain why , sooner or later , everyone in this room is going to end up in Wikipedia .
And I 'm going to get us there the long way round ...
Speed
The big surprise in the 20th century — remember that personal jet car ? — was the redefinition of progress that took place some time between 1950 and 1970 .
Before 1800 , human beings did n't travel faster than a horse could gallop .
The experience of travel was that it was unpleasant , slow , and usually involved a lot of exercise — or the hazards of the seas .
Then something odd happened ; a constant that had held for all of human history — the upper limit on travel speed — turned into a variable .
By 1980 , the upper limit on travel speed had risen ( for some lucky people on some routes ) to just over Mach Two , and to just under Mach One on many other shorter routes .
But from 1970 onwards , the change in the rate at which human beings travel ceased — to all intents and purposes , we are n't any faster today than we were when the Comet and Boeing 707 airliners first flew .
We can plot this increase in travel speed on a graph — better still , plot the increase in maximum possible speed — and it looks quite pretty ; it 's a classic sigmoid curve , initially rising slowly , then with the rate of change peaking between 1920 and 1950 , before tapering off again after 1970 .
Today , the fastest vehicle ever built , NASA 's New Horizons spacecraft , en route to Pluto , is moving at approximately 21 kilometres per second — only twice as fast as an Apollo spacecraft from the late - 1960s .
Forty - five years to double the maximum velocity ; back in the 1930s it was happening in less than a decade .
One side - effect of faster travel was that people traveled more .
A brief google told me that in 1900 , the average American traveled 210 miles per year by steam - traction railroad , and 130 miles by electric railways .
Today , comparable travel figures are 16,000 miles by road and air — a fifty - fold increase in distance traveled .
I 'd like to note that the new transport technologies consume one - fifth the energy per passenger - kilometer , but overall energy consumption is much higher because of the distances involved .
We probably do n't spend significantly more hours per year aboard aircraft that our 1900 - period ancestors spent aboard steam trains , but at twenty times the velocity — or more — we travel much further and consume energy faster while we 're doing so .
Information
Around 1950 , everyone tended to look at what the future held in terms of improvements in transportation speed .
But as we know now , that was n't where the big improvements were going to come from .
The automation of information systems just were n't on the map , other than in the crudest sense — punched card sorting and collating machines and desktop calculators .
We can plot a graph of computing power against time that , prior to 1900 , looks remarkably similar to the graph of maximum speed against time .
Basically it 's a flat line from prehistory up to the invention , in the seventeenth or eighteenth century , of the first mechanical calculating machines .
It gradually rises as mechanical calculators become more sophisticated , then in the late 1930s and 1940s it starts to rise steeply .
From 1960 onwards , with the transition to solid state digital electronics , it 's been necessary to switch to a logarithmic scale to even keep sight of this graph .
It 's worth noting that the complexity of the problems we can solve with computers has not risen as rapidly as their performance would suggest to a naive bystander .
This is largely because interesting problems tend to be complex , and computational complexity rarely scales linearly with the number of inputs ; we have n't seen the same breakthroughs in the theory of algorithmics that we 've seen in the engineering practicalities of building incrementally faster machines .
Speaking of engineering practicalities , I 'm sure everyone here has heard of Moore 's Law .
Gordon Moore of Intel coined this one back in 1965 when he observed that the number of transistor count on an integrated circuit for minimum component cost doubles every 24 months .
This is n't just about the number of transistors on a chip , but the density of transistors .
A similar law seems to govern storage density in bits per unit area for rotating media .
As a given circuit becomes physically smaller , the time taken for a signal to propagate across it decreases — and if it 's printed on a material of a given resistivity , the amount of power dissipated in the process decreases .
( I hope I 've got that right : my basic physics is a little rusty . )
So we get faster operation , or we get lower power operation , by going smaller .
We know that Moore 's Law has some way to run before we run up against the irreducible limit to downsizing .
However , it looks unlikely that we 'll ever be able to build circuits where the component count exceeds the number of component atoms , so I 'm going to draw a line in the sand and suggest that this exponential increase in component count is n't going to go on forever ; it 's going to stop around the time we wake up and discover we 've hit the nanoscale limits .
The cultural picture in computing today therefore looks much as it did in transportation technology in the 1930s — everything tomorrow is going to be wildly faster than it is today , let alone yesterday .
And this progress has been running for long enough that it 's seeped into the public consciousness .
In the 1920s , boys often wanted to grow up to be steam locomotive engineers ; politicians and publicists in the 1930s talked about " air - mindedness " as the key to future prosperity .
In the 1990s it was software engineers and in the current decade it 's the politics of internet governance .
All of this is irrelevant .
Because computers and microprocessors are n't the future .
They 're yesterday 's future , and tomorrow will be about something else .
Bandwidth
I do n't expect I need to lecture you about bandwidth .
Let 's just say that our communication bandwidth has been increasing in what should by now be a very familiar pattern since , oh , the eighteenth century , and the elaborate system of semaphore stations the French crown used for its own purposes .
Improvements in bandwidth are something we get from improvements in travel speed or information processing ; you should never underestimate the bandwidth of a pickup truck full of magnetic tapes driving cross-country ( or an Airbus full of DVDs ) , and similarly , moving more data per unit time over fiber requires faster switches at each end .
Now , with little or no bandwidth , when it was expensive and scarce and modems were boxes the size of filing cabinets that could pump out a few hundred bits per second , computers were n't that interesting ; they tended to be big , centralized sorting machines that very few people could get to and make use of , and they tended to be used for the kind of jobs that can be centralized , by large institutions .
That 's the past , where we 've come from .
With lots of bandwidth , the picture is very different — but you do n't get lots of bandwidth without also getting lots of cheap information processing , lots of small but dense circuitry , hordes of small computers spliced into everything around us .
So the picture we 've got today is of a world where there are nearly as many mobile phones in the EU as there are people , where each mobile phone is a small computer , and where the fast 3G , UMTS phones are moving up to a megabit or so of data per second over the air — and the next - generation 4G standards are looking to move 100 mbps of data .
So that 's where we are now .
And this picture differs from the past in a very interesting way : because lots of people are interacting with them .
( That , incidentally , is what makes the world wide web possible ; it 's not the technology but the fact that millions of people are throwing random stuff into their computers and publishing on it .
You can't do that without ubiquitous cheap bandwidth and cheap terminals to let people publish stuff .
And there seems to be a critical threshold for it to work ; any BBS or network system seems to require a certain size of user base before it begins to acquire a culture of its own . )
Which did n't happen before , with computers .
It 's like the difference between having an experimental test plane that can fly at 1000 km/h , and having thousands of Boeings and Airbuses that can fly at 1000 km/h and are used by millions of people every month .
There will be social consequences , and you can't easily predict the consequences of the mass uptake of a technology by observing the leading - edge consequences when it first arrives .
Unintended Consequences
It typically takes at least a generation before the social impact of a ubiquitous new technology becomes obvious .
We are currently aware of the consequences of the switch to personal high - speed transportation — the car — and road freight distribution .
It shapes our cities and towns , dictates where we live and work , and turns out to have disadvantages our ancestors were not aware of , from particulate air pollution to suburban sprawl and the decay of city centers in some countries .
We tend to be less aware of the social consequences , too .
Compare that 1900 - era figure of 360 miles per year traveled by rail , against the 16,000 miles of a typical modern American .
It is no longer rare to live a long way from relatives , workplaces , and educational institutions .
Countries look much more homogeneous on the large scale — the same shops in every high street — because community has become delocalized from geography .
Often we do n't know our neighbours as well as we know people who live hundreds of kilometers away .
This is the effect of cheap , convenient high speed transport .
Now , we 're still in the early stages of the uptake of mobile telephony , but some lessons are already becoming clear .
Traditional fixed land - lines connect places , not people ; you dial a number and it puts you through to a room in a building somewhere , and you hope the person you want to talk to is there .
Mobile phones in contrast connect people , not places .
You do n't necessarily know where the person at the other end of the line is , what room in which building they 're in , but you know who they are .
This has interesting social effects .
Sometimes it 's benign ; you never have to wonder if someone you 're meeting is lost or unable to find the venue , you never lose track of people .
On the other hand , it has bad effects , especially when combined with other technologies : bullying via mobile phone is rife in British schools , and " happy slapping " would n't be possible without them .
( Assaulting people while an accomplice films it with a cameraphone , for the purpose of sending the movie footage around — often used for intimidation , sometimes used just for vicarious violent fun . )
Convergence
It 's even harder to predict the second - order consequences of new technologies when they start merging at the edges , and hybridizing .
A modern cellphone is nothing like a late - 1980s cellphone .
Back then , the cellphone was basically a voice terminal .
Today it 's as likely as not to be a video and still camera , a GPS navigation unit , have a keyboard for texting , a screen for surfing the web , an MP3 player , and it may also be a full - blown business computer with word processing and spreadsheet applications aboard .
In future it may end up as a pocket computer that simply runs voice - over - IP software , using the cellular telephony network — or WiFi or WiMax or just about any other transport layer that comes to hand — to move speech packets back and forth with acceptable latency .
And it 's got peripherals .
GPS location , cameras , text input .
What does it all mean ?
Putting it all together
Let 's look at our notional end - point where the bandwidth and information processing revolutions are taking us — as far ahead as we can see without positing real breakthroughs and new technologies , such as cheap quantum computing , pocket fusion reactors , and an artificial intelligence that is as flexible and unpredictable as ourselves .
It 's about 25 - 50 years away .
Firstly , storage .
I like to look at the trailing edge ; how much non-volatile solid - state storage can you buy for , say , ten euros ?
( I do n't like rotating media ; they tend to be fragile , slow , and subject to amnesia after a few years .
So this is n't the cheapest storage you can buy — just the cheapest reasonably robust solid - state storage . )
Today , I can pick up about 1 Gb of FLASH memory in a postage stamp sized card for that much money .
fast - forward a decade and that 'll be 100 Gb .
Two decades and we 'll be up to 10 Tb .
10 Tb is an interesting number .
That 's a megabit for every second in a year — there are roughly 10 million seconds per year .
That 's enough to store a live DivX video stream — compressed a lot relative to a DVD , but the same overall resolution — of everything I look at for a year , including time I spend sleeping , or in the bathroom .
Realistically , with multiplexing , it puts three or four video channels and a sound channel and other telemetry — a heart monitor , say , a running GPS / Galileo location signal , everything I type and every mouse event I send — onto that chip , while I 'm awake .
All the time .
It 's a life log ; replay it and you 've got a journal file for my life .
Ten euros a year in 2027 , or maybe a thousand euros a year in 2017 .
( Cheaper if we use those pesky rotating hard disks — it 's actually about five thousand euros if we want to do this right now . )
Why would anyone want to do this ?
I can think of several reasons .
Initially , it 'll be edge cases .
Police officers on duty : it'd be great to record everything they see , as evidence .
Folks with early stage neurodegenerative conditions like Alzheimers : with voice tagging and some sophisticated searching , it 's a memory prosthesis .
Add optical character recognition on the fly for any text you look at , speech - to - text for anything you say , and it's all indexed and searchable .
" What was the title of the book I looked at and wanted to remember last Thursday at 3 pm ? "
Think of it as google for real life .
We may even end up being required to do this , by our employers or insurers — in many towns in the UK , it is impossible for shops to get insurance , a condition of doing business , without demonstrating that they have CCTV cameras in place .
Having such a lifelog would certainly make things easier for teachers and social workers at risk of being maliciously accused by a student or client .
( There are also a whole bunch of very nasty drawbacks to this technology — I 'll talk about some of them later , but right now I 'd just like to note that it would fundamentally change our understanding of privacy , redefine the boundary between memory and public record , and be subject to new and excitingly unpleasant forms of abuse — but I suspect it 's inevitable , and rather than asking whether this technology is avoidable , I think we need to be thinking about how we 're going to live with it . )
Now , this might seem as if it 's generating mountains of data — but really , it is n't .
There are roughly 80 million people in Germany .
Let 's assume they all have lifelogs .
They 're generating something like 10 Tb of data each , 1013 bits , per year , or 1021 bits for the entire nation every year .
1023 bits per century .
Is 1023 bits a huge number ?
No it is n't , when we pursue Moore 's Law to the bitter end .
There 's a model for long term high volume storage that I like to use as a reference point .
Obviously , we want our storage to be as compact as possible — one bit per atom , ideally , if not more , but one bit per atom seems as if it might be achievable .
We want it to be stable , too .
( In the future , the 20th century will be seen as a dark age — while previous centuries left books and papers that are stable for centuries with proper storage , many of the early analog recordings were stable enough to survive for decades , but the digital media and magnetic tapes and optical disks of the latter third of the 20th century decay in mere years .
And if they do n't decay , they become unreadable : the original tapes of the slow - scan video from the first moon landing , for example , appear to be missing , and the much lower quality broadcast images are all that remain .
So stability is important , and I 'm not even going to start on how we store data and metainformation describing it . )
My model of a long term high volume data storage medium is a synthetic diamond .
Carbon occurs in a variety of isotopes , and the commonest stable ones are carbon - 12 and carbon - 13 , occurring in roughly equal abundance .
We can speculate that if molecular nanotechnology as described by , among others , Eric Drexler , is possible , we can build a device that will create a diamond , one layer at a time , atom by atom , by stacking individual atoms — and with enough discrimination to stack carbon - 12 and carbon - 13 , we 've got a tool for writing memory diamond .
Memory diamond is quite simple : at any given position in the rigid carbon lattice , a carbon - 12 followed by a carbon - 13 means zero , and a carbon - 13 followed by a carbon - 12 means one .
To rewrite a zero to a one , you swap the positions of the two atoms , and vice versa .
It 's hard , it 's very stable , and it 's very dense .
How much data does it store , in practical terms ?
The capacity of memory diamond storage is of the order of Avogadro 's number of bits per two molar weights .
For diamond , that works out at 6.022 x 1023 bits per 25 grams .
So going back to my earlier figure for the combined lifelog data streams of everyone in Germany — twenty five grams of memory diamond would store six years ' worth of data .
Six hundred grams of this material would be enough to store lifelogs for everyone on the planet ( at an average population of , say , eight billion people ) for a year .
Sixty kilograms can store a lifelog for the entire human species for a century .
In more familiar terms : by the best estimate I can track down , in 2003 we as a species recorded 2500 petabytes — 2.5 x 1018 bytes — of data .
That 's almost ten milligrams .
The Google cluster , as of mid-2006 , was estimated to have 4 petabytes of RAM .
In memory diamond , you 'd need a microscope to see it .
So , it 's reasonable to conclude that we 're not going to run out of storage any time soon .
Now , capturing the data , indexing and searching the storage , and identifying relevance — that 's another matter entirely , and it 's going to be one that imprint the shape of our current century on those ahead , much as the great 19th century infrastructure projects ( that gave our cities paved roads and sewers and railways ) define that era for us .
I 'd like to suggest that really fine - grained distributed processing is going to help ; small processors embedded with every few hundred terabytes of storage .
You want to know something , you broadcast a query : the local processors handle the problem of searching their respective chunks of the 128 - bit address space , and when one of them finds something , it reports back .
But this is actually boring .
It 's an implementation detail .
What I 'd like to look at is the effect this sort of project is going to have on human civilization .
The Singularity reconsidered
Those of you who 're familiar with my writing might expect me to spend some time talking about the singularity .
It 's an interesting term , coined by computer scientist and SF writer Vernor Vinge .
Earlier , I was discussing the way in which new technological fields show a curve of accelerating progress — until it hits a plateau and slows down rapidly .
It 's the familiar sigmoid curve .
Vinge asked , " what if there exist new technologies where the curve never flattens , but looks exponential ? "
The obvious example — to him — was Artificial Intelligence .
It 's still thirty years away today , just as it was in the 1950s , but the idea of building machines that think has been around for centuries , and more recently , the idea of understanding how the human brain processes information and coding some kind of procedural system in software for doing the same sort of thing has soaked up a lot of research .
Vernor came up with two postulates .
Firstly , if we can design a true artificial intelligence , something that 's cognitively our equal , then we can make it run faster by throwing more computing resources at it .
( Yes , I know this is questionable — it begs the question of whether intelligence is parallelizeable , or what resources it takes . )
And if you can make it run faster , you can make it run much faster — hundreds , millions , of times faster .
Which means problems get solved fast .
This is your basic weakly superhuman AI : the one you deploy if you want it to spend an afternoon and crack a problem that 's been bugging everyone for a few centuries .
He also noted something else : we humans are pretty dumb .
We can see most of the elements of our own success in other species , and individually , on average , we 're not terribly smart .
But we 've got the ability to communicate , to bind time , and to plan , and we 've got a theory of mind that lets us model the behaviour of other animals .
What if there can exist other forms of intelligence , other types of consciousness , which are fundamentally better than ours at doing whatever it is that consciousness does ?
Just as a quicksort algorithm that sorts in O( n log n ) comparisons is fundamentally better ( except in very small sets ) than a bubble sort that typically takes O ( n2 ) comparisons .
If such higher types of intelligence can exist , and if a human - equivalent intelligence can build an AI that runs one of them , then it 's going to appear very rapidly after the first weakly superhuman AI .
And we 're not going to be able to second guess it because it 'll be as much smarter than us as we are than a frog .
Vernor 's singularity is therefore usually presented as an artificial intelligence induced leap into the unknown : we can't predict where things are going on the other side of that event because it 's simply unprecedented .
It 's as if the steadily steepening rate of improvement in transportation technologies that gave us the Apollo flights by the late 1960s kept on going , with a Jupiter mission in 1982 , a fast relativistic flight to Alpha Centauri by 1990 , a faster than light drive by 2000 , and then a time machine so we could arrive before we set off .
It makes a mockery of attempts to extrapolate from prior conditions .
Of course , aside from making it possible to write very interesting science fiction stories , the Singularity is a very controversial idea .
For one thing , there 's the whole question of whether a machine can think — although as the late , eminent professor Edsger Djikstra said , " the question of whether machines can think is no more interesting than the question of whether submarines can swim " .
A secondary pathway to the Singularity is the idea of augmented intelligence , as opposed to artificial intelligence : we may not need machines that think , if we can come up with tools that help us think faster and more efficiently .
The world wide web seems to be one example .
The memory prostheses I 've been muttering about are another .
And then there 's a school of thought that holds that , even if AI is possible , the Singularity idea is hogwash — it just looks like an insuperable barrier or a permanent step change because we 're too far away from it to see the fine - grained detail .
Canadian SF writer Karl Schroeder has explored a different hypothesis : that there may be an end to progress .
We may reach a point where the scientific enterprise is done — where all the outstanding questions have been answered and the unanswered ones are physically impossible for us to address .
( He 's also opined that the idea of an AI - induced Singularity is actually an example of erroneous thinking that makes the same mistake as the proponents of intelligent design ( Creationism ) — the assumption that complex systems cannot be produced by simple non-consciously directed processes . )
An end to science is still a very long way away right now ; for example , I 've completely failed to talk about the real elephant in the living room , the recent explosion in our understanding of biological systems that started in the 1950s but only really began to gather pace in the 1990s .
But what then ?
Well , we 're going to end up with — at the least — lifelogs , ubiquitous positioning and communication services , a civilization where every artifact more complicated than a spoon is on the internet and attentive to our moods and desires , cars that drive themselves , and a whole lot of other mind - bending consequences .
All within the next two or three decades .
So what can we expect of this collision between transportation , information processing , and bandwidth ?
Drawing Conclusions
We 're already living in a future nobody anticipated .
We do n't have personal jet cars , but we have ridiculously cheap intercontinental airline travel .
( Holidays on the Moon ?
Not yet , but if you 're a billionaire you can pay for a week in orbit . )
On the other hand , we discovered that we do , in fact , require more than four computers for the entire planet ( as Thomas Watson is alleged to have said ) .
An increasing number of people do n't have telephone lines any more — they rely on a radio network instead .
The flip side of Moore 's Law , which we do n't pay much attention to , is that the cost of electronic components is in deflationary free fall of a kind that would have given a Depression - era economist nightmares .
When we hit the brick wall at the end of the road — when further miniaturization is impossible — things are going to get very bumpy indeed , much as the aerospace industry hit the buffers at the end of the 1960s in North America and elsewhere .
This stuff is n't big and it does n't have to be expensive , as the One Laptop Per Child project is attempting to demonstrate .
Sooner or later there wo n't be a new model to upgrade to every year , the fab lines will have paid for themselves , and the bottom will fall out of the consumer electronics industry , just as it did for the steam locomotive workshops before them .
Before that happens , we 're going to get used to some very disorienting social changes .
Hands up , anyone in the audience , who owns a slide rule ?
Or a set of trigonometric tables ?
Who 's actually used them , for work , in the past year ?
Or decade ?
I think I 've made my point : the pocket calculator and the computer algebra program have effectively driven those tools into obsolescence .
This happened some time between the early 1970s and the late 1980s .
Now we 're about to see a whole bunch of similar and much weirder types of obsolescence .
Right now , Nokia is designing global positioning system receivers into every new mobile phone they plan to sell .
GPS receivers in a phone SIM card have been demonstrated .
GPS is exploding everywhere .
It used to be for navigating battleships ; now it 's in your pocket , along with a moving map .
And GPS is pretty crude — you need open line of sight on the satellites , and the signal 's messed up .
We can do better than this , and we will .
In five years , we 'll all have phones that connect physical locations again , instead of ( or as well as ) people .
And we 'll be raising a generation of kids who do n't know what it is to be lost , to not know where you are and how to get to some desired destination from wherever that is .
Think about that .
" Being lost " has been part of the human experience ever since our hominid ancestors were knuckle - walking around the plains of Africa .
And we 're going to lose it — at least , we 're going to make it as unusual an experience as finding yourself out in public without your underpants .
We 're also in some danger of losing the concepts of privacy , and warping history out of all recognition .
Our concept of privacy relies on the fact that it's hard to discover information about other people .
Today , you 've all got private lives that are not open to me .
Even those of you with blogs , or even lifelogs .
But we 're already seeing some interesting tendencies in the area of attitudes to privacy on the internet among young people , under about 25 ; if they 've grown up with the internet they have no expectation of being able to conceal information about themselves .
They seem to work on the assumption that anything that is known about them will turn up on the net sooner or later , at which point it is trivially searchable .
Now , in this age of rapid , transparent information retrieval , what happens if you 've got a lifelog , registering your precise GPS coordinates and scanning everything around you ?
If you 're updating your whereabouts via a lightweight protocol like Twitter and keeping in touch with friends and associates via a blog ?
It 'd be nice to tie your lifelog into your blog and the rest of your net presence , for your personal convenience .
And at first , it 'll just be the kids who do this — kids who 've grown up with little expectation of or understanding of privacy .
Well , it 'll be the kids and the folks on the Sex Offenders Register who 're forced to lifelog as part of their probation terms , but that 's not our problem .
Okay , it 'll also be people in businesses with directors who want to exercise total control over what their employees are doing , but they do n't have to work there ... yet .
You know something ?
Keeping track of those quaint old laws about personal privacy is going to be really important .
Because in countries with no explicit right to privacy —
I believe the US constitution is mostly silent on the subject — we 're going to end up blurring the boundary between our Second Lives and the first life , the one we live from moment to moment .
We 're time - binding animals and nothing binds time tighter than a cradle to grave recording of our every moment .
The political hazards of lifelogging are , or should be , semi-obvious .
In the short term , we 're going to have to learn to do without a lot of bad laws .
If it 's an offense to pick your nose in public , someone , sooner or later , will write a ' bot to hunt down nose - pickers and refer them to the police .
Or people who put the wrong type of rubbish in the recycling bags .
Or cross the road without using a pedestrian crossing , when there 's no traffic about .
If you dig hard enough , everyone is a criminal .
In the UK , today , there are only about four million public CCTV surveillance cameras ; I 'm asking myself , what is life going to be like when there are , say , four hundred million of them ?
And everything they see is recorded and retained forever , and can be searched retroactively for wrong - doing .
One of the biggest risks we face is that of sleep - walking into a police state , simply by mistaking the ability to monitor everyone for even minute legal infractions for the imperative to do so .
And then there 's history .
History today is patchy .
I never met either of my grandfathers — both of them died before I was born .
One of them I recognize from three photographs ; the other , from two photographs and about a minute of cine film .
Silent , of course .
Going back further , to their parents ... I know nothing of these people beyond names and dates .
( They died thirty years before I was born . )
This century we 're going to learn a lesson about what it means to be unable to forget anything .
And it 's going to go on , and on .
Barring a catastrophic universal collapse of human civilization — which I should note was widely predicted from August 1945 onward , and has n't happened yet — we 're going to be laying down memories in diamond that will outlast our bones , and our civilizations , and our languages .
Sixty kilograms will handily sum up the total history of the human species , up to the year 2000 .
From then on ... we still do n't need much storage , in bulk or mass terms .
There 's no reason not to massively replicate it and ensure that it survives into the deep future .
And with ubiquitous lifelogs , and the internet , and attempts at providing a unified interface to all interesting information — wikipedia , let 's say — we 're going to give future historians a chance to build an annotated , comprehensive history of the entire human race .
Charting the relationships and interactions between everyone who 's ever lived since the dawn of history — or at least , the dawn of the new kind of history that is about to be born this century .
Total history — a term I 'd like to coin , by analogy to total war — is something we have n't experienced yet .
I 'm really not sure what its implications are , but then , I 'm one of the odd primitive shadows just visible at one edge of the archive : I expect to live long enough to be lifelogging , but my first forty or fifty years are going to be very poorly documented , mere gigabytes of text and audio to document decades of experience .
What I can be fairly sure of is that our descendants ' relationship with their history is going to be very different from our own , because they will be able to see it with a level of depth and clarity that nobody has ever experienced before .
Meet your descendants .
They do n't know what it 's like to be involuntarily lost , do n't understand what we mean by the word " privacy " , and will have access ( sooner or later ) to a historical representation of our species that defies understanding .
They live in a world where history has a sharply - drawn start line , and everything they individually do or say will sooner or later be visible to everyone who comes after them , forever .
They are incredibly alien to us .
And yet , these trends are emergent from the current direction of the telecommunications industry , and are likely to become visible as major cultural changes within the next ten to thirty years .
None of them require anything but a linear progression from where we are now , in a direction we 're already going in .
None of them take into account external technological synergies , stuff that 's not obviously predictable like brain / computer interfaces , artificial intelligences , or magic wands .
I 've purposefully ignored discussion of nanotechnology , tissue engineering , stem cells , genomics , proteomics , the future of nuclear power , the future of environmentalism and religion , demographics , our environment , peak oil and our future energy economy , space exploration , and a host of other topics .
The wrap
As projections of a near future go , the one I 've presented in this talk is pretty poor .
In my defense , I 'd like to say that the only thing I can be sure of is that I 'm probably wrong , or at least missing something as big as the internet , or antibiotics .
( I know : driverless cars .
They 're going to redefine our whole concept of personal autonomy .
Once autonomous vehicle technology becomes sufficiently reliable , it 's fairly likely that human drivers will be forbidden , except under very limited conditions .
After all , human drivers are the cause of about 90 % of traffic accidents : recent research shows that in about 80 % of vehicle collisions the driver was distracted in the 3 seconds leading up to the incident .
There 's an inescapable logic to taking the most common point of failure out of the control loop — my freedom to drive should not come at the risk of life and limb to other road users , after all .
But because cars have until now been marketed to us by appealing to our personal autonomy , there are going to be big social changes when we switch over to driverless vehicles .
( Once all on - road cars are driverless , the current restrictions on driving age and status of intoxication will cease to make sense .
Why require a human driver to take an eight year old to school , when the eight year old can travel by themselves ?
Why not let drunks go home , if they 're not controlling the vehicle ?
So the rules over who can direct a car will change .
And shortly thereafter , the whole point of owning your own car — that you can drive it yourself , wherever you want — is going to be subtly undermined by the redefinition of car from an expression of independence to a glorified taxi .
If I was malicious , I 'd suggest that the move to autonomous vehicles will kill the personal automobile market ; but instead I 'll assume that people will still want to own their own four - wheeled living room , even though their relationship with it will change fundamentally .
But I digress ...)
Anyway , this is the future that some of you are building .
It 's not the future you thought you were building , any more than the rocket designers of the 1940s would have recognized a future in which GPS - equipped hobbyists go geocaching at weekends .
But it 's a future that 's taking shape right now , and I 'd like to urge you to think hard about what kind of future you 'd like your descendants — or yourselves — to live in .
Engineers and programmers are the often - anonymous architects of society , and what you do now could make a huge difference to the lives of millions , even billions , of people in decades to come .
Thank you , and good afternoon .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
Most people think of the “ mentally disordered ” as a delusional lot , holding bizarre and irrational ideas about themselves and the world around them .
Is n’t a mental disorder , after all , an impairment or a distortion in thought or perception ?
This is what we tend to think , and for most of modern psychology ’s history , the experts have agreed ; realistic perceptions have been considered essential to good mental health .
More recently , however , research has arisen that challenges this common - sense notion .
In 1988 , psychologists Shelly Taylor and Jonathon Brown published an article making the somewhat disturbing claim that positive self - deception is a normal and beneficial part of most people ’s everyday outlook .
They suggested that average people hold cognitive biases in three key areas : a ) viewing themselves in unrealistically positive terms ; b ) believing they have more control over their environment than they actually do ; and c ) holding views about the future that are more positive than the evidence can justify .
The typical person , it seems , depends on these happy delusions for the self - esteem needed to function through a normal day .
It ’s when the fantasies start to unravel that problems arise .
Consider eating disorders , for instance .
It ’s generally been believed that an unrealistically negative body image is an important factor in the self - abuse that characterizes anorexia and bulimia .
A 2006 study at the University of Maastricht in the Netherlands , however , came to a very different conclusion .
Here , groups of normal and eating disordered women were asked to rate the attractiveness of their own bodies .
They were then photographed from the neck down , and panels of volunteers were brought in to view the photos and rate the women ’s appearances objectively .
The normal women , as it turned out , evaluated themselves much more positively than the panels did , while the self - ratings of the eating disordered women were in close agreement with the objective ratings .
The eating disordered subjects , in other words , had a more realistic body image than the normal women .
However , it is important to note that the study was based upon the broad concept of “ attractiveness ” rather than body weight specifically ⁠⁠— while the eating disordered women may have rated themselves poorly because they felt “ fat , ” their weight was a controlled variable and not the basis of the volunteers ’ assessments .
Studies into clinical depression have yielded similar findings , leading to the development of an intriguing , but still controversial , concept known as depressive realism .
This theory puts forward the notion that depressed individuals actually have more realistic perceptions of their own image , importance , and abilities than the average person .
While it ’s still generally accepted that depressed people can be negatively biased in their interpretation of events and information , depressive realism suggests that they are often merely responding rationally to realities that the average person cheerfully denies .
Lear 's
Fool speaks wisdom disguised as madness
Those with paranoid disorders can sometimes possess a certain unusual insight as well .
It has often been asserted that within every delusional system , there exists a core of truth⁠⁠ — and in their pursuit of imagined conspiracies against them , these individuals often show an exceptionally keen eye for the real thing .
People who interact with them may be taken aback as they find themselves accused of harboring some negative opinion of the person which , secretly , they actually do hold .
Complicating the issue , of course , is the fact that if the supposed aversion did n’t exist before , it likely does after such an unpleasant encounter .
As one might imagine , these issues present some problems when it comes to treatment .
How does one convince a depressed person that “ everything is all right ” when her life really does suck ?
How does one convince an obsessive - compulsive patient to stop religiously washing his hands when the truth of what gets left behind after “ normal ” washing should be enough to make any sane person cringe ?
These problems put therapists in the curious position of teaching patients to develop irrational patterns of thinking ⁠⁠— patterns that help them view the world as a rosier place than it really is .
Counterintuitive as it sounds , it ’s justified because what defines a mental disorder is not unreasonable or illogical thought , but abnormal behaviour that causes significant distress and impairs normal functioning in society .
Treatment is about restoring a person to that level of normal functioning and satisfaction , even if it means building cognitions that are n’t precisely “ rational ” or “ realistic . ”
It ’s a disconcerting concept .
It ’s certainly easier to think of the mentally disordered as lunatics running about with bizarre , inexplicable beliefs than to imagine them coping with a piece of reality that a “ normal ” person ca n’t handle .
The notion that we routinely hide from the truth about ourselves and our world is not an appealing one , though it may help to explain the human tendency to ostracize the abnormal .
Perhaps the reason we are so eager to reject any departure from this fiction we call “ normality ” is because we have grown dependent on our comfortable delusions ; without them , there is nothing to insulate us from the harsh cold of reality .
Published online 20 June 2007 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news070618-11
News
Really ?
A telescope ?
Made from liquid ?
On the Moon ?
Scientists have found a liquid that they say is perfect for building a telescope on the Moon — once we go back there and build a base , of course .
Can you really make a liquid telescope ?
Mirror mirror on the Moon ?
NASA
Sure .
We already have some down here on Earth .
These are usually made from liquid mercury , which makes a lovely parabola shape when spun in a container .
The quicker the container spins , the deeper the parabola .
Liquid mirror telescopes offer a cheaper alternative to glass mirrors because they are easier to make on a large scale , and the surface has fewer imperfections .
" The real advantage of the liquid mirror is its simplicity , " says Ermanno Borra from Laval University , Quebec , Canada .
" Fundamental forces of nature conspire to give the liquid surface the right shape . "
The gravity on the Moon is about one - sixth of that on Earth , so he notes that a liquid mirror there could spin more slowly than on Earth to get the right shape .
So are they going to shoot a load of mercury to the Moon ?
For the chilly , atmosphere - less Moon , Borra 's plan is to instead use a layer of reflective silver on top of a special liquid known as an ionic liquid .
What 's that ?
An ionic liquid is a salt that exists as liquid at room temperature or lower .
Because they are salts , and so made up of positively and negatively charged components , ionic liquids do n't evaporate easily — if a negative ion leaves the system , a positive gap is left , which then sucks the negative ion back into itself .
This is great for the Moon , where the lack of air makes things more prone to evaporation .
Does it work ?
Borra has managed to deposit a layer of silver on top of a millimetre - thick layer of an ionic liquid , creating the mirrored surface he was after .
This is the first time an ionic liquid has been used like this , so the work done so far is just a proof of principle .
And a telescope on the Moon — is that realistic ?
In theory .
NASA 's lunar programme is n't science - driven , but it is science enabling , says Ben Bussey , from the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory and part of a team looking for a suitable place for a lunar base .
" Scientists are thinking about what science they could do once they get to the Moon , " he says .
And the liquid mirror telescope is an excellent example of that kind of project , he adds .
Plenty of other lunar telescopes have been proposed , but Borra says his could be cheaper and better for some purposes .
What would they use it for ?
ADVERTISEMENT
A telescope outside the Earth 's atmosphere is always going to get a better view of things because it does n't have to peer through kilometres of gases that make up that atmosphere .
A telescope on the Moon would be able to stare long and hard at far - off objects — and maybe get some information about the early Universe .
According to Borra , the ionic liquid / silver mirror will be able to give the high optical quality and the large diameter ( they are hoping for between 20 and 100 metres ) needed to see these dim , distant objects .
At the moment the telescope would , however , have to point straight up to keep its shape .
There are plans in the works to make it tiltable .
Will it happen ?
Does Borra think his telescope will be built ?
" I really do , " he says , " but first we have to go back to the Moon . "
Visit our mountforaliquid_teles.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
Mrs. Clinton said her push for a new vote on the war authority did not mean she would oppose whatever new spending measure might emerge from negotiations between Congress and the White House .
But she said she was joining Mr. Byrd in trying to force a new examination of the war in its entirety , rather than simply joust over specific elements of the spending measure .
Talking to reporters after her floor speech in a mostly empty Senate chamber , Mrs. Clinton indicated that her view was that rescinding the original vote would mean that troops would be out as of October .
“ They have no authority to continue , ” she said .
“ That is the point . ”
Later , however , her aides said Mrs. Clinton was not seeking a total withdrawal of troops from Iraq , or a quick pullout that could put troops at risk .
They said she had called for a phased pullout that would leave a reduced American force to pursue terrorist cells in Iraq , support the Kurds and conduct other missions — a position she continued to support , her aides said .
The White House spokeswoman , Dana Perino , said the Clinton - Byrd proposal represented the same sort of artificial timeline that led Mr. Bush to veto the $ 124 billion spending bill on Tuesday .
“ Here we go again , ” she said .
“ The Senate is trying another way to put a surrender date on the calendar .
Welcome to politics ’ 08 - style . ”
The idea of revoking authority for the war has circulated on Capitol Hill for weeks without gaining much ground .
Senator John W. Warner , Republican of Virginia , had raised the idea because the original resolution did not envision the prospect of troops caught in a civil war .
Clinton aides said Thursday that while Mr. Byrd ’s advisers had talked to them this winter about withdrawing authorization , the new plan only came up between the two senators and their staffs earlier in the day .
Moreover , one adviser to Mrs. Clinton said , President Bush ’s veto of the Iraq spending bill had left her believing that new types of pressure were needed to force the White House to adopt an exit strategy .
By Joe Campbell
BBC News
Let me start by declaring an interest : I 've lived in London for 15 years and know the city as well as any local .
But as soon as I open my mouth , it 's obvious that like the most recently arrived Polish plumber , I 'm not from round these parts , as they say in Greater Manchester , where I was born .
Even my four - year - old son can spot it : " It 's glahss - not glass , Daddy , " he helpfully points out .
As the British Library launches its Sounds Familiar website to help a growing number of youngsters studying our linguistic differences , I cannot help but feel a stubborn pride in resisting the rising tide of so - called " Estuary English " that has spread out from London across southern half of the country .
Am I bovvered by its spread ?
Many are .
But perhaps all is not what it seems , says Jonnie Robinson , the man behind a British Library scheme to get a new generation of speakers to contribute to an online collection mapping the way we speak .
" I 'd accepted the line you usually hear that dialects and accents are disappearing , " he says .
" Yes , things are changing as they always will , but the diversity is still as wide as it ever was . "
A house and car and brilliant holidays to Jamaica ...
Hear old and young Devon accents
That accent , and the received pronunciation of the Royals encamped at the other end of Berkshire in Windsor Castle , may be rare .
But in Reading , between these two extremes , there 's a new accent with influences from Commonwealth immigrants from the Caribbean and Indian sub -continent .
" Those cultures are leaving their mark on the language just as the Viking settlers did when they dominated Yorkshire hundreds of years ago , " says Mr Robinson .
LISTEN IN British Library has put 5,500 recordings of accents and dialects online English Language - including study of accents - is fastest growing A - level subject Received pronunciation - or BBC English - is a minority accent spoken by no more than 2 % of people
British accents in the US
" What we 're hearing are wonderful new voices with vowel sounds from places like Jamaica and Asia mixed with more familiar accents .
Take the boxer Amir Khan .
If you close your eyes and listen , it 's obvious he 's an Asian lad .
But at the same time he could n't be from anywhere other than Lancashire . "
Among the first to contribute to the British Library 's new site are from Holy Cross Sixth Form College , just down the road from the gym in Bury in greater Manchester , where the Olympic medal winning boxer used to train .
Say ' bus '
They are among the 35,000 teenagers studying at any one time for an A - level in English language , which involves work on accents and different patterns of speech .
It 's the fastest growing course at that level .
In 'a winter , we like just watch all the lads skateboarding and the like
Hear old and young East Yorkshire accents
" We 've got students from north Manchester right the way up to Rossendale in Lancashire , and many do n't think they 've got an accent - until you ask them to say ' bus ' and straight away you can hear all the different pronunciations . "
And Ms McKelvey , who moved to the area from her native Liverpool 15 years ago , knows just how much accents still mark us all out .
" I was on Bury market at a florists ' stall the other day and the woman was amazed .
' And you come all this way - just to buy your flowers , ' she said . "
More self - aware
Getting people to record their own voices will also overcome another problem researchers into dialects have faced , says Jonnie Robinson .
The middle part is alive with cockroaches
Hear old and young east London accents
" Someone in Newcastle may well say ' baby ' rather than ' bairn ' to an outsider now , because they know they may not be understood otherwise , " he says .
" A Mancunian will say the ' narrow passage between the houses ' rather than use the word ' ginnel ' , even though they 'll still talk like that with friends and people they feel comfortable with . "
The project will also mean the British Library is able to gather samples of how younger people talk - a group historically under - represented in studies into accents - and that may give an insight into how the voice of Britain will change in future .
" I sound a bit like my father , but not the same , " says Yorkshire - born Mr Robinson .
" He sounded a bit like his father - but different too .
We 're all part of this process of change . "
A few minutes into Terry Gilliam 's new film Tideland , a nine - year - old girl cooks some heroin for her dad , who is sitting expectantly in an armchair .
" Daddy 's going on a vacation , " he explains , hunting a vein for the needle .
As he blisses out , his daughter helpfully takes the lighted cigarette from his hands and stubs it out in the ashtray .
Gilliam likes this scene so much that he repeats it as if to underscore how much daddy is addicted to figurative vacations and how his daughter 's domestic chores will never be over until daddy ODs .
The heroin cooking is one of the many scenes that have upset viewers .
Typical was Gilliam 's old Monty Python chum Michael Palin .
" He saw it , and I do n't think he liked it .
He walked straight out of the screening without saying anything .
When I spoke to him later he said : ' I can't get it out of my head .
I 'm still not sure whether it's the best or the worst thing you 've ever done . '
As a reaction , that 's good enough . "
For good measure , Tideland also includes a bedroom scene between a 20 - year - old man with learning difficulties and a little girl ; a rotting corpse that makes one relieved the film does n't come in smell - o- vision ; a harrowing train crash ; the disturbing sequence in which a troubled taxidermist ( played by Janet McTeer ) guts and stuffs the corpse of a former lover and then lays out the mummified remains in a place of honour on the bed .
There is even a talking squirrel , which for some is the most disturbing thing in the picture .
Gilliam describes the film as Alice in Wonderland meets Psycho , which is a nice line for the billboards .
It 's also a fair description of Tideland 's dance between childhood innocence and the degrading tawdriness of adult desire .
Like Lewis Carroll 's novel , it features a little girl plummeting through a rabbit hole into an intensely imagined fantasy world ; like Hitchcock 's film , it includes footage of a bewigged parental corpse in a chair ( an image that Gilliam lingers over longer than Hitchcock would have dared ) .
But the line misses Gilliam 's insistence that this is the most tender film he has ever made .
In recent years Gilliam has embarked on an infamous , abortive attempt to shoot Don Quixote and a game ( but finally misguided ) attempt at a bona - fide blockbuster with The Brothers Grimm .
But Tideland is something completely different .
It tells the story of young Jeliza - Rose , who holes up with her dad , Noah , in an abandoned Texas farmhouse .
After Noah dies ( heroin OD , natch ) , Jeliza - Rose seemingly disappears into a fantasy world in which she talks chiefly to her headless Barbie dolls , romances a disturbed adult and reports home to her dad 's leathery corpse .
The only light relief comes from Jeff Bridges , who plays Noah , a jaded rock 'n ' roller who we see at the film 's outset playing a gig in LA , stoned out of his crust and wearing a leather suit as he belts out an improbable tune about Van Gogh visiting Hollywood .
It 's a reprise of Bridge 's adorable performance as the stoner Dude in The Big Lebowski , and alone worth the price of admission .
" I love Jeff , " says Gilliam .
" I wanted him for Twelve Monkeys , but the studios would n't touch him .
I had to have Bruce Willis instead . "
If those last two paragraphs were a pitch for Hollywood money , Tideland would surely have remained a twinkle in the 65 - year - old film - maker 's eye .
Instead , it has been completed on time within a £ 12 m budget ( quite big for an independent film ) raised largely by Jeremy Thomas , a veteran producer of left - field , even engagingly tonto , cinema .
How on earth did Gilliam get money for this project , particularly given that his last but one project ( The Man Who Killed Don Quixote ) so far has only had one cinematic result - a documentary about how the filming went , in cinematic parlance , catastrophically tits up ?
And , furthermore , that the Minnesotan has such a wild reputation that Warner Bros nixed him as JK Rowling 's first choice to direct Harry Potter in 2000 ?
" Good question , " he laughs as we sit in his Notting Hill production office .
Gilliam , with all due respect , looks a wreck .
There are blood stains on his shirt , one of his feet is bandaged and his writing hand is still strapped up following a gardening accident in which he cut through a tendon while changing a lawnmower blade .
" Look at me , I 'm a disaster ! "
If you were a producer you would give Gilliam not money for a film , but the price of a cup of tea .
" Jeremy knew it would be difficult , particularly because the film is very , very weird .
But he believed in it - it's about a girl in trouble and that 's a universal theme that we can all identify with . "
Reviewers of the novel on which the film is based compared its heroine to Harper Lee 's Scout or Carson McCuller 's Frankie .
Several found traces of William Faulkner 's eccentrically peopled southern fictions .
Nobody so far has found book or film cute .
Gilliam decided to make the film after finding Mitch Cullin 's novel lying on a pile of unread books in his office .
" Mitch had sent it to me asking for a quote .
I happened to pick it up and read it straight off .
My quote ?
You wanna know ?
' Fucking brilliant ! '
( In fact it says just this on the back of the the film tie - in edition of the novel ) .
What did you like about it ?
" It portrays childhood innocence in a recognisable way .
Not in a Hollywood way . "
So she 's not crushed by the twin traumas of her parents ' deaths , but is more resilient than adults might expect ?
" That 's the point .
Adults do n't understand children .
They think of them exclusively as things that need to be protected from everything .
My 12 - year - old son is now afraid to go to the shops in Highgate [ London ] because he 's raised by TV to believe it 's filled with rapists , murderers and muggers .
It is n't .
Hunter Thompson described America as a panicky ship .
Today everywhere is a panicky ship .
If Lewis Carroll and Baden Powell were around today they would be strung up . "
A few years ago , when preparing The Brothers Grimm , he met a German woman who refused to let her young daughter read Grimms ' Fairy Tales because they were disturbing .
" But they 're not disturbing , " counters Gilliam .
" They prepare kids for life . "
Similarly , he contends that in his film Jeliza - Rose 's fantastical imagination helps her carry on , despite being abandoned to the fates before she turns 10 .
" She 's constantly re-imagining and reinventing the world , which for a crusty old man like me , is a wonderful thing .
You steadily lose that imaginative strength as you get older . "
Gilliam is too hard on himself .
He has reinvented Mitch Cullin 's imagined childhood world for the screen in a manner every bit as visually compelling as Brazil , Twelve Monkeys and those few beguiling rushes from his attempt to make a movie out of Cervantes .
Gilliam , incidentally , still has high hopes of returning to the Quixote project : " We 're trying to get the rights back .
If we do , my first call will be to Johnny Depp [ who played a time traveller in the original ] . "
Will Jean Rochefort be prevailed upon to remount Rosinante and play Quixote ?
" Probably not . "
Until then , Tideland provides more than enough food for thought .
Was it really a good idea to get a nine - year - old girl ( the compelling Jodelle Ferland ) to play a scene cooking heroin for her dad ?
Did her mom mind ?
" Her mother was fantastic .
She understood the film .
And Jodelle was cool in the scene .
That said , she did n't really know what she was supposed to be making .
What does heroin mean to a kid ?
I know I 'm pushing buttons but we 're careful to push them in the right way . "
That scene has some unlikely admirers , Giliam adds .
" So many women have come up to me because the situations are like those they remember . "
Are you saying that these women all cooked heroin for their fathers too ?
" That 's not what the scene is about .
It 's about the relationship between father and daughter and how she takes on the burden of looking after him . "
That 's what resonates - the too - early responsibility of a child for their slacker parents ?
" Now you 're getting there . "
The other sequence that , no doubt , will earn Gilliam his own little bit of tabloid controversy is the one in which Jeliza - Rose snogs a 20 - year - old man called Dickens with the mind of a 10 - year - old and they imagine she 's pregnant as a result .
" It 's not a sexual scene , so any paedophile interpretations or Lolita interpretations are going to be wide of the mark , " says Gilliam .
What is it then ?
" What she wants is normalcy - Mrs and Mrs and baby .
It 's a fantasy she picked up from TV .
Something her parents never gave her . "
This is true .
Infinitely more degraded and disturbing than Jeliza - Rose 's fantasyland romance is the fate of the Janet McTeer character , a woman so traumatised by her disappointment in love that she cannot bear anyone or anything to leave ever again .
As a result her home becomes a taxidermy , where every dead animal ( her mother included ) is rebuilt so they never leave her .
Her existence , as a result , becomes a death in life .
By comparison , Jeliza - Rose , twice bereaved and living outside reality , seems positively well adjusted .
Rarely has there been such an unsentimental , unflinching portrayal of a fraught childhood on screen .
" The one thing about children you never really get is that even though they 're innocent , they 're selfish , " says Gilliam .
" Resilient and selfish .
Resilient because selfish .
The little buggers ! "
Indeed , the film 's ending is a marvellous portrait of childish unconcern about proximate human tragedy .
It is , then , not a Saturday night no -brainer .
" Nah , I ca n't do those . "
For which , Mr Gilliam , much thanks .
· Tideland is released on August 11
Yet the Etruscans , whose descendants today live in central Italy , have long been among the great enigmas of antiquity .
Their language , which has never properly been deciphered , was unlike any other in classical Italy .
Their origins have been hotly debated by scholars for centuries .
Genetic research made public at the weekend appears to put the matter beyond doubt , however .
It shows the Etruscans came from the area which is now Turkey - and that the nearest genetic relatives of many of today 's Tuscans and Umbrians are to be found , not in Italy , but around Izmir .
The European Human Genetic Conference in Nice was told on Saturday the results of a study carried out in three parts of Tuscany : the Casentino valley , and two towns , Volterra and Murlo , where important finds have been made of Etruscan remains .
In each area , researchers took DNA samples from men with surnames unique to the district and whose families had lived there for at least three generations .
They then compared their Y chromosomes , which are passed from father to son , with those of other groups in Italy , the Balkans , modern - day Turkey and the Greek island of Lemnos , which linguistic evidence suggests could have links to the Etruscans .
" The DNA samples from Murlo and Volterra are much more highly correlated to those of the eastern peoples than to those of the other inhabitants of [ Italy ] , " said Alberto Piazza of the University of Turin , who presented the research .
" One particular genetic variant , found in the samples from Murlo , was shared only with people from Turkey . "
This year , a similar but less conclusive study that tracked the DNA passed down from mothers to daughters , pointed to a direct genetic input from western Asia .
In 2004 , a team of researchers from Italy and Spain used samples taken from Etruscan burial chambers to establish that the Etruscans were more genetically akin to each other than to contemporary Italians .
The latest findings confirm what was said about the matter almost 2,500 years ago , by the Greek historian Herodotus .
The first traces of Etruscan civilisation in Italy date from about 1200 BC .
About seven and a half centuries later , Herodotus wrote that after the Lydians had undergone a period of severe deprivation in western Anatolia , " their king divided the people into two groups , and made them draw lots , so that the one group should remain and the other leave the country ; he himself was to be the head of those who drew the lot to remain there , and his son , whose name was Tyrrhenus , of those who departed " .
It was a Roman who muddied the waters .
The historian Livy , writing in the first century BC , claimed the Etruscans were from northern Europe .
A few years later , Dionysius of Halicarnassus , a Greek writer living in Rome , came up with the theory that the Etruscans were , on the contrary , indigenous Italians who had always lived in Etruria .
The Lydian empire had by then long since passed into history .
Its inhabitants were said by Herodotus to have been the first people to make use of gold and silver coins and the first to establish shops , rather stalls , from which to trade goods .
They gave the world the saying " as rich as Croesus " - Croesus was their last king .
Herodotus 's story about the drawing of the lots may or may not be true , but the genetic research indicates that some Lydians did , as he wrote , leave their native land and travel , probably via Lemnos , to Italy .
There , they were called " tuscii " in Latin .
The obvious explanation for this has always been their fondness for building tower - like , walled , hilltop towns like those still to be seen scattered across Umbria and Tuscany .
But the latest conclusions may add weight to a rival , apparently more fanciful , theory that links their name to Troy , the " city of towers " and a part of the Lydian empire .
The most likely date for the fall of Troy , as described by Homer , is between 1250 and 1200 BC .
The Etruscans ' contribution to Roman civilisation is still debated .
They provided Rome with some of its early kings , and maybe even its name .
The " fasces " , the bundle of whipping rods around a double - bladed axe that became an emblem of authority for the Romans , was almost certainly of Etruscan origin .
However , not many words in Latin are thought to derive from Etruscan .
An exception is " persona " from " phersu " .
The Etruscans unquestionably created glorious art .
Among their most celebrated works is the so - called Sarcophagus of the Bride and Bridegroom ( or Married Couple ) , which is in a Rome museum .
It shows two people with slightly tip - tilted noses and pixie - like features .
It is known the Etruscans tried to predict the future by reading the patterns of lightning .
It is thought that they introduced the chariot to Italy .
They almost certainly ate good meat .
Tuscany is famed for its beef , particularly that from the Chiana valley , which has been celebrated since classical times .
Another recent genetic study , of " chianina " and three other Tuscan cattle strains , found they were unrelated to Italian breeds .
Yet matches were found in Turkey and the Balkans , along the supposed route of some of ancient Italy 's most enigmatic immigrants .
Timeline
1200 BC First traces of Etruscan civilisation
700BC Etruscans borrow alphabetic writing from Greeks , and become first people in Italy to write
616-579BC
Rome ruled by its first , legendary Etruscan king , Lucius Tarquinius Priscus
550BC Etruscan power at zenith .
Three confederations hold Po valley and coast south of Rome , heartland of southern Tuscany , and western Umbria .
Allied with Carthaginians , Etruscans trade across the Mediterranean
535BC At Alalia , off Corsica , fleet of Carthaginians and Etruscans defeat Greek fleet .
But Carthaginians , not Etruscans , assert control over seas
510BC Last Etruscan king , Lucius Tarquinius Superbus , is expelled from Rome
474BC At Cumae , off Naples , Greek fleet defeats Etruscans , who start to lose grip on area south of Rome
396BC Romans capture Veii , an Etruscan settlement north of Rome ; destruction of settlement marks start of long period in which Romans gradually annex towns of Etruscan heartland .
By start of first century BC , all of Etruria has been absorbed by Rome republic
Irish scientists have isolated a bacterium that can convert a toxic waste product into safe , biodegradable plastic .
This week , scientists Kevin O'Connor and Patrick Ward , of the Department of Industrial Microbiology at University College Dublin , announced that they have discovered a bacterial strain that uses styrene , a toxic byproduct of the polystyrene industry ( which produces Styrofoam , among other things ) , as fuel to make a type of biodegradable plastic , polyhydroxyalkanoate , known as PHA .
Bacteria can live and grow pretty much anywhere , from boiling springs to deep sea , solid rock to stomach acid .
Their versatility is at the heart of countless past successes of the biotech industry as well as current efforts , including several by scientists striving to develop toxin - reducing strains such as oil - eating bacteria .
But O'Connor and Ward 's bacteria go a step further and produce a useful end product .
" Our bacteria detoxify styrene and return it to us as a green plastic , " said O'Connor .
Styrene is found in many types of industrial effluent , and in the United States alone it accounts for 55 million pounds of hazardous waste every year .
It causes lung irritation and muscle weakness , and affects the brain and nervous system in people and animals .
Up to 90,000 workers in the polystyrene industry are potentially exposed to styrene , so a method of disposing of it safely would have health , as well as economic , benefits .
" The current methods of dealing with waste styrene include underground injection , spreading it on land or burning it in incinerators to generate energy , which results in toxic emissions , " said Ward .
" We all use plastics in our everyday lives , from disposable drinking cups to car parts , so millions of tons are made , used and discarded every year .
But the slow rate of degradation of polystyrene means that it can last thousands of years in our environment . "
To tackle the problem , the Irish scientists turned to a species of bacterium , Pseudomonas putida , that occurs naturally in soil and can live on styrene .
They grew it in a bioreactor with styrene as the sole source of carbon and energy .
Their efforts resulted in the isolation of the styrene - eating Pseudomonas putida strain CA - 3 , which converts styrene into the plastic polymer PHA as a stored energy source .
" All of the available styrene was converted into PHA , and thus the process completely removes the pollutant , " said O'Connor .
" The plastic made by the bacteria is an elastic type polymer , which has a wide range of potential industrial and commercial uses such as medical implants , scaffolds for tissue engineering , wound management , drug carriers , plastic coating of cardboard and heat - resistant plastic . "
O'Connor and Ward announced their discovery Sept. 8 at the 155th meeting of the Society for General Microbiology , held at Trinity College Dublin .
" We are working on a small scale at the moment but we are beginning pilot - scale fermentations to look at scaling up the process , " said O'Connor .
In Europe , biotechnology is color - coded : " green " for agriculture , " red " for medicine and " white " for industry .
White biotech is increasingly looked to as a method of saving energy and reducing waste , and the Dublin team hopes that industrial partnerships will help with the development of large - scale processes .
The team members also plan to increase the conversion efficiency of styrene to PHA through genetic engineering .
" I think we 'll see a lot more of this type of technology in the future , " said O'Connor .
" Sustainable development and clean production through white biotechnology is the way forward .
Not only bacteria to clean up the mess we make – as in oil - eating bacteria – but to prevent the mess in the first place . "
Building Blocks for a Tiny World
West Recruits Bacteria Assassins
Booze to Fuel Gadget Batteries
Bad Bacteria Key to Drug Delivery
Read more Technology news
By ANDY DOLAN
Last updated at 16:51 19 June 2007
British job - seekers are being refused work because they do not speak Polish , it has been claimed .
The influx of Eastern European workers means the language is now vital for jobs in agriculture , says MP Malcolm Moss .
His North East Cambridgeshire constituency has seen the arrival of a huge number of migrant workers to pick fruit and vegetables , as well as fill other low - paid jobs in packing and food processing plants .
Scroll down for more
Many of the farms and companies involved rely on local job agencies or gangmasters to supply workers .
Mr Moss told yesterday how a constituent had been denied work at one factory because she did not speak Polish .
" A woman came to my surgery to tell me about her daughter 's experience when she was looking for work , " he said .
" The daughter was aged 18 or 19 and had been to the job centre , where there was little work .
" Instead she was told to try the local factories in person .
" They , in turn told her they did not recruit directly and referred her on to a gangmaster who held the contract to supply the staff . "
Mr Moss added : " This particular gangmaster told the woman , ' If you do n't speak Polish I can't put you on the assembly line , because they all speak Polish .
" They wo n't accept you , and you wo n't be able to communicate with them anyway " .
" This is obvious discrimination .
It is no wonder that youth unemploymentis on the rise . "
Mr Moss , a Tory MP , said the incident was reported to him at a constituency surgery early last year .
He did not remember the woman 's name or the factory involved .
He raised the incident publicly during a House
of Commons debate on the effect of immigration in
Cambridgeshire last week .
Mr Moss said it was indicative of the problems
caused by large - scale immigration in his area .
" It is not just Polish workers " , he said ,
" there are also Estonians , Lithuanians and others .
" Local people can not get jobs in the factories in which historically they worked .
I have tried each and every way to find a solution to the problem .
" Where have the indigenous population gone ?
These are people who do not have cars and cannot travel to find a job , so where are they in the local community ? "
Mr Moss said it was no good arguing that the migrants were only taking the jobs that locals did n't want .
" In my constituency , they are doing jobs that my people did a few years ago .
Let us not kid ourselves - there is displacement . "
He also called for action to tackle gangmasters who exploit Eastern European workers by bringing them to the county , paying them poverty wages , and making them live in crowded accommodation at exorbitant rents .
Figures released last month revealed a massive influx of immigrants to Britain from the former Eastern Bloc since 11 countries including Poland , Estonia and Lithuania , joined the EU in 2004 .
Around 640,000 Eastern Europeans , most of them Poles , have registered to work in Britain .
But the figure could be as high as 800,000 , experts believe , because in most cases the Government keeps no record of the self - employed , spouses or children .
Why Public Schools are Failures to the Best Students
Growing up through the public school system , I can attest that our school system does not bring out the full potential of students .
Not even from the best students either .
Sure , the public school system has a plethora of success stories , however I strongly believe that there are at least an equal number of contradicting stories on how the schools failed individuals , especially gifted and honor students .
Currently in the public school system , the two most important skills that a student learns are memorizing facts and taking standardized tests .
I do n't know about you , but I have never found a job that pays for memorizing facts and taking tests .
I wonder if anyone has ever tried making a career as a contestant on game shows , but I am going way off topic .
The best students in any school are completely and utterly unchallenged by memorizing more facts and taking tests each and every year .
Alternatively , the most valuable skills that a person can have in life is the ability to quickly understand new information and immediately apply it to solve real problems or create new opportunities .
Throughout public schools around the world , this skill is not something that is emphasized enough .
I have seen time and time again , extremely smart students are more concerned studying for good grades than thinking about what they just learned .
As a result , even adults are thinking less about how new ideas , discoveries , and the news are affecting or could affect their lives .
I am convinced that students unconsciously believe that getting good grades in school is risk free , and free thinking in school is taking risks .
When in actuality , the opposite is true .
The more someone is able to creatively think for themselves , the more likely they will find more ways to succeed in life , in work , and in school .
As a result , we are handicapping our children with the current public school system .
We need more people who are capable of creatively thinking for themselves .
Please teach children how to think in addition to their homework !
by Phil for Humanity
on 12/15/2006 Related Articles
» Students Need Individual Attention
» Social Epidemic of Bad Manners and Disrespect
» Why The United Nations is a Useless Failure
Nazi Germany on DVD A New Digital Look into Hitler 's Bunker
For decades , the common assumption was that Hitler spent his final days in a dark , dank hole .
But that 's not entirely accurate .
A new digital reproduction attempts a vivid reconstruction .
Von R. Jay Magill , Jr.
Good work -
And very educational !
I 'm afraid I do n't agree with you , Verdant - Truth .
Hebrew is clear about " little children " involved ; that of " wicked young & vagrant men up to thirty " and stuff like that are only desperate attempts of fundies trying to racionalize this barbarical story by twisting the true sense of the words and their context .
I hope you are not being cheated by those unreliable " expert " preachers .
I think the cartoon is O.K .
This page is about loud , colorful Emacs buffers – whether you like ‘ em or not .
A Wash - Out from Alex
Some people , me ( AlexSchroeder ) for example , dislike the strong colour Emacs uses for font - lock by default .
Some less polite people call this phenomenon “ angry fruit salad ” .
I use the following code in my InitFile to “ wash out ” the colours of the font - lock Faces .
It should bring the colours closer to the colour of the default face .
So that they differ from the default foreground colour only slightly .
‘ font - lock - warning - face ’ , however , remains as bright and outstanding as before .
( defun egoge - wash - out - colour ( colour &optional degree ) " Return a colour string specifying a washed - out version of COLOUR . " ( let ( ( basec ( color- values ( face- attribute ' default : foreground ) ) ) ( col ( color - values colour ) ) ( list nil ) ) ( unless degree ( setq degree 2 ) ) ( while col ( push ( / ( / (+ ( pop col ) (* degree ( pop basec ) ) ) ( 1+ degree ) ) 256 ) list ) ) ( apply ' format " #%02x%02x%02 x " ( nreverse list ) ) ) ) ( defun egoge - wash - out - face ( face &optional degree ) " Make the foreground colour of FACE appear a bit more pale . " ( let ( ( colour ( face - attribute face : foreground ) ) ) ( unless ( eq colour ' unspecified ) ( set - face - attribute face nil : foreground ( egoge - wash - out - colour colour degree ) ) ) ) ) ( defun egoge - find - faces ( regexp ) " Return a list of all faces whose names match REGEXP . " ( delq nil ( mapcar ( lambda ( face ) ( and ( string - match regexp ( symbol - name face ) ) face ) ) ( face- list ) ) ) ) ( defun egoge - wash - out - fontlock - faces ( &optional degree ) ( mapc ( lambda ( elt ) ( egoge - wash - out - face elt degree ) ) ( delq ' font- lock - warning - face ( egoge - find - faces " ^font- lock " ) ) ) ) ( when (> ( length ( defined - colors ) ) 16 ) ( egoge - wash - out - fontlock - faces 2 ) )
Note that you can call ‘ egoge - wash - out - fontlock - faces ’ with a numeric argument .
The higher the argument DEGREE , the more washed out will your font - lock faces appear .
Screenshots
A picture of my Emacs without washed colours ( left ) , with ‘ egoge - wash - out - fontlock - faces ’ called with the argument 1 ( middle ) , and with the argument 2 ( this is what I use ) .
‘ egoge - wash - out - fontlock - faces ’ does not make the faces lighter .
Instead it decreases the difference of the foreground colour between the font - lock faces and the default face .
So it DTRT , if you use an unusual colour , like e. g. Slate Blue .
A Wash - Out ( or In ) from Drew
DoReMi provides commands ( in library Lisp: doremi - frm.el ) that let you wash out the colors used in various faces – ‘ dore mi - face - fg ’ , for instance .
You just type ‘ s ’ , for “ saturation ” , at the prompt .
Decreasing the saturation washes a color out , making it less vibrant ( “ angry ” ) .
( You can do the same thing with frame backgrounds : ‘ doremi-bg ’ . )
If you would like to make such changes generally , to all faces at the same time , you can use command ‘ doremi - all - faces - fg ’ .
If need be , you can then use ‘ dore mi - face - fg ’ to go back and tweak a few faces individually .
DoReMi commands let you change face colors and other properties incrementally , using the arrow keys or mouse wheel , so you can see what you ’re doing as you do it .
Go too far ?
Just go backwards : up / down , until you get just the degree of angriness and fruitiness you like !
Feeling particularly angry or fruity today ?
Or not ?
It only takes a second to adjust all the Emacs faces and backgrounds to your mood …
Have fun !
Note :
1. User option ‘ doremi - wrap - color - flag ’ controls what happens when a color component ( such as saturation ) reaches its maximum or minimum , when you are incrementing or decrementing it .
If non - ‘ nil ’ , then the component goes from max to min , and vice versa .
If ‘ nil ’ , then the component ’s value is pinned at the max or min , without wrapping around .
If you are trying to wash out all face colors at once , then you probably want to set ‘ doremi - wrap - color - flag ’ to ‘ nil ’ before using ‘ doremi- all - faces - fg ’ .
Command ‘ doremi - toggle - wrap - color ’ toggles this user option .
If ‘ doremi - wrap - color - flag ’ is non- ‘ nil ’ , then , as you incrementally change colors , whenever any color gets to one saturation limit ( min or max ) , it cycles round to the other limit ( max or min ) again .
So , after a color becomes completely unsaturated ( washed - out ) , the next incremental change makes it completely saturated .
That ’s fine for changing an individual face , but , when you change all faces simultaneously , some will hit zero saturation before others ( because they were already more washed - out ) , and then pass to complete saturation .
2 . You might be a bit surprised if you wash out a color completely , and then try to resaturate it .
Washing it out completely can change its hue , so when you resaturate , you are resaturating a different hue .
This is due to the algorithm that converts RGB to and from HSV .
– DrewAdams
Ridding Emacs of Colors Entirely
Do n’t want colorization ?
Add the following to your ~/.emacs file .
;; Turn off all colors . ;;
To turn on invoke emacs with -- color=auto .
( if ( not ( assoc ' tty - color - mode default - frame - alist ) ) ( push ( cons ' tty - color - mode ' never ) default - frame - alist ) )
If you decide you want colors for a particular session run :
emacs --color=auto
Note that if all you want is to disable syntax hilighting use instead :
( global - font - lock - mode 0 )
It would be nice to be able to toggle colors off and on dynamically , e.g. to use syntax hilighting to get a quick syntax check .
If you know how to do this please add to this entry .
( I just stick with fundamental - mode nearly all the time , going into a highlighting mode just once in a while .
Doing this , it “ toggles colors dynamically ” , as you ask .
TomBaker )
CategoryFaces CategoryFrames
Pardus'a Göç
TÜBİTAK tarafından yürütülen açık kaynak kodlu işletim sistemi Pardus , gelişimi sürdükçe daha çok kişi ve kurum tarafından tercih ediliyor .
Türkiye 'de bugün itibarıyla 60 bin bilgisayarda Pardus kullanıl ıyor .
Açık kaynak kodlu yazılımlar , güvenlik , makul donanım gereksinimi , lisans ücretlerinden tasarruf , virüs ve casus yazılım yokluğu gibi nedenlerle son yıllarda daha çok tercih edilir hale geldi .
Türkiye 'de TÜBİTAK tarafından yürütülen açık kaynak kodlu işletim sistemi Pardus projesi başlayınca Pardus 'a dolay ısıyla da Linux 'a adeta göç başladı .
TÜBİTAK 'ın tahminlerine göre Türkiye çapında bugün itibarıyla 60 bin bilgisayarda Pardus kullanıl ıyor .
Linux Kullanıcıları Derneği tarafından düzenlenen ve Ortadoğu Teknik Üniversitesi'nde gerçekleşen Linux ve Özgür Yazılım Şenliği 'ndeki " Türkiye Pardus diyor " oturumunda , Türkiye 'de Pardus 'a geçen kurumların başarı öykülerini kendi ağızlarından dinledik .
18 MART'IN YERİ BAŞKA
Pardus projesinde en baştan beri büyük destek veren Çanakkale 18 Mart Üniversitesi'nden Öğretim Görevlisi Necdet Yücel etkinlikte , üniversite kütüphenesindeki ince istemciler ve bağlı oldukları terminal sunucularda Pardus 2007 kullanmaya başladıklarını ve bu çalışma çerçevesinde çalı şanlara eğitimler verildiğini anlattı .
Eğitim müfredatında Pardus 'un yer alması gerektiğini belirten Yücel , bu amaçla Pardus ders kitaplarının yazım işini de kendilerinin üstlenmek istediklerini söyledi .
BSA LINUX'A YÖNELTİYOR
Petrol - İş Sendikası Bilgi İşlem Müdürü Nihat İlter , BSA 'nın verdiği rahats ızl ıkların Linux 'a geçişte önemli rol oynadığı görüşünde .
İlter 'e göre Linux 'a geçişte lisans sorunu önemli rol oynuyor .
Emeğe saygı duydukları için sendikalarında bugüne kadar hep lisanslı yazılımlar kulland ıklarını belirten İlter , Windows 'un sürekli sistem yenileme ihtiyacı gerektirmesinin de Linux 'a kaçı şta büyük önem taşıdığını kaydetti .
BSA yetkililerinin sık sık rahatsız ederek " Kaç tane bilgisayarınız var ? " , " Ne kadar lisanslı yazılımınız var ? " gibi sorular yönelttiğini belirten İlter , " Sanki bu ülkenin insanı değilmişiz gibi muamele ediliyor " dedi .
İlter , Windows işletim sistemine ödenen paranın yurtdışına gittiğini belirterek , yaz ılıma giden paranın ülkede kalması için yerli yazılım olan Pardus 'u tercih ettiklerini söyledi .
' Pardus 'la aynı dili konuşuyoruz '
Linux ve Özgür Yazılım Şenliği'nde Neziroğlu Holding Bilgi İşlem Grubu'ndan Ahmet Ateş , Pardus tecrübelerini anlattı .
8 adet Linux dağıtımını incelediklerini ve yaptıkları testler sonucunda kendileri için en yararlı gördükleri Pardus 'ta karar kıld ıklarını belirten Ateş , " Başarılı bir Linux dağıtımı olmasının yanında , kendi dilimizi konuşan ve kolayca anlaşabileceğimiz bir geliştirici ekibinin olması da bizim Pardus 'a seçmemizde önemli rol oynadı " dedi .
Hurdaya ayrılan bilgisayarlarda bile Pardus çalıştırabildiklerini belirten Ateş , Pardus 'un tercih nedenleri olarak ise şunları gösterdi : Güvenlik , makul donanım gereksinimi , sürücü desteği , virüs ve casus yazılım yokluğu , sistem çökmelerinin az oluşu , çoklu masaüstü desteği , uygulama çokluğu , sahip olma maliyetlerinin düşük olması .
Superonline 'dan Pardus'lu Bilgisayarlar
Superonline , TÜBİTAK Ulusal Elektronik ve Kriptoloji Araştırma Enstitüsü 'nün geliştirdiği Linux tabanlı işletim sistemi Pardus yüklü bilgisayar satışına başladı .
Superonline , 199 , 299 ve 429 Dolardan sattığı üç ayrı modelde Pardus ile birlikte açık kaynak kodlu bir çok uygulamayı da bilgisayar kullan ıcılarına sunuyor .
Superonline , TÜBİTAK Ulusal Elektronik ve Kriptoloji Araştırma Enstitüsü 'nün geliştirdiği Linux tabanlı işletim sistemi Pardus yüklü bilgisayar satışına başladı .
" Türkiye İçin Süper Proje " adıyla kampanya düzenleyen Superonline , 199 , 299 ve 429 Dolardan sattığı üç ayrı modelde Pardus ile birlikte açık kaynak kodlu bir çok uygulamayı da bilgisayar kullan ıcılarına sunuyor .
Kampanya ile ilgili ayrıntılı bilgi
http://superpc.superonline.com/
adresinden alınabiliyor .
Emektar bilgisayarınızla vedalaşmayın !
Microsoft 'un yeni işletim sistemi Windows Vista , 399 Dolar gibi yüksek bir maliyetle gelirken , kullan ıcıların bu işletim sistemini mevcut bilgisayarlarıyla kullanabilmeleri neredeyse imkansız hale geliyor .
2 GB RAM , 256 MB ekran kartı , çift çekirdek işlemci olmadan Vista 'y ı verimli olarak kullanmak güçleştiğinden , Vista kullanmak yeni bir bilgisayar almayı da zorunlu kılıyor .
İşte bu dayatmalar nedeniyle bilgisayar kullan ıcıları mevcut kulland ıkları bilgisayarlarda hiçbir donanım yükseltmesi yapmadan Pardus 'a geçerek , hem yeni bir bilgisayar almanın hem de yüksek lisans maliyetinden kurtulmuş oluyor .
Pardus gibi tüm Linux dağıtımları , düşük donanımlı bilgisayarlarda bile yüksek rand ımanlı çalış ıyor .
Arama önerileri : linux , pardus , özgür yazılım , açık kaynak kodu , Tübitak ,
“ That guy , he ’s in his own world , on his own planet , ” a teammate says of Ramirez .
PHILIP BURKE
Manny Ramirez is a deeply frustrating employee , the kind whose talents are so prodigious that he gets away with skipping meetings , falling asleep on the job , and fraternizing with the competition .
He makes more money than everyone else at the company yet somehow escapes the usual class resentment , and even commands more respect from the wage slaves , who suspect he is secretly one of them , than from his colleagues in business class .
It ’s not that he is anti-establishment , exactly , but in his carefree way he ’s just subversive enough — “ affably apathetic ” is how one of his bosses put it recently — to create headaches for any manager who worries about precedent .
Despite his generous compensation , he is sufficiently ungrateful to let it be known that he would be happier working elsewhere .
He is also , for a man of stature , strangely sensitive , and although his brilliance is accompanied by sloppiness , one criticizes him , as with a wayward teen - ager , at the risk of losing him to bouts of brooding and inaccessibility .
Ramirez , now entering his seventh season with the Boston Red Sox , is the best baseball player to come out of the New York City public - school system since Sandy Koufax , and by many accounts the greatest right - handed hitter of his generation , though attempts to locate him in time and space , as we shall see , inevitably miss the mark .
He is perhaps the closest thing in contemporary professional sports to a folk hero , an unpredictable public figure about whom relatively little is actually known but whose exploits , on and off the field , are recounted endlessly , with each addition punctuated by a shrug and the observation that it ’s just “ Manny being Manny . ”
When I asked his teammate David Ortiz , himself a borderline folk hero , how he would describe Ramirez , he replied , “ As a crazy motherfucker . ”
Then he pointed at my notebook and said , “ You can write it down just like that : ‘ David Ortiz says Manny is a crazy motherfucker . ’
That guy , he ’s in his own world , on his own planet .
Totally different human being than everyone else . ”
Ortiz is not alone in emphasizing that Ramirez ’s originality resonates at the level of species .
Another teammate , Julian Tavarez , recently told a reporter from the Boston Herald , “ There ’s a bunch of humans out here , but to Manny , he ’s the only human . ”
Ramirez , who was born in Santo Domingo in 1972 and moved to the heavily Dominican neighborhood of Washington Heights , in northern Manhattan , when he was thirteen , still spoke little English by the time he was drafted , and he remains a man of few words .
Those words , however , have a way of sounding aphoristic : “ All I need to see is the ball , ” or “ Do what makes you happy . ”
In 1999 , after he ’d established himself as a superstar with the Cleveland Indians , written messages began appearing on the backs of his cleats , like admonitions from a prophet : “ There will be hell to pay ” ; “ Justice will be served ” ; “ Ca n’t we all get along ? ” ; “ Live and let die . ”
Greg Brown , a journeyman minor - league catcher who worked out with Ramirez last winter , said , “ Sometimes I think it ’s Manny ’s world , and we all just exist in it . ”
According to lore , Ramirez has , or had , two Social Security numbers and five active driver ’s licenses — none of which he managed to present to the officer who pulled him over in 1997 for driving with illegally tinted windows and the stereo blasting at earsplitting volume .
“ The cop knew who he was , ” as Sheldon Ocker , the Indians beat reporter for the Akron Beacon Journal , tells it .
“ He said , ‘ Manny , I ’m going to give you a ticket . ’
Manny says , ‘ I do n’t need any tickets , I can give you tickets , ’ and reaches for the glove compartment .
Then he leaves the scene by making an illegal U - turn and he gets another ticket . ”
Ramirez ’s appearance — he styles his hair in dreadlocks , wears a uniform cut for a sumo wrestler , and smiles broadly and indiscriminately — hints at this extracurricular flakiness , and even gives off a whiff of pothead .
( In 2002 , he requested that the song “ Good Times , ” by Styles P , be played over the Fenway Park P.A. system before one of his at - bats , and unsuspecting fans were treated to lyrics such as “ Every day I need a ounce and a half . . . take a blunt , just to ease the pain . . .
I get high , high , high . ” )
During pitching changes at Fenway , he has been known to disappear behind a door in the left - field wall , and on one occasion he nearly missed the resumption of play — an averted transgression that he at one point blamed on his bladder .
In the outfield and on the base paths , Ramirez can seem oafish and clumsy , and many of the baseball - related incidents for which he is best known reflect a chronic absent - mindedness , but I prefer the most Roy Hobbsian anecdote , in which he hits a home run with a broken bat — it was broken before he swung , that is , and he used it anyway because he was fond of it — since it illustrates both his enthusiasm and his preternatural gift for hitting .
He is an intensely serious batter who practices with greater determination than almost any other , but the magic in his swing — minimal stride , maximal weight shift — comes from somewhere within .
He is thick but not big by today ’s standards , about six feet and two hundred pounds , and without the sculpted Hulk Hogan physique that has become the norm , yet only Mark McGwire , Harmon Killebrew , and Babe Ruth hit four hundred and fifty home runs more quickly than Ramirez , and only Lou Gehrig , who , like Ramirez , spent his formative years practicing in Manhattan ’s Highbridge Park , hit more grand slams .
In Boston , where the “ knights of the keyboard , ” in Ted Williams ’s famous formulation , cover baseball the way affairs of state are covered in Washington , Ramirez remains a phenomenon more discussed than understood .
They share sightings , transcribe every utterance , and speculate about the induction speech he ’ll give in Cooperstown circa 2015 .
But for some reason I have not seen it remarked upon that Ramirez chose to name both of his first two sons Manny , Jr .
A running joke in Boston has it that none of Ramirez ’s coaches know when he gets to the ballpark in the morning , because he ’s always there ( if sometimes napping ) when they arrive .
His punctuality does not extend into the off - season , however , the length of which varies depending on whether you ask the team or Ramirez .
Few people affiliated with the Red Sox have a good idea about where he might be or what he ’s up to in the winter months , other than that he tends to visit the Dominican Republic for about a week and always stays in shape .
This year , it turned out , he had a 1967 Lincoln Continental convertible he wanted to sell .
“ Manny Ramirez , you know , good guy , ” Jay Silberman , one of the promoters of the Atlantic City Classic Cars Auction , said on the last weekend in February , while sitting in a makeshift office in the convention center on Miss America Way .
“ But Manny is a space ranger — flies by the seat of his own pants .
When he called , I said , ‘ Manny , is it my imagination or is n’t it spring - training time ? ’ ” The Red Sox had asked pitchers and catchers to report to the team training facility , in Fort Myers , on February 16th , with infielders and outfielders to follow on the 20th , but Ramirez , who had attended the car show once before , merely to browse , evidently thought it might be nice to be there on the auction stand in person .
“ He said , ‘ Oh , yeah , ’ ” Silberman went on .
“ He said , ‘ No , I ’ll just fly in , go back .
I ’ll get a private jet , come in , and leave . ’
But , apparently , what I did n’t know was that he told the Red Sox that someone was ill . ”
A great , lower cost alternative to cloisonne pins .
Each lapel pin is struck into high grade brass , filled with soft enamel colors and plated with either 24kt gold or silver plate .
Free Pantone color m...
$ 1.38 - $ 2.26
Christian leader : Vitter a setback for the movement Michael Roston
Published : Friday July 20 , 2007 Print This Email This Sitting for an interview with Newsweek , an Evangelical Christian leader acknowledged that Louisiana Republican Senator David Vitter 's admission that he had been a client of ' DC Madam ' Deborah Jeane Palfrey would be a setback for the Christian political movement in the United States .
" It sets it back , " said Michael Cromartie , vice president of the Ethics and Public Policy Center , when interviewer Susannah Meadows asked him if Vitter 's admitted visits to prostitutes would harm the political strength of the evangelical movement .
" There are people who are pouring their lives into caring for the sick and the dying .
They dont get the attention .
They see this stuff and put their head into their hands . "
However , Cromartie tried to sound an optimistic tone .
" But the message transcends the messenger and the message is more important than the periodic mistakes and hypocrisy of the leaders , " he said .
The practicing evangelical said he hoped Vitter 's travails would make him more modest .
" This will surely change his posture and tone in a good way , " he said .
" It will make him a little more modest and humble .
Hell learn to say , ' These are the things I m committed to , ' but do it in a way that s less cocky and sure of himself .
A little more modesty is a good thing , especially among politicians . "
Still , Cromartie echoed one part of Vitter 's defense by pinning some blame on the media for what he saw as blowing up the meaning of one politician 's personal foibles .
" Weve seen a lot of counterfeit people , " Cromartie argued .
" And a lot of those people get promoted .
And that s embarrassing .
The medias problem is you baptize someone to be the spokesperson for a group that the group had not , and would not , have chosen .
The media has made Pat Robertson more powerful than he is .
His periodic odd theological comments make for good copy . "
Meadows ' full interview with Cromartie can be read at this link .
Now this Readymix logo in the Australian desert is big .
Really big .2
It ’s 3.2 km across , and 1.6 km high – and come to think of it , it ’s been there since 1965 , so probably qualifies as the first logo visible from space , and it ’s possible that this was the first logo constructed specifically for that purpose too .
Digg that Diggers 😀
1 ) It is however an excellent example of big business beginning to try to cash in on the online satellite imagery phenomenon .
However I seriously doubt that the image will ever appear on Google Earth or Maps , as to the best of my knowledge , Google do n’t currently buy any imagery from GeoEye , the only company who have definitely captured a photo of the giant KFC logo .
2 ) However , even the Readymix writing is nowhere near the world ’s largest text .
Thanks to the ( ever awesome ) Keyhole users .
NEW YORK ( Hollywood Reporter ) - YouTube has removed clips of Michael Moore ’s U.S. health - care expose “ Sicko ” that appeared on the site during the weekend , two weeks before the film ’s June 29 opening .
Director Michael Moore introduces his new documentary " Sicko " to the audience during its premiere at the Bellaire Theater in the northern town of Bellaire , Michigan , June 16 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
A 124 - minute version of “ Sicko ” was available on the Google Inc. - owned Web site , posted by at least two users in 14 consecutive video chunks .
The postings came on the heels of a fairly high - quality pirated version of the film that became available last week via BitTorrent file - sharing software and peer - to - peer Web sites .
By early Monday , the clips had been pulled from YouTube because of copyright complaints by Lionsgate , which is distributing the film domestically for the Weinstein Co .
One version uploaded to YouTube during the weekend received 500 - 600 views per segment , with one of the first segments garnering nearly 1,700 views .
Another version uploaded Saturday had 200-300 views per segment , with the first 10 minutes receiving more than 1,200 views .
The entire film also recently was uploaded , and then removed , from a site found on the Google Video search engine .
The Weinstein Co. is distributing the $ 9 million documentary through Lionsgate but handling all marketing and other costs not related to theatrical distribution .
UPLOADERS SOUGHT
A Weinstein Co. source said that the company has hired several firms that specialize in dealing with piracy and is taking “ a very aggressive approach to protecting the film . ”
“ Every DVD screener that comes from the Weinstein Co. is watermarked and traceable , ” Weinstein Co. general counsel Peter Hurwitz said .
“ We are actively investigating who illegally uploaded ‘ Sicko ’ to the Internet , and we will take appropriate action against that person (s ) . ”
Slideshow ( 2 images )
One source close to the situation said that anti-piracy firms were flooding the Internet with false versions of the film , much as the record industry has with songs .
“ We are actively investigating those who illegally uploaded ‘ Sicko ’ to the Internet , and we will take the strongest possible legal action , ” Hurwitz said .
The company declined comment about whether it will seek legal action against YouTube for allowing the uploads .
In March , Magnolia Pictures subpoenaed YouTube to obtain the identities of users who uploaded such films as “ The Host ” and “ Jesus Camp . ” 20th Century
Fox did the same thing after users uploaded episodes of “ 24 ” and “ The Simpsons . ”
“ We cooperate with copyright - holders to identify and promptly remove infringing content , ” a YouTube spokesperson said .
“ In this case , the copyright owners used our content - management tools to request removal of the unauthorized clips , and we quickly complied . ”
The spokesperson said that users still can watch previews of “ Sicko ” and interviews with Moore on the film ’s authorized YouTube channel , SickoTheMovie .
How the leak of a version apparently taken from a DVD copy will affect the film ’s theatrical box - office remains unclear .
Moore ’s documentary “ Fahrenheit 9/11 ” was widely bootlegged and available in a pirated version online around its June 2004 opening but went on to earn $ 119 million at the domestic box office .
Hurwitz said that “ we at the Weinstein Co. are outraged by illegal piracy .
Protecting our product and the creative artists involved is our highest priority . ”
Is Moore concerned ?
He reiterated his stance this weekend that he disapproves of copyright laws .
“ I think the music industry ’s response to Napster was misguided ... and for me , it ’s about getting people to see the movie and that ’s what I want , so they will talk about it , ” Moore recently told Brandweek magazine .
“ I would never want to prosecute anybody who would download ( his film ) . ”
Reuters / Hollywood Reporter
Vick case sheds light on dark world of dogfighting
No matter how Michael Vick 's indictment on charges of operating a dogfighting ring is resolved in court , allegations against the NFL star have forced mainstream America to confront the grisly image of canine death matches .
Law enforcement and animal - protection advocates who have participated in raids on the type of enterprises that the Atlanta Falcons quarterback and three other men are accused of running say the reality of the dogfighting underworld is even worse than most people can imagine .
They say seized dogs inevitably are euthanized , the plywood walls of the typical fighting ring are splattered with blood , and cruelty shrouds every aspect of the dog 's life .
" When you go to where these fights have happened , you 'll find a couple of dog corpses or a pit full of blood , " says Mack Dickinson , a Louisiana state trooper who heads that state 's dogfighting investigations .
" We 'll open up their kennels , where they 'll put dogs after they 've fought , and they 'll have blood all over the walls . "
Diane Jessup , a former Washington state animal control officer , says , " With dogs that do n't win , it 's not uncommon for them to be electrocuted , shot , hung or burned . "
But what troubles her even more is " the way the dogs are maintained , kept out in the mud on a short chain , a lifetime of that .
To me , that 's crueler than the fighting . "
VIDEO : Coverage from Gannett station WXIA - TV in Atlanta
Kathryn Destreza , who as director of humane law enforcement for the Louisiana SPCA has been on about 30 raids in the last three years , says the animals ' owners " will file the dog 's canine teeth into a sharp point , or they 'll put ground - up glass in their fur " before a fight .
At some raids where spectators have fled into the woods as police invaded , Destreza says , abandoned toddler - sized chairs and nearby milk and cookies suggest some people consider dogfighting family entertainment .
More often , law enforcement officials say , the sweeps net drugs , weapons and gambling money .
Of the 65 dogfighting arrests he 's made in the last five years , Sgt. David Hunt of the Franklin County ( Ohio ) Sheriff 's Office says , " There 's only been one where we did n't find drugs . "
Hunt testified before Congress last year at a hearing that led to legislation making dogfighting a federal felony .
That , Hunt says , has increased the efforts of federal law enforcement .
Practice growing in cities
Vick 's indictment was handed up Tuesday in Richmond , Va. , in federal district court .
He faces charges of transporting fighting dogs across state lines and engaging in dogfighting .
Conviction could mean a six - year prison term and a $ 350,000 fine .
Vick and the three other men are scheduled to have a bond hearing and arraignment July 26 , the day the Falcons begin training camp .
After a meeting involving NFL commissioner Roger Goodell and the Falcons , the league will let Vick keep playing , the Associated Press reported .
The AP reported that a person with knowledge of the meeting , who requested anonymity so the case would not be influenced , said the NFL would stick to that position for the foreseeable future , despite its new personal - conduct policy .
Vick 's case does n't include drug or weapon charges , but Hunt says it is a " textbook example " of how law enforcement often stumbles into a dogfighting investigation .
In Vick 's case , a drug - related investigation by local police of a Vick family member took place at the Surry County , Va. , property owned by Vick .
Law enforcement took note of the presence of numerous dogs , further searches were conducted and 55 pit bulls were seized .
Eric Sakach , West Coast regional office director for the Humane Society of the United States , has been investigating dogfighting for about 30 years and estimates 40,000 people may be involved in the blood sport nationwide .
Dogfighting traditionally is associated with rural settings , but Sakach says the biggest growth is at the " street level , " in cities .
Hunt agrees , saying at a recent seminar with Chicago police that he was told gangs are increasingly engaging in dogfighting .
" Instead of those guys getting in a fight and police getting called , they 'll fight their dogs instead , " Hunt says .
Typically , dogfighting cases are not resolved quickly in court .
One of the most publicized cases in recent years goes to trial next month — 2 years and 5 months after the alleged breeding center of Floyd Boudreaux and his son Guy in Broussard , La. , was raided .
Louisiana state trooper Dickinson led that raid in March 2005 and alleges that Boudreaux - bred pit bull puppies sell for as much as $ 5,000 .
Dickinson also says he has raided two dogfighting operations in the last week but rarely is able to break up events in mid-fight .
" They never disclose the location until an hour or two before , " Dickinson says .
" It may be in a field or a warehouse .
They might fight four dogs , then go to another location . "
During the 20 - some raids he has conducted the last three years , Dickinson says , " We 've seized AK - 47s , explosive devices , a kilo of crack .
The drugs and weapons associated with this sport are unbelievable . "
Until Vick 's indictment , perhaps the most prominent dogfighting case involved the New York state prosecution of James Fricchione , known to authorities as the " Al Capone " of dogfighting .
Former Orange County prosecutor David Hoovler described the 2003 raid on Fricchione 's property as entering a " Spartacus for puppies " where authorities found 18 animals .
Many were severely wounded .
The compound included treadmills where dogs were trained for stamina , a fighting ring and an electrocution chamber .
Fricchione was later convicted of animal cruelty charges and sentenced to between two and seven years in prison .
Three years after the conviction , Hoovler , now a federal prosecutor , still remembers the scene he encountered April 23 , 2003 .
He says one of the 18 dogs was missing half of a jaw and another suffered from about 70 open wounds .
Still another had scar tissue covering about 75 % of its body .
At least 13 of the 18 animals were injured .
" I had been to a number of murder scenes , " Hoovler says , " but I was appalled . "
Fricchione 's
The Sporting Dog Journal was considered the ultimate authority on dogfighting and was circulated to about 3,000 subscribers .
Police say copies of the magazine commonly are found at raid sites because it tracked breeding lines and performances in 1,500 - 2,000 fights a year .
Fight sites ' more organized '
Another major conviction came in November 2004 in Charleston County , S.C. , when David Tant received a 40 - year sentence after at least 40 pit bulls were seized on his property .
That investigation began after a state surveyor tripped a booby - trapped shotgun on Tant 's property and was shot , according to Mark Plowden , spokesman for the South Carolina attorney general 's office .
Tant was regarded as one of the world 's top breeders of fighting dogs .
" His name has been found in underground publications as far away as eastern Germany , " Plowden says .
Plowden says South Carolina formed a task force on dogfighting in 2003 only after the SPCA made a presentation to Attorney General Henry McMaster .
" People are just generally unfamiliar with the extent of the problem , " Plowden says .
Sandy Christiansen , president of the Spartanburg ( S.C. )
Humane Society , consults with law enforcement in several states , has been on about 30 dogfighting raids and also has served as an expert government witness at trials .
" Increasingly , they 're getting more and more secure , " Christiansen says of those who stage dogfights .
" Recently I 've heard they 'll take away cellphones and they may not allow people to come and go .
We 're definitely talking about more organized people . "
The typical fighting ring , Christiansen says , is a 16 - foot square of plywood , with a 2 - to 3 - foot - high wall .
" The fight is anywhere you can put the pit , " Christiansen says .
" Inside abandoned houses , a basement .
For a garage , it 's simple — just black out the windows . "
Christiansen says it 's up to communities to develop awareness of what might be happening in those hidden battlegrounds .
" You 've got to have a pretty violent streak in you to sit and watch man 's best friend rip another one to shreds so someone can make money , " he says .
Contributing : Kevin Johnson
Reading Time : < 1 minute
At Freshtechnology .net we review the latest gadgets .
We put these gadgets to the test and help you decide whether to buy them or not .
Some of the gadgets we have recently reviewed :
Have you seen a gadget which you would like us to review ?
Please contact us and we will try to review it as soon as possible .
Caption
KLM Flight 9165 from Amsterdam to Dubai , cruising at FL350 , seen from 1000 ft above .
Maybe the largest trails I 've ever seen ...
This B747 , named ' Wilbur Wright ' , will be replaced December this year by a 747-400 ER freighter
A white moose was sighted in the forest of Østfold , Norway .
Naturally , some Norwegians want to shoot it :
" It is surely entertaining to have an albino moose wandering in the woods but in purely breeding terms it is not right to let it live , " Morten Brommdal , manager of the animal section at the Institute for Molecular Bioscience at the University of Oslo told Moss Avis .
" That so many people want the white moose to live is an emotional issue .
It is exciting to have such a rarity rustling around .
But if it is spared we risk the moose 's breeding qualities spreading .
Soon we might two , three , four or five albino moose in these wooded areas , something which in the long run can weaken the herd , " said Brommdal , who pointed out that an albino moose is really a kind of ' mistake ' .
There are no 100 percent guarantees when it comes to any single style of parenting .
Every child has his / her unique personality and needs .
The foundations for reality discipline are based on really knowing and understanding your child .
Here are some ideas and concepts that may help .
By Julie Baumgardner
Your child reaches for a candy bar at the checkout counter and you tell him , “ No . ” He proceeds to throw a tantrum .
Do you – plead with him to stop , step over him and walk away or buy him the candy bar so he will stop embarrassing you in public ?
Your child looks at you with disgust , rolls her eyes and says , “ You ca n’t tell me what to do ” and turns on the television to tune you out .
Do you – send her to her room , leave the room for a minute to get yourself together in preparation for dealing with the situation , or ignore the behavior ?
It is 7:00 a.m .
You go in to wake your son for the third time .
He growls at you and refuses to get up .
Do you – go in and physically get him out of the bed , turn up the radio so loud he can’t possible sleep through it or remove yourself from the situation and let him sleep ?
If you are a parent , you have probably encountered at least one of these situations and have been confused about the best way to discipline your children .
According to Dr. Kevin Leman , author and parenting expert , we have arrived at a place in history where American families have become child - centered .
American parents have become permissive and democratic and American children have become spoiled , sassy and out of control .
In response to each of the situations above , Dr. Leman would say that all of these children need a healthy dose of “ reality discipline . ”
Many of today ’s popular sitcoms and commercials portray children in adult roles with little respect for their parents .
The parents on the other hand are shown as ignorant , out of touch with the culture , dumb and not smart enough to raise a child .
Innocent and comical as it may appear , this role reversal seems to encourage children to be disrespectful to their parents and other adults , discounting their authority and understanding about life issues .
If a child wants to do something and their parents say no , they just sneak around their backs and do it anyway .
Instead of earning money to buy new shoes , many teens believe their parents should foot the bill .
The idea of doing chores around the house without being paid is often referred to by many young people as unfair and beyond the call of duty .
Dr. Leman believes that allowing young people to operate in this manner is not preparing them for the real world .
“ There are certain realities by which children are going to have to live their adult lives , ” said Dr. Leman .
“ The sooner we , as parents , start teaching what I refer to as the rules of the game the better . ”
Six Rules to Raise Your Children By
Rule One :
You ’re never going to be the center of everyone ’s attention — not for long at least .
This means that children should not be the center of attention in their families .
Parents should be the center of attention .
Rule Two : Everyone must obey a higher authority .
Therefore , parents should expect children to obey , not hope that they will obey .
Rule Three : Everyone is expected to be a contributing member of society .
Too many children constantly take from their families without ever giving back .
Dr. Leman suggests parents ask themselves if their children are ever expected to perform routine chores around the home for which they are not paid .
The only acceptable answer is yes .
Rule Four : Everyone is responsible for his or her own behavior .
A child who does something bad ought to feel bad about it .
Too often parents feel bad when a child does something wrong .
Why should a child accept responsibility for his own behavior if someone else does it for him ?
Rule Five :
You ca n’t always get what you want and what you do get , you get by working and waiting .
Children should receive the things they need and a conservative amount of the things they want .
More children need to hear the word “ No ! ”
Rule Six :
You experience happiness , which is the elixir of success , in direct proportion to how sensitive to and considerate you are of others .
Self - centeredness and unhappiness go hand in hand .
Applying the Six Rules Using Reality Discipline
Although most parents can see value in raising their children by these rules , the real challenge comes in trying to put them into action .
In his book , Making Children Mind Without Losing Yours , Dr. Leman gives parents specific ways to use their authority correctly as they bring up obedient children with loving discipline .
It is called reality discipline .
The key to reality discipline lies in the answers to these three questions :
How do I love my children ?
How do I respect my children ?
How do I hold my children accountable ?
“ In order for reality discipline to work the first thing that must happen is the child must feel loved , ” said Dr. Leman .
“ Reality discipline uses guidance and action - oriented techniques .
Action - oriented discipline is based on the reality that there are times when you have to pull the rug out and let the little buzzards tumble .
I mean disciplining your children in such a way that he / she accepts responsibility and learns accountability for his actions .
Children expect adults to discipline them .
If the discipline is loving , it will be geared toward instruction , teaching and guiding . ”
Finding A Middle Ground
It takes time to raise a child to be a responsible citizen .
Dr. Leman believes there are far too many households in America where children do not feel loved .
Many parents have either chosen to parent from an authoritarian or permissive stance .
The authoritarian parent : makes all decisions for the child , uses reward and punishment to control their child ’s behavior , sees himself as better than the child and runs the home with an iron hand , granting little freedom to the child .
The permissive parent on the other hand , is a slave to the child ; places priority on the child , not on his / her spouse ; robs the child of self - respect and self - confidence by doing things for him that the child can do for himself ; provides the child with the “ Disneyland ” experience ; and / or makes things as easy as possible with inconsistent parenting .
Both of these parenting styles set the stage for anger and rebellion in the child .
“ I believe there is middle ground between authoritarian and permissive , ” said Dr. Leman .
“ It is being authoritative .
Authoritative parents do not dominate their children and make all decisions for them .
They use the principles of reality discipline , which are tailor - made to give children the loving correction and training they need . ”
Parents who use this approach :
give the child choices and formulate guidelines with him / her ;
provide the child with decision making opportunities ;
develop consistent loving discipline ;
hold the child accountable ;
let reality be the teacher and convey respect , self - worth and love to the child and therefore enhance the child ’s self - esteem .
Authoritative discipline involves at least three things :
Discipline by way of action – the discipline should be swift , direct , effective and as closely tied to the violations as possible .
For example , you have told your child it is time to get in bed .
Your child is blocking with all kinds of stalling tactics .
Reality Discipline says that you do n’t argue or negotiate .
You simply state – “ If you do n’t go to bed on time your bedtime will be even earlier for the next three nights . ” or “ Do n’t go to bed on time and give up your favorite TV show for a week . ”
Be pleasant , but do not wavier or hesitate and make sure you follow through on exactly what you said you would do .
Parents must listen to their children –
There is great power in listening , but few of us tap that source of power .
When you really listen to your children it helps you understand where they are coming from and what they are thinking .
It allows you to make better decisions when it comes to disciplining .
Parents should give themselves to their children – Giving of yourself ( not things ) to your children is an essential ingredient for effective discipline .
The simple truth is children want their parents .
They want our time .
Understanding Your Child ’s Reality
According to Dr Leman , Reality Discipline has an “ eye of the beholder ” element .
One of your major goals in using this type of discipline is to help your child think and learn .
In order to be successful , you have to understand what reality is for your child .
It is what your child thinks that counts .
Your child ’s reality includes extra-curricular activities , favorite television shows , privileges like staying up late , etc .
Your child ’s perception of what is happening is the reality you must deal with .
For example if you find your child throwing a temper tantrum in the check out line , understand that their goal is to get your attention and ultimately for you to break down and buy the candy bar .
Dr. Leman would suggest that you calmly step OVER the child and walk away - not out of viewing range , but far enough away that you are no longer an audience for the show .
When there is no audience , the show stops .
What sets Reality Discipline apart ?
Reality Discipline has distinctive characteristics that need to be practiced in every home where children live , claims Dr. Leman .
“ Parents should never seek to punish , but to discipline , train and teach , ” said Dr. Leman .
“ If ‘ punishment , ’ pain or some kind of consequence is involved , the parent is not doing it or causing it – reality is .
This directly connects to the six rules and learning how the real world works .
If your child is refusing to get up and go to school stop being the human alarm clock and let them face the consequences of being late to school .
Reality discipline helps parents avoid inconsistent wondering between authoritarianism and permissiveness .
It is the best system for teaching accountability and responsibility in a way that it will stick and it is your best bet for avoiding what I call the Super Parent Syndrome . ”
Avoid the Super Parent Syndrome
Even when parents are using the reality discipline concept , it is possible to fall into the trap of being a “ super parent . ”
Dr. Leman believes there are four kinds of faulty reasoning that parents need to avoid :
I own my children – Reality discipline reminds parents that the goal is not to own or keep children , it is to help them learn to be responsible and accountable persons in their own right .
I am judge and jury – Although we have authority over our children , we should always use it with tender , loving fairness .
My children can’t fail – Children should fail on occasion because failure is good for them .
Home should be a place where children can learn more about themselves .
It should be a place where children can make mistakes as they try out things they have decided on their own .
Parents should not interpret their child ’s failures as a direct reflection on them .
I am the boss - what I say goes .
There are many situations where a parent knows what a child should do because the parent has been down that road before , but reality discipline helps you guide your child , not dominate him and make decisions for him .
What Reality Disciplinarians Do
Your mission , should you choose to accept it as reality disciplinarian includes :
Being consistent , decisive and respectful of your children as persons .
Using guidance rather than force , but being action oriented and not satisfied to just use words .
Holding your children accountable for their actions whatever those actions are and to help your children learn from experience .
Realizing that you as the parents of your children , are the most important teachers your children can ever have .
There are no 100 percent guarantees when it comes to any single style of parenting .
Every child has his / her unique personality and needs .
The foundations for reality discipline are based on really knowing and understanding your child .
Will the strategies work all the time ?
No .
Will there be times when you are ready to throw up your hands in total frustration and resign from your job as parent ?
Probably .
But , if your goal is to raise healthy , responsible children the best strategy is to keep working your discipline plan .
Julie Baumgardner is the Executive Director of First Things First , an organization dedicated to strengthening marriages and families through education , collaboration and mobilization .
She can be reached at : julieb at firstthings dot org .
Louis Theroux , left , with Gramps on the right
They call themselves the most hated family in the US and they picket funerals of soldiers killed in Iraq .
So what did Louis Theroux make of the Phelpses after three weeks ?
In any country , let alone one as patriotic as the US , few actions are as provocative as protesting at a soldier 's funeral .
The Phelps family pickets mourners across the country , to mark what it describes as God 's revenge on the US for tolerating homosexuality .
Their actions are in the name of the Westboro Baptist Church , which numbers 71 and is headed by " Gramps " , preacher Fred Phelps .
The church , which is based in Topeka , Kansas , mostly comprises his extended family .
Louis Theroux , himself no stranger to people with unconventional views , says the Phelpses are the most extreme people he has ever met .
But in the following interview , he reveals how three weeks with them left him perplexed by their motivation .
The Magazine : How well known are they in the US ?
Louis Theroux :
They 're well known because of these pickets which they 've been doing for at least 15 years now .
The pickets were n't always of soldiers ' funerals , but it got more extreme as it went on .
Originally it started as pickets of places where gay people congregated - a local park becoming a cruising area which they objected to , and then when Aids came along they said it was punishment for homosexuality and they began picketing Gay Pride parades and marches and also then the funerals of people who died of Aids .
And they did n't originally use offensive words like " fag " .
They would say " homosexuality " , but then it just escalated .
You say that in America the media tries not to give them the coverage , but are n't you just giving them a voice over here ?
If a gay person goes along to talk to them outside the church , they would n't humiliate them or be rude , they 'd shake their hand
Louis Theroux
Hate group targeted by lawmakers Viewers will have to see the show and judge for themselves how these people come across .
Certainly this group view it as a platform and that 's why they agreed to do the show .
But I think what we did was something more than that .
What we did , I think , was try to understand how a group like this operates ; its group psychology , the way the beliefs are passed down the family , and how those beliefs can be held by very urbane , intelligent , professional people .
So when you cover a group like this , you take a gamble that you will be able to get under its skin and reveal something about it , and something about us all as people , and I think we managed to do that .
They do n't separate their children from the real world either , do they ?
They go to school ; you can have normal conversations with these people .
They 're intelligent , high achieving , have good jobs , and they 're kind , for the most part , when they 're not on pickets .
They 're easy to communicate with and deal with too .
It 's just this one area - their pickets .
They will even - so I 'm given to understand and I have no reason to doubt it - work alongside gay people very happily in the work place .
If a gay person goes along to talk to them outside the church or if a gay person even turned up to the church to attend a service , they would n't humiliate them or be rude to them ; they 'd shake their hand and welcome them in .
Do all the children follow this Church ?
Gramps , the pastor , who 's the head of the whole ministry , he 's had about 13 children .
But four fell away .
You could say that for only four to fall away shows that you can escape from it but then you can also say how amazing that nine of them stayed in it .
That there are 71 of them in total is a testament to how powerful an effect your upbringing has on you .
Are the ones who left , ostracised from the whole family now ?
Yes .
Once you leave , that 's it , there 's no going back and if you 're still in the group you 're not allowed to " fellowship " with an ex-member .
That 's a no - no .
They 're relatively " normal " apart from this obsession with the pickets ?
Some of the girls look All - American Louis : Yes .
In some ways they 're a model family .
All these things that you associate with the breakdown of families , like the dad 's gone to the pub all the time or they just watch TV and the parents do n't talk to the kids , well you can't put that on this family .
They spend all their recreational time together and they all look out for each other .
They do n't really have friends outside the church because all their best friends are in the church .
It 's important to recognise the good qualities of the family as it helps explain why so many of them have stayed in it and embraced the hateful stuff .
Were there any other aspects of the family that intrigued you ?
Louis : I first saw the family through reading about them and on their website but now , having met them , the most incongruous thing about them is how they look .
What I mean is , for example , many of the women are these nice - looking young ladies whose beliefs are so old - fashioned in some ways so you'd think they 're kind of like the Amish or something and wear head dresses and long skirts and dirndls .
Instead , they 're all wearing shorts and T - shirts .
They 're all - American girls with long hair and good teeth and looking tanned and relaxed , playing volleyball and laughing and joking around and that is , for me , a totally new kind of experience .
Dealing with these people with , like , Palaeolithic beliefs but hearing them coming from fresh - faced teenagers and women who you think you 'd run into at the mall .
Is n't what they 're doing just the ultimate in free speech and democracy ?
Well yes , in the sense that they have a right to their beliefs .
Although I do n't think they have a right to invade someone 's funeral , they have a right to hold their signs on street corners .
I do n't think they should be stopped from doing that .
I still think it 's a pretty weird thing to do and quite a horrible one .
What else do you tackle in the film ?
What we 're trying to do in the documentary is look at an activity that is so antisocial , so strange , so futile and at its worst , so cruel , and we 're saying " Why ?
Why do that ? " , especially when you seem to be , for the most part , kind and sensitive people .
We 're exploring what is cruelty , trying to explain how something that really does very often just amount to cruelty could be perpetuated and passed down in a family .
Why would nice people do such horrible things ?
Do you think you 've come to an answer ?
Yes , I think we do .
I think that the pastor is not a very nice person .
I think he's an angry person who 's twisted the Bible and picked and chosen verses that support his anger , that sort of justify his anger , and he 's instilled that in his children and they 've passed it on to their children .
Although the second and third generation are by and large quite nice people from what I saw , they still live under the influence of their Gramps .
Apart from their hateful protests , Theroux found them to be quite kind
It shows you what strange avenues the religious impulse can take you down .
I think another part of the answer is that parts of the Christian Bible are pretty weird .
There 's a lot of weird stuff in there and when you take that and you add this angry , domineering kind of a father figure , which is Gramps , and you add that he has sort of separated them off from other people , other families and driven them to achieve a lot , and he was kind of a charismatic guy , and still is up to a point .
He was a very verbal , very persuasive , an extremely compelling speaker .
All these things added together combined to make a powerful influence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is the Singleton design pattern incompatible with unit testing ?
I think it is .
Singleton assures us that our program will have only one instance of a particular class and that there will be a global access point for it .
Put those two ideas together , and what you have is a global variable that can't be replaced .
Does n't sound so bad ?
Well , try this out : write a set of unit tests which exercise clients of that variable .
If one test modifies global state , and another uses it , you could have one hell of a debugging chore when your tests fail .
I wo n’t elaborate on the pain here .
If you ’ve ever encountered it , you know about it .
The Singleton pattern allows only one instance of each singleton class in a system .
In Java , that ’s one per classloader or JVM , and in C++ it 's one per executable .
That 's fine when you have just one system , but each test is a little " system " too ; and if each of the tests needs to use a particular singleton , they can't be complete or independent because the singleton , through it 's creation characteristics , has defined the scope of the " system " : it 's the JVM , the .NET runtime , or the interpreter .
When you think about it , is n’t it a little arrogant for a class to decide that ?
One of the easiest ways to get past the impasse is to break the singleton property , the requirement that there can be only one created instance .
If you can provide some way to set a singleton ’s instance , you ’re on the path to create a fakable singleton , or fingleton .
You can use a configuration file to dynamically load a fake for testing , or write a static setter to set the instance .
In some languages , you can use reflective tricks , or even conditionally compile the setter method so that it is only available when you are testing , but in the end , you are able to create more than one instance of that class : what you have is a fingleton , not a singleton .
I think that many of us have known that Singleton is broken for years , but we just have n't stated it out loud .
There are always the little exceptions .
For instance , singletons cause no trouble at all if we ca n’t affect state through them , but cases like that do n’t come up often .
If you have an immutable data structure , it 's overkill to make it a singleton .
Likewise , if you have something stateless like a factory , well yes , it ’s great to have one distinguished instance , but what do you do if you need to mock it ?
There ’s that singleton property , getting in the way again .
Faced with singleton 's troubles , many people turn their singletons into fingletons and attempt to protect their instances as best they can .
There are many protection mechanisms , but it seems that as they become more elaborate , the object becomes harder to use in a testing situation .
Sometimes the simplest answer is the best answer : supply a static method on your singleton called setTestingInstance .. unprotect your constructor and introduce an interface .
Create mocks for your " singleton " ..
eventually you may be able to pass it around by reference rather than using it globally .
Yes , there are cases where you might want more protection than this and in those cases you should add whatever protection you feel you need , but let ’s face it , on most projects if your teammates can't refrain from calling a static method named setTestingInstance in production code , your project is probably in trouble no matter what you do .
On the other hand , if they can , it 's easier to keep your software testable , correct and maintainable .
It is feared bat numbers could be threatened by wind farms
Bat deaths at wind farms are thought to exceed those of birds and it is feared some species could eventually become endangered if action is not taken .
Now researchers at Aberdeen University believe radar may be key .
They studied the behaviour of bats at radar installations and found they did not forage where electromagnetic radiation could be measured .
Bat experts Prof Paul Racey and Dr Barry Nicholls studied bats at various distances from 10 radar installations across Scotland .
We think the bats either feel the heat of the radiation or can actually hear it .
Either way , they appear not to like it , and forage elsewhere
Prof Paul Racey
Aberdeen University
They said they found bats foraged where no radiation was detectable .
Prof Racey , of Aberdeen 's school of biological sciences , said : " We found that the bats were deterred by the electromagnetic radiation emitted from the radar installations .
" This raises the possibility that radar could be used to deter bats from approaching wind turbines .
" And so far this would appear to be the only real possibility of preventing bats colliding with turbine blades worldwide . "
Chance remark
He explained : " People are aware of bird deaths at wind farms but are not so aware that many bats are perishing too .
" Bat fatalities at wind turbines has been documented in Australia , North America , Germany , Spain and Sweden but really the scale of the problem in the UK has yet to emerge as the area is largely under -studied .
" Three years ago nearly 3,000 bats were killed in a six - week period at one wind farm in the USA , and nearly 1,700 were killed over a same period of time at another wind farm .
Wind farms are on the increase across the world
" If bat fatalities continue this has the potential to be really serious .
The problem is likely to get much worse with the proliferation of turbines , not just from large power companies erecting them , but private individuals doing so as well . "
It was a chance remark that led Prof Racey and Dr Nicholls down the route of exploring radars as a potential deterrent to bats around wind turbines .
A student said when was driving to Aberdeen he would wedge his bat detector in the window of his car and listen out for bats .
He noticed that every time he passed the Aberdeen Airport radar he could never hear any .
Prof Racey said : " We think the bats either feel the heat of the radiation or can actually hear it .
Either way , they appear not to like it , and forage elsewhere .
" What is needed now are further studies to determine the characteristics of radar which best deters the bats . "
A paper written by Prof Racey and Dr Nicholls - Bats Avoid Radar Installations : Could Electromagnetic Fields Deter Bats from Colliding with Wind Turbines ? - appears in the Public Library of Science Journal PLoS ONE .
Can a statistical model reliably predict that you will buy the latest Harry Potter book , or add organic brie to your virtual shopping trolley this week ?
What about whether you might become violent in the next 15 years , or your unborn child grow up to be a delinquent ?
The growing use of computerised techniques for forecasting what we might buy or do on the basis of how our data matches up to some statistical model would suggest that they are well proven .
But a landmark paper recently published in the British Journal of Psychiatry has cast doubt on whether such techniques should be used for making decisions about anything beyond the trivial .
Personalised recommendations
The personalised recommendations and special offers that pop up when you order books or groceries online , and even the specific sequence of questions an insurance call centre asks about your claim , are all generated by computerised predictive algorithms derived from analysing patterns , links and associations in large sets of data .
By classifying types of people and their behaviours on this basis , shops try to increase their profits by automatically targeting those of us in their databases that seem most likely to buy certain items .
Insurance companies use similar methods to reduce fraud by investigating the claims of those whom the software decides are most likely to be lying .
But the government is adopting such techniques for more serious matters .
Software at the Department of Work and Pensions , for instance , is beginning to try to detect fraudsters by analysing the voices of people who ring its call centres - so if you ask the wrong kind of questions , or perhaps ask the right kind of questions in the wrong way , the software could decide you 're not strictly kosher .
The Cabinet Office 's Social Exclusion Unit 's Action Plan on Social Exclusion has risk prediction as its first guiding principle .
The idea is to predict life outcomes and trigger early human interventions before things go wrong - in the case of the Nurse Family Partnership scheme , even before birth .
In this scheme , the unborn child of a pregnant mother might be categorised as at high risk of future criminality based on factors such as the mother 's age , her poor educational achievements , drug use and her own family background .
The mother is then visited regularly at home by a nurse and helped with parenting .
In the criminal justice system too , risk prediction instruments assess the probability of adults and young people re-offending , along with a battery of other actuarial tests for predicting future sexual and violent crime .
Such techniques , which are not automated in these cases , also play a central role in evaluations to determine whether a person should be committed indefinitely as a dangerous person with severe personality disorder or whether these people , once committed , are ready for release .
The Department of Health has even developed a series of predictive algorithms for scoring those patients with long - term conditions who are at most risk of re-hospitalisation .
The idea is to intervene early to minimise admissions .
The Surveillance Society report from the Information Commissioner 's Office outlined worries about predictive social sorting on the grounds that it could amount to discrimination , create new underclasses and that by the totting up of negative indicators from health , school and other records , a predictive model could make its own worst predictions come true .
" For instance , if your parents both have criminal records or you have a bad school attendance record because of poor health , even if you are the best - behaved kid in class , you will find that every teacher is likely to treat you with suspicion , " explains Jonathan Bamford , assistant information commissioner .
Now a team of British and American researchers has flagged up a more fundamental danger with these predictive models .
When applied to individuals the margins of error are so high as to render any results meaningless .
The study published in May in the British Journal of Psychiatry by forensic clinical psychologists Stephen Hart and David Cooke and statistician Christine Michie takes as its example two popular actuarial risk assessment tools used to predict violence ( STATIC - 99 and VRAG ) .
But the team has studied many other widely used tools such as Risk Matrix - 2000 ( for predicting sexual offending ) , and found the same high margins of error across the board .
For groups of people flagged up as high risk by Risk Matrix - 2000 , for example , the standard estimate is that 36 % will re-offend sexually in the next 15 years .
The team found that the true value of that estimate for a group lies between 28 % and 45 % , 95 % of the time - ie , the 95 % confidence interval .
For an individual , they found the true value of the estimate was between 3 % and 91 % , 95 % of the time .
For STATIC - 99 , VRAG and other tools , the results were much the same .
" The statistical issue of the difference between precision of estimates in a group against that for an individual is not peculiar to psychology and it is not because psychological variables are less reliable .
It 's to do with inherent variability in human beings , " says Cooke , professor of forensic clinical psychology at the Douglas Inch Centre and Glasgow Caledonian University .
Cooke has also looked at medical literature on predicting the probability of heart attacks , cancer and other conditions that rely on physical measurements and found the same large error margins .
" You can get a good model statistically that fits well for a group but it does n't predict well for individuals , " he says .
Uncertain conditions
No - one can argue with statistically based procedures for making complex decisions under conditions of uncertainty , so long as successes and failures are aggregated across cases and the cost of errors is low , says Stephen Hart , a professor in the Department of Psychology at Simon Fraser University in Canada and a leading authority on assessing the risk of violent offending .
" A life insurance company does n't care whether it makes a ' mistake ' estimating the lifespan of a given individual - it could be wrong about every single person it insures - but as long as the pattern of life spans is predictable on average , then it can still make good money . "
But if one is interested in individual cases or if the cost of decision errors is high , then these techniques are problematic .
" Families of victims who are killed by patients and offenders released improperly , and those whose civil rights are infringed when they are held improperly , are not satisfied knowing that despite the errors I made in their cases , I am still right more often than I am wrong , " says Hart , who has considerable experience as an expert witness in US courts defending people who have been incarcerated on the basis of actuarial risk predictions .
Hart highlights a further problem with predictive assessments that compounds the effects of these error margins .
In cases of uncertainty , humans will tend to anchor on the first substantial piece of information they get and any new information that contradicts this initial idea is given less attention than it merits .
This is the theory of anchoring bias .
If for example a predictive model says that a frail 85 - year - old man with heart problems is a high - risk sex - offender and 52 % likely to re-offend over the next 15 years , anchoring bias means that if the assessor is told the score is wrong , they will simply adjust it to 50 % or 48 % .
" It is probably zero .
But the 52 % poisons the assessor 's judgment , " says Hart .
Predictive models are attractive because they represent an apparently scientific and rigorous yet simple approach to targeting resources and making decisions about complex human problems .
But this latest study adds to concerns that such techniques are insufficiently accurate to make important decisions about individuals .
· If you 'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian , send your emails to tech@theguardian.com
Glacier Logo Design
Introduction
Background
This article will be about the logo design of a software application called Glacier .
Glacier is one of my own open - source projects , it 's a firewall and load - balancer for network connections .
Although I did not really come up with a logo yet , I did design a nice branding graphic .
You might have already spotted it on the homepage .
I used a combination of Inkscape , The GIMP and Blender to come up with a few designs .
I started sketching in Inkscape but I ended up with a rasterized image rendered using Yafray , I 'll try to explain how this ever happened and what decisions I made during the process .
The ideas behind the logo
The ideas I wanted to express in the logo were related to the architecture of the Glacer application .
Glacier 's built in a layered form , where each layer adds new functionality to an existing base of functions .
What better way to express this using horizontal lines expressing the layers ?
Besides that , the application consists of several separated modules which each provide a certain function to the application as a whole .
This could be expressed using a kind of seperation into building blocks .
On top of that , I tried to do something with the function of the application : it 's a firewall and load - balancer .
The first word , firewall , lends itself perfectly to be expressed as a wall of flames , but I 'm sure that a lot of companies have already taken part into expressing that idea .
So I went the other way and called the application Glacier and made the logo out of ice .
The load - balancing part is ultimately expressed in the logo by having a small tip resting on a solid base , thus balancing the load down to every single available individual piece of the structure .
So , all of this may sound vague and far fetched , but let 's look at how these ideas slowly turned into reality .
Sketching The Base
Like an union
I started off sketching a logo in Inkscape , trying to make an infinitely long wall of ice , playing with the name Glacier .
I had a concept of the wall being shown close up front , but disappearing into the horizon using a slanted perspective .
Sounds a lot harder than my initial sketches turned out :
On the left the basic wireframe model I started with , on the right a colored example .
After I had the basic wireframe in place I started fiddling around with coloring the sketch .
I tried some different shades of dark and light blue , but in the end I was n't really happy with any of them .
You can see the initial vertical layering I applied in the colored version .
What was next
I tried correcting the sketch a lot of times , but in the end I decided it would be a better idea to start pursuing a different idea .
Because I got a bit tired of noodling around in Inkscape I decided to take a totally different approach and I fired up Blender for some relief .
Moving To Blender
The basic idea
While moving to Blender I came up with a new idea : I decided it'd be a good idea to try out modelling small ice cubes and possibly arrange them in a triangular stack .
That way , it would convey almost all ideas I initially came up with .
I started out by modelling a single ice cube .
It looked like this :
The first prototype of an ice cube , rendered using Blender 's internal renderer .
This ice cube does n't really look convincing yet , but at least it 's a start .
Looking back there 's a lot of areas this ice cube could be improved , but the basic shape is good enough .
Improving the rendering later on was only a matter of fiddling around with the material 's properties .
I decided to arrange the cubes in a stack .
The initial stack
By cloning around the cube , arbitrarily rotating it each step I built a small triangular stack of ice cubes .
I did n't really have a masterplan yet for the camera 's positiong , but I went ahead and rendered a semi-isometric point of view :
Arranging the ice cubes in a stack , rendered using Blender 's internal renderer .
Well , at least I liked the shape of the stack .
I was n't happy with the way the image , the reflections and refractions were rendered , but again I postponed these adjustments knowing it'd work out really well in the end .
Next up was setting up the camera .
Spielberg 's scenario screen setup
I had the scene almost completely finished , but I was n't really happy with the camera position yet .
I kept in mind that I wanted to create some sort of billboard so I created a setup with a backplane and put the camera right in front of it .
While I was changing around the scene I decided to also switch renderers in between , moving from Blender 's internal renderer to Yafray .
I changed the lighting and material properties so they better suited my taste .
In the end , it came out like this :
The final ice cube stack , rendered using Yafray .
About the final stack
This was something I was happy with .
All ideas I had came together in this design and it made up for a nice visual presentation of a billboard .
After I had rendered a version with a better resolution , I did some post processing in The Gimp and added the desired text .
I was honestly impressed with the visual quality of Yafray and I 'm sure I 'll use it again for future projects .
This short story was added on the 26th of February 2006 .
Related pages
Check out these pages for more information on graphics design :
Back to top
I ’ve taught the tutorial How to innovate on time a few times now , and the big takeaway for most is the need to carve out time for failure .
That ’s right , failure .
Plenty of notable innovation quotes talk about the need to fail , for example :
If you want to succeed , double your failure rate .
– Thomas J. Watson Failure is the gateway to innovation – Ashley Ball Whoever makes the most mistakes wins – Ralph Keyes
But few know how to convert that into action .
How do you guide failure towards innovation ?
The answer is 3 things :
Make interesting failures .
An interesting failure is when you learn something through failure you could not have learned any other way .
Scientific experiments are attempts to fail in interesting ways : the thing does n’t work , but why it does n’t work reveals a new set of interesting questions .
This is different from a mistake : a useless , avoidable failure than is n’t interesting and does n’t teach you anything you did n’t already know .
Budget time for experimentation .
If you want new ideas , you have to give people time to find them .
Google ’s 20 % time , an upgrade of 3 M ’s 10 % rule , builds in experimentation at the individual level .
But nothing prevents a manager from doing the same thing at the project level .
Instead of the generic Design , Implement , Test style scheduling , shown here : Divide time into quarters instead and reserve part of the schedule for experimentation , prototyping and interesting mistake making .
Even if you do n’t budget 25 % of the project time , you can still offer a week , a day , a half - day , for individuals to experiment and try things out without requiring anyone ’s approval .
Even small windows of time are better than none ( Also see hack day , for putting experimentation at the corporate level ) .
Once the design phase starts the risk taking declines , but all decisions now benefit from the interesting failures during experimentation .
Pick specific areas for innovation .
If you have a schedule commitment , you ca n’t risk big changes across a project .
Instead leaders have to decide on specific areas where more risks ( e.g. more innovation ) is warranted , and ensure that the rest of the project will be managed conservatively .
Just like how a smart general does n’t fight wars on several fronts , a wise leader does n’t innovate on several different areas at the same time , especially when under schedule pressure .
Slides from How to Innovate on Time tutorial ( 4MB PPT ) .
Apple today updated its desktop Mac Pro computers by adding two new 3.0GHz Quad - Core Intel Xeon processors , bringing 8 - core processing to the Mac .
The new machines can run the 3.0GHz Intel Xeon processors and are available as build - to - order options .
" The 8 - core Mac Pro gives pro software developers a platform to prepare new versions of their applications for the future , when 8 - core technology is more prevalent on the desktop , " an Apple spokesperson told Macworld .
Using two " Clovertown " 3.0 GHz Quad - Core Intel Xeon 5300 series processors , the 8 - core Mac Pro comes with 8 MB of L2 cache per processor ( 16MB total ) , 667MHz DDR2 ECC fully buffered DIMM memory , eight FB - DIMM slots on two memory riser cards ( four slots per card ) supporting up to 16GB of main memory and 1.33GHz , 64 - bit dual independent frontside buses .
TThe Mac Pros have a double - wide , 16 - lane PCI Express graphics slot with the option to install an NVIDIA GeForce 7300 GT with 256MB of GDDR2 SDRAM , one single - link DVI port , and one dual - link DVI port ; an ATI Radeon X1900 XT with 512MB of GDDR3 SDRAM and two dual - link DVI ports ; or an NVIDIA Quadro FX 4500 with 512MB of GDDR3 SDRAM , two dual - link DVI ports , and one stereo 3D port .
The systems have support for up to eight displays and digital resolutions up to 1920 by 1200 pixels ; dual - link DVI ports support up to 2560 by 1600 pixels .
Analog resolution support is up to 2048 by 1536 pixels .
The new Mac Pros have four hard drive bays with up to 3TB of internal storage .
They also have the normal complement of AirPort Extreme wireless ready and optional Bluetooth 2.0 support .
There are many configuration options available to build an 8 - core machine from the Apple Store , but at the high - end of the processor spectrum , the cost will run about $ 3,997 .
This story was updated at 11 a.m. on 4/04/07
This story , " Apple Releases 8 - Core Mac Pros " was originally published by Macworld .
To choose the 100 Best Companies to Work For , we partner with Great Place to Work® Institute to conduct the most extensive employee survey in corporate America .
More than 105,000 employees from 446 companies responded to a 57 - question survey .
( more )
Anatomy of the Scanner A Basic Introduction by John Metcalf
“ They will gather intelligence , lay false trails and strike at their opponents suddenly and with determination . ”
- A. K. DEWDNEY , Scientific American ( January 1987 )
Philosophy of the Scanner
In Corewar , a battle program will execute either one , or multiple copies of itself .
A program which is running just one copy will often lose the round after a single successful attack against it .
A program which has multiple copies will not be beaten until each of these copies has been successfully dealt with .
A battle program which is continually creating new copies of itself is described as a replicator .
No program can hope to attack copies of a replicating program sufficiently fast enough to keep up with the new copies which are constantly being spawned .
The only practical solution is to use a two stage attack .
First , slow the rate at which the replicator is producing new copies .
Next , destroy all copies of the opponent program while they are incapacitated .
The manner in which a replicator can be slowed is by making it split off useless processes .
We achieve this by overwriting it with , or otherwise forcing it to execute , SPL instructions .
Modern replicators spend approaching 50 % of their time splitting off new processes , so we will need several consecutive SPL instructions to have any chance of being effective .
The number of cycles to place these is considerable - compared , for example , to the time taken to drop single bombs .
Before spending a substantial number of cycles , it would make sense to check the area we are about to wipe contains an opponent , rather than empty core .
This is precisely what a scanner is designed to do :
look for an area of core which potentially contains an opponent , attack the selected area with a stun attack to slow the opponent , repeat from step 1 , until an implementation determined point , the end - game - change the means of attack from stun to destroy .
Let 's take a closer look at each of these stages :
1 - Typical Scan Loops
First , our scanner will look through core for a location which differs from empty core .
If we are lucky , this will contain an active copy of the opponent .
Alternatively , it may have been bombed by the opponent .
Scan loops come in a variety of speeds .
The ratio of scanner size to scan speed can make a big difference to the effectiveness of a warrior .
A small / fast scanner will find and attack a bigger / slower opponent more frequently than that opponent finds and attacks it .
It is therefore desirable to have the lowest possible value of size / speed .
The example code in this section is labelled in a manner consistent with a great deal of published code .
Conventions used are :
scan - the top of the scan loop , and the entry point for our examples .
Would ptr be a better entry point to the scan loops below ?
Why ?
- the top of the scan loop , and the entry point for our examples .
Would be a better entry point to the scan loops below ?
Why ?
ptr - the instruction holding either one or two pointers to the location ( s ) to be scanned .
- the instruction holding either one or two pointers to the location (s ) to be scanned .
inc - an instruction holding the constant step in both fields , so a single ADD instruction can update two pointers .
- an instruction holding the constant in both fields , so a single instruction can update two pointers .
step - the distance between two scanned locations .
Some important literature on good scan steps is listed below in Suggested Reading .
- the distance between two scanned locations .
Some important literature on scan steps is listed below in Suggested Reading .
hop - certain scanners look at two locations which are close to each other .
When something is found , they use an attack which covers both locations .
hop is the distance between such a pair of locations .
- certain scanners look at two locations which are close to each other .
When something is found , they use an attack which covers both locations .
is the distance between such a pair of locations .
start - the first location to be scanned .
Often chosen to maximise the length of time before the scanner detects itself .
Some examples of the most common forms of scan loop follow :
. 5 c : the simplest , with a comparatively poor size / speed ratio .
Upgrade from a .5 c loop to .66 c for a guaranteed improvement .
Instructions with zero a & b fields such as SPL # 0,0 are invisible to the f - scan used here .
scanA ADD #step , ptrA ptrA JMZ .
F scanA , start ; scan 1 location every 2 cycles
. 66 c : for scanners up to length 8 , .66 c provides the optimal ratio .
The data at incB will usually be combined with another instruction .
For example , in Blur 2 the data is held in the SPL above the clear .
Having two scan pointers is one disadvantage of this loop .
When the scan triggers it is necessary to either determine which pointer holds the location to be attacked , or else attack both .
An effective variation is to change the JMP instruction to DJN , to colour core against other scanners .
Use something similar to DJN.
F scanB , to create a sequential decoy , or alternatively decrement through your scan pointer with DJN .
F scanB , @ptrB .
scanB ADD incB , ptrB ptrB SNE start +hop , start ; scan 2 locations every 3 cycles JMP scanB ; ... incB DAT step , step
. 75 c : gives the optimal size / speed ratio for scanners between 9 and 15 instructions .
The location at which something has been found is held in the b-field of ptrC .
As with the .5 c scan , instructions with zero a & b fields are invisible .
If we re-enter the scan loop , the pointers need to be reset ; MOV .
BA ptrC , ptrC should do the trick .
It appears at first glance , if the SNE detects something through its a - field , the scan loop will not drop through into the attack phase .
Stepping through the code however , reveals how some simple arithmetic copies the value from the a -field of ptrC to the b-field .
The scan loop can then drop through with the b-field of ptrC pointing to whatever has been found .
scanC ADD incC , ptrC ptrC SNE .X start , start ; scan 3 locations every 4 cycles ADD . X incC , ptrC JMZ . F scanC , @ptrC ; ... incC DAT 2*step , step
. 8 c : ideal for scanners of more than 16 instructions , this extension to the basic .66 c loop has the same disadvantage of two scan pointers .
As with its slower relative , changing the JMP to a DJN proves effective against other scanners .
scanD ADD incD , ptrD ptrD SNE start +hop , start ; scan 4 locations every 5 cycles ADD incD , ptrD SNE * ptrD , @ptrD JMP scanD ; ... incD DAT step , step
2 - Common Forms of Offence
Once the scanner has found something , what comes next ?
We hit it .
We hit it hard with a stun attack intended to bring the enemy 's processes to a virtual stand - still .
There are four main types of offence to consider :
Permanent - a.k.a. one - shots .
Switch to a core - clear with one or more SPL passes though core , beginning with the location found by the scan .
After this , the clear wipes with DAT .
Simple and effective .
See Scanny Boy for an example .
passes though core , beginning with the location found by the scan .
After this , the clear wipes with .
Simple and effective .
See Scanny Boy for an example .
Fixed Length - switch to a fixed length attack .
Afterwards , switch back to scanning .
The two most common types of fixed length attacks are SPL carpets and special bombs ( stun and incendiary for example ) .
Take a look at Rave and Beholder 's Eye , which use these techniques .
carpets and special bombs ( stun and incendiary for example ) .
Take a look at Rave and Beholder 's Eye , which use these techniques .
Variable Length - switch to a linear SPL wipe beginning at the location where the scan detected something , continuing until it reaches empty core .
After this , switch back to scanning .
This technique proves the most effective against paper / imps .
Check Mini HSA for a good example .
wipe beginning at the location where the scan detected something , continuing until it reaches empty core .
After this , switch back to scanning .
This technique proves the most effective against paper / imps .
Check Mini HSA for a good example .
Ongoing - a linear SPL wipe runs parallel to the scan .
When something is found by the scan , the pointer for the SPL wipe is adjusted to point to the scanned location .
However , the most common implementation of this technique introduces an extra instruction to the scan loop , reducing the speed .
Blur 2 is a clear example of an ongoing attack .
The scanner needs somehow to ensure it does n't attack itself .
One way to achieve this is to check the scan pointer is n't within a range which points to our scanner before attacking .
Other alternatives are to use a scan pattern which avoids detecting the scanner , or using some means of hiding the scanner from itself ( reflections ) .
3 - The Switch
Perhaps the trickiest requirement is the need to implement a switch from the attack to the end - game .
The one - shot avoids this altogether by entering the end - game as soon as something is found .
In a traditional scanner however , we have a choice to make :
When our scanner detects itself either once , or a number of times , enter the end - game .
For example Mini HSA switches after 16 self - scans .
After a number of iterations of the scan loop , drop through to the end game .
In Blur 2 , there is a counter which is decremented by the scan loop .
When this reaches zero , control will pass into the end - game .
Switch when a pre-determined location is altered by the attack .
See myZizzor for an example , which has a small decoy the scanner detects and attacks , thus altering the checked location .
4 - The End - Game
After our scanner has completed its main attack phase , what next ?
It needs to dispose of the enemy processes we 've worked so hard to stun .
The two most effective methods are :
Clear - switch to a core-clear , which wipes core with DAT .
Optionally , the clear may wipe with SPL prior to the DAT wipe .
The most frequently used core - clear is the d-clear , with spiral clears also being a popular choice .
Scanners containing a spiral clear include Eggbeater , Memories , SETI and Win !
.
Optionally , the clear may wipe with prior to the wipe .
The most frequently used core - clear is the d-clear , with spiral clears also being a popular choice .
Scanners containing a spiral clear include Eggbeater , Memories , SETI and Win ! DAT
Switch - the scan continues , bombing with DAT instead of its previous attack .
Many of the HSA - style warriors work in this way , including Mini HSA .
Another example is the scanner from Enough is Enough !
Suggested Reading
A selection of material discussing step sizes can be found in Push Off 07 September 1993 , Core Warrior # 11 , and Mathematical Models for Step Sizes ( Morrell 1996 ) .
Stefan Strack provides a useful tool for finding good step sizes , m Opt v1.2 , for which there is a tutorial in Core Warrior # 32 .
Below are some references to a few instructive examples of scanners .
These illustrate the methods discussed above .
Generally , those which function in a similar manner are grouped together , with the most readable example in the group listed first :
Blur 2 by Anton Marsden ( CW36 ) - implements an ongoing attack from the scan loop , followed up by a d - clear end - game .
After reading Blur 2 , continue with Hazy Lazy , Silver Talon , Stalker , Eggbeater ( CW46 ) and the scanner from Enough is Enough ! ( CW79 ) .
HAL 9000 by Justin Kao ( CW50 ) - an alternative means of implementing an ongoing attack , or scan directed clear .
Mini HSA from Electric Head by Anton Marsden ( CW59 ) - provides an excellent introduction to the workings of HSA .
Scanning continues into the end - game , with the SPL wipe becoming a DAT wipe .
Also , check He Scans Alone , Mischief ( CW80 ) and Razor .
Beholder 's Eye v1.7 by W. Mintardjo - an easy to read SPL / JMP bomber .
Continue reading with Iron Gate ( CW19 ) , Harmony II and Memories ( CW19 ) .
myZizzor by Magnus Paulsson - performs a variable length attack , followed by a SPL / DAT clear .
Origin of Storms by John Metcalf ( CW86 ) - a variable length attack realized in the scan loop , followed by the ever - present d-clear .
Rave 4.1 by Stefan Strack - a good example of a .66 c scan with a fixed length SPL carpet .
Also , you should take a look at SETI .
Next study Win! and Recon 2 , two warriors based on the same concept , employing an abundance of effective techniques .
AT lunchtime , or when he is walking the halls of his workplace , Roy Raphaeli ’s colleagues often beseech him to do a magic trick .
Usually , he obliges .
“ I take the opportunity to show people my new stuff and see how they react , ” said Mr. Raphaeli , 23 , a Brooklynite who works for a mail - order camera retailer .
While Mr. Raphaeli , known professionally as Magic Roy , has been entertaining people with card tricks and sleight - of - hand since he was 5 , he does not perform at birthday parties or casino showrooms .
Instead , Mr. Raphaeli ’s stage of choice is the Internet , where he has posted 30 short video clips to Metacafe , a Web site that pays video creators based on how many viewers their work attracts .
So far , Mr. Raphaeli has earned more than $ 13,000 from the site , where his most popular card trick has been seen 1.4 million times .
As video sites look for ways to attract higher - quality content , they are dangling cash , usually offering to cut creators in on the advertising revenue their work generates .
[ The following column was turned down by The Times Online because they suggested I had a conflict of interest .
Of course that ’s their prerogative , but given that my employment is posted at the bottom of every article I write for them , it ’s not as if people do n’t know where I ’m coming from … ]
In the next week or two , both Microsoft and Mozilla will be releasing major updates to their browsers – Internet Explorer 7 and Firefox 2 .
Tech journalists the world over are surely at this very moment dusting off their tired “ browser war ” headlines from the late 1990s , and conducting detailed comparative reviews which they will all release at the same time as the software , having cheated by basing their work on the beta versions .
“ Tabs ?
Check .
Phishing protection ?
Check .
Feed reader ?
Check .
Spell checking in form fields ?
Ooh , advantage Firefox .
‘ Protected mode ’ ?
And it ’s back to neck - and - neck … ”
But I suggest there is another way to compare the two contenders aside from a feature - by - feature tick - list .
It ’s in the attitude the two organisations have shown to the users of their products .
Way back when in the late 90s ( are you sitting comfortably ? ) , Netscape and Microsoft were fighting over the growing browser market .
These were the days when Java was the next big thing , < blink > was cool , and the HTML for the websites of major companies was still coded by hand .
Both browser makers burned the midnight oil to cram in more features .
But , just as haste in placing the bottom bricks comes back to haunt you when you try and make your tower reach the ceiling , software has a limited ability to absorb quick - and - dirty changes and hacked - in enhancements before it becomes an unmaintainable mess .
And Netscape ’s tower topped out first .
Netscape 4 was inferior to IE 4 , let alone IE 5 or 6 , and the creaking codebase could n’t be extended any further without disproportionate effort .
So through a combination of monopolistic behaviour by Microsoft and suspect business decisions by Netscape , a victor emerged .
As the nascent Mozilla project set off on a four - year odyssey rewriting the browser from the ground up , they ceded the field to Microsoft .
But how did Microsoft respond to this victory ?
Basically , they did nothing .
Their market share was somewhere north of 90 % and growing .
This was job done as far as they were concerned .
Through the wilderness years of the early part of the decade , as popups , spyware and viruses made the lives of web users a misery , Microsoft produced the bare minimum of security patches but nothing more .
Why should they ?
Almost everyone used their product regardless .
They had no interest in evolving the browser to meet the changing needs of the web ’s growing population .
Then back came the Mozilla project with Firefox , a browser for the web as it is today .
This coincided with the rise of rich web applications , which threatened to make the operating system irrelevant and turn the browser into the platform .
After all , if your mail is from Yahoo and your word processor is from Google and you manage your photos with Flickr , does it really matter if you are doing it on Windows or Linux ?
( Ironically , the core technology which made this possible , the ‘ XMLHTTPRequest ’ object which lets web developers easily update pages without a reload , was invented by Microsoft for IE 6 [ Correction : IE 5 ] . )
Only at this point , when Microsoft felt threatened , did Bill rebuild the browser team to make IE 7 .
He needed to arrest the market share decline , and find a way to make the web experience best with proprietary Windows - only technology .
So the creation of this new version is not motivated by his desire to provide a better surfing experience for their users , but his desire to keep control of the web and make sure it does n’t threaten Microsoft ’s platform hegemony .
Firefox , on the other hand , has been user - centered from the beginning .
The original developers ’ misery at having to produce Netscape 6 drove them to produce software they thought everyone else would want to use .
The extension mechanism provides a safety valve through which the geekiest features can be pushed out and only installed by those who need them , allowing a relentless focus on usability and simplicity .
Firefox is a browser made for you .
Yes , Microsoft have got off their backside and improved their product , and that can only be good for web users and developers .
Yes , competition is good .
But before you consider IE 7 , ask yourself this – if Microsoft dumped you before , why wo n’t they do it again ?
Joel Spolsky has had a lot of interesting things to say about software and the software business , including this week when he had a whole series on hiring .
In this week 's series , he said lots of things that programmers are bound to like : treat your developers like rockstars , give them all Aeron chairs and super - expensive monitors , build an elaborate atrium with a fountain just to impress your developers .
You have to admire Joel 's approach , because it says right on his site that his business is all about programmers :
Best Working Conditions => Best Programmers => Best Software => Profit !
If you 're a programmer , how can you not like that ?
I 'm sure his recent series ( and maybe his blog in general ) has left a lot of people thinking : wow , my company is n't like that .
Joel is so much cooler than my company .
And , well , maybe he is .
But before you go in to your boss and start complaining about how he 's cheap , and if he would just run his business like Fog Creek , things would be so much better , here are a few reasons to take his ideas with a grain of salt and think about whether they would really benefit the company where you work .
By the way , I 'm not really an expert on Fog Creek or anything , so I 'm inferring a lot of this as I go along .
And I 'm not doing this to trash Joel , because I love reading his writing , so if you 're reading this to get to the good parts where I really rip him a new one , well , sorry .
1. Fog Creek is a software business
In a software business , the developers drive the products .
Programmers are always going to be pretty vital to a software company .
By contrast , at an automaker or a bond trading firm , it 's going to be people like car designers or bond traders that are the rockstars -- they 're the ones that make the business go .
By the way , here 's a corollary : all other things being equal , it 's more fun for a programmer to work at a software company than to write software for a business in another industry .
Any software company that cares about its products cares about its programmers .
2. Joel does n't have 2000 people
This is the " not everyone can be a rockstar " rule .
The larger a company gets , the harder it is to only hire the kind of superstars Joel talks about looking for .
It 's not clear that his model scales to bigger businesses .
Then again , he learned the software business at Microsoft which always used to have a rep for only hiring brilliant people , so maybe it's not impossible to scale this model , but merely really difficult .
3 . Joel started up with a good - sized chunk of capital
This is just speculation -- I could be wrong .
But his basic premise of starting a really cool business with Aeron chairs and an atrium and expensive monitors makes it sound like he ( and maybe his occasionally - mentioned business partner , who I do n't know anything about ) had a bunch of Microsoft options that vested and brought in a bunch of money as seed capital .
I do n't mean that in a dismissive way , such as " well , anyone could start a successful software business if they had that kind of capital . "
That 's actually not at all true .
Most Microsoft people who vested and started their own businesses completely failed .
What it means is , if you start a business by maxing out a Visa card , for god 's sake , do n't spend the money on an Aeron chair .
Also , because I presume that the capital was mostly his , he did n't have people pressuring him to show a large immediate return .
If you have Venture Capitalists breathing down your neck , do n't go hook yourself up with an office with a fancy atrium , just because Joel told you to .
Keep your burn rate low , like everyone learned from the dot com crash .
4. Fog Creek makes shrinkwrap software
Joel wrote a really good essay a few years ago about the 5 Worlds of Software Development .
One of them is shrinkwrap software , which is what Fog Creek does .
Shrinkwrap software is great .
Everyone actually pays you to use your software , which , if you do it right , makes it a lot easier to pay your bills than if you write open source and hope to live off support contracts or build a cool website and hope to live off Google AdWords .
Not only do you get paid up front , but the best part about shrinkwrap is that it scales like crazy .
If you work in an IT department and build internal software , you work closely with your client , and you usually can't easily add any more clients .
If you write software with a heavy customization component , you pretty much have to add new fleets of consultants or VARs as fast as you add clients .
But if you sell shrinkwrap , then as you add more clients , the money from the new sales mostly goes straight to the bottom line .
What this means is that if you have a shrinkwrap company , you have the best possible situation to actually generate a return on hiring rockstar programmers and throwing expensive perks at them .
You have a situation where you get paid for producing software people want , and there 's a significant asymmetric relationship between the work that goes in and the money that comes back if you 're successful .
The only thing you have to watch out for is secondary costs like technical support , which merely reinforces that you have to build and test it right in the first place .
Here 's the thing , though : as evidenced by the fact that there are n't many startups doing shrinkwrap anymore , it 's a tough business to succeed at .
As you would expect from the asymmetric returns , and as evidenced by Microsoft , it tends to be a winner - take - all business .
More sales => more money to invest in products and marketing => even more sales .
So what does it take to be successful ?
Well , one is good products up front , so you can sell some in the first place .
This is where the whole rockstar programmers thing comes in , and why it makes sense for Joel to give everyone Aeron chairs .
The other big one , of course , is simple market awareness : get your product in front of people .
And that 's where the blog with millions of hits comes in .
Which brings us to my last point :
5 . Joel 's target market is programmers
If you 've ever heard MBAs wet themselves talking about synergy and thought that it was all a pile of B.S. , well , sometimes even MBAs are right .
Because Joel 's business is just one giant perpetual motion machine of synergy .
He clearly spends a ton of time writing blog entries about software development and software businesses , but it all pays off , because his target market is other programmers .
Soccer moms and MBAs surely do n't have any use for bug tracking software and remote - support applications -- developers do .
So Joel 's investment of his time in his blog pays off in massive brand awareness among his target market .
Joel writes all these things about hiring , and how programmers should be treated as rockstars .
And one benefit is that he must have one monster applicant pool .
But another is that it ties right into what his target market wants to hear .
Not only that , but after all the time he spends talking about how he only hires the best of the best , who would n't want to at least evaluate his software if they need bug tracking ?
I mean , what kind of schmuck would settle for ordinary software when they can have code written by supergeniuses ( even if it is in VBScript ) ?
Now , someone is going to read this last point and think I 'm saying that Joel is evil : he 's just doing all of this to trick us into buying his software .
But that 's not my point at all .
The guy has built a business where he gets to go to work in a fun environment and write code with lots of other smart people .
He gets to be famous in the blogosphere , and have lots of people hanging on his every word .
And as icing on the cake , he gets to profit from the whole thing on top of it .
There ai n't nothing wrong with that other than that we can't all be that lucky ( though really , it is n't luck -- it 's a smart business plan ) .
But like I said at the start , your business ( probably ) is n't like that .
So if you do n't have the Aeron chair and the fountain and the 30 " monitor , it probably has something to do with one of these reasons .
For more than 30 years , Ralph Kirshbaum bought two airline tickets for his trips .
The world - renowned American musician , who lives in England , bought one seat for himself , and the other for his strong , silent companion – a priceless 250 - year - old Montagnana cello .
But British authorities say Mr. Kirshbaum must now sit alone .
Since police broke up an alleged plot to blow up transatlantic flights last month , restrictions have been placed on travelers :
Nothing larger than a laptop bag can be carried into airplane cabins .
But cellists , violinists , and French horn players are loath to consign their instruments , often antiquities worth millions of dollars , to cavalier baggage handlers and the rough - and - tumble conditions of the aircraft hold .
As a result , hundreds of musicians in Britain are complaining that the measures designed to thwart terrorists are in fact punishing virtuosos with nothing more malicious in mind than a Saint - Saëns solo .
The performers , who shuttle around the world to concerts , rehearsals , and festivals with ancient instruments in tow , are warning that their performances – and even livelihoods – are in jeopardy because the new rules make international travel almost impossible .
" The kind of international movement that musicians have come to rely upon and audiences have come to expect will be altered dramatically , " says Kirshbaum .
" If these policies are kept in place for any significant length of time , artists will rethink how frequently , if at all , they are going to make trips to Britain .
There is enough stress and pressure in preparing properly for concerts to then have to add hours of needless travel on top . "
Checking their instruments , often priceless , into the cargo hold is n't an option for most top musicians .
" Something like one in eight instruments gets damaged – no matter how much they assure [ that the instruments will ] be taken care of , they are very likely to get smashed , " says British cellist Steven Isserlis , who travels with a 276 - year - old Stradivarius instrument .
" It 's irreplaceable , " he adds .
" It 's my responsibility to pass it on to the next generation . "
The rules have resulted in some distinctly odd itineraries , as musicians resort to road and rail to get from A to B. Mr. Isserlis , for example , has already endured a 10 - hour journey by train to Germany for a rehearsal instead of a simple one - hour flight .
Kirshbaum says a quick hop to a festival in Italy this week turned into a 24 - hour ordeal on Europe 's rail network .
Many are finding that the only way to travel with their instruments is to take the three - hour Eurostar train to Paris and fly on from there .
" A lot of British musicians work abroad , " says Keith Ames of Britain 's Musicians Union , which has been arguing over the restrictions with transport officials and intends to lobby Parliament about them .
" If they can't take an instrument with them , how are they supposed to play ?
You ca n't ask them to borrow :
That 's like saying to Tiger Woods , ' Can you just borrow a set of clubs when you get there ? ' "
Mr. Ames says that the situation has become so bad that some appearances abroad are already in jeopardy , threatening cancellations , lawsuits , and insurance rows .
Already , the New York - based Orchestra of St Luke 's has cancelled a tour of Britain .
And the issue burst into the open on Saturday night when the conductor Mark Elder used the high - profile Last Night of the Proms concert at the Royal Albert Hall to plead for an end to the " unfair " restrictions .
" Otherwise , " he added " it seems to me that next year we should all look forward to Concerto for Laptop and Orchestra . "
British officials say there is little they can do for musicians given the tight restrictions in place .
One government official noted that musicians are not the only professionals affected : photographers , camera crews , and even lab technicians are finding it hard to live with the new rules .
The government says it is consulting with airlines and airports to see if the restrictions can be modified or relaxed in the near future .
Musicians are not arguing that art should take precedence over security .
But they are insisting on a special dispensation for those traveling with instruments that they argue are scannable and contain no internal working parts .
Laptops , by contrast , would be more easily adapted to a terrorist 's needs , argues Ames .
" The idea that some bloke with a cello is a terrorist is laughable .
Any terrorist would be more subtle than that , " he says .
Kirshbaum says that the restrictions are not so much about enhanced security as about ensuring that staff are not overwhelmed by passengers with awkward baggage .
" I was told it was not specifically a security issue ; it was an issue of the volume of work that was put on the people manning the machines in the central search area .
They were trying to minimize that . "
But the outcome , he says , has been an enormous imposition on " the largest body of cultural ambassadors representing Britain . "
" We are flying the flag for Britain and they are putting shackles on us . "
He says it is unthinkable to expect top musicians to travel without their instruments and beg or borrow replacements at their destination .
" Our instrument is our voice , " he says .
" We spend hours every day living with , relating to , getting to know our instrument so that when we go on stage we are in the best possible position to give the best possible performance . "
Isserlis , who has planned trips to New York and Japan in the fall , says it is audiences and culture in general that will suffer .
" [ Instruments are ] much less dangerous than laptops and duty - free bottles of highly flammable liquids [ such as liquor and perfume ] , but because they [ airport authorities ] make money out of that they 'll never crack down on it , " he says .
" It 's a threat to our livelihood and a threat to culture . "
Story Highlights • NEW : Durbin says he brought " racially motivated " information to Reid 's attention
• Homeland security secretary authorizes protection detail
• No specific , credible threat known , sources say
• Hillary Clinton already protected as former first lady
Adjust font size :
( CNN ) -- Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama , a U.S. senator from Illinois , has been placed under the protection of the Secret Service , the agency said Thursday .
The government is not aware of any specific , credible threat against Obama , according to a law enforcement source familiar with the decision .
But his office has received hate mail and calls and other " threatening materials " in the past and during his campaign , the source said .
Three Obama campaign officials who discussed the issue on condition of anonymity also said there was no specific threat against the candidate .
They said the request stemmed from what one called the " cumulative effect " of a heavier campaign schedule , larger crowds and " just the growing perception internally " it was time to take additional security precautions that are best suited for the Secret Service .
A Department of Homeland Security spokesperson also told CNN there is no known specific or credible threat .
Illinois ' senior senator , Democrat Dick Durbin , told reporters Thursday night that he relayed concerns about the size of the crowds Obama was drawing and other issues to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid .
Reid decided to take the matter to Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff as an issue for a congressional advisory board , Durbin said .
" I knew the crowds were large ... but some of the other information given to us , unfortunately I think , raised a concern among many of [ Obama 's ] friends , " Durbin said .
" Unfortunately , some of the information we found was racially motivated .
It is a sad reality in this day and age that Mr. Obama 's African - American heritage is a cause for very violent and hatred , hated reactions among some people . "
Durbin would not elaborate .
" I 've been advised not to talk about any specific security problems or any threats , " he said .
He also would not say how he received the information , only that it was from " credible sources . "
The crowds , he said , have been record - breaking .
" Naturally , it 's encouraging politically , but it 's also raised a lot of security concerns . "
The Secret Service protection for Obama began at 1 p.m. Thursday , Durbin said .
Chertoff works with a congressional panel made up of half a dozen members of Congress , including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Reid .
The decision to present the information to the advisory board was a bipartisan one , Durbin said , with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , a Kentucky Republican , also participating , he said .
Previously , two Democratic Senate sources told CNN that after Reid decided to take the matter to Chertoff as an advisory board issue , further discussions with the Obama campaign ensued and the official request for Secret Service protection was made .
The Secret Service said in a written statement that Chertoff , " after consultation with the congressional advisory committee , authorized the United States Secret Service to protect presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama . "
Protection goes beyond surrounding the candidate with well - armed agents , the Secret Service 's Web site states .
The agency does extensive advance work and threat assessments developed by its intelligence division to identify potential risks , the site says .
" As a matter of procedure , we will not release any details of the deliberations of assessments that led to protection being initiated , " the Secret Service statement said .
Another Democratic presidential candidate , New York Sen. Hillary Clinton , already has Secret Service protection because of her husband 's presidency .
Other candidates could request Secret Service protection .
The Secret Service is authorized to provide protection to " major " candidates as determined by the advisory committee , under certain guidelines .
Among those guidelines , the candidate must be announced , be actively campaigning in at least 10 states and have some degree of prominence in the polls .
Durbin said he hopes any candidate who feels there is a threat against them will " go through the same process and ask for protection . "
CNN 's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .
This was homework in the gen-ed class .
Nearly 25 % of the students who attempted this problem got it wrong .
Lucky for them we no longer live in a society that expects educated people to study calculus .
I love to ride my bike .
I love to go fast , and feel the air flowing over my hair .
Its just such a pure form of transportation .
I tune my bike to as silent as possible so I can hear every little noise as I zing by .
This guy however must experience a much different experience .
The fastest human powered bike world record was set in Oct , 2002 at 81 mph ( 130 km / h ) by Sam Whittingham from Canada .
The bike was designed and built by Georgi Georgiev .
More records here .
More bike porn here , here and here .
Faculty & Research
Our research programs are best described as data - intensive social science .
Our economists , statisticians , operations researchers , computer scientists , and management experts sit side by side , collaborating constantly and not sitting in traditional departmental silos .
For this reason , they are able to approach complex societal problems in an altogether different way .
The future of work , the future of mobility , the loss of privacy , seismic shifts in entertainment — these are the problems of our age .
These are the problems on our minds .
Research has produced mixed results
Millions worldwide use antioxidant supplements such as vitamins A and E , and beta - carotene .
Looking at dozens of previous studies , Copenhagen University researchers suggested these appeared to raise , not lower , the risk of early death .
A supplements industry expert said the Journal of the American Medical Association study was fatally flawed .
But nutritionists said it reinforced the need to eat a balanced diet , rather than relying on supplements .
While vitamin supplements have been popular for decades , the precise benefits they offer - if any - remain uncertain , despite hundreds of research projects .
Considering that 10 % to 20 % of the adult population in Europe and North America may consume the supplements , the public health consequences may be substantial
University of Copenhagen research team
More recent theories suggest that certain vitamins consumed as part of a healthy diet - and perhaps taken in supplement form - may be able to prevent damage to the body 's tissues called ' oxidative stress ' by eliminating the molecules called ' free radicals ' which are said to cause it .
This damage has been implicated in several major diseases including cancer and heart disease , yet the implication that vitamin supplements might protect people from these illnesses is controversial .
Vitamin overview
The Copenhagen team reviewed more than 815 clinical trials into the benefits of vitamins A , E , and C , alongside beta - carotene and selenium - all commonly - used supplements .
How sensible scientists can suggest a single antioxidant supplement can have a major effect where patients already have advanced cardiovascular disease is ridiculous
Dr Ann Walker
Health Supplements Information Service
They selected 68 whose methods were more likely to produce an accurate picture of vitamin benefits , then added their results together to form one , large - scale study .
This overview suggested that taking antioxidant supplements neither increased , nor reduced , the risk of early death .
However , when the researchers eliminated a further 21 trials which had a slightly higher possibility of producing a skewed result , the picture changed considerably .
While the risk of death was unchanged among selenium and vitamin C users , a statistically significant increase in risk emerged for the other three supplements .
Beta - carotene produced an approximate 7 % increased risk , vitamin E a 4 % increase and vitamin A , a 16 % increase .
We already know that taking supplements is n't in any way a replacement for a good balanced diet
Dr Frankie Phillips
British Dietetic Association
The researchers wrote : " Our findings contradict the findings of observational studies claiming that antioxidants improve health .
" Considering that 10 % to 20 % of the adult population in Europe and North America may consume the supplements , the public health consequences may be substantial . "
They said there were several different explanations for this increase in risk - and suggested that knocking out ' free radicals ' might actually interfere with a natural defence mechanism within the body .
The team called for more research into the effects of vitamin supplements on health .
' Balanced diet
Dr Frankie Phillips , a nutritionist at the British Dietetic Association , said food contained a complex matrix of different components which could not be replicated by supplements .
" Our advice is to eat a wide range of foods in a balanced diet which can provide all of the nutrients the body needs to protect itself and combat diseases . "
Ellen Mason , of the British Heart Foundation , said : " We would recommend that you only take substances to protect against heart disease , whether dietary supplements or drugs , that have been proven in well conducted clinical trials . "
However , Dr Ann Walker , of the Health Supplements Information Service , said the findings of the study were " worthless " .
She said some of the studies which had been examined by the Copenhagen team involved patients who were already seriously ill .
" How sensible scientists can suggest that a modest intervention of a single antioxidant supplement , can have a major effect in reversing life - threatening pathology , where patients already have advanced cardiovascular disease , is ridiculous .
" Vitamin , mineral and dietary supplements not only have proven health benefits , they are essential to the maintenance of good health and can help bridge the nutritional gap for many people in the UK whose diets are often lacking in essential nutrients . "
As the Senate prepares to take up stem cell legislation this week , Congress and the president are at odds over a tangled question at the boundary of science , ethics , and religion .
President Bush has restricted federal funding of embryonic stem cell research , and last year cast the first veto of his presidency when Congress tried to ease the restriction .
With ... ( Full article : 2083 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
String theory , simultaneously one of the most promising and controversial ideas in modern physics , may be more capable of helping probe the inner workings of subatomic particles than was previously thought , according to a team of Princeton University scientists .
The theory has been highly praised by some physicists for its potential to forge the long - sought link between gravity and the forces that dominate within the atomic nucleus .
But the theory -- which posits that all subatomic particles are actually tiny " strings " that vibrate in different ways -- has also drawn criticism for being untestable in the laboratory , and perhaps impossible to connect with real - world phenomena .
However , the Princeton researchers have found new mathematical evidence that some of string theory 's predictions mesh closely with those of a well - respected body of physics called " gauge theory , " which has been demonstrated to underlie the interactions among quarks and gluons , the vanishingly small objects that combine to form protons , neutrons and other , more exotic subatomic particles .
The discovery , say the physicists , could open up a host of uses for string theory in attacking practical physics problems .
" These problems include describing the interactions among the quarks within everyday atomic nuclei , " said Igor Klebanov , the Thomas D. Jones Professor of Mathematical Physics at Princeton and an author of a recent paper on the subject .
" We have previously been able to study these interactions in detail only at the high - energy conditions within particle accelerators , but with these findings we may be able to describe what 's happening inside the atoms that make up rocks and trees .
We cannot do so yet , but it appears that the math of string theory could be what we need to bridge this gap . "
The team 's paper appears in the March 30 issue of the scientific journal Physical Review Letters .
Klebanov 's co-authors include graduate student Marcus Benna and postdoctoral fellows Sergio Benvenuti and Antonello Scardicchio .
For Klebanov , the findings represent a major success in the decades - old search for connections between strings and gauge theory , the latter of which -- to a particle physicist -- lays out the established laws that describe all ordinary matter .
The many facets of gauge theory add up to a well - established and coherent picture of the behaviors of quarks and gluons , which largely compose most familiar forms of matter .
Decades of observations at particle accelerators have shown that gauge theory accounts for quark and gluon behavior quite well , at least at the very high energy levels that exist when two isolated particles are smashed together at nearly the speed of light .
At these high energies , the interaction force holding the quarks together grows weak , and scientists can break particles apart to observe their constituents .
Unfortunately , these observations -- and even gauge theory itself when applied at these high energies -- do not reveal as much as physicists would like about everyday matter traveling at everyday speeds .
" The sad truth is that when these quarks and gluons start binding together into protons and neutrons , this interaction force grows very strong , and it is hard to use gauge theory to understand it , " Klebanov said .
" Basically , to understand how we are actually made of all this stuff , we need to understand quark and gluon behavior when the interaction force gets strong . "
In the 1970s , physicists posited that when gauge theory loses its power to describe particle behavior as quarks bond together , string theory might be able to step in and handle the job .
What string theorists needed was some indication that both theories were headed in the same direction .
The lucky break came in 1997 and early 1998 when a precise relation between the two was conjectured in the work of Princeton physicists Alexander Polyakov , Steven Gubser and Klebanov , as well as the Institute for Advanced Study 's Juan Maldacena and Edward Witten .
However , more work to explain this connection was needed .
" It was as though our understanding was a road that started at the point where the interaction between quarks was weak , " Klebanov said .
" We could follow it for a few miles through greater and greater interaction strengths , but then it stopped before reaching the great strengths that exist in the atoms of rocks and trees -- the section of road that string theory describes . "
Between the two road sections lay a seemingly unbridgeable mathematical gulf , and Klebanov had little more than a hunch that there was any smooth transition between gauge and string theory .
" In simple terms , what we really wanted was some indication that such a smooth transition exists , which would hint that the two sections of road were parts of the same route , " Klebanov said .
" But we were having trouble finding any sort of connection at all . "
String theory , for all its mathematical beauty , once again seemed too difficult to test -- until Niklas Beisert , an assistant professor of physics at Princeton , published a paper in late October of last year containing an equation that turned out to be a crucial piece of the puzzle .
" Beisert and his collaborators made an inspired guess based on sophisticated notions of gauge theory behavior , " said Curtis Callan , the James S. McDonnell Distinguished University Professor of Physics at Princeton .
" Their equation allowed Igor and his colleagues to work out the ' transition ' between the two regimes .
They demonstrated that it exactly matched string theory 's predictions at the strong interaction limit .
That was the hard part . "
Beisert said that his team 's work provided a useful abstract proof of the transition between weak and strong interaction strength , but that numerical evidence had been lacking .
" The result of Klebanov 's group gives beautiful numerical evidence for the validity of our proposal , " said Beisert , who is also junior research group leader at the Albert Einstein Institute in Potsdam , Germany .
" All these studies now make us sure that string theory and well - established gauge theory are indeed two sides of the same coin . "
Lance Dixon , a physicist at the Stanford Linear Accelerator , said the new paper by Klebanov 's team provided a vital cross-check of the Beisert team 's equation , which rested on a few insightful but unproven assumptions .
" The work by Igor Klebanov and his group really succeeded in removing all lingering doubts about the equation 's validity , " said Dixon , whose work provided other evidence in favor of the Beisert team 's proposal .
" The search is on now for a broad web of connections linking the high - energy behavior of quarks and gluons to that of strings , a web in which the first strand was laid down by ( both teams ' ) work . "
Klebanov , while noting many other scientists ' contributions , credits Beisert for " providing the techniques and writing down this fantastic equation , " and said that his own team 's findings were possible largely due to the Beisert team 's paper .
" That a particular kind of gauge theory is in some sense ' exactly solvable ' realizes a longstanding dream , " Klebanov said .
" This is almost like coming to a gap you expected to find between two sections of road and finding that someone else has built such a smooth connection between them that you do n't notice it when you drive over it . "
This is not to say that string theory is likely to become accepted as an overall explanation of subatomic physics anytime soon .
Klebanov 's team has found a bridge between established physics and a mathematical theory , which is only one step toward solid experimental proof that the world is actually constructed of tiny vibrating strings .
And even this bridge applies to only one facet of gauge theory .
Bridging this gap for other facets will be necessary to enable physicists to understand fundamentally the interiors of the protons and neutrons that make up the earth beneath our feet .
" I think there is hope that other facets of gauge theory are amenable to similar treatment , " Klebanov said .
" We do n't know for sure if we can use this discovery to address other problems , but at least we now have new methods for bridging the gap between the weakly and strongly interacting regimes of the gauge theory . "
Source : Princeton University
Scientists at Yokohama National University in Japan have built a highly efficient room - temperature nanometer - scale laser that produces stable , continuous streams of near - infrared laser light .
The overall device has a width of several microns , while the part of the device that actually produces laser light has dimensions at the nanometer scale in all directions .
The laser uses only a microwatt of power , one of the smallest operating powers ever achieved .
This nanolaser design should be useful in future miniaturized circuits containing optical devices .
The researchers present their nanolaser in the latest issue of Optics Express , an open - access journal published by the Optical Society of America .
The laser is made of a semiconductor material known as gallium indium arsenide phosphate ( GaInAsP ) .
The laser 's small size and efficiency were made possible by employing a design , first demonstrated at the California Institute of Technology in 1999 , known as a photonic - crystal laser .
In this design , researchers drill a repeating pattern of holes through the laser material .
This pattern is called a photonic crystal .
The researchers deliberately introduced an irregularity , or defect , into the crystal pattern , for example by slightly shifting the positions of two holes .
Together , the photonic crystal pattern and the defect prevent light waves of most colors ( frequencies ) from existing in the structure , with the exception of a small band of frequencies that can exist in the region near the defect .
By operating at room temperature and in a mode where laser light is emitted continuously , the new nanolaser from Yokohama National University distinguishes itself from previous designs .
For a laser device that depends on the delicate effects of quantum mechanics , the random noise associated with even a moderately warm environment usually overwhelms the process of producing laser light .
Yet this laser operates at room temperature .
It also produces a continuous output of light , rather than a series of pulses .
This desirable continuous operation is more difficult to achieve because it requires careful management of the device 's power consumption and heat dissipation .
According to Yokohama researcher Toshihiko Baba , the new nanolaser can be operated in two modes depending what kind of " Q " value is chosen .
Q refers to quality factor , the ability for an oscillating system to continue before running out of energy .
A common example of an oscillating system would be a tuning fork .
The higher its Q value , the longer it will ring after being struck .
Lasers are oscillating systems because they produce light waves that repeatedly bounce back and forth inside the device to build up a beam .
Nanolasers operated in a high - Q mode ( 20,000 ) will be useful for optical devices in tiny chips ( optical integrated circuits ) .
In a moderate - Q ( 1500 ) configuration the nanolaser needs only an extremely small amount of external power to bring the device to the threshold of producing laser light .
In this near - thresholdless operation , the same technology will permit the emission of very low light levels , even single photons .
Source : Optical Society of America
Explore further Scientists capture light in a polymeric quasicrystal
As Barney from How I met your mother would say , Watch your feet cuz I ’m about to drop some knowledge !
In today ’s show , I ’m going to reveal some concepts which will make you say “ hmm ” , concepts that science has shed its ’ light on to try and make us understand the constant battle between men and women .
Are you ready , boys and girls ?
Let ’s begin :
Semen Wars : A New Hope
Ever wonder what ’s in the content of male semen ?
Really ?!
Gross , get a hobby !
Anyway , it consists of two things : Sperm and Seminal Plasma .
The plasma is basically just a transport fluid , although it has been shown to carry some elements that act as an anti-depressant for women .
Our main focus , however , is the Sperm .
Unknown to many , there are several kinds of sperm in a shot of passion blast , for some their purpose in life is to get to an egg .. for the others however .. they must kill !
That ’s right , every time you launch a payload you ’re actually sending out a fully loaded assault team .
Team A searches for the egg and try to break in ( not knowing it ’s a trap .. bad intel ) meanwhile Team B starts firing its ’ blasters and rockets looking for rival sperm teams ( from other men ?
Cheatin whore ! ) .
Who knew it was such a battle ?
Whale Sex : The Next Generation Ã‚Â
So why in the heck do we need killer sperm ?
Simple .. humans were designed to have whale sex !
Huh ?!
Well .. this is basically how whales do the nasty .. female whale gets all hot and bothered and starts leaving a slimy trail of “ come get me ” juice ..
a guy whale goes “ woohoo ! ” and runs up to her , fires off a few rounds and heads off for a well - deserved nap .
A few minutes later another guy whale steps up and repeats the process .. and another .. and another .
Inside that female ( whore ! ) whale , there ’s a massive “ Command and Conquer ” - style assault going on .. the strongest sperm wins !
C’mon Skid Vis .. oh great master , you gotta be kiddin !
Am I ?
Then riddle me this , batman ..
Why do guys finish sooner than gals ?
Why do we feel the urge to sleep immediately afterwards ?
Well , think about it .. girl gets hot , you jump in .. do your thing , then your brain starts feeding you sedatives so you ’re not all rowdy as the next guys steps in to do his thing while the gal is still primed and trying to get hers !
Makes sense , no ?
So what are you saying ?
I should let Joey do my girl ?
Hells no !
I ai n’t saying shiite !
I ’m just sayin .. ya know ?
I ’m just filling in some blanks .. trying to entertain you while you ’re at work .. bored .. wishing you were a whale .. gettin some .
Well .. that ’s that .. the price of tea in China has now been affected .
Dianne Feinstein Getty Images Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook
In January , as part of their " 100 hours agenda , " House Democrats passed a measure designed to fix a $ 10 billion mistake that gave huge royalty breaks to oil companies that drill on federal land .
Now , two key Democrats with political ties to the oil and gas industry are contemplating a gentler approach to correcting what the Interior Department 's Inspector General has called " a jaw - dropping example of bureaucratic bungling . "
INSPECTOR : Blunder was made worse by inaction Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Jeff Bingaman , who both represent energy - producing states , say worries over a possible lawsuit from the oil industry have led them to consider other alternatives , including an industry - supported plan that would offer three - year lease extensions to companies that agree to begin paying royalties .
At issue is a foul - up that happened under President Clinton and was compounded by inaction during the Bush administration .
A price cap was left out of offshore drilling leases negotiated in 1998 and 1999 , and the missing language allowed the companies to avoid royalties when oil prices spiked .
Inspector General Earl Devaney concluded that the omission was inadvertent , but in January , he faulted what he called the " shockingly cavalier " response when top Interior officials became aware of it in 2004 .
If it remains uncorrected , the mistake is slated to cost taxpayers $ 10 billion .
The government so far has lost at least $ 1 billion , according to the Government Accountability Office .
No proposal would recover that money , because royalties can't be imposed retroactively .
The House bill seeks to require companies to renegotiate their faulty leases or pay a conservation fee .
Those that decline would be banned from future deals .
Just six of 59 leaseholders have voluntarily renegotiated to date , according to the Interior Department .
But Bingaman , D - N.M. , who chairs the Energy and Natural Resources Committee , said in an interview this week that he believes the House plan may not be legal .
The oil industry and the Bush administration have argued it threatens the sanctity of signed contracts .
" I would prefer to find something that would withstand legal challenge , " said Bingaman , who said he was still weighing options .
" The way I would like to proceed is to find something that the administration thinks will pass muster . "
The Bush administration has come out publicly for a plan that has drawn criticism from environmentalists :
Entice the oil companies to renegotiate the faulty leases by extending their five - to 10 - year contracts for three years without bids .
Bingaman has n't endorsed that plan , but Feinstein , D - Calif. , who chairs the Appropriations subcommittee that funds the Interior Department , publicly embraced it two weeks ago during a committee hearing .
Bingaman was the top recipient of oil and gas contributions among Senate Democrats in 2001 - 06 , raising $ 115,484 , according to figures from the Center for Responsive Politics , a non-partisan group that tracks campaign money .
The donations included $ 5,000 from ChevronTexaco 's political action committee , $ 8,000 from El Paso Corp . 's PAC and $ 7,315 from Dominion 's PAC , according to the non-partisan PoliticalMoneyLine .
Their subsidiaries hold some of the leases in question and have declined to renegotiate , according to the Interior Department .
" The oil and gas industry is a significant part of the economy here in New Mexico , " Bingaman said , but the contributions in no way " affect my view that they need to pay a fair and reasonable royalty . "
Feinstein has received $ 50,000 from oil and gas interests in the past six years , including $ 10,000 from ChevronTexaco 's PAC , the center says .
Her spokesman , Scott Gerber , said campaign money does not influence her .
He also sought to temper her previous public statement , saying she favors the House approach " unless we can find a better alternative . "
House Democrats question why companies should be rewarded for correcting what most agree was an error .
They point out that the non-partisan Congressional Research Service said the House bill would pass legal muster .
" I think that the House has constructed a formula which will result in the American people receiving every dollar , " said Rep. Ed Markey , D - MA , one of the authors of the House language .
" I do n't see any reason to give the oil companies an additional windfall profit . "
The American Petroleum Institute , the oil industry 's advocacy arm , considers the House plan " a step backwards for U.S. energy security , " spokeswoman Karen Matusic said .
The oil industry spent $ 72.5 million lobbying Congress last year .
Sen. Pete Domenici , R - N.M. , the ranking Republican on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee , believes the House plan will prompt lawsuits that could suspend offshore drilling , spokesman Matt Letourneau said .
" This whole notion that litigation is going to shut down oil and gas leasing in the Gulf of Mexico is kind of ludicrous , " countered Erich Pica , of the environmental group Friends of the Earth .
Many Republican senators have raised more from the oil industry than Feinstein and Bingaman , including Domenici , who received $ 196,558 from industry interests during his last term , according to the center .
" At no time do campaign contributions affect Sen. Domenici 's decision - making , " Letourneau said .
" It 's his goal to make the treasury as whole as possible ; however , he believes we should do it in a way that does not threaten domestic energy production . "
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge By Chris Graythen , AP An oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico .
A republican lawmaker says a House bill could prompt lawsuits that could suspend drilling .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Ed , man !
!man ed
ED(1 ) UNIX Programmer 's Manual ED(1 ) NAME ed - text editor SYNOPSIS ed [ - ] [ -x ] [ name ]
DESCRIPTION
Ed is the standard text editor .
Computer Scientists love ed , not just because it comes first alphabetically , but because it 's the standard .
Everyone else loves ed because it's ED !
" Ed is the standard text editor . "
And ed does n't waste space on my Timex Sinclair .
Just look :
- -rwxr-xr-x 1 root 24 Oct 29 1929 / bin/ed - - rwxr-xr-t 4 root 1310720 Jan 1 1970 /usr/ucb/vi - - rwxr-xr-x 1 root 5.89824e37 Oct 22 1990 /usr/bin/emacs
Of course , on the system * I* administrate , vi is symlinked to ed .
Emacs has been replaced by a shell script which 1 ) Generates a syslog message at level LOG_EMERG ; 2 ) reduces the user 's disk quota by 100K ; and 3 ) RUNS ED !!!!!!
" Ed is the standard text editor . "
Let 's look at a typical novice 's session with the mighty ed :
golem > ed ? help ? ? ? quit ?
exit ?
bye ?
hello ? ?
eat flaming death ?
^C ? ^C ? ^D ?
Note the consistent user interface and error reportage .
Ed is generous enough to flag errors , yet prudent enough not to overwhelm the novice with verbosity .
" Ed is the standard text editor . "
Ed , the greatest WYGIWYG editor of all .
ED IS THE TRUE PATH TO NIRVANA !
ED HAS BEEN THE CHOICE OF EDUCATED AND IGNORANT ALIKE FOR CENTURIES !
ED WILL NOT CORRUPT YOUR PRECIOUS BODILY FLUIDS !!
ED IS THE STANDARD TEXT EDITOR !
ED MAKES THE SUN SHINE AND THE BIRDS SING AND THE GRASS GREEN !!
When I use an editor , I do n't want eight extra KILOBYTES of worthless help screens and cursor positioning code !
I just want an EDitor !!
Not a " viitor " .
Not a " emacsitor " .
Those are n't even WORDS !!!!
ED !
ED ! ED IS THE STANDARD !!!
When IBM , in its ever - present omnipotence , needed to base their " edlin " on a UNIX standard , did they mimic vi ?
No. Emacs ?
Surely you jest .
They chose the most karmic editor of all .
The standard .
Ed is for those who can * remember * what they are working on .
If you are an idiot , you should use Emacs .
If you are an Emacs , you should not be vi .
If you use ED , you are on THE PATH TO REDEMPTION .
THE SO - CALLED " VISUAL " EDITORS HAVE BEEN PLACED HERE BY ED TO TEMPT THE FAITHLESS .
DO NOT GIVE IN !!!
THE MIGHTY ED HAS SPOKEN !!!
Let me first thank you for inviting me to deliver the Sir D. B. Jayatilleke commemoration lecture .
The invitation was accepted with mixed feelings of diffidence and hope — diffidence because our own thinking sometimes reflects the very conditions that generates the turmoil around us ; hope because in the message of the Buddha there is a ray of light that will help us to emerge out of this predicament with clarity of thought and purpose .
There is a need for clarity not only in the way we think , but in the way we feel , and incidentally the affective dimension of man provides thematic content of today 's lecture .
In this context Sir D. B. Jayatilleke is to us basically a nation builder , and a nation builder who firmly stood on the soil of our cultural traditions .
This lecture is presented as a tribute to this great national leader of Sri Lanka .
We shall first raise the question , What is the place of emotions in Buddhism , then move on to an analysis of specific emotions — fear , hatred , sorrow and grief — and finally to the four sublime states .
Having discussed the negative and positive aspects of emotions within the ethics and the psychology of Buddhism , we shall raise some questions regarding the aesthetic aspect of emotions in Buddhism .
The Place of Emotions in Buddhism
Emotions are generally regarded in the mind of the Buddhist as aspects of our personality that interfere with the development of a spiritual life , as unwholesome states ethically undesirable , and roadblocks to be cleared in the battleground between reason and emotion .
In keeping with this perspective emotions are described as states of " agitation " or " imbalance . " [ 1 ]
While a large number of emotional states discussed in Buddhist texts fit in to this description , are we to accept that all the emotions are of this sort ?
Within the field of experimental psychology , some accept that emotions can be both organizing ( making behavior more effective ) and disorganizing .
In the field of ethics , the place of emotions in the moral life is a neglected subject , but a few voices in the contemporary world have expressed opinions which bring out the relevance of the psychology of emotions to moral assessment , reminding us of the very refreshing discussions in Aristotle 's Nichomachean Ethics .
In these discussions too there is an acceptance of the creative role of emotions in the moral life of man .
It may be that there is an emotional aspect of man that distorts his reasoning , feeds his prejudices and darkens his vision , but should we not look for an emotional facet in man that expands one 's horizons of thinking , breaks through our egotism , sharpens a healthy sense of the tragic and evokes the ennobling emotions of sympathy and compassion for fellow man ?
There are young people all over the world today torn between the world of the senses with its excitement and boredom and " path of renunciation " about which they are not clear , as it combines a sense of rebellion , escape , mystery , and a search for the exotic East .
I am sure the message of the Buddha presents to them a philosophy of life that will combine non-attachment with zest for doing things .
This evening , let us turn our minds towards an aspect of this modern predicament , with the hope of discovering a little light in the ancient wisdom of the Buddha , a light that may help us to see clearly the nature of the little world of turmoil that surrounds us .
Our discussion today is not a matter of mere academic interest .
The recent drama competition organized by the Kandy Y.M.B.A. , an attempt to present a drama based on the Buddhist Jataka stories , is the kind of venture that makes us think that the " education of the emotions " is not alien to the Buddhist tradition .
This talk will be concerned with the psychological , the ethical and , to a limited extent , the aesthetic dimension of emotions .
What are emotions ?
An emotion is the meaning we give to our felt states of arousal .
Psychologists consider emotions to be complex states involving diverse aspects .
On the one hand an emotion is a physiological state of arousal ; on the other , it also involves an object as having a certain significance or value to the individual .
Emotions are dynamically fed by our drives and dispositions ; they are also interlocked with other emotions , related to an individual 's beliefs , a wide - ranging network of symbols and the " cultural ethos " of a society .
Emotions basically involve dispositions to act by way of approach or withdrawal .
Let us take an example to illustrate this .
A man who walks a long distance across a forest track feels thirsty , he is attracted by the sight of water in a passing stream and he approaches ; but there is a fierce animal close to the stream and he is impelled to withdraw or fight ; if he withdraws he might then have a general feeling of anxiety , and if he gets back home safely he will be relieved .
Thus perception of objects and situations is followed by a kind of appraisal of them as attractive or harmful .
These appraisals initiate tendencies to feel in a certain manner and an impulse to act in a desirable way .
All states of appraisal do not initiate action ; for instance , in joy we like a passive continuation of the existing state and in grief we generally give up hope .
Though there may be certain biologically built - in patterns of expressing emotions , learning plays a key role .
Learning influences both the type and intensity of arousal as well as the control and expression of emotions .
The emotional development of people has been the subject of serious study .
There are significant differences in the emotional development of people depending on the relevant cultural and social variables .
In fact , certain societies are prone to give prominence to certain types of emotions ( a dominant social ethos ) .
There are also differences regarding the degree of expressiveness and control of emotions .
The important point is that each of us develops a relatively consistent pattern of emotional development , colored by the individual 's style of life .
The Psychology of Emotions in Buddhism
An emotion occurs generally when an object is considered as something attractive or repulsive .
There is a felt tendency impelling people towards suitable objects and impelling them to move away from unsuitable or harmful objects .
The individual also perceives and judges the situation in relation to himself as attractive or repulsive .
While a person feels attraction ( saarajjati ) for agreeable material shape , he feels repugnance ( byaapajjati ) for disagreeable material shapes .
An individual thus possessed of like ( anurodha ) and dislike ( virodha ) approaches pleasure - giving objects and avoids painful objects . [ 2 ]
Pleasant feelings ( sukhaa vedanaa ) and painful feelings ( dukkhaa vedanaa ) are affective reactions to sensations .
When we make a judgment in terms of hedonic tone of these affective reactions , there are excited in us certain dispositions to possess the object ( greed ) , to destroy it ( hatred ) , to flee from it ( fear ) , to get obsessed and worried over it ( anxiety ) , and so on .
Our attitudes which have been formed in the past influence our present reactions to oncoming stimuli , and these attitudes are often rooted in dynamic personality traits .
These attitudes , according to Buddha , are not always the result of deliberations at a conscious level , but emerge on deep - rooted proclivities referred to as anusaya .
Pleasant feelings induce an attachment to pleasant objects , as they rouse latent sensuous greed ( raagaanusaya ) , painful feelings rouse latent anger and hatred ( pa.tighaanusaya ) .
States like pride , jealousy , elation , etc. , can also be explained in terms of similar proclivities ( anusaya ) . [ 3 ]
It is even said that such proclivities as leaning towards pleasurable experience ( kaama raagaanusaya ) and malevolence ( byaapaadaanusaya ) are found latent even in " an innocent baby boy lying on his back . " [ 4 ]
The motivational side of the emotions can be grasped by a study of the six roots of motivation ( muula ) .
They fall into two groups , wholesome ( kusala ) and unwholesome ( akusala ) .
The unwholesome roots are greed ( lobha ) , hatred ( dosa ) , and delusion ( moha ) , while the wholesome roots are non-greed , non-hatred , and non-delusion .
Greed generates the approach desires in the form of the drive for self - preservation ( bhava - ta.nhaa ) and the drive for sensuous pursuits ( kaama - ta. nhaa ) ; hatred generates the avoidance desires in the form of the drive for annihilation and aggressive tendencies ( vibhava - ta.nhaa ) .
[ 5 ]
In keeping with our initial observations , non-greed , non-hatred , and non-delusion should be considered as the springs of wholesome or ethically desirable emotions .
In fact , in a study of the impact of the wholesome roots on the forms of wholesome consciousness , the following significant observations has been made by the Venerable Nyanaponika Maha Thera :
" Non -greed and non -hate may , according to the particular case , have either a mainly negative meaning signifying absence of greed and hate ; or they may posses a distinctly positive character , for example : non-greed as renunciation , liberality ; non-hate as amity , kindness , forbearance .
Non-delusion has always a positive meaning : for it represents the knowledge which motivates the respective state of consciousness .
In their positive aspects , non-greed and non-hate are likewise strong motives of good actions .
They supply the non-rational , volitional or emotional motives , while non-delusion represents the rational motive of a good thought or action . " [ 6 ]
In the light of this analysis it is plausible to accept non-greed and non-hatred as the sources of healthy and positive emotions .
It is also interesting to note that non-delusion is the basis of good reasons for ethical behavior .
A wrong ethical perspective also may be conditioned by one 's desires and emotions .
In the light of the Buddha 's analysis , a materialistic ethics , influenced by the annihilationist view ( uccheda di.t. thi ) , [ 7 ] may itself be conditioned by desires .
On account of desire there is clinging ( ta.nhaa - paccayaa di.t.thi-upaadaana.m ) , and clinging is said to be of four forms , one of which is clinging to metaphysical beliefs .
[ 8 ]
Thus there can be rational motives for good actions as well as rationalizations influenced by emotions .
What is of importance in the observation we cited is that the Buddhist psychology of emotions does provide a base for creative emotional response , a point which , if accepted , has significant implications for Buddhist ethics , social theory and even art and aesthetics .
While we shall come to the role of the creative emotions as we proceed , let us now examine in detail the specific emotions discussed by Buddha .
First we shall discuss the nature of fear , anger , guilt , and grief , and then move on to the four sublime states of loving - kindness , compassion , sympathetic joy , and equanimity .
Regarding the range of our analysis , our study of emotions is basically limited to the psychodynamics of emotional states .
However , there is a significant range of factors emerging out of socio-economic structure of a particular society .
Differing economic and social structures stimulate differing types of psychological drives .
Sometimes , even when the socio- economic conditions change , the character structure of individuals is slow to change .
In general , whether it be the desire to acquire or desire to share and care for others , these desires are in truth dependent on certain social structures for nourishment and existence .
The desires to save and hoard , to protect and accumulate , to spend and consume , to share and sacrifice , have significant relations to the values embedded in a certain society .
The emergence of greed and hatred or compassion and sympathy is related to the value system of a society .
Fear
If we glance through the discourses of the Buddha as preserved in the Pali canon , the available material on the nature of emotions appears to be dispersed and colored by the nature of the diverse contextual situations where emotions are discussed .
However , in general there appear to be four types of situations where the nature of emotions is discussed : emotions obstructing the ideal of good life sought by the layman , emotions that interfere with the recluse seeking the path to perfection , emotions enhancing the layman 's ideal of good life , and emotions developed by the recluse seeking the path of perfection .
The grouping of emotions in this manner brings an ethical and spiritual dimension to the psychology of emotions in Buddhism .
In the context of the psychology of the West , the undesirable emotions are those that create adjustive problems and impair our mental health , and those desirable are valuable as an adaptive resource .
Delineation of mental health merely in terms of adjustment is being questioned in some psychological groups in the West , and new horizons have emerged , a trend which might help to bridge the gap between the psychology of Buddhism and the currently dominant psychology of the West . [ 9 ]
Fear generally arises as a response to a danger which is of a specific nature , whereas anxiety arises as a reaction to a danger which is not clearly seen .
In anxiety , both the nature of the object and one 's attitude to it are not clearly recognized .
However , these states fade off into each other in certain contexts .
Bhaya in Pali can be rendered as fear , fright , or dread .
Regarding the genesis of the emotion of fear , there are at least two clear types of situations which cause fear .
Fear is often caused by strong desires ( ta.nhaaya jaayati bhaya . m ) [ 10 ]
Strong desires and attachment to either persons or things cause fear because if we cling to some precious and valuable object , we have to defend it against loss or theft ; thieves can even be a serious threat to one 's life .
If one is tremendously attached to a person , and if the person is struck by a serious sickness , a concern for his well - being turns into a fear .
The possibility of death causes anguish and anxiety .
It is the same with the attachment to one 's own self : a threat to one 's life , sickness , the threat of losing one 's job or reputation — all these situations are conditions for the emergence of fear .
It is due to the strong self - preservative drive ( bhavata. nhaa ) which in turn is fed by the bhavaraaga anusaya ( the lurking tendency to crave for existence ) that fear becomes such an agitating condition .
Apart from the drive for self - preservation , the desire for power , lust , jealousy and pride are intimately related to the emergence of fear .
As we mentioned earlier , some emotions are interlocked with other emotions , as is the case , for instance , with jealousy , pride , and fear .
The second type of fear is the consequence of leading an undesirable life .
Here the emotion of fear is related to the emotion of guilt .
In this context the emotion of fear has an unhealthy destructive aspect and a positive healthy aspect .
If a person is burdened with a heavy sense of pathological remorse , it has a bad effect ; it creates worry and restlessness .
On the other hand a lively sense of moral dread and shame ( hiri - ottappa ) prevents man from taking to an evil life and forms the basis of responsibility and a civic sense .
The damaging aspect of a heavy conscience in respect to morals has been the subject of discussion since the work of Sigmund Freud .
In admonishing both the laymen and the recluse regarding the bad effects of a pathological sense of guilt , the Buddha refers to a person who is subject to anxiety , fear and dejection : a person who has done the wrong thing fears that other people talk about him , and if he is in a place where people meet together , he fears that others are talking about him .
When he sees others being punished by the king , he thinks that the same will happen to him and is disturbed by this possibility .
Finally , when he is resting on a chair or the bed , these thoughts come to him and he fears that he will be born in a bad place .
" Monks , as at eventide the shadows of the great mountain peaks rest , lie and settle on the earth , so , monks , do these evil deeds ... lie and settle on him . " [ 11 ]
The kind of fear and guilt that disturbs the man here is different from a healthy and productive sense of shame and fear ( hiri - ottappa ) .
In the Anguttara Nikaya there is a reference to four types of fears : Fear of self - reproach ( attaanuvaada bhaya ) , fear of others ' reproach ( paraanuvaada bhaya ) , fear of punishment ( da.n.da bhaya ) and fear of lower worlds ( duggati bhaya ) .
In this context these fears have a good effect on the person : " he abandons evil , " and " develops the practice of good . "
Fear is often found mixed with hatred ( even self - hate ) and discontent , and this is often so in the emergence of pathological guilt .
Kukkucca , which can be rendered as uneasiness of conscience , remorse or worry , is considered a hindrance to spiritual development .
It is associated with a hateful and discontented consciousness , similar to the Freudian super - ego consisting of aggressive elements .
Among people who are disappointed with the way that they have lived in the past , some successfully change into better and productive men ; others who take a more unrewarding line display a complex admixture of fear , hatred , and guilt . [ 12 ]
The religious melancholy , the self - punishing ascetics , and similar types have an unproductive sense of fear and dread .
Restlessness and worry are described in the Nikayas with an apt analogy : if a pot of water were shaken by the wind so that the water trembles , eddies , and ripples , and a man were to look there for his own reflection , he would not see it .
Thus restlessness and worry blind one 's vision of oneself , and form an obstruction to the development of tranquility and insight . [ 13 ]
Hiri -ottappa ( shame and dread ) , however , is a positive and healthy sense which must be cultivated and developed .
In the words of Mrs. Rhys Davis , " Taken together they give us the emotional and conative aspects of the modern nation of conscience , just as sati represents it on its intellectual side . " [ 14 ]
He who lacks these positive emotions lacks a conscience .
In a recent study of " Morality and Emotions , " [ 15 ]
Bernard Williams says that if we grasp the distinction made in Kleinian psychoanalytical work between " persecutory guilt " and " reparative guilt " we do not neglect the possibility of a creative aspect for remorse or guilt : " He who thinks he has done wrong may not just torment himself , he may seek to put things together again .
In this rather evident possibility , we not only have in general a connection between the emotions and the moral life , we also have something that illustrates the point ... about the interpretation of a set of actions in terms of an emotional structure . "
It is also of interest to note that a student of Buddhism in the West has made an analysis of the " Dynamics of Confession in Early Buddhism . " [ 16 ]
Teresine
Havens too says that in place of the external rites of purification ( like bathing in the river , etc. ) advocated by existing religions , the Buddha advocated a radical inner transformation of the affective side of man .
According to Havens , the Buddha was as realistic as Freud or St. Paul in accepting and " recognizing the egocentric , lustful , hostile and grasping proclivities in unawakened man . " [ 17 ]
While advocating a method to uproot these traits , the Buddha " condemned worry over past offenses as a hindrance to concentration and found a religion which in general seems to have produced far fewer neurotic guilt feelings than has Judaism and Christianity . " [ 18 ]
The Buddha has thus presented the principles of the catharsis of emotions , which have certainly caught the eyes of many contemporary students of Buddhism in the West .
Fear and Anxiety
Often we make a distinction between fear and anxiety .
Fear is a response to a specific situation or a particular object .
It is specific and demonstrable , whereas dread is objectless , diffuse , and vague .
In anxiety both the nature of the object and one 's attitude to it are not clearly recognized .
Anxiety is generally caused by ego - centered desires of diverse types .
There are some anxieties or vague apprehensions which under clear analysis can be reduced to some specific fear .
For instance , a person approaching the possibility of marriage may feel some fear due to financial problems or a sense of apprehension whether the marriage would be success , but such vague apprehension could again under analysis be explained in a specific form .
The Buddha says that there is a more basic type of anxiety due to our deep - rooted attachment to the ego .
Thus in the words of Conze there is a type of " concealed suffering " [ 19 ] which lies behind much of everyday apprehensions .
These emerge from the nature of the basic human condition : something which , while pleasant , is tied up with anxiety , as one is afraid to lose it .
Here anxiety is inseparable from attachment ; something while pleasant binds us to conditions which are the grounds on which a great deal of suffering is inevitable , like the possession of a body ; and finally the five aggregates ( khandha ) have a kind of built - in anxiety .
Inability to face the inner vacuity of the so - called ego results in a flight from anxiety : some facets symptomatic of this overt anxiety are the frantic effort of people to join clubs , compulsive gregariousness , seeking to fill one 's leisure by frantic activity such as motoring , and such diversions which will help people to avoid being alone . [ 20 ]
The love of solitude and the way of silence advocated by the Buddha is anathema to large numbers of people who live in the " lonely crowd " !
The Buddha traces this predilection of the " anxious " man to his inability to grasp the basic truth of egolessness , which is the key to understand any form of anxiety .
The belief in " I " and " Mine , " though it gives a superficial feeling of security , is the cause of anxiety , fear , and worry .
The discourse on The Snake Simile refers to anxiety ( paritissanaa ) about unrealities that are external and those that are internal ; external unrealities refer to houses or gold that one possesses , or children and friends , and internal to the non-existing " I " .
The Bhaya - bherava Sutta ( Discourse on Fear and Dread ) says that purely subjective conditions can cause fear in a recluse who has gone to the forest .
If a recluse who has gone to the forest has not mastered his emotions like lust and covetousness , is corrupt in heart , etc. , the rustling of fallen leaves by the wind or the breaking of the twig by an animal can cause fear and dread .
Thus , whether we are dealing with the fears of man attached to his possessions , the anxieties of one torn between conflicting desires , the fear and dread arising in the recluse gone to the wilderness , or the fears consequent on leading a bad life — in all these senses , the Buddha is for us a " dispeller of fear , dread , and panic . " [ 21 ]
Now the most important question is , " Is there no creative existential stirring that awakens man to his real predicament ? "
There are references to authentic religious emotions caused by the contemplation of miseries in the world .
The emotion of sa.mvega , translated as " stirring " or " deeply moving , " can be an invigorating experience which enhances one 's faith and understanding of Dhamma . [ 22 ]
The sa.mvega that is referred to here as an emotional state of existential stirring should be distinguished from paritassanaa , which is a kind of anxiety .
The doctrine of the Buddha is compared to a lion 's roar . [ 23 ]
In the forest , when the lesser creatures hear the roar of the king of the beast , they tremble .
In the same way when the devas who are long - lived and blissful hear the doctrine of conditioned origination they tremble , but they yet understand the Buddha 's doctrine of impermanence .
This should be compared with the state paritassanaa , where a person finds his eternalism challenged , but sees the doctrine of the Buddha through the eyes of an annihilationist , and laments , " ' I ' will be annihilated . "
When sa.mvega is kindled in a person , he sticks to the doctrine with more earnestness .
Fear and Emotional Ambivalence
Fear is something which by its very nature entails " avoidance , " but there is a strange phenomenon which may be described as " flirting with fear . "
There are people who search for forms of entertainment and sports which excite a mild degree of fear , like participating in mountain climbing that can be dangerous , motor sports , fire walking , etc. ; there are others who like to read , see , and talk about gruesome incidents .
A person who goes to see wildlife would like a little excitement rather than plainly see the animals at a distance .
This kind of ambivalent nature is found in behavior where a mild degree of fear created by situations helps people to break through monotony and boredom .
Also disgust with life and one 's own self can make people court situations , which are a danger to their life .
Freud 's study of the death instinct ( which we have elsewhere compared with vibhava ta. nhaa ) might shed some light on this rather dark facet of human nature .
Even in ancient Rome it was said that people wanted both bread and circus .
It is possible that situations of disorder , turmoil , and violence , etc. , are fed by this ambivalent nature .
Another facet of this compulsion to " flirt with fear " is found in the strange delight people find in violating taboos , laws , and commands .
When desires are curbed through fear they are repressed and emerge through other channels .
The coexistence of states which are condemned at the conscious level and approved at the unconscious level partly explain this compulsion to violate taboos .
There are other types of irrational fears presently unearthed in the field of abnormal psychology , [ 24 ] which stresses that an undesirable situation has to be avoided on the basis of understanding rather than by an irrational fear or a process of drilling .
The Control and Expression of Fear
This brings us to the final aspect of the questions regarding the emotion of fear .
The Buddha was not much directly concerned with the question whether the spontaneous expression of an emotion is good or whether it should be inhibited .
He held that , rather , by a process of self - understanding , diligent self - analysis , and insight one can come to the point where emotions will not overwhelm him .
A recent study which attempts to work out a technique of living based on Buddhist principles has something significant to say on this problem . [ 25 ]
Leonard Bullen says that there are three aspects to the disciplining of emotions : first is the development of a habit of self - observation with regard to one 's emotional condition ( a detailed observation of the mental state ) ; the second involves the control of emotional manifestations as they arise ; and finally the development of a new set of values , so that the situations which earlier elicited the responses of fear will fail to do so .
As Bullen himself points out , the disciplining of emotions at the level of the individual has social implications .
If we begin with ourselves we do not excite the emotions of fear , hatred , jealousy , and pride in others .
If others do not excite them in us , we are not impelled to see the shadows of our own fears and jealousies in the bosom of their own hearts .
Self - analysis and understanding when practiced with within a community has a reciprocal effect .
The emotion of fear when it is generated at the social level creates mutual mistrust , suspicion , and hatred .
The roots of racial prejudices , for instance , can be understood in the light of this phenomenon of mutual fear .
The problem of the young has to be dealt with at the level of the family .
It may be said in this connection that ambivalent feelings of love and hatred within the family , irrational fears and guilt complexes , have a very bad impact on children .
At the school level the medium of art , literature , and drama could do much to honestly encounter the problem emerging out of the affective side of man .
If young people do not get a glimpse of their own emotional facets , there is the possibility that they create their own forms of rebellion and defiance .
There are already in the West today emerging marginal faiths of a highly exotic nature , some of which are generated by fears and impulsion of immature minds ; some of these " marginal faiths " may be described as forms of siilabbatapaaraamasa ( rite and ritual clinging ) .
On the other hand , there may be an unexpected ray of hope in the rebellion of the young mind trying to break through certain forms of conventional thinking , which to them lack the warmth , ardor , and sincerity of a dynamic faith .
It is by a spirited rejuvenation of our own traditions that we respond to this challenge with sympathy and understanding .
Let our reflections this evening be a very humble attempt to pursue the problem in this direction .
Hatred
Emotions often create a kind of fog between the subject and the object .
In " approach desires , " like greed , there is an infatuation due to which the person is blind to the undesirable aspects of the objects which he longs to possess .
In the case of " avoidance desires " generated by fear , and more so by hatred , the subject projects his hatred in perceiving the object ; in extreme anger his vision is blinded , like the fury of a serpent .
Thus there is a positive attitude regarding things we like and a negative aversion for those we dislike .
If we desire to avoid a situation or a person we dislike , and we cannot do so , there is excited in us an urge to destroy , harm , fight , etc .
The actual human situation is a little more complicated , as sometimes a certain aspect of an object attracts us , whereas another aspect repels us , and if so , under certain conditions what is lovable will turn out to be repulsive .
The kind of emotional ambivalence that exists between parents and children is a case in point .
Then there are things that we consciously like but unconsciously detest .
In the ethico - psychological analysis of emotions that we find in Buddhism , there are a number of terms used to connote the existence and expression of anger and hatred : dosa ( hate ) , vyaapaada ( ill - will ) , pa.tigha ( aversion ) , kodha ( anger ) , etc .
Hatred is also related to the states such as issaa ( envy ) , macchariya ( jealousy ) and hiina maana ( inferiority conceit ) .
Dosa ( hate ) is one of the basic roots of immoral action , along with greed and delusion .
Sometimes in a particular situation all the roots of immoral action may be excited : a person is longing to obtain object X , but A stands in his way .
Thus greed for X is followed by a hatred for A , and the desire for X is in turn nourished by the root delusion .
The expression of hatred can take various forms , by way of thought ( wishing the person dies ) , by way of harsh words , and by way of aggressive behavior .
Due to certain forms of development that the human being has undergone , people often do not speak out their feelings but , by a process of repression and concealment , accumulate them .
Accumulated anger of this sort can explode in very many subtle forms , as such anger exists at a subterranean level in the form of the pa.tighaanusaya .
A baby who is angry with the mother will direct this on to a doll — this is called " displacement . "
If a person takes pleasure in beating a child , he will say it will do the child good — this is a form of rationalization .
A person who unconsciously hates a person can be oversolicitous about his health — this is a reaction formation .
If a person suspects that another person is harboring a grievance against him without grounds , he is merely projecting his own hatred onto someone else .
We have elsewhere discussed this concept of self - deception , but it is relevant to the emotion of hatred for very good reason .
Hatred is an emotion which has been generally condemned by the Buddha , so it is difficult to think of any positive forms it may take , such as " righteous indignation " or a " just war . "
Thus it expresses itself in many subtle forms .
If a person starves himself to death because of a social grievance it may be a way of directing the accumulated hatred on to himself .
While suicide has been condemned by the Buddha , no form of self - torture can be accepted according to the path of the Buddha .
There is a classic case of the child who refused to take medicine , and finally through compulsion , drank it with a vengeance .
It is in the understanding of the deceptive spell of the aggressive urges in man that the Buddha condemned the path of self - mortification ( attakilamathaanuyoga ) .
It is a way of life that generates suffering ( dukkha ) , annoyance ( upaghaata ) , trouble ( upaayaasa ) and fret ( parilaaha ) .
The Buddha advocated a middle path that will dry up both the roots of greed and hatred , and delusion too .
It is in an era close to ours that Sigmund Freud remarked that the voice of aggression is sometimes subtle , invisible , and difficult to unravel .
It is perhaps the subtle appreciation [ 26 ] of these psychological mechanisms in Buddhism which made Rhys Davis remark that " compared with the ascetic excess of the times , the Buddhist standpoint was markedly hygienic . " [ 27 ]
Not merely does the Buddha grasp the subtle mechanism through which the aggressive urge manifests , but he has presented the finest antidote to the spring of hatred in man preaching the doctrine of the four sublime states .
If the genius for both good and evil rests within ourselves the Buddha has given us a sense of optimism to deal with the turmoil around us .
Though the Buddha attempted to deal with the emergence of hatred both at the social and individual level , the inner transformation of the individual is the basis on which the urge to aggression can be tamed .
Thus in working out the different levels of spiritual development , there are references to the forms of anger , hatred , and ill - will that obstruct man .
Hatred in the form of vyaapaada is referred to as one of the hindrances ( nivaara.na ) , along with sensuality , sloth and torpor , restlessness and remorse , and doubt .
Vyaapaada is one of the fetters that bind beings to the wheel of existence .
Vyaapaada ( ill - will ) , kodha ( anger ) and upanaaho ( malice ) , issaa ( envy ) and macchariya are considered as defilements ( upakkilesa ) in a list of sixteen defilements .
These defilements have to be eliminated for the development of insight .
These states work in significant combinations ; for instance , in contempt there is a combination of aversion and conceit , and denigration is a stronger form of this contempt . [ 28 ]
Envy is fed by greed and aversion .
If we succumb to the last defilement of negligence , then these defilements will form into a layer which is hard to break through , and has got hardened through habit .
It is in this way that we can account for the emergence of certain personality types , and the type referred to as the dosa carita will be the very embodiment of hatred .
There is a graphic description of the angry man in the Anguttara Nikaya , some of which we shall reproduce briefly :
When anger does possess a man ;
He looks ugly ; he lies in pain ;
What benefit he may come by He misconstrues as a mischance ;
He loses property ( through fines )
Because he has been working harm Through acts of body and speech
By angry passion overwhelmed ;
The wrath and rage that madden him Gain him a name of ill - repute ;
His fellows , relatives and kin Will seek to shun him from afar ;
And anger fathers misery :
This fury does so cloud the mind
Of man that he cannot discern
This fearful inner danger .
An angry man no meaning knows ,
No angry man sees the Dhamma , So wrapped in darkness , as if blind , Is he whom anger dogs .
Someone a man in anger hurts ;
But , when his anger is later spent With difficulty or with ease , He suffers as if seared by fire .
His look betrays the sulkiness
Of some dim smoky smoldering glow .
Whence may flare up an anger - blaze
That sets the world of men aflame .
He has no shame or conscience curb , No kindly words come forth from him , There is no island refuge for The man whom anger dogs .
Such acts as will ensure remorse , Such as are far from the true Dhamma :
It is of these that I would tell , So harken to my words .
Anger makes man a parricide , Anger makes him a matricide , Anger can make him slay the saint
As he would kill the common man .
Nursed and reared by a mother 's care , He comes to look upon the world , Yet the common man in anger kills
The being who gave him life .
No being but seeks his own self 's good , None dearer to him than himself , Yet men in anger kill themselves , Distraught for reasons manifold :
For crazed they stab themselves with daggers ,
In desperation swallow poison , Perish hanged by ropes , or fling Themselves over a precipice .
Yet how their life - destroying acts Bring death unto themselves as well , That they cannot discern , and that Is the ruin anger breeds .
This secret place , with anger 's aid , Is where mortality sets the snare .
To blot it out with discipline , With vision , strength , and understanding , To blot each fault out one by one , The wise man should apply himself , Training likewise in the true Dhamma ; " Let smoldering be far from us . "
Then rid of wrath and free from anger , And rid of lust and free from envy , Tamed , and with anger left behind , Taintless , they reach Nibbana .
— AN 7.60
On the therapeutic side there are many contexts where the Buddha offers advice to face situations , such that one 's anger , wrath , and ill - will not be excited , and if one is agitated there are techniques to get rid of them .
This is not a process of repression by which you push them into a lower level of consciousness , but a process by which understanding , insight , and mindfulness lead one to control and restraint .
While the Buddhist analysis of genesis of emotional states helps one to understand their emergence , positive techniques are advocated to deal with them and this is done in the case of anger , fear , greed , jealousy , or any such unwholesome emotional state .
The Vitakkasanthana Sutta recommends five techniques to deal with such states . [ 29 ]
Grief and Sorrow
Grief is a universal phenomenon .
It is basically a reaction to bereavement , but it is also consequent on other types of losses .
If there has been a close identification with the person or the thing lost , the person concerned feels as if a part of himself has been lost .
The most significant observations on the nature of " mourning and melancholy " were made by Sigmund Freud . [ 30 ]
When an object is charged with a strong emotional cathexis , or in Buddhist terminology " clinging " ( upaadaana ) , a sudden loss or separation creates a disturbing vacuum .
Feelings of guilt , depression , and self - pity may color the emotion of grief in various situations .
The Attahasaalinii warns that sometimes people will not be able to distinguish between sorrow and compassion ; while the distant enemy of compassion is cruelty , the close enemy is a kind of self - pity filled with worldly sorrow . [ 31 ]
While a deep sense of compassion has a power to transform a person spiritually , worldly sorrow binds him more insidiously to the wheel of sa.msaara .
Sorrow , grief , and lamentation are all facets of dukkha and can be overcome only by grasping the philosophy of the " tragic " in Buddhism . [ 32 ]
Mourning and weeping are not effective in dealing with the tragic .
We should understand the causes and conditions of suffering and work out a therapy to remove the causes of suffering .
The Buddhist attitude demands a sense of reality ; this is different from either excessive mourning or the use of diversions to drown one 's sorrow .
Dukkha is a universal feature of samsaric existence along with impermanence and egolessness .
The Buddha has said : " What is impermanent , that is suffering .
What is suffering , that is void of an ego . "
To think that there is an ego where there is only a changing psycho- physical complex is to create the conditions that generate sorrow , grief and dejection .
The Buddhist philosophy of tragedy is contained in the four noble truths : the truth of suffering , the origin of suffering , the extinction of suffering , the eightfold path leading to the extinction of suffering .
The nature of suffering is thus described by the Buddha : birth , decay , disease , death , sorrow , lamentation , pain , grief , and despair are suffering .
To be joined with the unpleasant and to be separated from the pleasant is suffering ; the failure to get what one wants is suffering .
In short , clinging to the five groups of mental and physical qualities that go to make up the individual constitutes suffering .
It is the last part of the formula that gives a sense of depth to the meaning of tragedy in Buddhism .
If the nature of the Buddhist analysis of Dukkha is understood , within that setting the confrontation with genuine tragic situations in life may have a positive role to play ; it could break through the natural slumber and complacency and create the sense of urgency in the mind of the Buddhist .
Authentic tragic experience ( sa.mvega ) should be a spur to the religious life and strengthen one 's faith in the doctrine .
The way in which the impact of genuine tragic situations may bring about a spiritual alertness without falling into the unwholesome extreme of morbidity is brought out clearly in the Anguttara Nikaya . [ 33 ]
A certain person hears that in a village or town someone is afflicted or dead , and stirred in his way he realizes the truth ; another beholds with his own eyes ... and realizes the truth ; the third person sees a kinsman afflicted and realizes the truth ; and finally the person himself is stricken with pain and suffering and this situation stirs him to a realization of the truth of suffering .
This is by analogy compared to a steed that is stirred when the stick is seen , one stirred when the stick touches the skin , a third when the flesh is pierced and a fourth when the very bone is pierced by a stick .
There is an element of stirring ( which the translator renders as agitation ) which awakens a person to the tragic sense of life and the emergence of faith in the doctrine .
Even if we call this a state of " agitation , " it is different from a person whose fear , anger , or grief has been aroused .
Even the sense of the tragic in life can turn out to be a creative emotional response .
The Four Sublime States
Not only does compassion form the basis for a wholesome dimension of emotional warmth and positive concern for others , but it is specifically advocated as a corrective to the elimination of hatred , fear , and allied states .
But it has its own alluring disguises and as stated earlier it must be saved from the near enemies of worldly sorrow and pseudo - love and superficial attachments .
The four sublime states ( the Brahma Viharas ) are mettaa ( loving kindness ) , karunaa ( compassion ) , muditaa ( sympathetic joy ) and upekkhaa ( equanimity ) .
Their potentiality to deal with conflicts , jealousies , prejudice , and hatred are immense , and at the social level very significant .
In the words of Ven. Nyanaponika : " They are the great removers of tension , the great peace - makers in social conflict , the great healers of wounds suffered in the struggle of existence : levelers of social barriers , builders of harmonious communities , awakeners of slumbering magnanimity long forgotten , revivers of joy and hope ... " [ 34 ]
In the early part of the lecture it was mentioned that morality has a significant relation to the psychology of human emotions .
In the context of the four sublime states , this observation has much relevance .
Gunapala Dharmasiri has pointed out that one type of moral justification advocated by the Buddha was the appeal to sympathetic feelings . [ 35 ]
" The simple fact that others are living beings is the reason why I should not harm and this is based on an inference from one 's personal experience to that of others :
As all people dislike punishment and are scared of death , one should not kill or harm others . "
In the context of the four sublime states , a kind of disinterestedness or neutrality is a safeguard against the emergence of sentimental attachments .
These states are considered as boundless , as they are not limited , narrowed down to a special person or persons .
These are not merely principles of conduct , but subjects of methodical meditation , and these could only get rooted in a strong affinity with this unbounded outlook by the integration of the meditational level and the practical level of conduct .
It is by meditative practice that they sink deeply into the heart and thus later become spontaneous attitudes . [ 36 ]
In the four sublime states we see the finest base for a creative emotional response , and moreover a response related to the emotion of natural sympathy and concern for fellow beings .
The Aesthetic Dimension of the Emotions ( an unfinished postscript )
Having dealt with the psychological and ethical aspects of the emotions in Buddhism , it would naturally fall in line with our discussion to say a few words on the aesthetic aspects too .
These comments are made as an incentive to further reflection rather than in the form of a definitive statement .
In the course of our discussion it was observed that Buddhism upholds the cultivation of good emotions and the elimination of unwholesome emotions .
Art and aesthetics is basically a medium of human communication .
Is there a facet of the aesthetic that can enhance the education of the emotions ?
There are two sides to the question , one from the standpoint of art , the other from the standpoint of Buddhism .
Let us take the standpoint of art first .
There are three views on the relationship between art and morality , out of which philosophers like R.W. Beardsmore favor the third . [ 37 ]
The view called " Moralism " upholds that the aim of art is to teach morality ; " Autonomism " is the belief that the art has nothing to do with morality .
Both points are mistaken on Beardsmore 's view ; art does not crudely teach morality or deliberately eliminate it ; rather , art can give an understanding which makes moral judgment sensitive and intelligent .
In the recent development of what is called " Situational Ethics , " examples from literature are used for the discussion of moral issues .
By thus reflecting on the conflicts and dilemmas of the characters we can enrich our own sensibility .
Without having undergone the experience ourselves , moral and religious problems can be viewed with a " sense of detachment . "
Thirdly , the uses of pure reason are sometimes limited , and the use of literary techniques are extremely effective on occasions ; the fact is quite obviously seen in the importance of the Jatakas , the Thera - and Theri - gathas etc .
Finally , philosophers like Aristotle discovered a certainly cathartic purpose in art .
By the use of the sympathetic imagination , one tends to see the common human nature that exists behind the façade of divisive doctrines . [ 38 ]
Now can a Buddhist absorb the aims of art and aesthetics in this manner ?
As we have already mentioned , for the purpose of efficient communication a wide variety of techniques have been used by the Buddha : stories , fables , poetry , paradoxes , similes , etc .
Some of these techniques are well developed — for instance , in Zen Buddhism .
Drama and song are used today as media for depicting thematically a Buddhist idea .
Sculpture and painting have developed over the years with a Buddhist inspiration .
But there are problems in this area .
Though the five precepts do not directly prohibit artistic activity , the call to restrain the senses is important .
Also in the more stringent code of morality ( the ten precepts ) , and for monks , seeing dances and such forms of amusements is prohibited .
The crucial question is how do we differentiate between the " sensuous " with its harmful effects and the " aesthetic " ?
O.H. de A. Wijesekera , discussing the relationship between " Buddhism and Art , " [ 39 ] says : " In the Sigala homily we have one of the best abstracts of the Buddha 's attitude as to what a lay disciple should do and not do .
One will find that the Buddha there admonishes Sigala not to fall into the error of developing a habitual liking for amusements , but he certainly does not ask Sigala to cut himself off completely from all aesthetic pursuits , only that which is bad and demoralizing . "
Thus if we do not adopt a very limited notion of the " sensuous " to eliminate the aesthetic , education of the emotion through aesthetic media is possible .
Jothiya Dhirasekera says " ... the Buddhist recognizes beauty where the senses can perceive it .
But in the beauty he also sees its own change and destruction .
He remembers what the Buddha said with regard to all components things , that they come in to being , undergo change and are destroyed . " [ 40 ]
It is because of the ability to look at life with equanimity that Buddhism provided a base for the development of a very rich nature poetry : the images of peace and tranquility , of change and continuity — all these find graphic expression in Buddhist poetry .
There is also a devotional aspect of religion which finds fitting expression in aesthetic media , and within the concept of saddhaa , art and aesthetic can stimulate faith and reverence for the Dhamma .
To conclude —
In the depiction of human tragedy , the lure of power , the pitfalls of ambition , the roots of passion and the springs of compassion , the Jatakas have already provided a veritable gold mine for the education of the emotions .
With the tranquility and peace that one sees in the Samadhi statue or the beauty of the ancient cave paintings , we enter into a dimension which is predominantly Buddhistic .
These observations are offered to re-activate a facet of human nature ( namely the affective side ) that comes most naturally to man and harness this potential in the wake of a higher spiritual transformation .
The Bacon , Cheese and Beer Dog
Contributed by :
Here 's some more crazy snacks from StuffMagazine.com .
This time , they hollow out a few hot dogs , fill them with cheese , wrap them in Bacon and deep fry them ....
Mmmm ... it 's like a hot dog heart attack all in one convenient greasy little package !
From : http://www.stuffmagazine.com/articles/index.aspx?id=1755
BJ's Wholesale Club gave us way too much food for our Super Bowl party , so we took what was left over and made it into some heart - punishingly delicious recipes .
[ CONTINUED ]
Ingredients :
1 hot dog
1 slice of thick - cut bacon
1 can of spray cheese
1 can beer ( It does n't matter what kind , but we recommend something dark .
Corona probably is n't a good idea )
1 cup flour
Oil for frying
Instructions :
This one is a little work - intensive , so be ready to buckle down .
First take the center out of the hot dog with an apple corer , if you have access to one .
If not , just cut out the middle with a knife .
Fill the cavity with the spray cheese and use the hot dog you removed from the middle as a cap to keep the cheese in .
Wrap the bacon around the hot dog and deep - fry for two to four minutes or until bacon is cooked .
Dab them dry with a paper towel ( so the batter will stick ) .
Mix the beer with the flour until it reaches a thick , but lump - free consistency .
Dip the dogs in the batter , coating the dog completely , and deep - fry on high heat for two to three minutes or until brown and deadly .
NOTE : Do n't fry them too long or all of the cheese will explode out into the oil .
That 's very bad .
Seymour Hersh joined Wolfie today on Late Edition and talked about Iran and his new article " The Next Act . "
A topic that he has pursued intensely for some time now .
All this neocon -- attack Iran stuff is becoming more and more of a reality ...
Download - WMP Download -QT
Late Edition 's transcript :
Blitzer : based on your reporting --- is Iran to actually building a ... having a nuclear weapon ?
Hersh : Far away
BLITZER : When you say far away , be precise .
HERSH : There 's a new report that 's the CIA , new assessment .
And the CIA , by the way , has really become , under Mr. Hayden , it 's getting much more vital .
They 've done a very good analysis of the Israeli war in Lebanon that has n't been made public yet .
They 've done a new analysis that may be part of a national intelligence estimate soon .
BLITZER : You 're talking about General Michael Hayden , the new CIA director .
HERSH : Yeah .
Well , the stuff coming out of there , from what I gather , is really much more to the point .
BLITZER : So what 's the conclusion as far as how much time the world has before Iran actually has a bomb ?
HERSH : The new study did n't say that .
What it said is that we do a lot of very good things .
We have tremendous people in the field , tremendous capability .
We can do things that I do n't write about and nobody should write about .
We do very good technical things , and we can't find , the new assessment says we could not find , the CIA says there 's no evidence that Iran is doing anything that puts them close to a bomb .
There 's no secret program of significant bomb making .
BLITZER : The Israelis have a different assessment .
HERSH : Absolutely .
BLITZER : They think the Iranians may be within a year of getting to the threshold of having a point of no return , if you will , from having a bomb .
When I was there in July , I had briefings .
That 's what they suggested .
HERSH : They 've been saying that , as you know , for five or ten years , one year .
The fact is , the Israelis have come up with new human intelligence .
I write about this in the article .
Sort of the counter - CIA assessment .
They 've come up with an agent inside Iran .
They have more than one .
And this agent is , who 's been reliable , so the Israelis claim in the past , who now says the Iranians are secretly working on making an actual trigger for a bomb .
Even though they may not have any specific -- we do n't have any specific evidence of a facility where they 're doing this work , the Israelis say , yes , they are .
They 're getting ready to start detonating a weapon .
And once they get the fissile material , the enriched material .
Now , that information is being handled pretty much by the White House and various offices in the Pentagon .
And the CIA is n't getting a good look at the Israeli intelligence .
It 's the old word , stovepiping .
It 's the president and the vice president .
It 's pretty much being kept in the White House .
BLITZER : They 'd like to get more access to this Israeli agent , is that what you 're saying ?
HERSH : Well , of course the people in the CIA want to know who he is .
They want to know , obviously .
But they certainly want to know what other evidence does he have of actual making a warhead .
This is the internecine war , fight that 's going on , the same fight , by the way , we had before Iraq .
Leaving behind the traditional ‘ request - wait - reload page ’ processing , Web 2.0 broke many boundaries and brought online applications and sites much closer to an interactive desktop , but best practices from the desktop model have still to penetrate into the mind of common Web 2.0 developer .
The paradigm shift from server - side to client - side workflow created a void in best practices for Web development .
Like any new cool and funky technology , Web 2.0 has many nice new features , but comes with a set of new problems , at least new in the area of client - side browser development .
Plainly ignoring these issues may cause big problems from support to serious security exploits - but there is no need to re-invent the wheel .
Most of those problems were solved on the desktop a long time ago .
Here are some common mistakes with Ajax web sites , and how to avoid them .
Clint Eastwood all over again
Spaghetti code and cowboy programming , proven wrong on so many platforms and in so many technologies , now have another chance to show their bad side with Ajax .
Since the traditional request - refresh page model is being abandoned , and there is no tried - and - tested workflow framework to use in JavaScript , many developers gave in to the temptation to mix layout and workflow logic .
Once the applications move into the support mode , and change requests start coming in , things ( will ) simply fall apart .
The word " will " is in brackets because many Web 2.0 applications are so new that the pain of support has not tested them yet - but , to quote J.R.R .
Tolkien , ' It will not do to leave a live dragon out of your plans if you live near one ' .
Having a non-visible state , responsible for the workflow behind the layout , is a proven best - practice that has survived the test of time -
It 's now almost thirty years after Model - view - controller was first described , and even if there is no ready - made popular MVC framework for JavaScript , a little discipline in coding can go a long way .
The weakest link
Another common anti-pattern in Web 2.0 applications is taking the Ajax approach too far – so that it becomes impossible to use links for navigating through the application .
Hyperlinks are one of the main reasons why web became so popular – they are incredibly flexible , can be bookmarked , stored , exported , interlinked and all those fine features are quickly disregarded in favour of a bit of background processing .
A typical mistake with links is not to make important sections of the site accessible by hyper - links .
It 's nice not to refresh the whole display when someone goes from the main page to the product catalogue , selects at a book and then clicks on author 's name to see all his work .
However , there is no reason to make users do all that every time when they want to see the books .
Links are also good because they can be easily used from various parts of the Web site – for example , having a link for author 's books allows a drill - down to that page from search results , author listings and the home page .
Again , using a non-visible background state allows the application to easily initialise a saved game from GET / POST request properties .
The second part of the solution is to enable users to save their game , which is also relatively easy if the state is kept in background .
Google Maps offers a good example – ' link to this page ' button which gives the visitor the navigation state serialised into GET parameters .
If the navigation state cannot fit into the URL , there is a choice to send it to a background server for storage , and then return just a state ID , but this is typically a signal that the browser has taken over too much responsibility .
Too submissive
There are a few common anti-patterns related to use of forms , again probably arising because the traditional submit - reload page model is being abandoned , with no established best practice to replace it .
A common way to handle forms in the background is to intercept the submission with an onSubmit handler .
After processing , handlers typically return false , to stop the form from actually being submitted .
However , a common mistake is not to take care of exceptions – if the onSubmit handler throws an exception , the form will get submitted and the page will reload .
If you do n't have to , do n't mix and match – just return false in the onSubmit handler , and use a custom procedure for background processing ( called by a button click , not form submit ) .
Introducing asynchronous form processing requires a lot more care in user interaction .
With normal form submission , users get instant notification when their request is being processed , and that does not happen automatically with Ajax forms .
Neither does the browser stop the user from re-submitting the same form , or trying to edit a field once it has already been submitted .
If the request ends successfully , in many cases the input fields should be hidden or at least cleared .
Asynchronous processing , if done properly , looks much better , but involves more work .
Here is a good starting point for the form processing model , which should be modified if needed :
disable all form input elements , and turn the cursor into ' wait ' .
send the asynchronous request .
if the request ends successfully , enable the form elements again and delete all field contents , show a success message and return cursor to normal .
if the request ends with an error , enable the form elements again without deleting field contents , show the error message and return cursor to normal .
It is a good practice to provide a ' Cancel ' button if the action can take too long ( and the business rules allow cancelling ) , which would just activate the form again .
The third common mistake with forms is to use GET for everything .
Browser can ( and typically will ) cache GET requests .
So , when only GET is used , there is typically also some form of cache prevention , either on the server ( HTTP headers ) or on the client ( request timestamp added to the URL to make it unique ) .
Browser cache is a good thing if used properly , and there is no reason to turn it off completely - a much simpler solution is to use GET for documents which are not user - specific , and using POST to execute procedures and other user - specific requests .
Do n't hesitate to use old - fashioned submission if it saves you the trouble – you can provide asynchronous information in that case as well .
A good practice is to post to an invisible IFrame , and then use Ajax to provide progress updates .
This is especially effective when uploading files through forms .
Too much concurrency
Browsers limit the number of concurrent requests to a same server , so too much Ajax might kill the user experience , especially if the requests start timing out .
And this limit is relatively low – for example , Internet Explorer only allows two simultaneous connections .
If XSLT or some similar template type is being used to render HTML from XML on the client , a good way to reduce concurrency is to cache the templates in the client page – this may significantly improve the application performance .
A common error is also to expect concurrent responses to return in the order or requests .
The style may come before the content , for example , and that will happen quite often .
To handle inter - dependent requests , either post both and wait for both to finish , or post the second from onSuccess handler of the first .
Traal Security
Ajax makes it really easy to call back - end APIs , so developers may get tempted to expose a lot more than they should , thinking that it will go unnoticed because URLs are not displayed in the address bar .
I 've seen SQL scripts being sent over the wire , and authorisations controlled in the browser .
It is , undoubtedly , easier to program the application that way , but this leaves a big security hole open .
Web users are not like the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal , and someone will quickly exploit relaxed security of an Ajax application .
SQL queries are easy to spot using Tamper Data or some TCP proxy tool , and it is relatively easy to guess similar generic processing APIs with enough examples , if special care was not taken to hide or encrypt methods .
A much better way to fight against exploits is to handle security on the back end , where it should be handled in the first place , and not to allow direct access to critical resources from the browser .
Similar , but arguably a less painful mistake is to rely on JavaScript to validate form data – even with the best intentions , due to an unrelated JS error on the page , the validation script might not execute before the form gets submitted .
Front - end validation may be done as a quick and responsive way to notify the user about common problems , but the data will have to be validated on the back - end again .
With Ajax , browser can and should handle part of the workflow , and can even execute a few business rules .
But the ultimate responsibility for security , sessions and business rules must be on the server – that is the only part of the system really under our control .
Checklist for an Ajax release
Here is my 10 - point check - list of things that really should not be forgotten for Ajax applications :
Pred tremi dnevi je PEW / Internet objavil rezultate raziskave o prihodnosti interneta .
Med 742 sodelujočimi v raziskavi so se pojavila tudi imena znanih teoretikov , aktivistov in komentatorjev ( Geert Lovink , Seth Finkelstein , Douglas Ruskoff , Howard Rheingold … ) .
Na splošno med sodelujočimi v raziskavi obstaja konsenz , da bo internet v naslednjih 15 letih še vedno bistveno prispeval k zmanjševanju razlik med posamezniki in izboljševanju družbe .
Medtem ko obstaja neke vrste konsenz o smeri razvoja tehnologije , pa se odgovori vprašanih o vplivu , ki ga bo razvoj tehnologije imel na družbo , bistveno razhajajo .
Za pokušino nekaj napovedi za leto 2020 :
angleščina ne bo izpodrinila ostalih jezikov ;
nekateri se bodo prostovoljno in iz protesta odločili živeti “ odklopljeno ” ;
tehnologija nam – kljub vedno večji količini avtomatiziranega zbiranja in obdelave podatkov – ne bo ušla izpod nadzora .
Med glavnimi razvojnimi prioritetami prevladujeta dve .
Prva je razvoj mreže in usposabljanje čim širšega kroga ljudi , da jo bodo lahko uporabljali .
Druga pa zagotavljanje sistemskega in pravnega okolja , ki bo zagotavljalo , da bodo uporabniki mrežo lahko uprabljali po svojih željah in glede na svoje potrebe .
Celotno poročilo je zanimivo branje ne toliko zaradi rezultatov ampak predvsem zaradi mnenj in komentarjev vprašancev , ki so vključeni v dokumentu .
Poročilo o prihodnosti interneta [ PDF ; 530KB ]
Frank Thoughts
The Muck That Slows You Down
by Frank Sommers
September 30 , 2006
Summary
In his speech to the 2006 MIT Emerging Technologies Conference , Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos noted that about 70 % of a project 's time and effort is spent on tasks that , while important , do not differentiate a product or a business in any way from its competitors .
Bezos suggested that such features , or " muck , " may be outsourced to third parties .
Advertisement
An often - used criteria in measuring a developer 's effectiveness is how quickly a developer can complete a given task .
That 's because most organizations are able to break down a bigger project , such as a new product release , into smaller tasks , and to the extent those tasks involve writing code , prefer to hire developers who can execute those tasks fast .
Thus , from a developer 's point of view , getting something done quickly is a positive .
While most developers would want to proceed with a task as quickly possible , many things slow a developer down on the way to the finish line .
Apart from considerations of quality , and human factors — which are not the subject of this post — less glamorous forces can loosely be grouped under the term " infrastructure . "
By infrastructure , I mean those aspects of a project that do not directly define a product or a service , but are nevertheless necessary ingredients of the solution , in the way a road is a necessary , but not sufficient , element in reaching a terrestrial destination .
While infrastructure elements are seldom defining components of a product , they have a big impact on the productivity of each developer working on that product or project .
And that 's not just because developers have to work with such infrastructure elements , but also , and mainly , because developers are often tasked with creating that infrastructure in the first place .
According to Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos , on average we spend about 70 % of our time on dealing with such tasks — or " muck , " as he calls those chores — instead of developing the aspects of our products that really matter .
In addressing the MIT Emerging Technologies Conference , Bezos noted that ,
Everybody who ever started a successful company wants to ... go directly from [ an ] idea to a successful product .
The reality is that there are a lot of obstacles between your idea and a successful product ...
Your major bottleneck in developing your ideas and your successful products and service offerings turns out to be something that 's actually not unique to your business at all .
It 's completely undifferentiated .
This is certainly true at Amazon.com , and it 's certainly been true from the very beginning from one person to twelve thousand people : that at least seventy percent of your time , energy and dollars , go into this back - end heavy - lifting infrastructure .
I call this heavy - lifting , muck .
The thing about this muck is , you have to do it , unfortunately , at the highest quality level .
Because if you do n't do all of these things that have nothing to do with your business at superb quality levels , your idea will never succeed ...
So you have your idea , and between you and your idea is a bunch of undifferentiated heavy lifting .
And you have to cycle through that loop , and the winners are the ones who can cycle through that loop faster than others [ can ] .
So you end up being slowed down .
I was not completely surprised to hear that 70 % of the effort of a business is spent on non-differentiating infrastructure components .
If you ever worked on user management , authentication , discussion forums , inventory management , and so on , many of those features might very well all belong to the 70 % of necessary , but un - differentiating , product features .
Many projects repeat core infrastructure - level features over and over , slowing that business down in delivering features that differentiate the business from its competitors .
It is inevitable that products and innovations will help reduce the time developers spend on non-differentiating tasks .
The question is what form those services and tools will take .
In the past , such progress occurred by raising the level of abstraction developers work with .
Economies of scale have allowed operating system vendors to completely automate tasks such as saving data to disk or shuffling bits between network nodes .
While current tools attempt to make developers faster in developing code , if the past is any indication of things to come , products and tools will help entirely eliminate the need to develop large areas of a project 's code , perhaps , again , by raising the abstraction level within the context of an application domain .
Spending some time learning Rails lately , I saw some of that already in the domain of Web applications .
Many developers like Rails because it reduces the chunk of time spent on " muck , " allowing a developer to shift that time to producing features that can differentiate a product or a business .
Figuring out how to display error messages , or perform input validation , or even to sign up and manage users , are hardly factors that make or break or business .
As Bezos said , those things also have to be done very well , but are alone insufficient in creating a compelling application .
While toolkits , such as Rails , reduce " muck " to a great extent , in the future network - based services may speed up a developer 's work even more .
Instead of creating a user administration framework , we might be able to just invoke a network service that helps manage users .
Or , instead of writing code to save images to a file system , we might just invoke a network storage service , such as Amazon 's S3 Web service .
Many companies and development teams have worked so closely with their applications , and for so long , that they have over time come to believe that almost every aspect of their application is unique , and that most every feature helps differentiate the application from the competition .
In reality , only a few features or areas of functionality are truly crucial for a business ' success .
Because development resources and time are finite , the more honestly a business or development team can asses what those critical , differentiating feature are , the more likely that team will succeed .
And , equally important , the more productive and speedy developers will feel .
But what to do with the rest of the application , with the necessary but non-differentiating " muck " ?
As countless hours are spent re-inventing the wheel and developing non-differentiating features , the pressure will increase to outsource such features to network - based services .
That will especially be the case as such services evolve into viable alternatives in the coming years .
If you took an honest look at your application , what percentage of your work would you say is dedicated to truly differentiating features ?
And to what extent would you trust third - parties to handle your application 's " muck " ?
Would you trust Amazon.com to , say , manage your application 's users or your users ' files ?
How much more productive do you think you would be if you could outsource those essential but non-differentiating functions ?
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 21 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Frank Sommers adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Frank Sommers is a Senior Editor with Artima Developer .
Prior to joining Artima , Frank wrote the Jiniology and Web services columns for JavaWorld .
Frank also serves as chief editor of the Web zine ClusterComputing.org , the IEEE Technical Committee on Scalable Computing 's newsletter .
Prior to that , he edited the Newsletter of the IEEE Task Force on Cluster Computing .
Frank is also founder and president of Autospaces , a company dedicated to bringing service - oriented computing to the automotive software market .
Prior to Autospaces , Frank was vice president of technology and chief software architect at a Los Angeles system integration firm .
In that capacity , he designed and developed that company 's two main products : A financial underwriting system , and an insurance claims management expert system .
Before assuming that position , he was a research fellow at the Center for Multiethnic and Transnational Studies at the University of Southern California , where he participated in a geographic information systems ( GIS ) project mapping the ethnic populations of the world and the diverse demography of southern California .
Frank 's interests include parallel and distributed computing , data management , programming languages , cluster and grid computing , and the theoretic foundations of computation .
He is a member of the ACM and IEEE , and the American Musicological Society .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2006 Frank Sommers .
All rights reserved .
House Progressive leaders sign on to Cheney impeachment motion Michael Roston
Published : Friday June 8 , 2007 Print This Email This
The co-chairs of the Congressional Progressive Caucus have signed on to Articles of Impeachment introduced in the House of Representatives by Rep. Dennis Kucinich , the Ohio Congressman who is seeking the Democratic Party 's nomination for President in 2008 .
But a staff - member of one of the Congress members tells RAW STORY that the move comes only in their personal capacity .
" I do n't know of any effort to whip members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus to back the impeachment resolution , " said a spokesman for Rep. Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) , who is a co-chair of the CPC .
Blogger and pro-impeachment activist David Swanson reported at his website Friday that Woolsey and Rep. Barbara Lee ( D - CA ) , who also co-chairs the caucus , have signed on to the articles , which accuse Vice President Dick Cheney of misleading the American public to help push for the Iraq War , in addition to other charges .
In addition to Lee and Woolsey , four other Members of Congress have backed Kucinich 's push for impeachment : Reps . Yvette Clarke , Jan Schakowsky , William Lacy Clay , and Albert Wynn .
Although the number of backers of the impeachment resolution have grown , it continues to appear that Rep. John Conyers ( D - MI ) had no plans to schedule hearings on the articles in the House Judiciary Committee , where they were referred after their introduction in the House .
Zero Emissions in the Desert New Tower Creates All Its Own Energy
A German architect is pursuing an ambitious project in the Middle East .
He wants to build office towers in Riyadh , Dubai and Bahrain that produce all their own energy .
The zero emissions office building has arrived .
If you plan to hit the roads like the zillions of other drivers this holiday weekend , Avi Polus has a word of advice : patience .
A transportation engineer at Technion - Israel Institute of Technology in Haifa , Prof. Polus 's concern is n't drivers ' collective blood pressure but traffic flow .
Like the growing number of other engineers and physicists who are hubcap - deep in the science of traffic , he is determined to explain infuriating mysteries such as phantom traffic jams ( There 's no bottleneck or accident at the front of this ...
Original review : Aug. 19 , 2020
From day 1 , my account has been riddled w/ errors .
The salesperson who set up my account told me he would set up a second location that would not be billed so I could move lines over as my company grew .
Lo and behold , I was charged for BOTH locations the first month .
I called in to have it corrected , and the woman said their system does n't even allow accounts to be set up the way the salesman did it .
I explained to her why he did it that way , per his explanation , and she said she 'd listen to the recording of my call w/ him to verify .
2 WEEKS later , she calls back to tell me she could n't locate a recording of our call .
How about that ?!?
The billing issues persisted for so long that I 'm still not sure my account has ever been properly reconciled , even to this day .
The phones were supposed to arrive several days before my business opened , but did n't arrive until a week AFTER so I had to run my business w/ NO PHONES for the first whole week !!
Meanwhile , the phone system never worked the way it was supposed to .
Calls forwarded to the wrong extension , sometimes they only rang on the app or not at all , calls would n't transfer ... the list goes on .
Then , every time we called tech support to fix it , we had to call back to have their " fix " , fixed !
Ultimately , the phones NEVER worked as intended and no one seemed to be able to do anything about it .
I also tried to add a call recording on - demand service to ONE line and it never worked properly , so I bit the bullet and UPGRADED , mid-month , to the recording service that records all lines at all times .
When I called to remove the on - demand service they had added FOUR to my account and told me I could not get a refund for any of them .
Yet another for I had to throw bc Vonage insisted on taking money for a service they never provided .
After 8 months of billing issues , phone problems and HOURS spent on the phone w/ them each week trying to resolve the problem dejour , I finally decided to eat the termination fee and cancel .
When I call and explain why I 'm canceling , the rep offers to put me in touch w/ a " senior tech " to get my issues resolved .
Never mind that tech issues were only one of the many that lead to my decision to cancel , but I 'd already been around and around w/ tech support at all levels to no avail .
I was not interested in spending another second messing w/ it .
The rep then tells me the early termination fee is $ 6,000 !!!!
I reminded him I was canceling bc Vonage had not held up their own end of the deal and that I 'd already been paying hundreds each month for services I effectively never received , and he responds , " I do n't know what to tell you .
That 's what your contract says . "
I have contacted my attorney .
This company lies about their service , keeps money for services not rendered , then tries to hold you hostage when you call them on it !
STAY AWAY FROM VONAGE !!!
The human brain does not contain a single " God spot " responsible for mystical and religious experiences , a new study finds .
Instead , the sense of union with God or something greater than the self often described by those who have undergone such experiences involves the recruitment and activation of a variety brain regions normally implicated in different functions such as self - consciousness , emotion and body representation .
The finding , detailed in the current issue of Neuroscience Letters , contradicts previous suggestions by other researchers that the there might be a specific region in the brain designed for communication with God .
What it means
" The main goal of the study was to identify the neural correlates of a mystical experience , " said study leader Mario Beauregard of the University of Montreal in Canada .
" This does not diminish the meaning and value of such an experience , and neither does it confirm or disconfirm the existence of God . "
In the study , 15 cloistered Carmelite nuns , ranging in age from 23 to 64 , had their brains scanned while asked to relive the most intense mystical experience they had ever had as members of the religious order .
The nuns were not asked to try and actually achieve a state of spiritual union with God during the experiment because , as the nuns put it , " God can not be summoned at will . "
Joy and love
Nevertheless , the researchers believe their method was justified because previous studies have shown that actors asked to enter a particular state activated the same brain regions as people actually experiencing those emotions .
As a control , the nuns were instructed to relive the most intense state of union with another human ever felt in their lives while in the Carmelite order .
The study found that mystical experiences activate more than a dozen different areas of the brain at once .
One of the regions , called the caudate nucleus , has been implicated in positive emotions such as happiness , romantic love and maternal love .
The researchers speculate that activation of this brain region during mystical experiences is related to the feelings of joy and unconditional love the nuns described .
20Q test server off line
If you really need it running , you know how to switch it on or who to call to switch it on , otherwise , please leave the test machine alone .
If you name your emotions , you can tame them , according to new research that suggests why meditation works .
Brain scans show that putting negative emotions into words calms the brain 's emotion center .
That could explain meditation ’s purported emotional benefits , because people who meditate often label their negative emotions in an effort to “ let them go . ”
Psychologists have long believed that people who talk about their feelings have more control over them , but they do n't know why it works .
UCLA psychologist Matthew Lieberman and his colleagues hooked 30 people up to functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) machines , which scan the brain to reveal which parts are active and inactive at any given moment .
They asked the subjects to look at pictures of male or female faces making emotional expressions .
Below some of the photos was a choice of words describing the emotion — such as “ angry ” or “ fearful ” — or two possible names for the people in the pictures , one male name and one female name .
When presented with these choices , the subjects were asked to pick the most appropriate emotion or gender - appropriate name to fit the face they saw .
When the participants chose labels for the negative emotions , activity in the right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex region — an area associated with thinking in words about emotional experiences — became more active , whereas activity in the amygdala , a brain region involved in emotional processing , was calmed .
By contrast , when the subjects picked appropriate names for the faces , the brain scans revealed none of these changes — indicating that only emotional labeling makes a difference .
“ In the same way you hit the brake when you ’re driving when you see a yellow light , when you put feelings into words , you seem to be hitting the brakes on your emotional responses , ” Lieberman said of his study , which is detailed in the current issue of Psychological Science .
In a second experiment , 27 of the same subjects completed questionnaires to determine how “ mindful ” they are .
Meditation and other “ mindfulness ” techniques are designed to help people pay more attention to their present emotions , thoughts and sensations without reacting strongly to them .
Meditators often acknowledge and name their negative emotions in order to “ let them go . ”
When the team compared brain scans from subjects who had more mindful dispositions to those from subjects who were less mindful , they found a stark difference — the mindful subjects experienced greater activation in the right ventrolateral prefrontral cortex and a greater calming effect in the amygdala after labeling their emotions .
“ These findings may help explain the beneficial health effects of mindfulness meditation , and suggest , for the first time , an underlying reason why mindfulness meditation programs improve mood and health , ” said David Creswell , a UCLA psychologist who led the second part of the study , which will be detailed in Psychosomatic Medicine .
The timing of the award is almost as striking as the writing which it honours .
A former American machine gunner 's memoir of a year 's tour of duty in Iraq based on his blog has just won a major accolade at precisely the moment when the US military high command is clamping down on blogs among the rank and file .
Colby Buzzell was awarded the £ 5,000 Lulu Blooker prize for My War : Killing Time in Iraq , which was voted the best book of the year based on a blog .
It triumphed over 110 entries from 15 countries .
The memoir was drawn from a blog he kept while in Mosul , in northern Iraq , in 2004 , in which he portrayed the texture of daily life there , from listening to Metallica on his iPod to watching his fellow " grunts " surf the web for pornography .
The paradox of Buzzell 's victory is that it quickly follows the revelation that the Pentagon has introduced new rules restricting blogs among soldiers , fuelling speculation that live and unadorned combat writing from the field such as Buzzell 's may be the last of its kind .
The new rules require all would - be " milbloggers " , as soldier - publishers are called , to submit blog entries to supervising officers before posting them .
That turns on its head the existing rules which allowed soldiers to post freely , with the onus on them to register their blogs and to alert officers to any material that might compromise security .
Yesterday the defence department went further and announced it was blocking access " worldwide " to 13 communal websites , including YouTube and MySpace from military computers and networks .
General BB
Bell said the move was to protect operations from the drain on computer capacity caused by soldiers downloading videos on these sites .
But prominent military bloggers said this was another move by commanders to try and regain control over ue of the internet .
Matthew Burden , a former major in the US army who runs the most popular milblog , Blackfive , with 3 million unique users a year , said he had been contacted by several serving soldiers who said they were going to stop posting .
" They are all putting their hands in the air and saying , ' That 's it , I 've had enough . ' "
He said the rules were self - defeating and would deter blogs such as acutepolitics@blogspot.com , which is written by a specialist who defuses roadside bombs .
" Take that down and you are removing one of the most positive messages for what the army is doing in Iraq , " Mr Burden said .
Mr Buzzell , now 30 , was sent to Iraq in November 2003 .
He had joined the army at a time , he said , when " I was living off Top Ramen [ pot noodles ] in a suburb of San Francisco and my life was going nowhere " .
He discovered blogging by reading a Time article while in Iraq , and started posting eight months into his tour .
He rapidly built up a huge following and was profiled in the media .
After six weeks an order came down that his blog should be stopped , without any explanation ; but by then he already had 10 different publishers clamouring after him .
Buzzell said the new restrictions would hurt combat soldiers and their families .
" It 's hard for them out there , and this will make it harder .
It will lower soldier morale for troops who are on their second or even third tour . "
He also regrets the tightening grip over blogging on a personal level because without it , he said , he would now be " washing dishes in a restaurant somewhere , back to eating Top Ramen " .
As it is , his book has been translated into seven languages , and he has embarked on a freelance writing career for Esquire magazine , among others .
" This is a totally screwed up policy , " he said .
" The commanders are just really nervous because they can't keep control any more . "
· Extract : My War : Killing Time in Iraq
Thursday August 4 2004
Down in the hatch , I was frantically scanning my sector when suddenly about 300 metres away from us , over by the traffic circle , I saw two guys with those red-and - white jihad towels wrapped around their heads creeping around a corner .
They were hunched down hiding behind a stack of truck tyres .
I could tell by their body language that something was up .
I placed the crosshairs right on them and was about to waste them , but for some reason I did n't pull the trigger .
These guys were not dressed in black like the guys earlier and from what I could see they did n't have any weapons on them .
Something told me that I should wait for just one , maybe two more seconds .
Then I saw another guy come creeping around that corner with an RPG in his hands .
As soon as I saw that I screamed as loud as I could , ' RRR - PPPPP - GGGGGGG !!!' into the CVC .
My crosshairs were bouncing all over , so I gathered my composure as fast as I could , put the crosshairs on them , and engaged them with a couple of 10 - round bursts of some .50 - cal , right at them .
Nobody moved from behind those tyres after that .
A couple minutes after that the Stryker that was parked 10 metres in front of us , Bravo 65 Victor , took an RPG that came from a building that looked like a parking garage that was diagonally across the street .
It scared the fucking shit out of me when they got hit ...
We all pointed our weapons to that building and started lighting it up with everything we had .
Bravo 65 immediately reported casualties , " We 're hit !
This is Bravo 65 Victor !
We have wounded !!!
We need CAS Evac .
Time : Now ! " came over the radio .
Lt Armeni , who was inside that vehicle , got severely injured and needed medical attention immediately .
The RPG penetrated right through the armour and sliced Lt Armeni 's guts completely so that they were hanging out of his stomach ...
I then saw a man , dressed mostly in white , with no weapon on him , run for his life , out of the building , and right in front of our vehicle .
I lowered the .50 cal at him and tried three times to hit him , missing him every time .
Several other people tried shooting at this guy as well , and somehow the bastard got away .
· Biography : Colby Buzzell
Age : 31
Born : in San Francisco , now lives in LA
Hobbies : skateboarding and hard rock
Job : machine gunner turned author
Started blogging because : ' It sounded like a good way for me to kill some time out here in Iraq , post a little diary stuff , maybe some rants , links to some cool shit , thoughts , experiences , garbage , crap , whatever . '
Literary idols : Kurt Vonnegut and Hunter S Thompson
Favourite sounds before a mission : the Cure , the Smiths " and a little bit of the old school U2 "
Typo
One of the great holy wars in programming concerns itself with “ type systems ” , usually in the sense of “ static typing ” versus “ dynamic typing ” , and from time to time it flares up again .
Unfortunately , most of the loudest voices are quite content to argue without really understanding the subject , and so proceed to build straw - man - style arguments based on what they think they know .
Most often this seems to be a result of inexperience — far too many people have only ever worked seriously with one type of language , and so have no practical understanding of how “ those other languages ” really do things .
So before you go jumping into the fray , do everyone a favor and familiarize yourself with the way things actually work .
I ’ll even help you out a bit with a basic overview , if you ’d like to read on ( and I do mean “ basic ” — normally I ’m all for pedantry , but if I wanted to really do justice to type systems I ’d be writing for weeks ) .
Typing does n’t refer to your keyboard
At their most basic level , type systems are rules about types of data — things like numbers , strings , etc. — and what you can do with them .
The canonical example of why a language needs to have some sort of rules about data types is a program like this ( expressed here in pseudo - code ) :
x = " Hello " ; y = 3 ; z = x + y ;
One of the most important questions answered by a type system is : what does this program do ?
If y was , say , the string “ world ” , it ’d be easy to figure out : the value of z would be the string “ Helloworld ” ( and , in fact , plenty of languages use + as a string concatenation operator to do just this ) .
If x was a number , like 5 , then the value of z would be the number 8 .
But here we ’re trying to “ add ” a string and a number ; how do we do that ?
The types are strong with this one
One spectrum of type systems runs from strong typing to weak typing .
With strong typing , the program above would die with an error ; for example , if you try this in Python ( a strongly - typed language ) , you ’ll get back TypeError : cannot concatenate ‘ str ’ and ‘ int ’ objects ( switch the order of the operands and it ’ll be TypeError : unsupported operand type(s ) for +: ‘ int ’ and ‘ str ’ — putting the number first will cause Python to treat the + operator as meaning addition , not concatenation ) .
With weak typing , the language may “ coerce ” one or the other of the values into a compatible type , and then do what you asked ; for example , JavaScript will coerce y into the one - character string “ 3 ” , and then store the string “ Hell o3 ” in z .
And this is generally the biggest difference between strong and weak typing : strong typing will simply raise an error and refuse to perform an operation on a data type which does n’t support that operation , while weak typing may try to munge it into something sensible .
That probably makes weak typing sound dangerous , but keep in mind that weakly - typed languages nearly always have well - defined rules for how they ’ll do this ; learn the rules and you ’ll be able to predict what your program will do .
And some languages also do bits of both ; for example , consider this snippet which might occur in a C program :
int x = 3 ; double y = 5.0 ;
What happens if you try to add x and y ?
They ’re of different types , but C will let you get away with it by temporarily “ promoting ” x to a double in order to get compatible types ( so you could do it with double z = x + y ; , trusting that x would get promoted appropriately ) .
There are specific rules which define which types can be “ promoted ” ( sometimes you ’ll hear it called “ widening ” , which is closer to what actually happens under the hood ) in which circumstances , and what the result will be .
C is sometimes labeled a weakly - typed language because of this and and a few other features ( casting and pointer manipulation being the usual culprits , though the latter is more to do with safety than with weak typing ) , but most of its descendents — among them obviously strongly - typed languages like Java and C# — support this feature .
Similarly , Java and C# both have a distinction between “ primitive ” or “ value ” types ( such as numbers ) and “ reference ” types ( such as classes ) , and support “ boxing ” , a method of performing an operation on a primitive type — by way of an intermediary object “ box ” — which are normally only allowed on reference types .
Generally , proponents of strong typing argue that it ’s better because it ’s “ safer ” ; they claim that by raising errors on these types of operations , the language helps you avoid certain types of bugs ( for example , if you inadvertently tried to add a number and a string , it ’d be better to get an error than to end up with a value that was n’t what you expected it to be , especially if you ’re going to store that data or do other work with it ) , while fans of weak typing argue that the increased flexibility of implicit type conversion allows you to accomplish things with less code ( since you do n’t have to perform as many explicit conversions to get the correct types ) , and that a little discipline on the part of the programmer will work around the bugs strong typing is meant to prevent .
Static cling
The other major spectrum of type systems runs from static typing to dynamic typing , and in the vast majority of cases people who argue about “ strong ” and “ weak ” typing are really talking about these without realizing it .
Let ’s look at another example :
x = " Hello " ; # ... some other intervening code ... x = 3 ;
In a statically - typed language , this code will raise an error .
In a dynamically - typed language it ’ll be fine .
A good way to think of the difference is this :
In a dynamically - typed language , the value bound to a variable has a type ( e.g. , 3 is an integer , “ Hello ” is a string , and so on ) , and nothing can change the type of that value , but a value of a different type can be bound to the same variable later on ( assuming the language is not purely functional — pure functional languages disallow any form of reassignment to a variable and , sometimes , the existence of any variables at all , but not on grounds of type safety ) .
In a statically - typed language , the variable itself has a type , and nothing can change that type , but another value of the same type can ( usually ; again , pure functional languages are an exception ) be bound to the same variable later on .
Some statically - typed languages require you to explicitly declare the types of your variables ( and , often , they also require you to declare the type of the values returned by functions and methods ) ;
tThat ’s why in some languages you ’ll see things like int x = 3 instead of just x = 3 .
Not all statically - typed languages require this , though ; some ( like OCaml , for example ) will infer types automatically for you in most cases , only requiring an explicit declaration when there ’s an ambiguity .
Proponents of static typing again argue that it ’s “ safer ” — you can typically “ type- check ” a statically - typed program fairly easily without having to actually execute any of it ( and nearly all compilers and interpreters for statically - typed languages do this ) and so be notified immediately of any type - related errors ( for example , a compiler can easily spot that , say , x was declared an int and y a string , and refuse to compile a program which contains the operation x + y ) .
They also usually point out the range of things which can be easily automated in a statically - typed language ( for example , many common refactorings , like breaking up a single large method into several smaller ones , or breaking out a set of values and methods into their own class ) ; these sorts of things are hard to do in dynamically - typed languages , since you do n’t necessarily have all the relevant information until the program is running .
Those who prefer dynamic typing again argue in favor of flexibility and discipline ; they ’ll say that some things which are impossible or which require the programmer to jump through lots of type - related hoops in a static language are possible or much easier in a dynamic language and , much as in the strong / weak debate , that a little discipline on the part of the programmer will go a long way .
Putting it together
A full description of a programming language ’s type system usually takes one adjective from each spectrum : Python , for example , has “ strong dynamic ” typing , JavaScript has “ weak dynamic ” typing , C# has “ strong static ” typing , C arguably has “ weak static ” typing ( though this one ’s a matter of some debate ) , and so on .
There is a third spectrum , sometimes labeled “ safe ” and “ unsafe ” , but these terms are so loaded and nebulous ( depending on your personal opinions , it ’s possible to argue either side for the same language ) that I ’m going to stay away from them here , except to note that a common myth of some type systems is “ if it passes type checks , it must be correct ” .
Most people who fall into that pit learn sooner or later that type errors are just one class of errors , and that the strictest , “ safest ” typing in the world ca n’t stop you from writing a program that does something stupid .
And almost without fail , debates about type systems will involve at least one person confusing the different classes of typing ; the most common error is to assume that static typing is the same as strong typing , and that dynamic typing is the same as weak typing ; in effect assuming that type systems are one - dimensional when , in fact , they ’re ( at the very least ) two - dimensional .
The c2 wiki has a nice graph showing this with examples .
And now you know
Or , at least , you know the basics .
There ’s a whole heck of a lot more that ’s useful to know about type systems ( for example , the varying definitions of “ safe ” and “ unsafe ” and what makes different languages fall into those categories ) , but strong / weak and static / dynamic is the bare minimum you need to understand to get by , and if you can master that you ’ll be doing better than an awful lot of the folks who argue about them …
How can I Make my Offline Life Easier ?
Most of us are already hip - deep in online efficiency tools like shared calendars , code libraries , and rss feeds ; here are 30 simple ways that you can make your life ( the real one ) easier :
At Home
Synchronize recurring events .
This can be done annually , monthly , or even weekly .
As an example , there are many household tasks that really only need to be done annually .
Make it easy to remember when they need to be done by doing them all on the same day .
The switch to daylight savings time is a good time to check batteries in smoke detectors , clean screens and windows , change air filters , clean fireplaces , etc .
You can do the same with your car , by checking your tires , wiper fluid , battery , etc. , every time you get an oil change .
Sacrificing one day a month to do household chores like laundry , cleaning , and gardening can relieve the burden of having those things hang over your head and follow you around during the rest of the month .
This can be done annually , monthly , or even weekly .
As an example , there are many household tasks that really only need to be done annually .
Make it easy to remember when they need to be done by doing them all on the same day .
The switch to daylight savings time is a good time to check batteries in smoke detectors , clean screens and windows , change air filters , clean fireplaces , etc .
You can do the same with your car , by checking your tires , wiper fluid , battery , etc. , every time you get an oil change .
Sacrificing one day a month to do household chores like laundry , cleaning , and gardening can relieve the burden of having those things hang over your head and follow you around during the rest of the month .
Re -key your locks .
This is a fantastic way to cut down on the number of keys you have to lug around .
One visit to a locksmith can put all of your home access points on a single key , and usually for a very reasonable price .
Though you ca n’t do this with cars or office buildings because you need to be able to bring the lock to the locksmith , this can still reduce the number of keys you carry around significantly .
Some padlocks allow for re-keying as well .
This is a fantastic way to cut down on the number of keys you have to lug around .
One visit to a locksmith can put all of your home access points on a single key , and usually for a very reasonable price .
Though you ca n’t do this with cars or office buildings because you need to be able to bring the lock to the locksmith , this can still reduce the number of keys you carry around significantly .
Some padlocks allow for re-keying as well .
Scatter lots of cheap pens and pencils .
Distribute them all over your home and workplace .
It 's a great idea to do the same with note pads , sticky notes , or note cards .
This is especially easy if you find yourself attending conferences often , because you can pick up lots of the freebees and promotional pens and paper .
If you tend to have high standards for your writing implement , go ahead and stock the nice pens , too , but this way you ’ll never be frantically looking for something to write on and with .
Distribute them all over your home and workplace .
It 's a great idea to do the same with note pads , sticky notes , or note cards .
This is especially easy if you find yourself attending conferences often , because you can pick up lots of the freebees and promotional pens and paper .
If you tend to have high standards for your writing implement , go ahead and stock the nice pens , too , but this way you ’ll never be frantically looking for something to write on and with .
Hoard stamps .
It 's true that snail mail is becoming less and less important , but every once in a while , you do need a stamp .
In fact , it 's probably because you do n’t use them that often that they 're hard to keep track of .
Instead of buying a couple stamps at a time , buy a whole book or a roll to keep around .
Now that the USPS is selling forever stamps , you can buy as many as you want at the current price , and they will always have enough value for a first class mailing .
It 's true that snail mail is becoming less and less important , but every once in a while , you do need a stamp .
In fact , it 's probably because you do n’t use them that often that they 're hard to keep track of .
Instead of buying a couple stamps at a time , buy a whole book or a roll to keep around .
Now that the USPS is selling forever stamps , you can buy as many as you want at the current price , and they will always have enough value for a first class mailing .
Get a toolbox .
One box , many tools .
Stock it with the basics : screwdrivers of different sizes , a hammer , picture hangers , pliers , electrical tape , light bulbs , etc .
Screws fall out all the time , the world is an imperfect place , but if you keep these things handy you wo n't have to wait for a repairman or a visit to the hardware store to get things fixed .
One box , many tools .
Stock it with the basics : screwdrivers of different sizes , a hammer , picture hangers , pliers , electrical tape , light bulbs , etc .
Screws fall out all the time , the world is an imperfect place , but if you keep these things handy you wo n't have to wait for a repairman or a visit to the hardware store to get things fixed .
Make complete sets of spare keys .
Make three extra copies of each of your essential keys ( or single key - see " re - key your locks " above ) .
One copy should stay in your home for guests , or as your own backup , one set should go to a trusted neighbor , and a third should go to a friend or family member who lives nearby .
This way , you can be certain that lost or misplaced keys will not cause too much of a disruption to your day .
Make three extra copies of each of your essential keys ( or single key - see " re - key your locks " above ) .
One copy should stay in your home for guests , or as your own backup , one set should go to a trusted neighbor , and a third should go to a friend or family member who lives nearby .
This way , you can be certain that lost or misplaced keys will not cause too much of a disruption to your day .
Keep your essentials in one place .
Set a specific location and container where you can deposit your keys , phone , wallet , purse , etc. , when you get home .
Ideally , this would be near the door and in a high - traffic area , such as a hallway .
Once you get in the habit of depositing these items in the same place , you 'll get very used to finding them right where you left them !
Set a specific location and container where you can deposit your keys , phone , wallet , purse , etc. , when you get home .
Ideally , this would be near the door and in a high - traffic area , such as a hallway .
Once you get in the habit of depositing these items in the same place , you 'll get very used to finding them right where you left them !
Check your snail mail once a week .
Or , only as often as you need to so that the mailbox does n’t overfill .
Since most mail is junk anyway , feel free to let it sit in your mailbox for a couple of days instead of on your counter or table top .
Or , only as often as you need to so that the mailbox does n’t overfill .
Since most mail is junk anyway , feel free to let it sit in your mailbox for a couple of days instead of on your counter or table top .
Get and use a DVR .
There are two ways that this will make your life easier , and that ’s before we even talk about fast forwarding through commercials .
First of all , recording the shows you love will help ensure that you do n’t waste time flipping through mediocre TV .
You get to watch what you want , and you never risk settling for reruns of Flavor of Love .
Better still , a DVR can be a great time management tool .
You can decide to only watch shows that you have chosen , and when you ’ve seen them , stop watching .
Once you get used to this , you'd be amazed how easy it is to turn off the TV when you actually have to sit through a commercial to see the conclusion of The Fresh Prince of Bel - Air .
There are two ways that this will make your life easier , and that ’s before we even talk about fast forwarding through commercials .
First of all , recording the shows you love will help ensure that you do n’t waste time flipping through mediocre TV .
You get to watch what you want , and you never risk settling for reruns of Flavor of Love .
Better still , a DVR can be a great time management tool .
You can decide to only watch shows that you have chosen , and when you ’ve seen them , stop watching .
Once you get used to this , you'd be amazed how easy it is to turn off the TV when you actually have to sit through a commercial to see the conclusion of The Fresh Prince of Bel - Air .
Keep cards , wrapping paper , and even a few simple gifts for last - minute occasions .
This is a great way to reduce errand - running stress .
Wait for a sale , if you want , or just hit the store with the intention of purchasing a few birthday , thank you , and blank all - occasion greeting cards .
Add to these a couple of gift bags and tissue paper , along with some simple , generic gifts .
Gift cards to popular stores , picture frames , and candles are all good ideas for storable , unisex gifts that can save you from a last - minute , errand - running stress - fest .
This is a great way to reduce errand - running stress .
Wait for a sale , if you want , or just hit the store with the intention of purchasing a few birthday , thank you , and blank all - occasion greeting cards .
Add to these a couple of gift bags and tissue paper , along with some simple , generic gifts .
Gift cards to popular stores , picture frames , and candles are all good ideas for storable , unisex gifts that can save you from a last - minute , errand - running stress - fest .
Outsource your chores .
Seriously , the kid down the street could get really excited about the ten bucks you give him for mowing the lawn , walking the dog , washing the car , whatever .
Your time and sanity are worth way more than that kid 's hourly wage .
If you have the means , ask your friends and neighbors for a referral for a housekeeper that is trustworthy .
Most housekeepers offer a great hourly value , especially compared to your hourly value , not to mention the value of rest and relaxation .
Seriously , the kid down the street could get really excited about the ten bucks you give him for mowing the lawn , walking the dog , washing the car , whatever .
Your time and sanity are worth way more than that kid 's hourly wage .
If you have the means , ask your friends and neighbors for a referral for a housekeeper that is trustworthy .
Most housekeepers offer a great hourly value , especially compared to your hourly value , not to mention the value of rest and relaxation .
Set up one charging station for all of your electronics .
A power strip or two should be all it takes to get your phone , PDA , Bluetooth accessories , camera , mp3 player , laptop , and rechargeable battery charger all plugged in .
Keep a stock of new batteries nearby as well .
Never moving the chargers for your electronics means never having to look for them .
A power strip or two should be all it takes to get your phone , PDA , Bluetooth accessories , camera , mp3 player , laptop , and rechargeable battery charger all plugged in .
Keep a stock of new batteries nearby as well .
Never moving the chargers for your electronics means never having to look for them .
Get and use a filing cabinet .
Even if all you do is open the drawer and drop important documents into the “ To be Filed ” folder .
At least that way , you 'll know where to find them when you need them .
Away from Home
Avoid Traffic .
There are so many good reasons to do this , but we especially love the feeling of flying past a line of cars on a bicycle .
Even when walking , close neighborhood errands can often be quicker when there is no need to park / repark your car .
Plus there 's all the added benefits of saving the planet and your own cash that you 're not spending on fuel .
You can take this strategy to the next level by trying for a job that will allow you to work from home or flex your hours so that you 'll never be forced to sit in rush - hour traffic .
There are so many good reasons to do this , but we especially love the feeling of flying past a line of cars on a bicycle .
Even when walking , close neighborhood errands can often be quicker when there is no need to park / repark your car .
Plus there 's all the added benefits of saving the planet and your own cash that you 're not spending on fuel .
You can take this strategy to the next level by trying for a job that will allow you to work from home or flex your hours so that you 'll never be forced to sit in rush - hour traffic .
Plan your errands with the most efficient route in mind .
No matter if you 're on foot , on a bicycle , or on public transport , when you leave the house you should have a good idea of what your stops are and the easiest way to get there and back , with all the destinations in between .
Do n’t forget to consider traffic patterns , and be okay with putting off errands for a day or two so that you can accomplish many things in one trip .
No matter if you 're on foot , on a bicycle , or on public transport , when you leave the house you should have a good idea of what your stops are and the easiest way to get there and back , with all the destinations in between .
Do n’t forget to consider traffic patterns , and be okay with putting off errands for a day or two so that you can accomplish many things in one trip .
Program your mobile phone with all possible numbers .
If you plan to be away from your home or your computer for an extended period of time , it ’s a good idea to prepare by anticipating phone numbers you will need and programming them into your phone .
Especially when you are traveling , some examples of numbers you may need in a pinch are hotels , rental cars , taxis , airlines , and restaurants .
If you plan to be away from your home or your computer for an extended period of time , it ’s a good idea to prepare by anticipating phone numbers you will need and programming them into your phone .
Especially when you are traveling , some examples of numbers you may need in a pinch are hotels , rental cars , taxis , airlines , and restaurants .
Never travel without a swimsuit .
Period .
You do n’t want to miss an opportunity to enjoy a hot tub or sauna because they wo n’t let you go commando .
Period .
You do n’t want to miss an opportunity to enjoy a hot tub or sauna because they wo n’t let you go commando .
Hide money and important documents in multiple places .
Especially when you ’re traveling abroad , it ’s a good idea to keep your stores of cash or traveler ’s checks hidden in several different locations in your luggage .
By splitting up your funds , any potential robber will think they ’ve got your stash when in fact they have only found a bit of it .
Similarly , keep a few copies of your passport and plane tickets hidden in different locations throughout your stuff .
If something should go missing , it will be far easier to replace if you ’re holding on to a copy .
Especially when you ’re traveling abroad , it ’s a good idea to keep your stores of cash or traveler ’s checks hidden in several different locations in your luggage .
By splitting up your funds , any potential robber will think they ’ve got your stash when in fact they have only found a bit of it .
Similarly , keep a few copies of your passport and plane tickets hidden in different locations throughout your stuff .
If something should go missing , it will be far easier to replace if you ’re holding on to a copy .
Do n't be ashamed to carry a man purse .
We mean it .
There 's a reason why women carry those things -- they 're just darn useful .
If it makes you feel better to carry something shaped like a backpack , go ahead and do that instead .
Whatever the shape , pick out something that holds what you need it to , and do n't apologize for being the one ready with a business card , a pen , or your reading glasses .
And if someone asks if you 're carrying a man purse , tell them that it 's European .
We mean it .
There 's a reason why women carry those things -- they 're just darn useful .
If it makes you feel better to carry something shaped like a backpack , go ahead and do that instead .
Whatever the shape , pick out something that holds what you need it to , and do n't apologize for being the one ready with a business card , a pen , or your reading glasses .
And if someone asks if you 're carrying a man purse , tell them that it 's European .
Keep an umbrella , a blanket , and a gallon of water in your trunk .
Because these are the things you will miss the most , should you need them .
If you need to be prepared for more than foul weather , romance , or overheating , we recommend an extra pair of comfortable shoes , snow chains ( if you live in that kind of neighborhood ) , and a Frisbee for throwing while you wait for the parking lot to empty out .
Because these are the things you will miss the most , should you need them .
If you need to be prepared for more than foul weather , romance , or overheating , we recommend an extra pair of comfortable shoes , snow chains ( if you live in that kind of neighborhood ) , and a Frisbee for throwing while you wait for the parking lot to empty out .
Park far away from entrances .
Walking across a parking lot is n’t necessarily the most pleasant thing , but it ’s still walking .
Walking is exercise and therefore reduces stress .
Waiting patiently for a spot near the front , only to have that yellow H2 ignore you and pull into your spot will have the opposite effect .
With Your Money
Keep lots of change around .
While quarters are the most useful , there are lots of good reasons to keep change around .
If you do n't acquire coins in the course of your normal routine , virtually any bank will trade you quarters ( or other coins ) for bills .
Keeping a stack of them in your home , your car , your purse , your locker , or your desk will save you from scrounging when you encounter a parking meter , laundromat , or especially a vending machine .
While quarters are the most useful , there are lots of good reasons to keep change around .
If you do n't acquire coins in the course of your normal routine , virtually any bank will trade you quarters ( or other coins ) for bills .
Keeping a stack of them in your home , your car , your purse , your locker , or your desk will save you from scrounging when you encounter a parking meter , laundromat , or especially a vending machine .
Keep a back up fund of cash hidden in your car , wallet , or at home .
The trick to this is that you have to learn to consider it backup money , and is therefore not for spending except in a real pinch .
Keeping this money in your wallet will make it harder not to spend , but will also be very useful when you have an unanticipated need for a taxi or a meal .
Keeping the money at home or in your car will often save you from spending it , but will save you from having to visit the ATM when you 're rushed .
The trick to this is that you have to learn to consider it backup money , and is therefore not for spending except in a real pinch .
Keeping this money in your wallet will make it harder not to spend , but will also be very useful when you have an unanticipated need for a taxi or a meal .
Keeping the money at home or in your car will often save you from spending it , but will save you from having to visit the ATM when you 're rushed .
Subscribe to online delivery of bills and account statements .
This will benefit your actual life when you find your mailbox is no longer clogged with dead trees .
Plus , you wo n't have to file them .
This will benefit your actual life when you find your mailbox is no longer clogged with dead trees .
Plus , you wo n't have to file them .
Use direct deposit whenever possible .
This is such a great service .
If your employer offers it , they will often allow you to break the deposit up into a few different accounts which can help you budget your savings or other investments just by filling out a single form .
This is such a great service .
If your employer offers it , they will often allow you to break the deposit up into a few different accounts which can help you budget your savings or other investments just by filling out a single form .
Use autopay .
Autopay can be arranged through your bank or directly with the vendor .
Aggressive use of this technique can virtually put your finances on autopilot .
You just need to ensure that there 's enough money in the account when the payments are scheduled , and then do n't worry about tracking down your checkbook , a stamp , or the invoice .
Autopay can be arranged through your bank or directly with the vendor .
Aggressive use of this technique can virtually put your finances on autopilot .
You just need to ensure that there 's enough money in the account when the payments are scheduled , and then do n't worry about tracking down your checkbook , a stamp , or the invoice .
Change the billing cycles on your monthly bills so that they 're all due at the same time .
Usually this can be accomplished with a quick phone call if it can't be done online .
This can prevent forgotten or lost bills , since you 'll have to go through your entire list of liabilities at the same time .
If one of your accounts wo n't allow you to change the billing cycle , then change all the others to match that one .
The other useful thing about this practice is that it makes it easier to calculate your monthly expenses and make good decisions about your budget .
In Your Personal Life
The following collections are larger and take longer to load but contain some of the best ascii pictures .
You ’ve seen the facts , now check out five ways on how Geek Squad “ ruined ” Best Buy .
Do n’t agree ?
Discuss here .
We receive little or no training
Very few Geek Squad Agents have extensive computer knowledge before they are hired .
Many Agents are hired simply because the hiring manager liked their personality .
What little training we have we get from watching our fellow Agents work or from studying on our own
Wonder why our turn - around time is so long ?
It ’s because we ’re either short - handed or Best Buy wo n’t give us the labor hours we need to repair computers .
Best Buy puts a greater emphasis on selling the services than actually performing the services
We hate our high prices , too
It was difficult for me to sell a computer diagnostic when the price was still $ 59 , but when the prices jumped ( and our precinct received no warning ) , I almost cried .
I knew there was no way I could sell the same service for even more
Best Buy abuses us
Since I was the Geek Squad Senior , I got to deal with all the angry customers .
Some of my worst memories come from being screamed at by 60 - year - old men because they do n’t want to pay for a virus removal , or their laptop is taking too long at the service center
Every store meeting , it ’s crammed down our throats to upsell , upsell , upsell
“ Offer a cleaning ” , “ Attach anti-virus install ” , and “ Everyone needs a data backup ! ” are just some of the crap they tell us .
While we realize that the majority of the people who use a computer are capable of pressing “ Next ” on the Norton Anti-Virus install window , we are constantly pressed to “ persuade ” the customers to purchase these services
The Downside of the Boom China 's Poison for the Planet
Can the environment withstand China 's growing economic might ?
As one of the planet 's worst polluters , Beijing 's ecological sins are creating problems on a global scale .
Many countries are now feeling the consequences .
The most recent version of this essay can be found at http://linuxmafia.com/faq/Licensing_and_Law/forking.html.
original version ( corrected and annotated )
[ 1 ] ( Footnote on overall context of this essay .
Please read . )
From rick Sun Nov 14 16:13:06 1999 Date : Sun , 14 Nov 1999 16:13:06 - 0800 From : Rick Moen rick
To : [ several individuals at my former firm ]
Subject : Essay for the Brown - Baggers : code forking Message - ID : 19991114161305.C32325@uncle-enzo.imat.com Mime - Version : 1.0 Content - Type : text / plain ; charset=us-ascii X - Mailer : Mutt 1.0i X - CABAL : There is no CABAL .
X - CABAL - URL : There is no http://linuxmafia.com/cabal/
X-Eric-Conspiracy :
There is no conspiracy .
X - Eric - regex - matching :
There are no stealth members of the conspiracy .
Status : RO Content - Length : 20135 Lines : 381
Ed , I hope you would not mind forwarding this essay to the Brown Baggers mailing list .
I was trying to finish this for the sales force 's benefit before my departure , but ran out of time , in my rush to get my department in order .
WHY LINUX WON'T FORK
And why being able to fork is still A Good Thing . [ 2 ]
I noticed some puzzled faces when Nick [ 3 ] did his presentation on licences at a Brown Bag session , and talked about the right to fork source code .
He pointed out that the right to start your own mutant version of any open source project ( which is what we mean by " forking " ) is an important safeguard .
He and I both stressed that the absence of that right in Sun's " SCSL " ( Sun Community Source Licence ) , used for Java , Jini , and ( potentially ) Solaris [ 4 ] and Star Office is what prevents SCSL from being genuinely open source .
( Borrowing a term from Eric S. Raymond , I called SCSL projects " viewable source " . )
But this creates a puzzle for you guys [ 5 ] : I 'll bet you have to work hard to fight customer fears that GNU / Linux [ 6 ] will fragment into a hundred incompatible versions because there 's no single big corporation in charge .
Right ?
And here Nick and I come , saying thank God open source licences guarantee everyone the right to do just that .
Sounds contradictory , right ?
OK , here 's the quick and dirty answer .
The detailed one comes later :
Linux wo n't fork because the fork - er has to do too much work for no payoff :
Any worthwhile improvements he makes will be absorbed into the main branch , and his fork will be discarded / ignored as pointless .
The above happens with Linux , even though it has n't with earlier projects , because of the effect of Linux 's source - code licence .
NOTABLE PAST INSTANCES OF FORKING
1. Unix --> dozens of proprietary mutant corporate Unixes
If you 've read up on Unix history , you know that Unix was a freak product of AT&T 's Bell Labs division , around 1969 .
I 'll omit most of the long story , but the most important fact to know is that AT&T was then operating under a January 24 , 1956 Department of Justice anti-trust judgement [ 7 ] ( which expired around 1980 ) prohibiting it from entering the computer / software business , and required it to reveal what patents it held and license them when asked .
So , it could not legally sell Unix , but instead sold source - code licences ( and occasionally also the right to use the trademarked name " Unix " ) to ( 1 ) universities , such as U.C. Berkeley , and ( 2 ) companies such as IBM , Apple , DEC , Data General , SGI , SCO , HP , etc .
Those companies bought the right to make their own Unixes : IBM released AIX .
Apple did A / UX. DEC did Ultrix [ 8 ] , OSF /1 , and Digital Unix ( later renamed " Compaq Unix " and now " Compaq Tru64 Unix " ) .
Data General did DG / UX , SGI did IRIX , HP did HP / UX , and SCO did Xenix [ 9 ] which eventually mutated into SCO Open Server .
And we could cite others , but I 'll spare you .
The point is that these were the jokers who ruined Unix .
Every one of them marketed his mutant Unix as " Unix plus " -- everything the other guys have and more .
Needing to create differentiators , they deliberately made their Unixes incompatible while giving lip service to " standards " .
For customers , this was simply a mess , and Microsoft drove right through these guys ' disunity like a Sherman tank .
It is the classic instance of forking that sticks in people 's minds .
Which is why you folks are expected to assure customers that the same wo n't happen to GNU / Linux .
We 'll return to this point later .
2. BSD --> FreeBSD , NetBSD , OpenBSD , BSD OS , MachTen , NeXTStep ( which has recently mutated into Apple Macintosh OS X ) , and SunOS ( now called Solaris ) [ 10 ]
As I mentioned above , antitrust - limited AT&T , not being able to sell Unix itself , gave out very cheap Unix source - code licences [ 11 ] to universities including U.C. Berkeley .
UCB 's Computing Systems Research Group ( CSRG ) took the lead in the academic world : Having access to the source code , they quickly realised that they could rewrite it to make it much better , and slowly did so .
Their rewrite was dubbed " BSD " ( Berkeley Software Distribution ) , and they were glad to share it with anyone similarly having an AT&T Unix source licence .
And their work was generally a great deal better than Bell Labs 's , partly because it benefited from worldwide peer review in a very open - source - like fashion . [ 12 ]
Over quite a few years , they gradually replaced almost all of the AT&T work , without ( at first ) really intending to .
One fine day in 1991 , grad student Keith Bostic came to the BSD lead developers , inspired by Richard M. Stallman 's ( remember him ? ) [ 13 ]
GNU Project , and suggested replacing BSD 's remaining AT&T work to create a truly free BSD .
Dreading the confrontation likely to result with AT&T , they tried to stall by assigning Bostic the difficult part of this task , rewriting some key BSD utilities .
This backfired when he promptly did exactly that .
So , they grumbled but then completed the job [ 14 ] , and tried to prevent AT&T from noticing what they had done .
AT&T did notice [ 15 ] , panicked , and sued .
That , too , is a long story best omitted .
Under the stress of the lawsuit , freeware BSD split into three camps ( FreeBSD , NetBSD , and OpenBSD ) . [ 16 ]
But there were also several proprietary branches [ 17 ] , made possible because U.C. Berkeley 's " BSD Licence " allowed creation of those : Sun Microsystems 's SunOS , Tenon Intersystems 's MachTen , BSDI 's BSD OS [ 18 ] , and NeXT Computer 's NeXTStep OS all came out for sale without public access to source , and were all based on the Berkeley BSD source code .
Note the distinction :
If you write a program and release the source code under the GNU General Public Licence ( GPL ) , other people who sell or otherwise release derived works that incorporate your work must release their source code under GPL conditions .
The same is not true if you release your work under the BSD Licence :
Anyone else can create a variant form of your work and refuse to release his source - code modifications .
( In other words , he is allowed to create proprietary variants . )
A word about the three free BSD variants :
All three were splinters from a now - dead project called 386BSD .
All have talked about re-merging in order to save duplication of effort , but they now persist as separate projects because they 've specialised : FreeBSD aims for the highest possible stability [ 19 ] on Intel x86 ( IA32 ) CPUs , NetBSD tries to run on as many different CPU types as possible , and OpenBSD aims to have the tightest security possible .
In other words , the 386BSD project remains forked because there are compelling reasons that make this a win for everyone .
Also , where possible , these three sister projects collaborate on tough tasks -- and they also collaborate with GNU / Linux programmers .
Some of the best hardware drivers in the Linux kernel are actually BSD drivers .
There 's a high level of compatibility among the three BSDs and between them and GNU / Linux : Unlike the proprietary Unix vendors , BSD and GNU / Linux programmers have an incentive to eliminate incompatibility and support standards .
3. emacs --> GNU emacs -->
Lucid emacs --> xemacs --> other proprietary emacsen , now mostly forgotten
The Emacs editor / programming environment ( short for " editing macros " ) was originally written by Richard M. Stallman ( with Guy Steele and Dave Moon ) in 1976 , in TECO macros and PDP 10 assembly , to run on ITS and TOPS - 20 -- at that time , under no explicit licence terms .
( Stallman has clarified that it did carry a statement that " People should send changes back to me so I could add them to the distribution . " )
It proved wildly popular , and by 1981 had started to give rise to explicitly proprietary variants , notably James Gosling 's C- coded " Gosling Emacs " .
[ The original version of this essay 's section on Emacs forks was sadly confused , as I had confused this " Gosmacs " fork with others , in attempting to recall Emacs history solely from unaided memory , and my explanation went wrong from that point on .
For this revision , I 've replaced that entire section . ]
In 1985 , Richard Stallman resumed leadership , creating his flagship GNU Emacs version in C , based initially on Gosling 's work , but replacing all Gosling code by mid-year , enabling Stallman to place the work under his newly written GNU General Public Licence , which he then did .
At this point , mid-1985 , Emacs 's open - source history begins .
By 1991 , Stallman 's GNU Emacs had gone from major versions 15 through 18 , with a number of point releases .
NCSA originated a set of popular patches ( " Epoch " ) to improve GUI support : GNU Emacs 19 was expected to merge Epoch 's features cleanly .
So things stood as developers at Lucid , Inc. ( who used Emacs with their proprietary C / C++ development tools ) began participating in the GNU Emacs development effort , attempting to bring about version 19 .
For reasons that remain disputed ( http://www.jwz.org/doc/lemacs.html), the Lucid developers and Stallman had difficulty cooperating , and the Lucid developers released their version as Lucid Emacs 19.0 , in April 1992 .
( As a fork of GNU Emacs , it is likewise under the GNU GPL . )
The anomalous aspect of this rare fork of a GPLed work is not so much that it occurred as that it persists to this day : Lucid Emacs was renamed XEmacs in September 1994 ( after Lucid , Inc. closed ) and remains equally popular with Stallman 's version .
This appears to be a rare case of differences about working styles , design issues , and management policies outweighing the advantages of re-merging .
However , even here , convergence occurs :
Since much of an Emacs implementation 's functionality exists as elisp macros , essentially all of that code is common to the two rival Emacs projects .
And each benefits from studying the other 's new features and code .
4. NCSA httpd -->
Apache Web server
These days , the world 's standard Web server package is the Apache package , maintained by the all - volunteer Apache Group .
( That is not to say that they do n't make money : Members of the Apache Group such as Brian Behlendorf have practically a licence to print cash , when it comes to Web consulting , because of their well - earned fame . )
But , before there was an Apache , you ran either the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign National Center for Supercomputing Applications 's " NCSA httpd " ( HyperText Transport Protocol daemon ) or Geneva - based CERN's ( Centre Européen pour la Recherche Nucléaire's ) " CERN httpd " .
The NCSA daemon was smaller and faster , while the CERN one was famous mostly for association with the creator of the Web , Tim Berners - Lee , who worked as a researcher at CERN . [ 20 ]
CERN 's httpd ( later called " W3C httpd " ) was always under an early sort of free - software licence .
It 's no longer maintained -- a dead project .
It 's unclear what NCSA httpd 's licence was originally , but when that project died ( 1996 ) its licence was a " free for non-commercial usage only " one . [ 21 ]
In any event , the story is that an on - line group of programmers who had been producing patches ( modifications ) for the NCSA httpd eventually decided that they 'd produced their own variant in 1995 , forking the code .
" Apache " was originally just Brian Behlendorf 's temporary code name for the project , but fellow developers then pointed out the name 's appropriateness ( " a - patchy " server = " apache " ; get it ? ) , and it stuck .
In any event , this is an instance of why and how open - source projects fork benignly , for good reason : Development at NCSA had stalled after the package 's original creator , Rob McCool , left the Center .
If that happened to a proprietary product , it would just die , leaving all its users in the lurch .
However , because the product was so useful , the Apache Group forked the source code and kept driving it forward .
It now dominates all Web servers , regardless of their marketing and development budgets .
5. gcc --> pgcc --> egcs --> gcc
Here 's an odd one : Richard M. Stallman ( remember him ? ) founded in 1984 the GNU Project , which produced [ 22 ] the immensely important GNU C Compiler ( " gcc " ) .
gcc is designed to work on just about any remotely feasible computer , not just the Intel x86 ( IA32 ) series .
So , it might just have been other priorities that delayed improved Intel support .
Specifically , well into 1997 , the best the then - current gcc 2.7 series could do for code optimisation on Intel was to set the compiler for 486 chips .
People pleaded with FSF for Pentium optimisation , but were stubbornly ignored .
So , two separate groups , in succession , developed Pentium - optimised compilers as forks from gcc 2.7 .
The first was " pgcc " , from the Pentium Compiler Group , a consortium consisting mainly of Intel Corporation staffers .
pgcc produced very fast code via a two - pass process , but was completely non-functional on gcc's non-Intel platforms , and for that reason could not be accepted into the main gcc code .
Further , it departed so radically from the base gcc code that it proved difficult for pgcc to track gcc improvements .
However , the Pentium Compiler Group distributed its work widely , and its Web site remained available as a major resource on Pentium optimisation issues for interested parties -- so much so that my initial version of this section , based on memories of that site , inadvertently confused the Intel / PCG work with the later egcs work ( discussed below ) .
My thanks to Ian Lance Taylor of CYGNUS for helping me straighten out the account .
Perhaps inspired in small part by receiving a copy of pgcc , but more so by a desire to make their jobs easier , improve the compiler they worked extensively with , and broaden the development model to include more developers ( than just Richard Kenner , who was in charge of gcc ) , programmers at the CYGNUS company of Sunnyvale , California ( the one that was recently bought by Red Hat Software , Inc. ) independently followed up pgcc with the more - successful egcs compiler .
Unlike pgcc , egcs was only a modest departure from gcc 2.7 , was equally portable , and was like gcc single - pass .
And it was a very clear improvement over Kenner 's 2.7 and 2.8 gcc series , not just in adding Pentium support .
For whatever reason , Stallman 's Free Software Foundation ( developers of the GNU Project ) continued to act as if egcs did n't exist .
So , GNU / Linux distributions began to emerge based on egcs , and the free - software world began to mostly ignore gcc .
This can be seen as a variant on the Apache experience .
The ability to fork means that progress will not be impeded by a developer not wanting to move forward : Somebody else can , as gracefully as possible , assume the leadership role and ( if necessary ) fork the project .
However , this necessity was averted in the egcs case .
In April 1999 , the FSF re-merged egcs into the ( would - be ) main gcc branch , and handed over all future development to the egcs team ( such that egcs 1.2 became gcc 2.95 ) , thereby resolving the conflict .
6. glibc --> Linux libc --> glibc
This is a nearly mirror - image case .
Any Unix relies extremely heavily on a library of essential functions called the " C library " .
For the GNU Project , Richard M. Stallman's ( remember him ? ) GNU Project wrote [ 23 ] the GNU C Library , or glibc , starting in the 1980s .
When Linus and his fellow programmers started work on the GNU / Linux system ( using Linus 's " Linux " kernel ) , they looked around for free - software C libraries , and chose Stallman 's [ 24 ] .
However , they decided that FSF 's library ( then at version 1 - point - something ) could / should best be adapted for the Linux kernel as a separately - maintained project , and so decided to fork off their own version , dubbed " Linux libc " .
Their effort continued through versions 2.x , 3.x , 4.x , and 5.x , but in 1997 - 98 they noticed something disconcerting : FSF 's glibc , although it was still in 1 - point - something version numbers , had developed some amazing advantages . [ 25 ]
Its internal functions were version - labeled so that new versions could be added without breaking support for older applications , it did multiple language support better , and it properly supported multiple execution threads .
The GNU / Linux programmers decided that , even though their fork seemed a good idea at the time , it had been a strategic mistake .
Adding all of FSF 's improvements to their mutant version would be possible , but it was easier just to re-standardise onto glibc .
So , glibc 2.0 and above have been slowly adapted as the standard C Library by GNU / Linux distributions .
The version numbers were a minor problem :
The GNU / Linux guys had already reached 5.4.47 , while FSF was just hitting 2.0 .
They probably pondered for about a millisecond asking Stallman to make his next version 6.0 for their benefit .
Then they laughed , said " This is Stallman we 're talking about , right ? " , and decided out - stubborning Richard was not a wise idea .
So , the convention is that Linux libc version 6.0 is the same as glibc 2.0 .
7. Sybase --> Microsoft SQL Server
Woody Allen has a saying that " The lion may lie down with the lamb , but the lamb wo n't get much sleep " .
Much the same can be said of companies that enter " industry alliances " with Microsoft Corporation .
One of the several slow - learner corporations to make this mistake was Sybase Corporation , publisher of the Sybase Structured Query Language ( SQL ) database package for numerous Unixes and NetWare .
As part of the alliance , Microsoft sold Sybase to its customers , relabeled as Microsoft SQL Server , and got access to Sybase 's source code under non-disclosure agreement .
Then , predictably , Microsoft broke the alliance when it had learned all it could from Sybase , and reintroduced Microsoft SQL Server as its own product in competition with Sybase .
I do not know if current MS SQL Server versions are rewritten from scratch or retain Sybase code under licence terms [ 26 ] , so this may not be a legitimate case of forking ( let alone open source ) , but it 's similar enough I thought I should mention it .
ANALYSIS : WHY OPEN - SOURCE FORKING IS BOTH RARE AND BENIGN
You , the reader , can fork any open source project at any time .
This is absolutely not cause for alarm .
Let 's prove it :
Get a copy of the current Linux kernel from ftp://ftp.kernel.org/.
Rename it .
Call it Fooware OS .
Send out messages to everywhere you can think of , announcing that Fooware OS has splintered off from Linux , and great things are expected of it .
Wait for reactions .
Wait some more .
Listen to the clock ticking .
Sort your lint collection .
Open up the source code tree , think about what you might do with it , and wonder where you 're going to find the time .
Well , that 's a little unfair :
You 're probably not a programmer .
Let 's imagine that you are .
You 're a ninja programmer with mighty code - fu , a drive to succeed , and a disciplined team of programmer henchmen .
So , you do n't just listen to the clock tick , but get some really good work done .
You improve the heck out of the kernel , in fact .
And then the Linux people smile broadly , and quite sincerely tell you " Thank you very much . "
Like effective programmers the world over , they know programming is difficult work and are constructively lazy .
That is , they 're not proud , and are glad to use other people 's work -- when that 's allowed .
Oh , you forgot that your work was under the GPL , did n't you ?
By forking off , working on , and distributing your variant of a GPLed work ( the Linux kernel ) , you consented to issuing your improvements under the GPL also , for other people to freely use .
So , you only thought you were creating Fooware OS ; in fact , you were creating a better Linux .
That 's why forking is uncommon in open - source code , and even more so in ( specifically ) GPLed code :
The improvements one group makes in its would - be " fork " are freely available to the main community .
But , as we have seen from the mostly non-GPL examples above , forking is nonetheless not only always an option , but is a vital safety valve in case the existing developers ( 1 ) stop working on the project , or ( 2 ) decide to stand in the way of progress .
The fact that this can occur is A Good Thing .
A third reason for forking also exists , and may hit the GNU / Linux community eventually : specialisation .
You may recall that this is what ultimately happened with the three free BSD variants -- although stress from the clash - of - the - titans AT&T v. U.C. Berkeley lawsuit arguably made that situation unique .
That is , somebody may eventually propose to the Linux kernel team some extension that 's simply outside the scope of the project , and yet builds enough support behind it ( and has enough reason for existing ) that it proceeds anyway .
In that case , Linux will fork -- and it will be a good thing , because then there will be two strong projects instead of one , each concentrating on an important niche that the other cannot fill . [ 27 ]
If that happens , the forks would undoubtedly share code and information exactly as the BSD variants do , to prevent duplication of effort , and because it makes sense to do so .
And the world will be richer for both the fork and the sharing .
I hope this explanation proves useful to you .
It 's been a pleasure working with you all , and please do stay in touch .
-- Rick M .
[ 1 ]
On the afternoon of Saturday , November 13 , 1999 , I was badly in need of a little diversion : I was sitting next to the hospital bed of my girlfriend , who had been abruptly dismissed from my firm ( a major - name Linux firm that shall go nameless ) , three days earlier .
On account of my own separate issues with management , I had just resigned my job as chief of the system administration department .
I also had just gone through a week of sixteen - hour days to put my department in top condition ( preparatory to leaving ) , plus I was suffering exhaustion and a week - old case of influenza .
And now we were waiting the first of many hours for my girlfriend 's blood - test results , and so I needed something to keep my mind occupied .
Fortunately , I had my laptop computer with me , and so I wrote out an essay I 'd been working on in my head for the past week or so : I wrote it , beginning to end , in one long , continuous typing spree , over the course of several hours .
Please note that I had no access to the Internet or any reference works ; all contents were from my fatigue - addled memory .
I was still exhausted the next day , and e-mailed out the completed text without meaningful checking .
That essay was intended not for the world at large , but rather for an internal mailing list at my former firm , as a parting gift to my friends in the sales department :
A couple of months earlier , I had helped found a series of internal seminars , the Brown Bag series , with a presenter every Tuesday and Thursday briefing the sales department ( and other interested employees ) on different aspects of free / open - source software , to help them understand the GNU / Linux community , its history and customs , and many related , sales - relevant issues .
As an adjunct , we also set up a Brown Bag mailing list , where the sales force were encouraged to ask us techies anything they needed to know .
To help matters , whenever a salesman asked me a good , fundamental question ( which happened frequently , since all of them were impressively bright , quick learners ) , I would spend an evening writing it up in essay form , for the entire list .
So , my " Fear of Forking " essay ( a title later suggested for it by Eric S. Raymond ) was my final contribution , to close out that series of essays .
I sent it to the Brown Bag list - owner , and cc'd two other former colleagues for their enjoyment .
One of the latter asked if the firm could use it as a featured article , which they then did .
That version was then picked up by Slashdot.org .
Please bear in mind that design goal , as you read the piece :
It was not intended to be a history of Unix , nor a technical treatise on code forking , but rather a conceptual overview of the code forking issue , with brief historical examples , to explain to a sales team how and why free / open - source software differs from proprietary software in not having that problem -- to help them better do their jobs .
It might be worth mentioning that " Unix " was written as " UNIX " early in that OS 's history -- for no good reason .
( It 's not an acronym . )
Likewise for some similar non-acronym names such as XENIX and ULTRIX .
I have rendered all in the more modern and grammatically - justifiable fashion .
[ 2 ] Staff at my former firm changed the subtitle for their version to " How the GPL Keeps Linux Unified and Strong " and wrote three different , replacement introductory paragraphs , for the version published at their Web site .
I generally like what they wrote , but -- in those three new paragraphs and the new subtitle -- they did inadvertently make the piece seem a bit of an advertisement and ideological argument for ( specifically ) the GNU GPL , which was not my intention .
The BSD crowd would argue that although BSD licensing does allow proprietary code forks , those tend to be temporary and / or lose momentum because they cease to fully benefit from the exchange of code and information in the larger BSD community .
I would strongly agree .
History seems to support their claim .
[ 3 ] Nick Moffitt , Brown Bag lecturer and member of my staff at my former firm .
[ 4 ]
An edit error on my part :
In the essay as posted to the Brown Bag list , I included Solaris among those works whose source code had already been issued under the SCSL family of licences .
As of that date , Sun Microsystems was clearly contemplating such a move but had not taken it : Solaris remained binary - only .
So , I have fixed my essay text to list it correctly in the " potential " category .
( Sun later promised it would genuinely open - source Solaris , and did exactly that in 2007 , albeit with some third - party inclusions available only as proprietary , binary - only code , including many important device drivers . )
There is no one definitive SCSL licence text :
Each instance is slightly different , such that Sun refers to SCSL as a family of licences .
In May 2007 , finally , Sun also re-released almost all of the Sun Java toolkit under the GNU General Public License , leaving out only a few component libraries whose third - party owners refused to go open source .
Those will remain proprietary and binary - only .
[ 5 ]
Referring , in case it is n't obvious , to the firm 's sales force .
[ 6 ]
I use this term to refer to complete operating system packages based on the Linux kernel , and " Linux " to mean just the kernel .
At various points , I also used the terms " free software " and " open- source software " interchangeably , considering them two terms for the same concept with different marketing emphases -- differences in emphasis that are often significant , but not here .
[ 7 ]
Technical speaking , a consent decree as opposed to a judgement .
Consent decrees are legal settlements under which a firm agrees to be bound by certain restrictions , in exchange for a regulatory agency agreeing to drop a legal action against it .
The firm gets to avoid proceeding to judgement , and a milder penalty than it might suffer at a judge 's hands .
The agency gets a quicker settlement , and avoids the always - present possibility of eventually losing , not to mention the certainty of greater legal costs .
[ 8 ]
Long - vanished DEC Ultrix was actually based on Berkeley Unix ( BSD ) , and therefore only indirectly on AT&T Unix .
( Does anyone really care ? )
[ 9 ] Xenix was a very limited and much - derided Unix variant for 80286 ( AT - class ) machines , written by a team at Microsoft , whose division immediately split off as Santa Cruz Operation ( SCO ) , taking the product ( such as it was ) with them in exchange for giving Microsoft ( if memory serves ) 40 % of their stock -- a kind of reverse acquisition .
I had n't forgotten this history in writing my essay ; it 's just one of many fine details that I saw no need to get into .
( That " SCO " company , based in Santa Cruz , California , which eventually renamed itself to Tarantella , sold off its unwanted OS business division , and was merged into Sun Microsystems , should not be confused with the more recent SCO Group of Lindon , Utah .
The latter company , which had started life as Linux firm Caldera Systems , Inc. , in 2001 purchased the " SCO " name and related unwanted OS division , exited the Linux business , and since then has attempted rather poorly to be a proprietary Unix company , but has become better known for its even more doubtful lawsuit efforts . )
[ 10 ]
There 's a tedious and well - worn flamewar over SunOS vs.
Solaris that I was hoping to skirt entirely .
Naturally , it became a prime topic on the Slashdot thread , nonetheless :
Originally , SunOS ( through version 4.1.0 ) was a variant form of Berkeley Unix ( BSD ) .
Then , Sun Microsystems developed Solaris as ( approximately ) an outgrowth / extension of SunOS , but in so doing discarded the existing BSD - based codebase , rewriting it on an AT&T System V Unix foundation .
Nonetheless ,
Sun maintains to this day that Solaris incorporates SunOS , and the output of Solaris 's " uname " command asserts this , too .
For their part , hordes of BSD - loving Sun users continue to despise Solaris , and use the term " SunOS " to mean pre-SystemV versions .
Given that my essay was not intended to be a history of Unix , it certainly was n't intended to delve into this morass of definitional warfare .
[ 11 ]
For a decade or more , the academic licence fee amounts were at token levels , but then were raised astronomically when AT&T emerged from the antitrust consent decree , and was able to sell Unix directly .
[ 12 ]
Arguably , Sun Microsystems was trying to establish a similar sort of community , collectively bound by a uniform proprietary licence but able to work with shared code openly , with its SCSL .
Free / open - source software advocates , during Sun's SCSL years of the late 1990s and early 2000s , often accused Sun of attempting to subvert their community using SCSL , but I believed the charge was erroneous -- and my view was vindicated in 2006 - 7 when Sun went substantively all - open - source with its main offerings .
[ 13 ]
This phrase is a private running gag I had with some of the firm 's sales force , after Richard Stallman addressed them in June 1999 : RMS 's name kept surfacing in my explanations of software history and primary issues to the sales representatives , and I kept having to confirm that this was indeed the same young but ubiquitous Richard M. Stallman they had heard speak .
I should stress , also , that in referring to Richard ( in this essay to my former company 's sales staff ) as " stubborn " , I meant that term strictly in an admiring and laudatory spirit .
This , too , was a running gag we had kept going :
When , in mid-1999 , I had first explained Richard 's history and long - term programme to the sales staff , a week before he was scheduled to visit our firm and give a guest lecture , I had started by quoting from George Bernard Shaw 's introduction to Man and Superman : " The reasonable man adapts himself to the world ; the unreasonable man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself .
Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man . "
[ 14 ]
Which entailed identifying and replacing all code that either was definitely or might be AT&T's , in the BSD system .
[ 15 ]
There were several things that tipped off and provoked AT&T , such as the use of something resembling an AT&T " Death Star " corporate logo on the cover of a then - recent BSD release , but apparently the final provocation was tiny proprietary BSD - offshoot BDSI 's January 1992 newspaper advertisement that advised readers to call " 1-800 - ITS - UNIX " .
There is much more to this story , but it is told better elsewhere .
[ 16 ]
This statement is vague -- intentionally so , and in several ways at the same time .
( Again , this was never intended to be a history of Unix . )
At the time , the lawsuit 's allegation of infringement of AT&T source - code copyright cast a shadow over not just Berkeley 's BSD and BSDI 's BSD OS , but also William and Lynne Jolitz 's free - software 386BSD project , which was a patchkit of about 180 patches based on Berkeley 's " NET / 2 " BSD release .
( In retrospect , there is grave doubt about whether AT&T 's complaint ever had merit , on several grounds , but this was not clear at the time .
Kirk McKusick told me that defendants ultimately agreed in the settlement that seven BSD files were encumbered by AT&T copyrights only to let AT&T save face on what would otherwise have been a dead loss , allowing that concession because the seven files were dreadful spaghetti code and overdue for replacement anyway . )
Apparently in part because of the legal threat , the Jolitzes withdrew from the project , leaving copyright questions and a leadership vacuum on top of the project 's other problems .
Two separate groups separated ( setting up real source repositories and version control ) from the stagnating 386BSD patchkit project : first NetBSD and then FreeBSD , both in 1993 .
In May , 1996 ( after the January 1994 legal settlement ) , OpenBSD emerged as an offshoot from NetBSD .
Nov. 2004 addendum : I do not in general update this essay beyond attempting to fix errors as of its original publication date , but for completeness 's sake will mention that , in July 2003 , longtime FreeBSD core committer Matthew Dillon and others forked off Dragon Fly BSD based on the FreeBSD 4.x architecture , because of serious dissatisfaction with FreeBSD 5.x .
A complete roster of open - source BSD forks must also include Apple Darwin , for a total of five surviving forks .
Darwin is the core of Apple Macintosh OS X , and comprises NeXT , Inc.'s old NeXTStep / Openstep code built around NeXT 's xnu kernel , updated and retrofitted with an emulator for legacy MacOS code .
The " stress of the lawsuit " ( my phrase ) was clearly a leading force behind this overall chain of events .
Those ( on Slashdot ) who interpreted that phrase as meaning that the lawsuit directly and unambiguously caused each step in it drastically over - interpreted my wording , to an extent I would have scarce thought possible previously .
[ 17 ]
As footnoted elsewhere , DEC Ultrix was also among these .
Some commentators interpreted this passage as claiming that the AT&T lawsuit likewise caused all of the proprietary forks , all at the same time and simultaneously with the free - software forks .
Unfortunately for this odd interpretation , I nowhere said , and certainly did not mean , any part of that .
Moreover , there seems to be a persistent misapprehension that I had implied some time - line for the history of the Unix operating system , hidden in that paragraph , since a number of commentators remarked on the time - line 's ( supposed ) inaccuracy .
I checked ; there 's no time - line .
And I can state from personal knowledge that it 's not missing on account of my forgetting it .
If you think that comment ( just preceding ) sounds ludicrous , you should have seen the Slashdot posts and e-mails that made it necessary .
Maybe they 're crazy , maybe I 'm crazy :
You decide .
[ 18 ]
Which was at first named BSD / 386 , not to be confused with the Jolitzes ' free - software / open - source 386BSD .
[ 19 ] I originally wrote " performance " , here , but then was admonished by early readers that the performance advantages of FreeBSD are an incidental effect of it being designed for stability .
So , I changed the wording -- and was then criticised for not mentioning FreeBSD 's performance .
Some days , you just can't win .
Suffice it to say that the world 's record for maximum 24 - hour performance for an ftp server is held by a FreeBSD box ( wcarchive.cdrom.com , at now - defunct Walnut Creek CD - ROM , Inc. ) : 1.39 terabytes of data served to the public in a single day by a single Pentium II box , on Sunday , May 23 , 1999 .
Each time this record has been broken , for years , it 's been by FreeBSD , and always breaking a record previously set by a FreeBSD box .
It should also be mentioned that FreeBSD is increasingly portable to non-Intel CPU architectures , notably DEC Alpha and ( more recently ) Power PC .
[ 20 ]
In fairness , it 's also relevant that the CERN HTTP daemon was for quite a while the only such software extant .
Its licensing history is more than a little fuzzy , since source archives are available at http://www.w3.org/Daemon/ only of the final v. 3.0A version ( July 23 , 1996 ) .
That version includes an MIT copyright / licence notice resembling the MIT /X Consortium licence , plus a requirement that any products based on the codebase credit CERN .
Those interested in researching the full licence history will probably find sufficient records within the CERN W3 Project 's historical archives at http://www.w3.org/History/.
[ 21 ]
Some correspondents have disputed this assertion , on the basis of their own fading recollection .
I was speaking on the basis of licence terms for the final version ( 1.5.2a , released 1995 ) I found at http://hoohoo.ncsa.uiuc.edu/docs/COPYRIGHT.html; they 're valid for " academic , research and internal business purposes only " .
Brian Behlendorf of the Apache Group corresponded with me in e-mail about the above - cited terms , and clarified : " That is not the license that was on NCSA [ httpd ] 1.3 .
That license said , ' This code is in the public domain , and give us credit ' . "
Upon examination of the source archives at ftp://ftp.ncsa.uiuc.edu/Web/httpd/Unix/ncsa_httpd/ , it appears that NCSA 's switch to proprietary licensing occurred between June 22 , 1995 's v. 1.4.2 and March 21 , 1996's v. 1.5 c , without any mention in the documentation .
Version 1.4.2 included the following statement in its README file , matching Behlendorf 's recollection : " This code is in the public domain .
Specifically , we give to the public domain all rights for future licensing of the source code , all resale rights , and all publishing rights .
We ask , but do not require , that the following message be included in all derived works : Portions developed at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS GIVES NO WARRANTY , EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED , FOR THE SOFTWARE AND / OR DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED , INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY AND WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE . "
[ 22 ]
No offence whatsoever is intended by this phrasing to various actual project leads including Richard Kenner ( for v. 2.5. x through 2.8.x ) and the GCC ( née EGCS ) Steering Committee ( for later versions ) .
As with ( almost ) all FSF projects , it is produced by volunteers under FSF imprimatur .
My initial account of the Pentium Compiler Group 's history was based on what had been posted on their now - vanished development Web site , and inadvertently annoyed some PCG participants from Intel by not citing their role concerning pgcc .
Some time in the year 2001 , the GCC acronym was retroactively re-construed to mean GNU Compiler Collection , recognising the addition of compilers for numerous other languages ( beyond C ) , including Java .
[ 23 ]
No offence whatsoever is intended by this term to project lead programmer Ulrich Drepper and other volunteers , who do all the work , with FSF giving their imprimatur to it .
[ 24 ]
Again , I mean this solely in the figurative sense of it being " Stallman 's " in the sense of him being the founder , head , and motive spirit of FSF , which is the sponsoring organisational umbrella for the GNU libc effort .
Ulrich Drepper and other volunteers should be credited for the actual coding and debugging work .
[ 25 ]
Richard Stallman sent me a much better and more - lucid explanation : " We wanted to merge in their changes , but the person who maintained that version did n't want to explain the changes , write change logs , or even sort out which changes had come from which authors so we could get legal papers .
But we considered support for GNU / Linux important , so the FSF hired a person to redo that work .
Then we came out with GNU libc 2.0 , which worked in GNU / Linux ' out of the box ' . "
For his part , Ulrich Drepper , the project lead , asserts that FSF paid someone only to work on glibc for the HURD kernel , and explicitly forbade that person to work on Linux support .
Drepper adds that FSF never to his knowledge supported the work on libc for Linux in the first place , and in fact actively pressured him to work on HURD support instead of Linux support .
[ 26 ]
An experienced Sybase programmer subsequently wrote to me with the following : " In case no one has yet clarified the case about the fork between Sybase and Microsoft 's SQL Server , SQL [ Server ] 7 is indeed a complete rewrite from the ground up .
Microsoft finally outgrew the Sybase code ( which considering its age held up pretty well IMO ) .
All versions before that ( including 6.5 - probably still installed at more places than it should be ) are merely the forked versions of Sybase . "
[ 27 ]
In fact , an example of just that has already existed for quite some time , in the Embedded Linux Kernel Subset ( ELKS ) project ( http://www.elks.ecs.soton.ac.uk/), a highly modified Linux variant that runs on the original IBM Personal Computer PC , XT , and compatibles , e.g. , on antique 8086 - and 8088 - class machines that , lacking memory - protection , cannot run real , full - fledged Unix - like operating systems .
Also , in the medium term , Linux ports to some of the more difficult CPU architectures , including even the Power PC , are resynchronised rarely to Torvalds 's kernels , and might be seen as at least temporary forks .
Ditto Alan
Cox 's series of patches , which can be seen as a parallel development path to the main kernel series .
Last , Nick Moffitt has pointed out another ongoing cause of temporary forks , brought to his attention by his own GAR software - build / packaging system : the very act of packaging software for a particular OS or distribution .
Inevitably , non-portable changes must be made to some packages to make them install and function on various distributions and OS platforms .
Copyright ( C ) 1999 - 2007 , Rick Moen .
Verbatim copying and redistribution of this entire article are permitted in any medium provided this notice is preserved .
Last modified : June 19 , 2007
( Note : Please do n't request additions / corrections beyond making the piece correct a /o my original 14 Nov 1999 publication date .
This essay is not a newspaper . )
https://www.lewrockwell.com/2020/03/ron-paul/central-banking-is-socialism/
And like all socialism , highly destructive .
Article by Ron Paul .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Low - cost airline easyJet EZJ.L has unveiled its vision of a shorthaul aircraft that it hopes will generate 50 percent less CO2 than its current planes and can be delivered by 2015 .
Chief Executive Andy Harrison of easyJet poses with the model of the easyJet ecoJet at a news conference in London , June 14 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Luke MacGregor
The narrow - bodied plane would have two open rotor engines above a wide tail fin , with a lightweight body constructed of carbon composites .
“ This is not Star Trek technology , ” easyJet Chief Executive Andy Harrison told reporters on Thursday .
“ This is technology that is well within our reach .
We are talking to Boeing and Airbus .
We are working with manufacturers to get this aircraft delivered in 2015 . ”
“ We are currently spending 4 billion pounds on aircraft -- they are listening to us , ” he added .
His remarks came as the head of European plane maker Airbus EAD .
PA separately proposed a top - level gathering of aerospace groups , including its U.S rival , Boeing Co. BA.N , to step up efforts to cut air travel pollution .
EasyJet ’s plans would put the airline five years ahead of CO2 cuts targeted by aviation body ACARE of 50 percent by 2020 , although it plans to more than double its fleet size by then .
Easyjet said 25 percent of CO2 emissions would be cut by using open rotor engines , which must be placed above the tail due to their size , while 15 percent would be cut by using the lighter airframe and 10 percent by air traffic control improvements .
“ We do n’t see biofuels as being the big step forward , ” Harrison said .
“ This ( design ) is the big step forward , and it ’s at our fingertips . ”
The aircraft design would also cut noise by 25 percent and damaging nitrogen oxide ( NOx ) emissions by 75 percent .
Harrison said he thought Airbus was capable of building EasyJet ’s vision by 2015 despite the time Airbus has taken in developing its new A350 aircraft .
“ Boeing is ahead with the production routes , but Airbus has got the capability , ” he told Reuters .
“ What we ’re saying is -- make sure you ’re ahead in the battle for the short haul narrow body aircraft . ”
Part of the alumni frustration stemmed from how the decision came about , which seemed to many a repudiation of Antioch ’s tradition of weekly “ community government ” meetings where students , faculty members and administration officials discuss a range of issues .
As Richard Daily , class of ’ 68 , a lawyer and alumni board member , said in an interview , “ Antioch is one of those institutions where nothing happens by diktat — except its closure . ”
Image Steven Lawry , president of Antioch , said in an interview that it had in recent years bred political narrowness and a culture of resentment .
Credit ... Mark Lyons for The New York Times
True to their training in community organizing , alumni created a breakaway fund to raise money for Antioch College , which university officials are hoping to reinvent and reopen in 2012 .
Aiming to raise $ 40 million in two years , the alumni board plans to leverage the money to guarantee them a voice in shaping Antioch ’s future , Mr. Daily said .
“ The Antioch Emancipation Fund , ” as Cary Nelson , class of ’ 67 , president of the American Association of University Professors , described it .
The faculty , too , is threatening legal action to stop the closing .
In its heyday in the 1960s , Antioch was a center of hippie culture on campus , with more than 2,000 students enrolled .
“ Antioch was always at the head , with the beatniks , the antiwar movement , civil rights , ” said Barrie Grenell , who attended in the 1960s .
“ And now we ’re in the forefront of disintegrating colleges . ”
In its glory days , it attracted students who wanted to change the world , through war protests or work in communities .
But Steven Lawry , Antioch ’s president , said in an interview that more recently , the college became a magnet for students who felt marginalized , and so bred a political narrowness and culture of resentment .
By way of example , he cited students getting “ called out ” for wearing Nikes , seen as an emblem of globalization .
“ It became less about intellectual rigor , than a political and social experience , ” he said .
“ The boot camp of the revolution became the model . ”
“ We were offering , ” he added , “ a political re-education ” instead of a liberal education .
And that model , he added , is sharply at odds with what most students are looking for these days .
He said there had also been huge failures in management going back decades , like not seeking bequests from alumni .
But he added that the college had also deteriorated and lacked clarity about its strengths .
And it lacked its own board of trustees , instead reporting to a board that covers the college and five satellite campuses in four states for graduate and continuing education students .
A new mineral whose composition almost exactly matches that of Superman - felling kryptonite has been unearthed in Serbia by mining company Rio Tinto .
The mineral was identified by researchers at the Natural History Museum , and Canada 's National Research Council .
Mike Rumsey , mineral curator at the Natural History Museum , explains that when the team had worked out the structure of the mineral , sodium lithium boron silicate hydroxide , they typed it into Google to see whether anyone had classified it already .
The first link returned by the search engine was to a Wikipedia entry on kryptonite , specifically a label on a box of kryptonite in the movie Superman Returns .
He says it was very exciting because very few new minerals are discovered - between 30 and 40 every year .
However , because the mineral is actually nothing to do with Krypton , it can't be called kryptonite .
International nomenclature rules are strict , and the substance will officially be called Jadarite .
As well as missing out on its showbiz name , the mineral is not a radioactive green crystal , but a rather ordinary looking white powdery substance .
As for kryptonite 's potentially superhero slaying powers , Rumsey is not worried : " It probably wo n't do superman , or us , any harm whatsoever , " he said . ®
Michael Reagan : ' Let the military go do what it does best , kill people and break things ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday June 1 , 2007 Print This Email This On Thursday , MSNBC 's Scarborough Country discussed the rapid increase in US military casualties in Iraq and the latest Gallup Poll , which shows 54 % of Americans wanting to get out of Iraq and only 25 % saying to stay the course .
In light of these facts , Joe Scarborough asked conservative commentator Michael Reagan , " What can a president do but abandon a bloody and unpopular war ? "
" Shut off the television sets , " Reagan responded .
" I mean , when was the last time you heard a body count on the other side ? ...
All you hear about is the body count of Americans , not the job that they are doing . "
He continued , " If I was there with the president of the United States , know what I 'd tell him ?
I 'd tell him shut off the press , let the military go do what it does best , kill people and break things .
...
Give them some positive news about what these soldiers are doing that are fighting .
Yes , they are dying , but they are doing such a fabulous job ... "
Moving on to elaborate on the negative consequences of the US pulling out of Iraq , Reagan said , " I would n't blame Japan or Taiwan to go nuclear , because no longer will anybody in the world be able to trust the United States of America . "
If Iraq is returned to the Iraqis , he insisted , one or two million people will die and " they 'll find another reason to hate America . "
The following video is from MSNBC's Scarborough Country .
Two nights ago I got upset about something and did one of the two curious things I tend to do when I get “ hacked off ” and want to vent : I wrote a letter to the editor of my local newspaper ( in my case the Herald Sun Newspaper ) .
The other thing I do — usually when I ’m in the car — is call a talk - radio station .
The latter is not always satisfying because you can wait 15 minutes on hold , only to find at the end of it all that they run out of time and you do n’t get on .
Anyway , back to my letter to the editor …
It got published !
This certainly does n’t happen every time , but it does , regularly enough .
I do n’t hammer them repeatedly on a particular topic , so it ’s not like they see my letters coming , know who I am , and what angle my letters will take .
Conservatively , I write a letter once every six months or so … not a really big deal .
But here ’s what I ’ve discovered after a couple or more months of fairly focussed blogging : the skills required to craft the kind of letter that will get the attention of a newspaper letters editor , and the knack for crafting just the right turn of phrase ; for humour , wit , irony — or whatever other device — is precisely the same skill you need to perfect in blogging .
Do n’t Underestimate the Importance of Writing Well
Dear fellow blogger , I beg you not to underestimate the importance of good written expression .
I personally do not think good blog writing is the same as good journalistic writing ( although granted , it can vary from blog to blog ) .
I rather see skilled blog writing as a kind of middle road between uncomplicated stream - of - consciousness , conversational - style writing on the one hand , and the more evolved , colourful and even poetic style of a magazine feature writer , on the other .
I do n’t know if that makes sense to you or not .
Let me keep trying to unpack this a little further …
My thesis on blog writing is that you ca n’t just expect either the newsworthiness or the intrinsic “ value ” of the content you ’re blogging about to keep your readers coming back .
They also want you to hold their attention , spark their imagination , and delight their literary sensibilities .
Now , that may sound like a tall order , but that ’s the challenge I put to you .
Do n’t shy away from it .
Aim for excellence .
So what does good written expression look like ?
Well , I started this post by suggesting it ’s whatever it takes to impress a newspaper letters editor enough to publish your letter .
He / she ’s looking for a mysterious combination of timeliness and newsworthiness of subject - matter , “ colour ” , clarity of expression , punchy and emotive tone , and brevity … in the end they want to see qualities that make your letter a stand - out alongside the dozen others that are ostensibly written about the same thing .
It worked for me today .
Here ’s what I wrote :
Film director James Cameron has a thing for shipwrecks .
First it was his epic film ‘ Titanic ’ and now a TV documentary ( and book ) based on a story that was well and truly sunk about twenty years ago : the unearthing of the alleged burial site of Jesus Christ .
I have no doubt Cameron will make some quick dollars out of his latest project , but his credibility and integrity will have sprung major leaks .
Putting his name alongside such dodgy pseudo - science and iconoclastic sensationalism was not a smart move .
Clearly , Cameron picked the wrong partner - in - crime in Simcha Jacobovici , the documentary ’s producer , who is far better at sniffing a juicy story than scientifically rigorous and responsible archeology .
Joe Zias , former curator for anthropology and archeology at the Rockefeller Museum in Jerusalem is blunt : “ Simcha has no credibility whatsoever .
He ’s pimping off the Bible â€ ¦
He got this guy Cameron , who made ‘ Titanic ’ or something like that – what does this guy know about archeology ?
I am an archeologist , but if I were to write a book about brain surgery , you would say , ‘ Who is this guy ? ’
People want signs and wonders .
Projects like these make a mockery of the archeological profession . ”
All this notwithstanding , I ’m sure it wo n’t be long before we ’re seeing this anti-Christian documentary in Australia … on SBS , of course .
Can I say , straight up , that I laboured over this .
I sweat bullets over every letter to the editor that I write .
Why ?
Well , I want to get it just right !
I do n’t want to just write in grammatically correct English , I want to paint a vivid picture , evoke a precise emotional response , peppered with humour , with no more words than necessary to do the job .
Heck , I want my letter to stand out for the quality of the prose , so that if the editor is ho -hum about the subject matter or my approach to the issue , I ’ll still get published thanks to something impressive enough in the copy .
In this particular piece there are a few things going on :
I pick a newsworthy subject that I suspect few other letters will address ( i.e. few similarly - focussed letters for the editor to compare mine to ) .
I start with a short sharp statement that is playing on the meaning of “ shipwreck ” .
It ’s punchy and it ’s a little “ smart ” .
I repeat the sinking / water theme in a funny way a few times throughout the letter .
That ’s funny and a great choice of word - play , given the subject - matter .
I use some carefully chosen words that carry a lot of meaning , and are very evocative ( i.e. “ iconoclastic sensationalism ” ) .
I fuel the fire of controversy by implicitly accusing SBS ( a government TV station ) of broadcasting anti-Christian content regularly .
It ’s true , by the way !
I keep the letter to four paragraphs , knowing that paragraph three can go if they do n’t have the space .
( Indeed , they cut that out for publishing today ) .
But I make sure that it all still hangs together without that paragraph ( I ’m thinking for the subeditor , see ) .
I write with enough polemic / accusatory tone that it almost demands a polarizing response from the readers – for or against my stance .
I spell - check , read , reread , rephrase , eliminate redundancies , reorder , until I am satisfied it ’s shaped just right .
So — no joking here —
I ’d like to challenge you to join me in my fun game ( that ’s what it mostly is for me ) of trying to get published on a vaguely regular basis in a major metro newspaper somewhere near you .
Without exaggeration , I ’d say that if you can get published even just occasionally , you ’ve every reason to conclude you ’re a more - than - decent writer .
George Orwell ’s Rules for Clear and Simple Writing
Writing a letter to the editor forces you to focus your writing skills , and to do a lot of the things that make for good writing , generally .
Which , according to George Orwell , is based around the following very sensible rules :
Never use a metaphor , simile , or other figure of speech which you are used to seeing in print .
Never use a long word where a short one will do .
If it is possible to cut a word out , always cut it out .
Never use the passive where you can use the active .
Never use a foreign phrase , a scientific word , or a jargon word if you can think of an everyday English equivalent .
Break any of these rules sooner than say anything outright barbarous .
( Aside : Jeremy Zawodny and I obviously have fairly similar views on how sloppily many press releases are written .
He says , “ If you ’re bored , take a random press release and try running it thru the filter of rules # 2 , # 3 , and # 4 .
I suspect you ’ll end up with something far shorter , more clear , and just as informative . ” I totally agree . )
Confronting the Brutal Facts
I come from a family of polyglot language junkies who are all born communicators , so I feel like I have an unfair advantage .
So please do not read arrogance or juvenile sillyness in what I say next .
I just want to be transparently honest and clear …
Some of you are way smarter , way more energetic and way more impressive than I am likely to ever be , but you shoot yourselves in the foot with sub- standard written communication skills .
And I read your blogs and I feel upset and annoyed for you , because I want you to have the attention from your readership that you richly deserve .
But you ’re going to have to learn to write better .
You need to spend some time in your reader ’s “ moccasins ” to see what demands a first - time read of your content places on your average reader .
Speaking for myself , I get really frustrated when I know you have an important point to make , yet after repeated re-readings of your post or paragraph , I still do n’t get it !
Good Writers Are Good Readers
Is it going to be hell for you to learn to write better ?
Not if you read good writers !
And that ’s probably the key to good writing : good reading .
You have to learn the stuff from somewhere , right ?!
And good writing does n’t mean just anything , because a lot of modern prose is pretty ordinary .
To conclude here ’s a free takeaway for you – one of my all - time favourite writers .
This woman is an absolute jewel and I read her / listen to her for both her compelling argumentation and the sheer beauty of her language .
She is Arundhati Roy .
Here are a few paragraphs from “ Come September “ , a piece Roy wrote in 2002 , reflecting on American aspirations to Empire .
( Apologies for the unavoidably political slant to this , but perhaps we can agree to ignore that for now , so we do n’t miss my point ! )
Recently , those who have criticized the actions of the U.S. government ( myself included ) have been called “ anti-American . ”
Anti-Americanism is in the process of being consecrated into an ideology .
The term “ anti-American ” is usually used by the American establishment to discredit and , not falsely – but shall we say inaccurately – define its critics .
Once someone is branded anti-American , the chances are that he or she will be judged before they are heard , and the argument will be lost in the welter of bruised national pride .
But what does the term “ anti-American ” mean ?
Does it mean you are anti-jazz ?
Or that you ’re opposed to freedom of speech ?
That you do n’t delight in Toni Morrison or John Updike ?
That you have a quarrel with giant sequoias ?
Does it mean that you do n’t admire the hundreds of thousands of American citizens who marched against nuclear weapons , or the thousands of war resisters who forced their government to withdraw from Vietnam ?
Does it mean that you hate all Americans ?
This sly conflation of America ’s culture , music , literature , the breathtaking physical beauty of the land , the ordinary pleasures of ordinary people with criticism of the U.S. government ’s foreign policy ( about which , thanks to America ’s “ free press ” , sadly most Americans know very little ) is a deliberate and extremely effective strategy .
It ’s like a retreating army taking cover in a heavily populated city , hoping that the prospect of hitting civilian targets will deter enemy fire .
But there are many Americans who would be mortified to be associated with their government ’s policies .
The most scholarly , scathing , incisive , hilarious critiques of the hypocrisy and the contradictions in U.S. government policy come from American citizens .
When the rest of the world wants to know what the U.S. government is up to , we turn to Noam Chomsky , Edward Said , Howard Zinn , Ed Herman , Amy Goodman , Michael Albert , Chalmers Johnson , William Blum and Anthony Amove to tell us what ’s really going on .
[ Applause ]
Similarly , in India , not hundreds , but millions of us would be ashamed and offended if we were in any way implicated with the present Indian government ’s fascist policies which , apart from the perpetration of State terrorism in the valley of Kashmir ( in the name of fighting terrorism ) , have also turned a blind eye to the recent state - supervised progrom against Muslims in Gujarat .
It would be absurd to think that those who criticize the Indian government are “ anti- Indian ” – although the government itself never hesitates to take that line .
It is dangerous to cede to the Indian government or the American government or anyone for that matter , the right to define what “ India ” or “ America ” are or ought to be .
To call someone “ anti-American ” , indeed to be anti-American , ( or for that matter , anti-Indian or anti-Timbuktuan ) is not just racist , it ’s a failure of the imagination .
An inability to see the world in terms other than those the establishment has set out for you .
If you ’re not a Bushie you ’re a Taliban .
If you do n’t love us , you hate us .
If you ’re not Good , you ’re Evil .
If you ’re not with us , you ’re with the terrorists .
If your politics are mortally offended by Roy you may not be able to cope with reading her essay in full , or ( as I would suggest for full impact ) watching her read the essay as a speech .
If you can handle it , however , I invite you to take the 45 minutes or so to watch her .
She uses beautiful writing as a weapon of mass destruction and it ’s a delight to watch !
Whether or not you “ get off ” on Roy , how about trying to get a letter published in your local paper ?
( And when you do , come back here and let us know ! )
Go on… it ’s addictive 🙂
arundhati roy , good writing , communication , expression , writing , blogging , blog , alister cameron , blog writing , writing skills , george orwell
Follow @alicam
Conyers Closes in on Karl and his Rove- bots …
Special to The BRAD BLOG
June 17 , 2007
( Listen to the podcast of this article here )
Boo -hoo !
I made Tim Griffin cry .
He cried .
Then he lied .
You remember Tim .
Karl Rove 's right hand ( right claw ? ) man .
The GOP 's ragin ' cagin ' man .
Griffin is the Rove - bot exposed by our BBC Newsnight investigations team as the man who gathered and sent out the infamous ‘ caging ' lists to Republican state chairmen during the 2004 election .
Caging lists , BBC discovered , were used secretly as a basis to challenge the right to vote of thousands of citizens – including the homeless , students and soldiers sent overseas .
The day after BBC broadcast that the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee , John Conyers , sought our evidence on Griffin , Tim resigned his post as US Attorney for Arkansas .
That job was a little gift from Karl Rove who made room for his man Griffin by demanding the firing of US prosecutor Bud Cummins .
Last week , our cameras captured Griffin , all teary - eyed , in his humiliating kiss - off speech delivered in Little Rock at the University of Arkansas Bill Clinton School for Public Service where he moaned that , “ public service is n't worth it . ”
True .
In the old Jim Crow days in Arkansas , you could get yourself elected by blocking African - Americans .
( The voters his caging game targeted are – quelle surprise !
– disproportionately Black citizens . )
But today , Griffin can't even get an unemployment check .
When he resigned two weeks ago following our broadcast , the cover story was that the voter persecutor - turned - prosecutor had resigned to work for Presidential wannabe Fred Thompson .
But when Thompson 's staff was asked by a reporter why they would hire the ‘ cagin ' man , ' suddenly , the ‘ Law and Order ' star decided associating with Griffin might take the shine off Thompson 's badge , even if it is from the props department .
Griffin , instead of saying that public service “ is n't worth it , ” should have said , “ Crime does n't pay . ”
Because , according to experts such as law professor Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , ‘ caging , ' when used to target Black voters ' rights , is a go - to - prison crime .
By resigning , Tim may not avoid the hard questions about caging – or the hard time that might result .
When I passed the first set of documents to Conyers ( a real film noir moment , in a New York hotel room near midnight ) , the soft - spoken Congressman said that , resignation or not , “ We are n't done with Mr. Griffin yet … ”
Tears Not Truth
Back in Little Rock , when asked about caging , Rove 's guy linked a few fibs to a few whoppers to some malefactious mendacity .
That is , he lied .
“ I did n't cage votes .
I did n't cage mail , ” Griffin asserted .
At the risk of making you cry again , Tim , may I point you to an email dated August 26 , 2004 .
It says , “ Subject : Re : Caging . ”
And it says , “ From : Tim Griffin – Research / Communications ” with the email tgriffin@rnchq.org .
RNCHQ is the Republican National Committee Headquarters , is it not , Mr. Griffin ?
Now do you remember caging mail ?
If that does n't ring a bell , please note that at the bottom is this : “ ATTACHMENT : Caging - 1.xls ” .
And that attachment was a list of voters .
In last week 's pathetic farewell , Mr. Griffin averred that the accusation he was involved in caging voters , “ Goes back to one guy – whose name I wo n't mention . ” ( FYI , Mr. Griffin :
My mother calls me , “ Gregory . ” )
Yes , I first reported the story for BBC London – back in 2004 which , as Griffin correctly noted , it was ignored by my US press colleagues until , as Tim put it , “ I became embroiled in the US Attorney thing . ”
By ‘ the US Attorney thing , ' I assume you are referring to your involvement in firing and smearing honest prosecutors and grabbing one of their salaries for yourself .
You say , Mr. Griffin , that the unmentionable reporter , “ Made [ it ] up out of whole cloth . ”
You flatter me , Mr. Griffin .
We could not possibly be so creative at The Beeb as to construct the thousands of names of voters on your caging lists .
And by the way , we do n’t have just one of your “ caging ” emails , but scores of them .
I want to take this opportunity to thank you for sending them to us – even if that was not your intent .
You copied your caging missives to ‘ bdoster@georgewbush.org . '
Mr. Doster was Chairman of the Florida Bush campaign – but that address was not his but John Wooden 's pretending to be the Bush campaigners .
Wooden then sent your notes to me .
Rove in Range
By the way , Mr. Griffin , if you want an explanation of ‘ caging voters , ' just read an email dated February 5 , 2007 by …Tim Griffin .
In that email , Griffin references the Bush campaigns mailing out thousands of letters .
The letters returned ( ‘ caged ' ) as undeliverable were used as the GOP 's supposed evidence that these were “ thousands of fraudulent voter registrations . ”
These voters were subject to challenge .
However , these caging lists of “ fraudulent ” addresses , like the 2000 “ felon ” lists which in fact contained no felons , contained no fraudulent voters .
But that would n't necessarily save them from the massively successful Republican voter - challenge campaign .
During the appearance he made in Arkansas last week , Griffin said he'd never heard of ‘ caging . '
“ I had to look it up , ” he said .
Griffin discovered that “ caging ” is “ a direct mail term . ”
I do n't doubt Griffin 's ignorance .
Griffin's just a good ol ' boy , a former military lawyer , who would n't know direct mail terminology from a hole in the ground .
Until he went to work for the RNC .
So where did Tim get this direct mail term he used in his emails ?
Well , before Karl Rove signed on with George W. Bush , he owned Karl Rove & Co …. a direct mail firm .
Rove made millions making up lists of voters , doing more ‘ caging ' than a zoo - keeper .
Am I saying caging - expert Rove had something to do with the allegedly illegal caging games of his boy Griffin ?
Does a bear …?
Mr. Griffin would n't answer BBC 's requests for comment .
So I suggested to an Arkansas local , Luther Lowe , a former army reservist and himself a victim of a challenge to his vote , that at the Little Rock send - off for Griffin , he ask the fallen US Attorney about Rove 's involvement in caging .
Lowe did so , politely .
Griffin wove , ducked , blathered and blubbered .
But would n't answer .
Maybe a subpoena would encourage a Griffin response .
And a grant of immunity from the Conyers committee .
That 's Rove 's nightmare .
Because unless Griffin joins Alberto Gonzales in Club Amnesia , Griffin has a lot to tell us about Mr. Rove and targeting Black voters .
Will he ?
It 's not Conyers ' style to hunt down Rove .
The congressman is not , despite what Republicans say , a partisan hit man .
He is , however , one tenacious legislator who told me he would like his committee , “ to follow where the evidence leads . ”
But that 's not necessarily going to happen .
Conyers told me he sees the evidence in the prosecutor firing investigation leading to the much bigger , nastier issue of voter suppression – in simpler terms , fixing elections .
Unfortunately , many on his committee from both parties see the hearings as limited to the single issue of the firing of prosecutors .
They want to scrutinize the elephant 's trunk but refuse to acknowledge it 's attached to an elephant : election rigging .
Racially poisoned , direct - mail driven , computer implemented election rigging .
But Conyers may get there yet , to the issue of elections manipulation .
I did n't get that from the Chairman ( too circumspect to let his future intentions slip out ) .
I got it from the Big Bubba .
When I ran into Ol ' Silver Eyes himself at an Air America soirÃ©e , Bill Clinton ( man , he 's gotten thin ! ) told me , “ When we really get going on these prosecutor hearings , when we really dig deep , we 're going to get right to the issue of voter suppression . ”
But what do you mean “ we , ” Bill ?
Conyers is dean of the Congressional Black Caucus , which has an abiding concern and painful experience with illegal vote suppression of all types : caging , purging , challenging , lynching .
But whether Conyers can convince his committee , mostly members of the Congressional White Caucus , to “ dig deep ” on vote suppression , is an open question .
In the meantime , Conyers has convinced his committee to drop subpoenas on Harriett Miers ( the lady tight with Griffin , Rove and , notably , George W. Bush ) and Sara Taylor , Rove 's Gal Friday .
Conyers , methodically , determinedly , is circling in on Rove , “ Bush 's Brain , ” a man known to surrender the corpses of his allies in place of his own ( eh , Mr. Libby ? ) .
No wonder Griffin 's in tears .
So here 's a hanky , Mr. Griffin .
This unnamable reporter would rather you save your tears for Randall Prausa .
He ended up on one of your caging lists , what you term a suspected ‘ fraudulent ' voter subject to GOP challenge because he was not home to get his fraudulent , ‘ Welcome , voter , ' letter from the GOP .
Can you guess , Mr. Griffin , why Prausa was n't at home ?
Well , unlike Messrs .
Rove and Bush , Prausa was serving his country overseas .
And that 's what caging is all about .
If you 're black , homeless or shipped to Baghdad you lose your vote .
Mission Accomplished , Mr. Griffin. Mission Accomplished , Mr. Rove .
===
The confidential Griffin e-mail , “ Subject : Re : Caging , ” is reproduced in Greg Palast 's New York Times bestseller , ARMED MADHOUSE : Sordid Secrets and Strange Tales of a White House Gone Wild .
Available at www.GregPalast.com
Also : Catch the film of Randi Rhodes and Greg Palast on “ Bush 's and Giuliani 's favorite vultures , ” the men with connections to the Bush Administration who have siphoned off the money meant for Africa 's poorest .
Video online here .
The following is a first draft of a new " High Speed Passenger Rail Act " , based on Act V - " The Passenger Rail Restoration Act " of Energize America version 5 .
The first portion consists of background information on the energy benefits and previous legislation , and the second is the actual proposed act .
Your comments will help make this a more solid proposal that could make a real difference to the future of this nation !
Energize America ( as recently introduced to the Oil Drum ) has been working on draft legislation to help America reach energy security in the face of peak oil and our over - dependence on the Middle East , and to address concerns about global warming through efficiency and energy alternative measures .
This week saw the delivery of several legislative proposals to Congress .
Among the commentary and responses there has been one issue that stood out to me : increasing support for rail , both passenger and freight .
Energy Implications
Passenger air travel in the US in 2005 got about 45 passenger - miles per gallon of fuel , emitting 140 million tons of CO2 in total ( 1 ) .
Passenger cars on highways traveled over 1.5 trillion miles with an average of 1.59 occupants , at about 44 passenger - mpg , emitting about 750 million tons of CO2 .
Both air and automobile are heavily dependent on liquid fuels whose future supply is uncertain .
Successful high - speed rail systems , implemented in Japan and Europe , particularly the French TGV system , run on electricity with an efficiency equivalent to 300 to 500 passenger - mpg .
And electric power is the easiest form to generate from new energy sources such as wind and solar energy .
High - passenger - load high - speed rail would dramatically reduce the impact of the passenger transportation sector on energy consumption and CO2 emissions .
Current US Passenger Rail Status
Mention passenger rail in the US and people think first of Amtrak and its perpetual funding crisis .
Amtrak ’s total ridership of 25 million per year is dwarfed by the 658 million for air travel and the billions for cars .
But commuter rail is widely successful across the country , and “ light ” inter-city passenger rail has been making a comeback in recent years thanks to state funding to help offset pollution and congestion , for a combined total of 750 million annual trips in 2003 ( 2 ) .
Americans are at least as willing to travel by train as by airplane .
The problems with Amtrak are simple to state : unreliability , coupled with high cost and low speed .
On some routes , 96 % of Amtrak trains arrive late ( 3 ) .
On all but a very few routes , taking the train takes longer than traveling by car because the trains are limited to 79 mph .
Yet the cost can be comparable to or even higher than plane fare .
Train travel has one advantage over road or air : it ’s much easier for business travelers to work on the way .
But that does n’t help if they arrive at their meetings hours late .
States , seeing the importance for local development and pollution - prevention , have taken matters into their own hands and funded significant upgrades for inter-city passenger rail service in Washington state , California , Illinois and Pennsylvania , and other states appear eager to join ( 3 ) .
But even the fastest “ high speed ” trains on US railroads rarely go much above 100 mph .
By comparison , the French TGV reaches 200 mph in commercial service and over 300 mph in tests , thanks to dedicated passenger - only high - speed track .
A successful US program needs to match or exceed the French example with average inter-city travel speeds of at least 150 mph , to provide any significant competition to automobile or air travel .
This will require a significant capital investment in high speed rail on the order of tens of billions of dollars over a period of a decade or more .
The interstate highway system provides a useful model , with its 80/20 % federal / state funding approach , though with rail travel the passenger rail operators would constitute a third partner that should have some equity investment in the project .
Current Legislation and Activity
The US Department of Transportation includes the Federal Railroad Administration which for 2006 had a $ 1.5 billion budget , about $ 1 billion of which was for Amtrak support , with roughly half for infrastructure improvements and half to subsidize operating losses .
The Bush administration budget proposals for 2007 and 2008 included significant decreases in the FRA budget , to just over $ 1 billion in 2008 , but also included $ 100 million outside of Amtrak to support state - initiated projects for rail improvements .
The FRA in a 1997 report highlighted 12 potential high - speed rail corridors around the country that could be developed at a cost of $ 50 - 75 billion over 20 years ( 4 ) .
To fully fund those corridors with the highway administration ’s 80/20 funding level means a federal contribution of up to $ 3 billion / year , at least 5 times what the administration proposes in the near term .
Senate bill S.294 , the “ Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2007 ” appears to have an important proposal in Title III , on competitive funding for inter-city rail ( Title II covers Amtrak ) .
Previous US Legislation
2005 Safe Accountable Flexible Efficient Transportation Equity Act - A Legacy for Users ( SAFETEA-LU )
1998 Transporation Equity Act for the 21st Century ( TEA - 21 )
1994 Swift Rail Development Act
1991 Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act
1980 Passenger Railroad Rebuilding Act
1976 Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act
1973 Amtrak Improvement Act
1970 Rail Passenger Service Act
1965 High Speed Ground Transportation Act
References : ( 1 ) Numbers on fuel use and passenger miles from the Bureau of Transportation Statistics : www.bts.gov
(2) Bureau of Transportation Statistics Annual Report , 2005 : http://www.bts.gov/publications/transportation_statistics_annual_report/2005/html/chapter_02/figure_06_04.html
(3) “ Revving up the Rails ” , by Josh Goodman , Governing Magazine , March 2007 - http://www.governing.com/archive/2007/mar/trains.txt
(4) Department of Transportation Report to Congress , 1997 : http://www.fra.dot.gov/us/content/515
The High Speed Passenger Rail Act - Draft Text
Next Generation Transportation
Objective
To enable a transition from energy intensive medium - distance air and road transport of passengers to cost - effective , reliable , and safe rail transportation through creation of dedicated high - speed intercity passenger rail services .
Description
The High Speed Passenger Rail Act ( HSPRA ) of 2007 will provide up to $ 3 billion per year in federal matching funds under a 60 / 40 rule to build rail infrastructure improvements necessary to develop high - volume high - speed passenger rail services between major American cities .
Both tourism and commerce rely on rapid , dependable transport between cities .
This has increasingly been handled by air travel , but the dual pressures of increased security and rising fuel prices have made air travel both more cumbersome and more expensive .
High - speed passenger rail is more fuel efficient , quicker and more environmentally responsible than regional air travel , and can serve a key role in a low - emissions future .
European experience shows that high - speed trains are more convenient , faster and profitable on high - density or metro - to - metro lines , and can offer a compelling alternative to air travel on trips up to 500 miles , taking 90 % of airline traffic for point - to - point trips of less than 2 hours ( 300 miles at 150 mph ) , and 50 % of airline traffic for trips lasting 3 hours ( 500 miles ) .
American passenger rail service could rebound if a single modification were made - increased speed on dedicated infrastructure .
The High Speed Passenger Rail
Act proposes a federal - state - private partnership to build , equip and operate new high - speed electric rail lines using existing technology .
The Department of Transportation would consider joint proposals from states and private operators or Amtrak , with the federal government to provide 60 % of capital investment .
These proposals would be judged and funded under the following metrics and preferred criteria :
1. Average inter-city speeds : at least 150 mph .
2 . Time to high - volume operation : 3 years or less
3. Likely annual ridership
4. Level of CO2 emissions reductions and other environmental benefits
5. Reliability and safety of operations
Additionally , under this Act the Secretary of Transportation will annually prepare and submit to Congress an analysis of high - speed inter-city passenger rail showing current values and trends for these and other relevant metrics .
Benefits
The HSPRA will 1 . begin to significantly reduce energy consumption and CO2 emissions in the transportation sector by replacing energy - intensive passenger air and road travel
2. create new jobs through increased economic activity ,
3. increase the resilience of US inter -city travel by providing a high - volume alternative to road and air travel ,
4. leverage state and private funds in the transportation sector
5. establish and measure success in implementing high - speed rail .
Investment
The Federal Government will invest up to $ 3 billion per year in a 60/ 40 split with state and private partners on capital investments in high speed electric rail systems .
Key Messages
1. passenger rail transport can consume one tenth the energy of air and road travel , per passenger mile
2. the key barrier to development of high speed passenger rail service in the US has been lack of suitable track and unreliability of existing service due to conflicts with freight rail transport .
3. Americans already travel by commuter rail in large numbers .
High speed inter-city rail is profitable in Europe and Japan ; it can work here too .
Note : Energize America volunteers will read this thread and pick up ideas and suggestions , with a view to integrating them into a new draft , which will be re-submitted again to your readership .
You can provide nitpicks , fully drafted alternatives , more numbers , other ideas , ...
All improvements are welcome - and indeed we are aware that they are needed .
If you are really motivated about this topic or any other , you 're welcome to join the editing teams .
Just email us .
Zimbabwe boasts one of the highest literacy rates in Africa thanks to a huge school - building programme after independence , 27 years ago this week .
The country 's school system was the envy of the region , but Zimbabwe 's economic collapse now threatens to ruin this legacy .
A recently retired junior school teacher tells the BBC News website anonymously about her career spanning four decades .
1960s : First job I am from a family of teachers .
My father was a junior school teacher , but in the 1950s he stopped teaching to look for better - paid work in Salisbury , which is now Harare .
He worked as a foreman at a construction company so he could pay for all eight of us children to go to school .
Children in the rural areas behaved much better than those in the urban areas
1960s
We lived on my father 's farm where we were the labourers .
We attended a Methodist Church school to begin with .
Afterwards I was at boarding school .
I did my teacher training at a mission school and my first job in 1965 was right out in the rural areas .
It was a rule that you had to take a posting in the rural areas before you could transfer to the cities .
To be honest , I have completely forgotten my first day .
I just know that I was n't scared at all .
I was free as anything then and I was enjoying my kids .
I did n't have to be strict , because children in the rural areas behaved much better than those in the urban areas .
They were not a problem at all .
Much more respect .
I remember that the accommodation was very poor - just simple houses built with daga [ clay ] and thatched with grass .
No running water .
During that time we taught about 30 children in a class - enrolment was very low there .
Most rural schools were run by missions and the children did n't pay school fees .
Our salaries were paid by the government .
After a year I transferred to a larger boarding school where I stayed until I got married and moved to a township near Salisbury .
1970s : Townships Working in the townships was easier - bread was available to you , sugar and everything - compared to the rural areas where you had to walk or travel by bus to a shopping centre to buy all those things - which was a bit hard .
I taught at a government school where about 40 to 45 pupils were enrolled in a class .
Most children came to school .
I taught white children for the first time
1980s
Their school fees were about nine cents per term , so 45 cents for the whole year - which was cheap at the time because the price of living was low generally .
I was happy teaching there ; the environment was good .
The liberation struggle did not directly affect schools in town .
We used to teach in English , although sometimes we'd mix English and Shona as there were some who did n't understand English very well .
All the text books were in English , even those for teaching Shona .
1980s : Independence Four years after independence in 1980 I transferred to what was called a Group A school in Harare .
More children started to come to school hungry after 2000 Group A schools had been only for white children ; Group B schools had been for black children .
My class was mixed and I taught white children for the first time .
They were good students except for Shona , which they tended to lose interest in .
Group
A schools had always been better funded and equipped , and their way of teaching was different too .
For instance , they used phonics and a lot of activities in lessons .
We did n't teach English phonetically , we used the look and say method .
Children also received milk in break times , although unlike the high density area pupils , they had to pay for it .
The milk scheme was stopped altogether in around 1990 .
The school classification actually remained in place for about another 10 years - with the Group A schools getting more money .
1990s : Bigger classes Class sizes began to grow in the 1990s : I think it was because people were moving to urban areas , building houses and so on .
Many of us only manage to pay our transport costs because our children overseas are giving us money
2000s
At one stage , there were so many children in our area that " hot - sitting " was tried - with morning and afternoon sessions .
However it did n't work out as teachers found it hard sharing classrooms and text books with their colleagues .
A teacher 's salary has always been low .
But in the 1990s a teacher could get by .
The 1980s were the best when a teacher could live well and pay credits - even during those first days we could survive as things were cheap .
2000s : Hunger
But life became really difficult on a teacher 's salary from 2000 .
Teachers went on strike recently and were given an increase , but many of us only manage to pay our transport costs because our children overseas are giving us money .
My standards did n't go down right up till the day I resigned
Hunger also became a very big problem with some children from struggling families coming to school with nothing to eat .
Uniforms , which were never very expensive , are also a problem now .
More and more people have come to settle in the high density areas , where the schools are very few .
Whether or not standards in education have fallen , I am not sure .
I can just measure by my class and my standard of teaching did n't go down right up till the day I resigned .
I was very , very particular that a child could only go into the next grade once he or she was able to read .
In my younger days it was very competitive among the teachers to see who could get good results .
Teachers today do n't seem very serious because you can just see them chatting to each other during teaching time ; sometimes they come in a bit late , they do n't even bother - to them it 's nothing .
And if you do n't have enough text books that is lowering the standards .
Will I miss teaching ?
No , after all this time I was very tired .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
One of the things I dislike about the default Squeak image , in every version , including the new 3.9 , is the Sesame Street looking windows .
They 're fat and ugly , even with the LookEnhancements package which can be loaded into 3.7 and above , and comes loaded by default in 3.9 .
This package goes a long way towards making Squeak look more professional , but it does n't go far enough , and keeps these nasty looking fat 4 pixel borders that make it look like something built for children ( which I guess , it is ) , but just looks old .
One of the things I love about Squeak , is that it does n't need to please everyone , because there 's nothing in the system I can't simply find the source code for , and fix .
If I spend any time working in a Squeak I do n't like , that 's my own fault for not changing it .
So , in a 3.8 image , LookEnhancements is one of the first things I load , in 3.9 it 's already there .
Once loaded , here 's a change set I apply to fix the windows after LookEnhancements has had a crack at them .
All it does it slim down the window borders to 2 , the splitter borders to 2 , and adjusts the positions of the corner grips to match the newer slimmer sexier more professional looking windows .
You may have to fiddle with the corner grip offsets depending on your choice of font sizes for the title , they 're simply floated over the windows statically , not dynamically adjusted to compensate for changes .
Next , for those of you who develop on Windows , comes installing Andreas 's Win32 Native Fonts package from SqueakMap .
This almost gives Squeak a native look and feel on Windows .
Personally , I prefer Verdana 12pt font for just about everything , so I change just about every font in the system to it .
All of these changes are already in my image , but I thought I 'd detail a little more some of the things I do to create it , and why .
After making these changes , if you look in preferences and turn off rounded window corners , rounded menu corners , and scrollbars narrow , you 'll end up with a much nicer looking Squeak that actually looks suitable for adults who can still see .
Squeak might have been made for kids originally , but Seaside has given it new life in the real world , where serious apps are written , and expectations for how an environment looks and feels , is a little higher than what a kid might require .
Ever since he was written up in the Times last week , No Impact Man has been causing shockwaves .
Here ’s a guy who , with his family , is going without … reducing his intake to local foods and his output to a tiny fraction of the typical American’s .
I was at the Union Square Market last week , buying some local eggs .
A well - dressed woman marched up and handed two empty cardboard egg trays to the farmer , for reusing ( a step better than recycling ) .
Suddenly , $ 40 an ounce for raspberries flown in from Chile is n’t so sexy any more .
Now , people look at someone driving a Chevy Suburban the same way they look at a fit person parking in a handicapped space .
" Why , " they wonder , " do you need to do that ? "
It ’s sort of a mix of suspicion and pity .
The richest and best - educated people in our economy are shifting , and pretty quickly .
They ’re just as willing to spend money as they always were , but now it ’s not focused on fancy organic stuff at the Whole Foods Market or giant bulletproof cars from Germany or private jet travel .
Instead , the market is trying as hard as it can to spend time and money without leaving much of a trace .
I think this story has legs and is going to be around for a long time .
Zero is the new black .
The Federal Trade Commission today dealt a serious blow to " Net Neutrality " proponents as it issued a report dismissive of claims that the government needs to get involved in preserving the fairness of networks in the United States .
The report , entitled " Broadband Connectivity Competition Policy , " was drafted in response to growing concerns about broadband competitiveness and network neutrality .
The FTC intends the report to be consulted as a guideline by policy makers and legislators , but it has no binding force .
Nevertheless , the report 's findings are yet another sign that US government agencies are not particularly interested in the network neutrality problem right now .
In fact , the FTC is essentially saying that they can find no evidence of a problem to begin with .
In a statement , Chairman Deborah Platt Majoras said , " This report recommends that policy makers proceed with caution in the evolving , dynamic industry of broadband Internet access , which generally is moving toward more - not less - competition .
In the absence of significant market failure or demonstrated consumer harm , policy makers should be particularly hesitant to enact new regulation in this area . "
The " hands - off " approach is the approach preferred by the telecoms , who will also be delighted that Chairman Majoras cleared them of any wrong - doing in their network management so far .
Nevertheless , the FTC says that it will continue to monitor the situation , as will the FCC and DOJ .
Perhaps more encouraging for proponents of such legislation , the FTC says that increased awareness of the debate will help them with monitoring the need for government regulation .
" As a byproduct of the ongoing debate over network neutrality regulation , the agencies have a heightened awareness of the potential consumer harms from certain conduct by , and business arrangements involving , broadband providers , " the report states .
" Perhaps equally important , many consumers are now aware of such issues .
Consumers — particularly online consumers — have a powerful collective voice .
In the area of broadband Internet access , they have revealed a strong preference for the current open access to Internet content and applications . "
Indeed , while this appears to be another victory for the opponents of net neutrality , the language of the report suggests that should something more fishy arise , the FTC will be watching .
In particular , the report says that the FTC will be watching a set of particular questions closely :
How much demand will there be from content and applications providers for data prioritization ?
Will effective data prioritization , throughout the many networks comprising the Internet , be feasible ?
Would allowing broadband providers to practice data prioritization necessarily result in the degradation of non-prioritized data delivery ?
When will the capacity limitations of the networks comprising the Internet result in unmanageable or unacceptable levels of congestion ?
If that point is reached , what will be the most efficient response thereto : data prioritization , capacity increases , a combination of these , or some as yet unknown technological innovation ?
As you can see , these are all very fundamental questions , and indeed the answer to all of them involves a giant helping of " wait and see . "
Further reading :
On " Hardball " today former ambassador Richard Holbrooke slammed guest - host David Gregory for peddling unfounded GOP talking points about Speaker Pelosi 's trip to Syria .
Whether it was Pelosi's " shadow presidency " ( coined by WaPo neocon Fred Hiatt ) , or her " miscommunicated Israeli message , " Mr. Holbrooke exposed the lies and took a swing at the gullible journalists who have been promoting them .
Download Download
" I think this whole thing has been blown out of proportion by a deliberate ambush plan by the opposition -- in this case the Republicans -- and , frankly , exploited by journalists who are just looking for a controversy .
There is no issue here .
Congressman Wolf , a major Republican , was in the region a few days earlier .
Republicans were on her trip .
There is no issue .
None . "
I wonder if Holbrooke caught Gregory 's appearance on " Meet the Press " yesterday or if he just got lucky .
Either way , he 's dead on .
Think Progress has video of Rep Nick Rahall ( D - WV ) -- who was part of Pelosi 's delegation -- confirming that the Speaker spoke to President Bush before leaving for Damascus , and that he raised no objection .
If bloggers can so easily sort out fact from fiction , why can't the national " liberal " media ?
Pathetic .
If you want have fun then read more .
If you want to see some hight speed fun look at this
M-INT Kobe , a commercial complex scheduled to open in Kobe on October 4 , has been outfitted with an exterior lighting system that translates cosmic energy waves into pulsating blue light .
The system is the first of its kind to be installed on a building in Japan .
Called " Super Nova , " the lighting system consists of 2,880 blue LEDs arranged in two columns spanning the height of the 18 - story building 's west wall .
The embedded lights are activated by sensors that detect cosmic rays .
According to Takuro Osaka , the University of Tsukuba Graduate School professor who designed the system , the brightness of the blue lights fluctuates according to the intensity of the detected cosmic rays , giving the building an ever - changing magical glow .
Takuro Osaka has been exploring the use of cosmic radiation in art since 1995 , and for years he has been discussing the possibility of collaborating with Japan 's space agency ( JAXA , formerly NASDA ) on art projects in outer space .
Check out Takuro Osaka 's homepage for details about his previous spaced - out projects .
[ Sources : Kobe Shimbun , Kobe Topics ]
With Ali al - Fadhily
FALLUJAH – After enduring two major assaults , Fallujah is under threat from U.S. forces again , residents say .
" They destroyed our city twice , and they are threatening us a third time , " 52 - year - old Ahmed Dhahy told IPS in Fallujah , the Sunni - dominated city 30 mi. west of Baghdad .
" They want us to do their job for them and turn in those who target them , " he said .
Dhahy , who lost 32 relatives when his father ’s house was bombed by a U.S. aircraft during the April 2004 attack on the city , said the U.S. military had threatened it would destroy the city if resistance fighters were not handed over to them .
" Last week the Americans used loudspeakers on the backs of their tanks and Humvees to threaten us , " Dhahy said .
Residents said the U.S. forces warned of a " large military operation " if fighters were not handed over .
A U.S. military spokesman in Baghdad said he had no reports of such action .
Fallujah was heavily bombed in April 2004 and again in November that year .
The attacks destroyed 75 percent of city infrastructure and left more than 5,000 dead , according to local non-governmental groups .
But following the heavy assaults , resistance fighters have continued to launch attacks against U.S. and official Iraqi forces in the city .
Fallujah remains under tight security , with the U.S. military using biometric identification , full body searches , and bar - coded IDs for residents to enter and leave their city .
" The Iraqi resistance has not stopped for a single day despite the huge U.S. Army activities , " a city police captain speaking on condition of anonymity told IPS .
" The wise men of the city explained to U.S. officials that it is impossible to stop the resistance by military operations , but it seems the Americans prefer to do it the hard way . "
The police captain said anti-occupation fighters had increased their activities in the face of sectarian violence in which Shia death squads have killed thousands of Sunnis in Baghdad .
Many residents of Fallujah have relatives in the capital city .
Lack of reconstruction , and the U.S. military ’s failure to pay due compensation to victims ’ families have added to the unrest , the captain said .
" There used to be resistance attacks against the U.S. and Iraqi forces in Fallujah daily , " added the captain .
" But now they have increased to several per day .
Many soldiers have been killed and their vehicles destroyed .
So it is clear that the security measures they have taken in Fallujah have failed . "
Several residents told IPS that all sorts of killings have been taking place over the past eight months .
Religious leaders have been targeted regularly , with no group claiming responsibility .
On Sunday Sept. 10 , former chief of traffic police Brigadier Ahmed Diraa was shot dead in his car .
Residents in Fallujah told IPS that Diraa had quit his post a month earlier .
In the face of killings , and now threats of a new attack , residents remain defiant of the occupation forces .
The hardships that people have endured seem to have strengthened rather than weakened them .
" There are so many arrests and killings , and collective punishments such as random shootings , violent inspection raids , repeated curfews , and deliberate cutting of water and electricity , " Mohammed al - Darraji , head of an Iraqi human rights group in Fallujah called the Iraqi Center for Human Rights Observation , told IPS .
" What is going on in this city requires international intervention to protect civilians and to punish those who seriously damaged Fallujah society and committed serious crimes against humanity , " al - Darraji added .
His group has been monitoring breaches of the Geneva Conventions in the city since the April 2004 siege .
" There is a long list of collective punishments that have turned the city into a frightful detention camp , " he said .
Another human rights campaigner in Fallujah who asked to be referred to as " Khalid " said human rights activists in Iraq felt betrayed by the United Nations .
The UN had played ignorant " by leaving U.S. troops to act alone in the city , " Khalid , who works with Raya Human Rights , a non-governmental organization in the city told IPS .
" This was after the media exposed the enormity of the violence and human rights violations during the last three years . "
( Inter Press Service )
The way most companies recruit new people is in need of some serious improvement .
Taking or not taking a job is a big decision , and yet you as an applicant are supposed to decide based on just one or two job interviews .
The result is that when you show up for your first day at a new job you have little idea what the job , the manager or the co-workers are really like .
You may be in for some surprises .
Also , it ’s difficult for a manager to know if she ’s hiring the right person , when all she has to go on is a CV , a personality test and one or two job interviews with that person .
How can she know what this person is really like ?
Some people interview very poorly but are great to work with .
Others seem charming , elouquent and competent in interviews , and then turn out to be … not so great to work with .
There ’s gotta be a better way .
This is why I was very happy to hear that the good people at Menlo Innovations in Ann Arbor , Michigan have found a way to hire people that is both faster and better than the traditional way .
They call it Extreme Interviewing ( a term they ’ve trademarked , btw ) .
It ’s the coolest , most innovative way I have heard of to hire new people and the results are amazing !
Read on to see how they do it .
How to do Extreme Interviewing
There are three basic principles in Extreme Interviewing .
Drop the regular job interviews
The first principle of Extreme Interviewing is to drop the idea of regular job interviews , and to instead recreate the actual work environment in the company as faithfully as possible for the candidates .
This way , interviewers see the candidates in real working conditions and candidates get a feel for what working there is really like .
Involve the existing team
The second principle is to involve the existing team in recruting , rather than leaving it to HR and the manager .
Existing team members are in a great position to evaulate the qualities of new co-workers – after all , they ’ll be working with the ones that get hired .
And they ’ll be picking up the slack , if the new hires are not up to snuff .
Personality matters
And the final principle , is to focus equally on personal skills and technical skills .
A candidate may be a genius in his field , but to Menlo it matters more that she can communicate and teamwork well .
Goals for recruting
These are their goals when recruting :
Do n’t just increase headcount , increase the team ’s output – All too often , adding people to a project has a negative effect on productivity as the new people adapt .
Productivity only increases much later .
– All too often , adding people to a project has a negative effect on productivity as the new people adapt .
Productivity only increases much later .
Get new hires up to speed quickly – Help them throught the learning curve on Menlo ’s products , technology and eXtreme Programming .
– Help them throught the learning curve on Menlo ’s products , technology and eXtreme Programming .
Interview up to 50 applicants in one week – Yes , you read that right .
– Yes , you read that right .
Continue work while interviewing – Continue the work on existing projects while hiring .
Now that ’s ambitious .
Also , Menlo Innovations base their development work on the IT project model called eXtreme Programming ( or XP ) which is radically different from more traditional development methods and want to use the same principles when recruiting .
Here ’s a previous post about XP and how it can be used in non -software projects .
How to do Extreme Interviewing
Here ’s how Menlo did it once , when they needed to hire 12 new developers all those new developers .
1 : Find candidates
HR worked with a consultant for two months to find suitable candidates .
They did not focus on technical skills but on finding candidates with energy , enthusiasm , curiosity and an ability to communicate clearly .
50 people were invited to apply , and all suitable applicants had their first interview scheduled for the same time .
2 : Involve the existing team in the process
On the day before the first interview , twelve volunteers from the existing team were assembled to learn the interviewing process .
The volunteers worked through the exercises that the candidates would be asked to perform so that they would be familiar with them
They also reviewed the goal of the first interview :
To identify candidates with good teamwork , communication and interpersonal skills .
3 : First interview – make your partner look good
On the day of the first interview ( a saturday ) all the candidates appeared together .
They were assembled , fed and given a short introduction to eXtreme Programming and to the company .
They were told that they were not being evaluated on their programming talents in this round but only on their ability to think critically , ask good questions and finally on their ability to make their partner look good .
They were then set to work on tasks that were very similar to normal work at Menlo , under the supervision of existing Menlo employees .
Because all work in XP projects is done by two people working in pairs , the candidates were of course also working together in pairs .
This exercise quickly revealed who was willing to help others and who just wanted to look good themselves .
It also showed who was good at drawing on the knowledge of their partner to make even better decisions .
During this twenty minute exercise the room was noisy and energetic , very much like Menlo ’s normal working environment .
At the end of the twenty - minute period candidates were brought back to a central seating area for instruction on the second exercise , while interviewers made quick notes about the interactions they had observed .
After three exercises the interviewers sorted candidates into three groups :
Poor teamwork skills , adequate teamwork skills and strong teamwork skills .
The fifteen with the strongest teamwork skills were invited back for a second interview .
4 : Second interview – work on actual tasks at Menlo
Second interviews were scheduled during normal working hours during the week that followed the first interviews .
In this round , each applicant worked with an existing Menlo employee on actual tasks , allowing the interview team to assess the candidate without simply quizzing him or her .
This gave the interviewers a great way to both assess a candidate ’s technical skills and to get a sense for how that person would fit in at Menlo .
The candidates also got another direct taste of what working at Menlo is like .
5 : Making the decision
Now it was time to decide on who to offer a job , and the team did this based on the question  which of the candidates do you believe would make good pair - programming partners ????
They quickly arrived at a ranking and the VP decided to make offers to the top eight candidates .
Seven of the eight candidates accepted positions .
Results
The results were stunning :
The new employees fit in quickly – How quickly ?
Well , when Menlo repeated the process a month later with a new interview team consisting of veteran employees and some new hires , the candicates could not tell the new employees from the old timers .
Also , after just six weeks , a new hire was skilled enough in the practices to mentor a new employee just joining the team .
– How quickly ?
Well , when Menlo repeated the process a month later with a new interview team consisting of veteran employees and some new hires , the candicates could not tell the new employees from the old timers .
Also , after just six weeks , a new hire was skilled enough in the practices to mentor a new employee just joining the team .
Low employee turnover –
There was only one developer lost to attrition during the life of the team .
– There was only one developer lost to attrition during the life of the team .
Reusing the process – Menlo hired fourteen developers within two months using this process and six more later using a smaller variant of the process .
It is also used in non-IT departments of Menlo Innovations .
– Menlo hired fourteen developers within two months using this process and six more later using a smaller variant of the process .
It is also used in non-IT departments of Menlo Innovations .
Making life easier – Managers at Menlo called it “ a joy to manage and work with such a team ” .
I stand in awe of this method for many reasons , particularly that :
It ’s radical – It ’s an almost total departure from the traditional hiring process .
And of course we all know how well that works :o )
– It ’s an almost total departure from the traditional hiring process .
And of course we all know how well that works :o)
It ’s consistent and congruent –
The whole hiring process is just an extension of the way they already work at Menlo , making it easier for the company to evaluate applicants and for applicants to know if they will fit in .
– The whole hiring process is just an extension of the way they already work at Menlo , making it easier for the company to evaluate applicants and for applicants to know if they will fit in .
It ’s inclusive – Existing employees who want to particpate get to help select their new co-workers .
– Existing employees who want to particpate get to help select their new co-workers .
It emphasizes people skills – Because team working skills and personality are as important as technical skills .
– Because team working skills and personality are as important as technical skills .
It ’s efficient – You get a huge number of interviews done with relatively few ressources .
– You get a huge number of interviews done with relatively few ressources .
It works – And it works much better than the traditional way .
Richard Sheridan , the founder of Menlo pioneered this approach in his previous job as a VP at Interface Systems .
Back then , a team member asked him about the success of this process , saying “ Rich , you could n’t have know it was going to be such a success when you started this change process .
Why were you willing to take such a risk ? ”
Rich ’s answer was simple : “ When you realize that the risk of changing is far less than the risk of staying the same , dramatic change is actually easy . ”
And most importantly , for my money , employees love working for Menlo .
A typical phrase is “ it ’s fun being us ! ” .
Parallels in other companies
The method reminds me of two similar practices by higly successful companies :
Southwest Airlines and their motto “ Hire for attitude train for skill ” is a lot like Menlo ’s focus on communication and cooperation skills first and technical skills second .
This makes excellent sense considering the need for effective teamwork experienced by all companies today .
Semco ( a Sao Paulo - based company with 3.000 employees ) also do group interviews .
They get all the applicants together at the same time and they are then interviewed by a group of Semco employees who choose who to hire .
They even let employees choose their own bosses in this way .
This shows that what we have here is an approach to hiring that is better , more efficient and cheaper than the regular way .
Maaaaybe it would be worth trying it out at your company ?
A great big thank you to Michael Andersen , a former employee of Menlo , for telling me about them .
UPDATE : Michael weighs in with his latest Menlo experiences .
He seems to like it :o )
If you liked this post I ’m pretty sure you ’ll also enjoy these :
Thanks for visiting my blog .
If you 're new here , you should check out this list of my 10 most popular articles .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Welcome back to the blog .
Want to learn more about happiness at work ?
Sign up for our intensive in - depth 3 - day Woohoo Academy training .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
1988 : C. Everett Koop , surgeon general of the United States , publishes a report declaring nicotine as addictive as either heroin or cocaine .
Nicotine serves as the tobacco plant ’s natural defense against insects and , in its pure form , is more poisonous than either strychnine or arsenic .
Its chemical structure is similar to acetylcholine , a neurotransmitter , giving it easy access to the brain ’s reward and pleasure pathways .
Click here for a fuller description of nicotine addiction .
Koop , something of an idiosyncratic figure despite serving in the conservative Reagan administration , went after the tobacco companies hard , something no one in his position had done before .
Koop , a pediatric surgeon , valued hard science over political expediency and was not afraid of staking out positions contrary to either the administration ’s views or popular opinion .
He was much tougher on big tobacco than the Reagan administration would have liked and when AIDS came along , Koop was criticized both by gay rights advocates ( for bluntly stating the health risks inherent in gay sex practices ) and by conservatives ( for advocating sex education as early as the third grade ) .
Besides his damning report on nicotine ’s addictive characteristics , Koop was instrumental in making warning labels mandatory on cigarette packs .
( Source : Various )
Comment on this story .
Smoking 2.0 Gives Lungs a Break
Wired 13.04 : The Bitter Pill
Wired Science : Chemists Try to Cure Crack Addiction
Wired 13.01 : Instant Detox
Designing Drugs to Swat Addiction
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Spc. Cody L. Wentz , 21 , of Williston , N. D. , died November 4 in Iraq when an improvised explosive device detonated near his military vehicle while on patrol .
Wentz was assigned to the Army National Guards 141st Engineer Battalion , Williston , N.D .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of two Marines who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Cpl. Jeremiah A. Baro , 21 , of Fresno , Calif .
Lance Cpl. Jared P. Hubbard , 22 , of Clovis , Calif .
Both Marines died Nov. 4 from injuries received as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
They were assigned to 2nd Battalion , 5th Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , I Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Pendleton , Calif .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Sgt. Charles J. Webb , 22 , of Hamilton , Ohio died Nov. 3 in the 31st Combat Support Hospital in Baghdad , Iraq , from wounds sustained earlier that day when an improvised explosive device detonated in Baghdad , Iraq .
Webb was assigned to the 82nd Engineer Battalion , 1st Infantry Division ( Mechanized ) , Bamberg , Germany .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Enduring Freedom .
Spc. James C. Kearney , III , 22 , of Emerson , Iowa , died Nov. 1 in Salerno , Afghanistan , from injuries sustained in Sharan , Afghanistan , when his convoy was attacked by enemy forces using rocket propelled grenades .
Kearney was assigned to the Army National Guard 's 1st Battalion , 168th Infantry , Glenwood , Iowa .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Pfc. John Lukac , 19 , of Las Vegas , Nev. , died Oct. 30 , due to enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 1st Battalion , 3rd Marine Regiment , 3rd Marine Division , III Marine Expeditionary Force , Marine Corps Base Hawaii .
The Department of Defense announced today the deaths of two soldiers who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Spc. Segun Frederick Akintade , 34 , of Brooklyn , N.Y. , died Oct. 28 in Abd Allah , Iraq , when his unit was attacked by enemy forces using an improvised explosive device and small arms fire .
Akintade was assigned to the 2nd Battalion , 108th Infantry Regiment , New York , N.Y. Sgt. Maurice Keith Fortune , 25 , of Forestville , Md. , died Oct. 29 in Ar Ramadi , Iraq , when a vehicle - borne improvised explosive device detonated near his military vehicle .
Fortune was assigned to the Armys 2nd Battalion , 17th Field Artillery , 2nd Brigade Combat Team , from Camp Hovey , Korea .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of three Marines who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Lance Cpl. John T. Byrd II , 23 , of Fairview , W.V. Sgt. Kelley L. Courtney , 28 , of Macon , Ga. Pfc. Andrew G. Riedel , 19 , of Northglenn , Colo .
All three Marines died Oct 30 , due enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
Byrd and Riedel were assigned to 1st Battalion , 3rd Marine Regiment , 3rd Marine Division , III Marine Expeditionary Force , Marine Corps Base Hawaii .
Courtney was assigned to 3rd Intelligence Battalion , III MEF , Okinawa , Japan .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
1st Lt. Matthew D. Lynch , 25 , of Jericho , N.Y. , died Oct. 31 from enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
Lynch was assigned to 2nd Battalion , 5th Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , I Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Pendleton , Calif .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of two Marines who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Lance Cpl. Travis A. Fox , 25 , of Cowpens , S.C. Cpl. Christopher J. Lapka , 22 , of Peoria , Ariz .
Both Marines died Oct 30 , due to enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
They were assigned to 1st Battalion , 3rd Marine Regiment , 3rd Marine Division , III Marine Expeditionary Force , Marine Corps Base Hawaii .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of two Marines who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Lance Cpl. Jeremy D. Bow , 20 , of Lemoore , Calif .
Lance Cpl. Michael P. Scarborough , 28 , of Washington , Ga. Both Marines died Oct. 30 , due enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
They were assigned to 1st Battalion , 3rd Marine Regiment , 3rd Marine Division , III Marine Expeditionary Force , Marine Corps Base Hawaii .
7
8 The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Pvt. Justin R. Yoemans , 20 , of Eufaula , Ala. , died Nov. 6 at the 31st Combat Support Hospital in Baghdad , Iraq , from wounds sustained earlier that day in Baghdad , Iraq , when a vehicle - borne improvised explosive device detonated near his up - armored HMMWV .
Yoemans was assigned to the 4th Battalion , 5th Air Defense Artillery , Fort Hood , Texas .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Sgt. Carlos M. Camacho - Rivera , 24 , of Carolina , Puerto Rico , died Nov. 5 in the 31st Combat Support Hospital in Baghdad , Iraq , from wounds sustained earlier that day in Fallujah , Iraq , from a rocket blast .
Camacho - Rivera was assigned to the 368th Transportation Company , 11th Transportation Battalion , Fort Story , Va . The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Lance Cpl. Sean M. Langley , 20 , of Lexington , Ky. , died Nov. 7 from injuries received as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
Langley was assigned to 2nd Battalion , 5th Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , I Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Pendleton , Calif .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Spc. Brian K. Baker , 27 , of West Seneca , N.Y. , died November 7 in Baghdad , Iraq , when a vehicle - borne improvised explosive device detonated near his security patrol .
Baker was assigned to the 2nd Battalion , 14th Infantry Regiment , 10th Mountain Division ( Light Infantry ) , Fort Drum , New York .
9 The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Spc. Quoc Binh Tran , 26 , of Mission Viejo , Calif. , died Nov. 7 in Baghdad , Iraq , from wounds sustained that same day when an improvised explosive device detonated near his military vehicle while he was conducting convoy operations .
Tran was assigned to the Army National Guards 181st Support Battalion , San Bernardino , Calif .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of two Marines who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Cpl. Nathaniel T. Hammond , 24 , of Tulsa , Okla .
Lance Cpl. Shane K. ODonnell , 24 , of DeForest , Wisc. Both Marines died Nov. 8 as a result of enemy action in Babil Province , Iraq .
They were assigned to the Marine Corps Reserves 2nd Battalion , 24th Marine Regiment , 4th Marine Division , Chicago , Ill .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Spc. Bryan L. Freeman , 31 , of Lumberton , N.J. , died November 8 in Baghdad , Iraq , from wounds sustained earlier that day when he came under small arms fire while conducting a vehicle search .
Freeman was assigned to the 443rd Civil Affairs , Battalion , U.S. Army Reserve , Warwick , R.I. The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Lance Cpl. Jeffrey Lam , 22 , of Queens , N.Y. , died Nov. 8 as a result of a non-hostile vehicle incident in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to the Marine Corps Reserves 6th Communications Battalion , 4th Force Service Support Group , Brooklyn , N.Y .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of two soldiers supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
They died November 8 in Baghdad , Iraq when a vehicle - borne improvised explosive device detonated near their convoy .
Both soldiers were assigned to the 2nd Battalion , 130th Field Artillery , Kansas National Guard , Horton , Kan .
Killed were : Staff Sgt. Clinton L. Wisdom , 39 , of Atchison , Kan. Spc. Don A. Clary , 21 , of Troy , Kan .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of two Marines who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Lance Cpl. Branden P. Ramey , 22 , of Boone , Ill. , died Nov. 8 as a result of enemy action in Babil Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to the Marine Corps Reserves 2nd Battalion , 24th Marine Regiment , 4th Marine Division , Chicago , Ill . Staff Sgt. David G. Ries , 29 , of Clark , Wash. , died Nov. 8 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to the Marine Corps Reserves 6th Engineer Support Battalion , 4th Force Service Support Group , Portland , Ore .
10 The Department of Defense announced today the death of an airman who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Master Sgt. Steven E. Auchman , 37 , of Waterloo , N.Y. , died Nov. 9 from injuries received when multiple rocket propelled grenades struck his location in Mosul , Iraq .
He was assigned to the 5th Air Support Operations Squadron , Fort Lewis , Wash .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Lance Cpl. Thomas J. Zapp , 20 , of Houston , Texas , died Nov. 8 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to Combat Service Support Battalion 1 , Combat Service Support Group 11 , 1st Force Service Support Group , Camp Pendleton , Calif .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Cpl. Robert P. Warns II , 23 , of Waukesha , Wis. , died Nov. 8 as a result of enemy action in Babil Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to the Marine Corps Reserves 2nd Battalion , 24th Marine Regiment , 4th Marine Division , Chicago , Ill .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Command Sgt. Maj . Steven W. Faulkenburg , 45 , of Huntingburg , Ind. , died Nov. 9 in Fallujah , Iraq , when he came under small arms fire while conducting combat operations .
Faulkenburg was assigned to 2nd Battalion , 2nd Infantry Regiment , Vilseck , Germany .
11 The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Sgt. Lonny D. Wells , 29 , of Vandergrift , Pa. , died Nov. 9 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 1st Battalion , 8th Marine Regiment , 2nd Marine Division , II Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Lejeune , N.C. The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Lance Cpl. Juan E. Segura , 26 , of Homestead , Fla. , died Nov. 9 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 3rd Battalion , 1st Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , I Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Pendleton , Calif .
12 The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Staff Sgt. Todd R. Cornell , 38 , of West Bend , Wis. , died November 9 in Fallujah , Iraq , when acting in an advisory support capacity and his Iraqi unit came under attack by enemy forces using small arms fire .
Cornell was assigned to the Army Reserve 's 1st Battalion , 339th Infantry Regiment , Fraser , Mich .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of three Marines who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Cpl. William C. James , 24 , of Huntington Beach , Calif .
Lance Cpl. Nicholas D. Larson , 19 , of Wheaton , Ill . Lance Cpl. Nathan R. Wood , 19 , of Kirkland , Wash .
All three Marines died Nov. 9 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
They were assigned to 3rd Battalion , 1st Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , I Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Pendleton , Calif .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Sgt. John B. Trotter , 25 , of Marble Falls , Texas , died November 9 in Ar Ramadi , Iraq , when he was on patrol and his unit came under attack by enemy forces using small arms fire .
Trotter was assigned to the 1st Battalion , 503rd Infantry Regiment , 2nd Infantry Division , Camp Howze , Korea .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Spc. Travis A. Babbitt , 24 , of Uvalde , Texas , died November 9 in Baghdad , Iraq , when his patrol was attacked by enemy forces using a rocket - propelled grenade and small arms fire .
Babbitt was assigned to the 1st Battalion , 8th Cavalry Regiment , 1st Cavalry Division , Fort Hood , Texas .
The Department of Defense announced today the death a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Staff Sgt. Russell L. Slay , 28 , of Humble , Texas , died Nov. 9 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 2nd Assault Amphibian Battalion , 2nd Marine Division , II Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Lejeune , N.C. The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Lance Cpl. Erick J. Hodges , 21 , of Bay Point , Calif. , died Nov. 10 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 3rd Battalion , 5th Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , I Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Pendleton , Calif The Department of Defense announced today the death two Marines who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Sgt. David M. Caruso , 25 , of Naperville , Ill. , died Nov. 9 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 2nd Force Reconnaissance Company , II Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Lejeune , N.C. 1st Lt. Dan T. Malcom Jr. , 25 , of Brinson , Ga. , died Nov. 10 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 1st Battalion , 8th Marine Regiment , 2nd Marine Division , II Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Lejeune , N.C. The Department of Defense announced today the death three Marines who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Lance Cpl. Aaron C. Pickering , 20 , of Marion , Ill. , died Nov. 10 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 1st Battalion , 3rd Marine Regiment , 3rd Marine Division , III Marine Expeditionary Force , Marine Corps Base Hawaii .
Staff Sgt. Gene Ramirez , 28 , of San Antonio , Texas , died Nov. 10 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 3rd Battalion , 5th Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , I Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Pendleton , Calif .
Lance Cpl. Justin D. Reppuhn , 20 , of Hemlock , Mich. , died Nov. 11 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 3rd Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion , 1st Marine Division , I Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Pendleton , Calif .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Lance Cpl. Abraham Simpson , 19 , Chino , Calif. , died Nov. 9 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 3rd Battalion , 1st Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , I Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Pendleton , Calif .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Pfc. Dennis J. Miller , Jr. , 21 , of La Salle , Mich. , died Nov. 10 in Ar Ramadi , Iraq , when his unit came under enemy attack and a rocket - propelled grenade struck his M1A1 Abrams tank .
Miller was assigned to the 2nd Battalion , 72nd Armor Regiment , 2nd Infantry Division , Camp Casey , Korea .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of two Marines who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Cpl. Peter J. Giannopoulos , 22 , of Inverness , Ill. , died Nov. 11 as a result of enemy action in Babil Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to Marine Corps Reserves 2nd Battalion , 24th Marine Regiment , 4th Marine Division , Chicago , Ill. Cpl. Romulo J. Jimenez II , 21 , of Miami , Fla. , died Nov. 10 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 1st Battalion , 8th Marine Regiment , 2nd Marine Division , II Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Lejeune , N.C. The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Spc. Thomas K. Doerflinger , 20 , of Silver Spring , Md. , died Nov. 11 in Mosul , Iraq , when his unit received small arms fire while conducting combat operations .
Doerflinger was assigned to 1st Battalion , 24th Infantry Regiment , 1st Brigade , 25th Infantry Division ( Stryker Brigade Combat Team ) , Fort Lewis , Wash .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Staff Sgt. Michael C. Ottolini , 45 , of Sebastopol , Calif. , died Nov. 10 in Balad , Iraq , when an improvised explosive device detonated near his up - armored HMMWV .
Ottolini was assigned to the Army National Guard 's 579th Engineer Battalion , Petaluma , Calif .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Cpl. Joshua D. Palmer , 24 , of Blandinsville , Ill. , died Nov. 8 as a result of a non-hostile vehicle incident in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to the Marine Corps Reserves 6th Engineer Support Battalion , 4th Force Service Support Group , headquartered in Portland , Ore . The Department of Defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Staff Sgt. Sean P. Huey , 28 , of Fredericktown , Pa. , died Nov. 11 in Habbaniyah , Iraq , when his unit was on patrol and a vehicle - borne improvised explosive device detonated near his HMMWV .
Huey was assigned to the 1st Battalion , 506th Infantry Regiment , 2nd Infantry Division , Camp Greaves , Korea .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Cpl. Theodore A. Bowling , 25 , of Casselberry , Fla. , died Nov. 11 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 3rd Battalion , 1st Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , I Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Pendleton , Calif .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a sailor who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Petty Officer Third Class Julian Woods , 22 , of Jacksonville , Fla. , died Nov. 10 as a result of hostile fire in Fallujah , Iraq .
He was assigned to 3rd Marine Division Detachment , Marine Corps Base Hawaii , Kaheohe Bay , Hawaii .
The Department of Defense announced today the death of a Marine who was supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Staff Sgt. Theodore S. Holder II , 27 , of Littleton , Colo. , died Nov. 11 as a result of enemy action in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
He was assigned to 1st Battalion , 3rd Marine Regiment 1st Marine Division , I Marine Expeditionary Force , Camp Pendleton , Calif .
A report just released by the Union of Concerned Scientists should be required reading for every US citizen and taught in every civics , psychology , or science curriculum .
Smoke , Mirrors & Hot Air - How ExxonMobil Uses Big Tobacco's Tactics to Manufacture Uncertainty on Climate Science was released January 3 , 2007 .
You can read the entire report by clicking on the report title , or by going to the UCS link in the right column of this page .
The report states , " ExxonMobil has drawn upon the tactics and even some of the organizations and actors involved in the callous disinformation campaign the tobacco industry waged for 40 years .
Like the tobacco industry , ExxonMobil has :
* Manufactured uncertainty ...
* Adopted a strategy of information laundering ...
* Promoted scientific spokespeople who misrepresent peer - reviewd scientific findings or cherry - pick facts ...
* Attempted to shift the focus away from meaningful action on global warming with the misleading charges about the need for " sound science . "
* Used its extraordinary access to the Bush administration to block federal policies and shape government communications on global warming . "
This meticulously researched and documented report , written in crisp prose everyone can understand , is worth reading and sharing .
Even if you already know most of the component facts , you will be taken aback to see it all put together .
It makes the Enron scandal look like child 's play .
ExxonMobil 's disinformation campaign has been a smashing success :
The USA did not ratify Kyoto , the American public was kept confused , and the federal Energy Bill recently passed in Congress handed over a huge amount of our tax money to the oil industry .
Meanwhile , ExxonMobil continued to get rich in all the usual ways .
The saddest part is how much time we lost in developing renewable energy and in reducing ( or I should say , slowing the increase in ) greenhouse gas emissions .
Now , we 're having to talk " adaptation " to climate change that will ravage various parts of the globe .
Every year that we remain in limbo makes any future effort that much more expensive .
Furthermore , " adaptation " really means the wealthier countries and people find ways to survive while the less fortunate perish .
Farewell , New Orleans , your final fate may not be far off .
One of the things that impresses me is that ExxonMobil really did n't need to spend huge amounts of money to accomplish all this : $ 16 million between 1998 and 2005 .
A pittance , really .
It has been quite a bargain for the company .
Which industry will try this next ?
Can any other industry harm us as much ?
The links that will lead you to actions are listed in the right column on Greengranny and on Green Seniors .
They are not the only good environmental links by any means , but they are ones that are what they say they are , and are good places to get started .
We will keep adding more links to the list .
I 've read in the press that 70 percent of the American public now believes that global warming is a serious problem .
I know for a fact that the elected representatives for whom I voted agree and are working on solutions .
My fellow Americans and Green Seniors , we have fallen behind but we can turn things around .
If you have n't yet begun to do your part , start today !
1790 : Benjamin Franklin dies .
Printer , newspaper publisher , statesman , inventor , scientist , patriot , revolutionary – no one , with the possible exception of Thomas Jefferson , cast a more imposing shadow over young America .
Franklin spent his working life as a printer and publisher and much of his legacy rests there .
But his contributions to the scientific sphere were equally impressive .
Although not formally trained as a scientist , Franklin was hardly a duffer when he forayed into the field following his retirement from the printing trade .
He possessed a keen intellect and a naturally logical and inquisitive mind , and his experiments with electricity , begun in the early 1750s , yielded results that led to a number of technological advances , the lightning rod and the electric battery among them .
Franklin ’s work with electricity brought him international fame , several honorary degrees and membership in Britain ’s Royal Society , but he was active in other areas , too .
He studied weather closely and proposed better methods for tracking storm progression .
He invented the catheter while trying to help his ill brother , and he conducted experiments to make agriculture more efficient .
Franklin retained a lifelong interest in science but the events of the day moved him inexorably toward the politics of revolution .
When Franklin died in 1790 at the age of 84 , more than 20,000 people attended the funeral .
( Source : Thinkquest.org )
Comment on this story .
fun power x = 1 fby power*x
fun fib =
g
where
f = 1 fby f + g
g = 1 fby f
end
fun powsWithFib =
let
x = power ( 2 )
y = next power ( 2 )
z = fib ( )
in
( x+y ) * z
end
print powsWithFib ( )
It 's been a while since I have blogged about my project but I * have * actually been working on my project quite a bit !
I managed to do a good chunk of work over the Christmas break and have really developed the Lucian language so that it properly handles nesting now , and all kinds of primitive operations and variables .
I have also , this weekend , added functions ( see below for an example of a program that performs a running ( 2* i + 2*( i+1 ) ) * fibonacci [ i ] using functions in Lucian ) .
The demo also demonstrates two kinds of nesting , where and let in .
It also shows how great dataflow is , see the recursive power function in one line :)
Whoohoo !
I also had a little bit of a diversion from my primary objective and started playing with a graphic development for writing Lucian code .
I 've currently named it " Guido " ( a common Italian name throughout the ages ) a play on " GUI Do " , I 'll probably change the name , but that 's not important !
I decided that as I was writing the Lucian translator in Haskell and having a lot of fun with Haskell I 'd have a crack at writing some kind of graphical tool in Haskell .
I chose the wxHaskell extension which uses the wxWidgets packages as it seemed like a well established graphics library that uses the native OS widgets of the target platform .
I however had an epic battle when I discovered that the latest wxHaskell , 0.9.4 ( released in May 2005 ) , completely fails to compile with the latest wxWidgets 2.8.0 ( released in December 2006 ) .
So I had a battle taking the wxHaskell 0.9.4 code ( written in C++ ) , and writing compatibility hacks and code to work with the latest wxWidgets .
If anyone is interested I uploaded my modififed code and wrote a short explanation of how to coax the two to compile together over at my site http://riftor.g615.co.uk/content.php?view=53&type=2
A reasonably complete list of the changes I made can be found at http://riftor.g615.co.uk/wxhaskell/wxhchanges.txt
Anyway , once I had all this sorted I spent an afternoon playing with making a little ' flowchart ' style functionality tool , examples of how it looks can be seen here : - So generally things are going well .
I am now working on bringing conditionals into the language , and then I think I will re-write a few bits to make things tidyer and then head into writing Lucian - J the Lucian ->
Java translator , then I will formalize the semantics for Lucian and then I should be nearing completion of deliverable 1 ! :)
by JAMES MILLS
Last updated at 14:59 20 April 2007
For those who want to nibble an al - fresco sausage or chicken drumstick without the guilt of adding to global warming , it is the answer to a prayer .
A barbecue powered by the sun is now on sale in the UK .
The Solar - Grill , available online for £ 125 , is said to catch sunlight with mirrors and reflect it on to the hot plate , a strip of black metal running across the centre which absorbs the heat .
scroll down for more
To start grilling without smoke or flames , all the chef need do is lift the lid on the shiny silver device , aim it at the sun and place the food inside .
Its makers claim it is ideal for use in places where naked flames are forbidden or unsafe , such as balconies in flats and campsites .
scroll down for more
Whether it will prove as effective under Britain 's often - grey summer skies as on sun-kissed Bondi Beach , however , remains to be seen .
And some fans will undoubtedly miss the traditional smoky BBQ taste , since the result is the same as a conventional grill .
The Swiss manufacturers say that if the clouds sweep in when food is half done , cooking can be continued with odourless alcohol - based fuel tablets .
For the adventurous chef , the eco-friendly contraption boasts telescopic legs , which allow it to be set up on uneven terrain such as the side of a mountain .
scroll down for more
Rolf Schneeberger , of makers Tammock Trading , said : " There 's no smoke , no open fire and no pollution .
It 's a small contribution to saving the environment but we feel we are doing our bit to help people be more green . "
Nick Rau , of Friends of the Earth , said : " The solar - powered barbecue is a promising sign because if you are a person who likes the outdoors , then you should be even more aware of your carbon footprint . "
Standing beside two parked cars , two men in dark baseball hats wait for the signal .
It 's broad daylight and nearly rush hour on Bloor .
A woman in paint - stained jeans sprints ahead of the men , scanning the street .
Another stations herself across the road , surveying the speeding cars for police .
The thumbs - up sign is given .
The painting can begin .
Seconds later , a cardboard bike stencil is thrown on the road and the first of seven cans of hot pink paint is emptied on a stretch of Bloor St. W .
" Putting in a bike lane ? " asks a teenage girl cycling by .
Putting in bike lanes is exactly what the Other Urban Repair Squad does .
Last week , the group of vigilante cyclists hit a stretch of Bloor between Ossington Ave. and Dufferin St .
The two - hour effort it took to put down the lane is meant to protest how long it has taken the city to expand its bike lane program .
No one denies its $ 73 million plan to expand bike lanes around the GTA over the next decade is years behind schedule .
For example , Bloor St. is supposed to get a bike lane , between University and Church , sometime within the next three years .
Thirty feet down the road , the team is about to paint again when the stained - jeans woman lets out a high - pitched " boo . "
The men leap off the road , and stash the cardboard and paint beside a garbage bin .
A TTC service car and special constable whiz past .
The two painters slip into casual conversation mode .
Neither appears too concerned that the hot pink paint on the street – matching what 's on their hands and feet – would immediately give them away should anyone investigate .
The first time the group struck was on May 30 .
The gang spray - painted an illegal bike lane in the Annex , between Spadina Ave. and Bathurst St. , along Bloor .
To make the paths appear legitimate , painters stencilled the city 's bike lane logo – a bicycle and large diamond – along the road as well .
The lines may have been sloppy , but that did n't stop cyclists from using the lane for two weeks until the city cleaned it up last Monday .
" The shop owners on Bloor said they thought it was the city staff painting , " said Rick Helary , manager of road operations in Toronto .
He says the total cost of the clean up was $ 1973.74 .
This is a small price to pay , says the Repair Squad 's ringleader , a man in his late 30 s ( members of the group asked their names not be used ) .
" The city is taking way too long .
There is no need for this .
Why do n't they just paint the bike lanes ?
People are dying . "
The most recent cyclist killed in the GTA died earlier this month when he collided with a garbage truck on Bayview Ave. , near the 401 .
The leader of the Repair Squad had his own close call 15 year ago , when he crashed into a car near the SkyDome .
The driver had stopped in the centre lane to let a passenger out .
The cyclist was " doored " as a result .
" You can still see the scar across my chest and arm , " he says .
The activist says he and others were inspired by a group that took action last summer .
Cycling advocates , such as Take the Tooker , have been known to draw chalk bike lanes around the city .
But that 's not going far enough , this group says .
So two weeks after their original stunt , the Repair Squad headed toward another section of Bloor St .
This time , they decided to use hot pink spray paint , both for novelty and so that people would know it was n't done by the city .
It was all carefully planned in advance .
A few members came to the area the night before to scout out the neighbourhood and test the line painter in a back alley .
It would take roughly 30 minutes to paint stencils every 50 feet down the stretch of road , they realized .
They began their work at 3:15 p.m. with cars still parked along the curb .
The group has to wait for rush hour , because that 's the only time cars can't park where the bike lane would be .
" Cars are a good cover when we do the stencilling , " says one of two female members in the group .
" Perfect , " one says , as they notice a red Honda parked only feet away from a large Chevy .
With lookouts at the ready , the pair crouch between the two bumpers .
One holds down a large cardboard stencil , while the other traces the image with paint .
Once the diamonds and bike logos are done , the woman puts on an orange emergency - worker vest and walks straight into oncoming traffic .
As she signals for cars to pass into the centre lane , another walks behind her , using a line painter .
Commuters instinctively take their positions , and bikes head right for the new lane , as drivers dutifully merge left .
" Are we finally getting a bike lane ? " asked a passerby heading into a corner store .
" Yes ma'am , " one of the Repair Squad replies .
" How exciting ! "
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Senate reconfirmation hearings tend to be predictable affairs , marked by polite give - and - take and senatorial grandstanding , but generally free of surprise plot twists .
And so it was supposed to go last September 12 , when Federal Communications Commission ( fcc ) chairman Kevin Martin appeared before the Commerce Committee .
In March 2005 , following the departure of Michael Powell ( Colin ’s son ) , President Bush had named the young Republican lawyer to head the extraordinarily powerful five - person panel that oversees the nation ’s media and telecommunications policies .
Martin , a boyish - looking 40 - year - old who ’d been on the fcc since 2001 , planned to carry on much of his predecessor ’s unfinished business , particularly stiffening penalties for on - air indecency and the sweeping deregulation of media ownership rules .
But unlike Powell , who was confrontational and contemptuous of his critics , the bland and soft - spoken Martin seemed unlikely to attract controversy .
But controversy caught up with him when Senator Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif . ) strayed from the script at his reconfirmation hearing .
Boxer began by asking Martin about an fcc study , commissioned by Powell , on the impact of media ownership on local news .
Unsuspecting , Martin said that it had never been completed .
Then , as he watched glumly , Boxer brandished a draft of the study , which had , in fact , been written more than two years earlier , only to be buried by the fcc .
The report found that locally owned television stations , on average , presented 5 1/ 2 minutes more local news per broadcast than stations owned by out - of - town conglomerates .
The findings squarely contradicted the claims made by Martin , Powell , and big media companies , who have argued that lifting limits on ownership would improve local news coverage .
“ Now , this is n’t national security , for God ’s sakes , ” Boxer continued , unable to resist making Martin squirm .
“ I mean , this is important information .
So I do n’t understand who deep - sixed this thing . ”
Martin meekly said he had no idea , and promised he ’d look into it .
Within a week , a former fcc lawyer claimed that “ every last piece ” of the report had been ordered destroyed before it was leaked , and a second unreleased study came to light , prompting Boxer to refer the matter to the fcc ‘s inspector general .
The discovery of the missing studies was n’t just bad for Martin ’s image , it was a blow to his pet project — trying to repeal what ’s known as the cross - ownership ban , a 31 - year - old fcc rule that prohibits a single company from owning a newspaper and a TV station in the same regional market .
Powell had repealed the rule in 2003 amid public outcry , only to have a federal court reinstate it the following year .
Last April , Martin told the members of the Newspaper Association of America that he would renew the effort to end this regulatory relic from “ the days of disco and leisure suits . ”
Lifting the ban , he said , “ may help to forestall the erosion in local news coverage . ”
But now , the fcc ‘s own internal findings confirmed what its critics had been saying for years — that letting one company dominate a city ’s news business actually undermines the quality of the local media that most Americans rely on for their news .
The renewed push to consolidate even more of the nation ’s newsprint and airwaves comes as the media are in profound transition .
Although we are bombarded with a seemingly endless supply of media options — from cable television to blogs to satellite radio— more and more of the actual news and information we consume comes from a handful of giant media companies .
( See “ And Then There Were Eight “ )
Meanwhile , locally owned outlets are being squeezed out of business or absorbed at an ever faster clip .
In the past three decades , two - thirds of newspaper owners and one - third of television owners have shut down .
Newspapers are particularly feeling the pinch : Fewer than 300 of the nation ’s 1,500 daily papers are still independently owned , and more than half of all markets are dominated by a single paper .
The number of newspaper employees has dropped nearly 20 percent since 1990 .
Hardly a week goes by without another pundit lamenting the demise of the great American newspaper .
The eulogies are also coming from the newspaper executives and investors whose pursuit of phenomenal profits has turned many dailies into shadows of their former selves .
They claim that ending the cross - ownership ban will throw a lifeline to foundering papers by allowing them to merge with TV stations and compete with the Internet .
In reality , such a move would only fuel the “ cut - and - gut ” strategies that generate short - term value at the expense of the kind of journalism that exposed Watergate , nsa eavesdropping , and countless corrupt politicians .
To see how disastrous this could be for the future of news , just take a look at the cities where the fcc has already allowed cross - ownership to get a toehold .
Three weeks after Martin ’s embarrassing Senate appearance , the fcc held a rare public hearing in Los Angeles , the first of six that Martin had promised before his planned proposal of new ownership rules later this year .
He had hoped the event would be a chance to win over skeptics .
But it would be a tough sell :
The ban on cross -ownership has bipartisan support from a loose - knit coalition that includes religious conservatives , centrist Democrats , and an array of progressive groups .
“ The failure to implement these rule changes is not our fault alone , ” Martin had told a meeting of newspaper publishers last spring .
“ The public is not convinced of the need to change these rules , and if you ca n’t convince the public , our chances to do that are dim . ”
Martin assured the more than 500 people who had packed into an auditorium at the University of Southern California that “ public input is critical to this process . ”
Yet once the microphone was opened to the floor , it was obvious that he did n’t like what he heard .
“ There were about 100 people who spoke , ” recalled Jonathan Adelstein , one of two Democrats on the fcc , “ and I ’d say 99 of them spoke out against media consolidation while one spoke out in favor of it .
And I thought that was great , because that ’s just about the breakdown of how Americans feel about this issue . ”
As speaker after speaker pounded the fcc ‘s cozy relationship with the companies it ’s supposed to regulate , Martin slumped in his seat , head in hands .
By the time his staff rescued him to attend another event , he looked like a man who wished he ’d never gotten out of bed .
Martin had made the mistake of kicking off his final deregulatory push in Los Angeles .
Having witnessed the havoc the Chicago - based Tribune Co. had wreaked upon the Los Angeles Times during the past six years , Angelenos were familiar with what can happen when an out - of - town company tries to control the local media .
Tribune Co. is the nation ’s second - largest newspaper owner ( behind Gannett ) and is , more importantly , the only corporation to own both a newspaper and a television station in the three largest markets in the United States — Chicago , New York City , and Los Angeles .
( The Chicago arrangement is grandfathered ; the FCC has granted Tribune temporary waivers to cross - own properties in the other cities . )
The company acquired the Los Angeles Times , along with New York ’s Newsday , the Baltimore Sun , and the Hartford Courant , when it purchased Times Mirror Co. for $ 8.3 billion in 2000 .
Its executives proclaimed that the deal would make Tribune “ the premier multimedia company in America . ”
They marched into Los Angeles prepared to merge news production at the Times and the WB network affiliate ktla , folding another city into their “ convergence media ” model , in which journalistic and corporate “ synergies ” between newspapers , TV stations , and websites reduce inefficiency and maximize profits .
The paper ’s employees and readers soon discovered that this jargon was code for old - fashioned downsizing .
The Los Angeles Times had long been known for its extensive local coverage as well as national and international reporting on a par with the New York Times and the Washington Post .
Indeed , it won six Pulitzers in 2004 , before Tribune started slashing its domestic and international bureaus — just as world events and Southern California ’s booming immigrant population made their reporting more necessary than ever .
By 2006 , Tribune had eliminated one - fourth of the editorial staff , trimmed the news section , and canned two popular editors - in - chief after disputes over cutbacks , losing 335,000 subscribers in the process .
( See “ Reckless Disregard “ )
The Times ‘ critics also charge that the leaner publication lost touch with local issues and its civic mission .
“ A succession of publishers and editors who do n’t know an Amber Alert from SigAlert ” — warnings to look for kidnapped children and massive tie-ups on L.A. freeways , respectively — ” have been parachuted in to run the Times , ” wrote Harry B. Chandler , a former Times executive whose family owned the paper for nearly 120 years , in an op - ed last November .
“ The paper needs executives who understand the area .
Providing great editorial coverage and civic leadership for this , the largest , most complicated urban space in the world , are tasks unsuited to outsiders whose tour of duty in the Southland may not outlast the Santa Anas . ”
When convergence failed to produce a windfall , and Tribune Co. stock dropped almost 35 percent in three years , shareholders — including many members of the Chandler clan — revolted .
Last fall , Tribune put its entire business on the block .
The decision fed hopes that David Geffen or another benevolent mogul would acquire the Times ( at press time , sharks including Rupert Murdoch were also circling ) .
The auction also added to suspicions that Tribune had been , as one Hartford Courant writer put it , “ bleeding its local properties to keep the corporate mother ship in Chicago above water . ”
If Tribune ’s record in Los Angeles should give pause to advocates of consolidation , so too should its stranglehold on its hometown media market , where its holdings include the Chicago Tribune ; “ superstation ” CW affiliate wgn -tv ; wgn , the region ’s top AM radio station ; cltv , the only local cable news station ; Chicago magazine ; the top online entertainment guide ; the most popular Spanish - language daily ; a tabloid aimed at readers 18 to 34 ; and the Chicago Cubs .
Tribune Co. ’s presence is so powerful that locals refer to Chicago as “ Trib Town ” ; the Wall Street Journal observed that the company has become “ synonymous with the part of the world in which its audience lives . ”
When a story piques the interest of Tribune ’s managers and editors , it echoes through the company ’s news outlets , giving it extraordinary influence in setting the local political and cultural agenda .
Independent and locally owned news outlets often take their cues from Tribune .
As Steve Edwards , host of a popular local affairs program on public radio station wbez , told me : “ If the Tribune decides something was a major story and runs front - page coverage and repeated editorials on it , you would hear that story topping many local newscasts ; you would hear other reporters doing more coverage of that issue … .
There ’s no question there would be a ripple effect . ”
Or , as a Chicago media critic puts it , “ Tribune is the 800 - pound gorilla . ”
The company also has the power to relegate a story to obscurity merely by ignoring it .
Mayor Richard M. Daley , who has himself enjoyed nearly unchecked power in the city for almost two decades , acknowledged this when Tribune Co. all but ignored his favorite team , the Chicago White Sox , during its march to the 2005 World Series .
“ How can you compete with Tribune ? ” he asked .
“ I mean , give me a break .
They own the Cubs , they own wgn Radio [ and ] TV and cltv .
Come on .
You think you are going to get any publicity for the White Sox ?
You can ’t .
Let ’s be realistic . ”
And Tribune ’s ability to decide what becomes news goes far beyond baseball .
In 2000 , for instance , the Chicago Housing Authority announced the city ’s largest planning initiative since the urban renewal programs of the 1950s , proposing a 10 - year , $ 1.6 billion scheme to demolish 18,000 units of public housing , forcing thousands of families into the private market .
Local and federal agencies implemented the massive , controversial plan without significant public input , not even from public housing residents .
The project was ripe for investigation , yet Tribune ’s management did n’t take issue with it , and the Chicago Tribune and its media siblings barely took notice .
Almost 50 “ special reports ” are listed on the newspaper ’s website , yet not one concerns public housing .
This oversight was consistent with the paper ’s larger blind spot concerning issues affecting black Chicagoans , says local author and activist Jamie Kalven .
“ What about coverage of segregation ?
Or poverty ? ” he asks .
“ You ca n’t make up for that with a special report . ”
But is it truly possible for a company — no matter how large — to dominate a local market in the digital age ?
According to Tribune Co. executives , the company ’s editorial decisions have limited impact in Chicago because consumers there have an infinite number of additional news sources .
“ In an environment where people ’s choices for obtaining information have radically multiplied , there is no risk of one voice dominating the marketplace of ideas , ” Jack Fuller , then - president of Tribune ’s publishing division , told the Senate Commerce Committee in 2001 .
“ Today in clamorous cities such as Los Angeles , Chicago , and New York , it is frankly a challenge for any voice — no matter how booming — to get itself heard . ”
Yet Tribune has told a different story to investors .
Speaking to shareholders in 2005 , President and ceo Dennis Fitz Simons boasted that the company ’s “ varied media choices ” for Chicagoans reached 6.4 million people , or more than 90 percent of the market .
this is exactly the kind of imbalance the fcc had sought to prevent when it passed the 1975 newspaper - broadcast cross- ownership ban , and it ’s why Tribune Co. has long sought to roll back the rule .
The company spent billions acquiring properties that are only temporarily exempt from being found in violation of the ban — unless the fcc changes the rules first .
Between 1998 and 2005 , it spent $ 1.1 million on lobbying and more than $ 380,000 on political contributions , trying to convince lawmakers that its business model proved the rule unnecessary .
This strategy seemed brilliant when President Bush put Michael Powell in charge of the FCC in 2001 , giving him a mandate to clear away the agency ’s regulatory underbrush .
Powell , after all , had famously quipped that he did not know what “ the public interest ” meant .
“ The night after I was sworn in , I waited for a visit from the angel of the public interest , ” he told a crowd of executives in 1998 , after President Clinton appointed him to the commission .
“ I waited all night , but she did not come .
And , in fact , five months into this job , I still have had no divine awakening and no one has issued me my public interest crystal ball . ”
Breaking with precedent , Powell announced that the burden of proof no longer rested on the opponents of ownership limits , suggesting that most regulations were unnecessary unless it was otherwise demonstrated .
In June 2003 , he led a 3 - 2 party - line vote to relax cross-ownership restrictions .
( The commission also voted to significantly loosen television ownership caps . )
The decision was made in spite of the 3 million public comments that had flooded into the fcc , the overwhelming majority of them opposing deregulation .
“ Seldom have I seen a regulatory agency cave in so completely to the big economic interests , ” said Senator Byron Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) .
Trent Lott , his Republican colleague from Mississippi , stated simply , “ This is a mistake . ”
Powell may have been deaf to the public interest , but the courts were not .
A year later , the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals blocked his order , finding that although the fcc had the right to ease cross - ownership laws , it had not shown sufficient justification to do so .
It was a stunning blow to Powell , who announced his resignation nine months later , walking through the revolving door into a job at a media and telecommunications investment firm .
But repealing the ban still remains a holy grail for media companies , and the newspaper industry ’s bumpy entrance into the digital age has provided them with a new rationale .
Consolidation , they claim , is necessary to save newspapers , which otherwise can’t compete in the new economy .
In fact , falling circulation numbers and sinking stock prices notwithstanding , corporate executives ’ cries of impending poverty are exaggerated .
Newspaper chains routinely generate profit levels that most companies would kill for .
ExxonMobil topped the Fortune 500 list for 2005 , reporting 11 percent profit margins , while the average profit for the entire list was 5.9 percent .
That year , the top 13 publicly traded newspaper companies enjoyed average profit margins of 20 percent ; the 3 most financially successful chains , Gannett , McClatchy , and E.W. Scripps , earned around 25 percent margins .
The Tribune Co. ’s newspaper division earned 20 percent , as did the beleaguered Los Angeles Times .
And this during a year that analysts lamented as “ the industry ’s worst ” since the 2001 recession .
What newspaper executives do not exaggerate is the pressure they get from investment analysts and large shareholders , who demand extraordinary , constantly growing profit margins and punish companies that fail to achieve them .
But the newspaper chains themselves are partly responsible for setting unrealistic expectations .
During the ’70s and ’ 80s , Gannett developed what would become a popular formula for making papers more profitable :
Buy up a local newspaper , crush the competition , jack up ad rates , downsize the editorial staff ( and , if required , break the union ) , then watch earnings soar .
The cut - and - gut approach does not treat newspaper ownership as a public service , but rather as an investment in a commodity like any other .
This can make dumping papers an attractive option when profits sag or shareholders get antsy .
Last spring , the Knight Ridder chain succumbed to pressure from its largest private investor and sold off its entire lineup of 32 papers to the McClatchy Co. for more than $ 4 billion .
McClatchy then made a healthy profit flipping 12 of its new titles , including the well - respected Philadelphia Inquirer and San Jose Mercury News .
Then , in December , McClatchy reaped a $ 160 million tax write - off by selling its “ underperforming ” marquee paper , the Minneapolis Star Tribune .
The buyer , a private equity firm , had no experience running a newspaper .
“ They ’re buying cash flow and tax - benefits , ” an analyst told the New York Times .
“ It ’s not the sort of religious commitment that you hope to get from newspaper owners . ”
Obviously , the newspaper business is changing .
The Internet has made it harder to sustain high profit margins , not because readers are abandoning news but because publishers have not yet figured out how to make more money from their websites .
Until now , papers sustained themselves by selling a physical product and the ad space in it .
With online readers refusing to pay for what they read and web ads generating pennies on the dollar , the old model is collapsing .
As Jay R. Smith , president of Cox Newspapers , told Editor & Publisher , newspapers are “ finding whole new pockets of audiences for which they get no credit , ” clocking record - breaking readership figures if online traffic is included .
But online advertising will account for just 6 percent of newspapers ’ $ 50 billion in ad revenues in 2007 , the Newspaper Association of America predicts .
What ’s really at risk here is not the future of newspapers but of the news itself .
While our democratic culture could survive the loss of the daily paper as we know it , it would be endangered without the kinds of reporting that it provides .
It ’s the journalism , not the newsprint , that matters .
Even in the online era , more than 60 percent of Americans say they read a local newspaper daily or several times a week .
And with good reason :
Few of the cable channels and websites that newspaper chains claim as competitors actually provide original news and information .
Cable networks do virtually no local reporting of their own , and while bloggers do a good job exposing journalistic lapses , they generally are n’t doing the muckraking , beat reporting , and pavement pounding that generate news .
( See “ A Blogger Says : Save the msm ! “)
As the 3rd Circuit Court stated in its opinion upholding the cross - ownership ban , the Internet “ may be useful for finding restaurant reviews and concert schedules , ” but it does not offer “ the type of ‘ news and public affairs programming ' ” that public policies should promote .
fcc head kevin martin has suggested that “ newspaper - owned [ television ] stations provide more news and public affairs programming and also appear to provide higher quality programming , ” echoing the findings of a 2003 study by the Project for Excellence in Journalism .
However , the study did not examine what happens to the quality of newspapers after they merge with television stations .
From what I ’ve seen of these hybrid operations , the results are discouraging .
In the late 1990s , I spent two weeks inside Tribune Co. ’s famous Chicago office tower interviewing reporters and editors for a book about a local heat wave , but found that everyone wanted to talk instead about “ corporate synergies ” and “ cross - platform production . ”
The company had just started to require its newspaper staff to report breaking stories on its cable news station , cltv .
Many reporters were anxious about the new arrangement , which meant more work without more pay , and less time to do their regular jobs .
They were n’t comforted when managers announced that they were remodeling the newsroom to put a television studio directly outside the editor - in - chief ’s door .
These reporters recognized that technology was changing their industry , and most were eager to learn new digital skills and make the occasional TV appearance .
Their main concern was that as “ content providers , ” they were losing time for reporting , thinking , and writing — the essential ingredients of their craft — forcing them to churn out increasingly dumbed - down articles .
It did n’t help that their bosses had abandoned even a rhetorical commitment to newspaper journalism and the values it represents .
“ I am not the editor of a newspaper , ” Editor - in - Chief Howard Tyner told the American Journalism Review in 1998 , “ I am the manager of a content company . ”
Tyner ’s predecessor , James Squires , had already observed this shift .
“ Journalism , particularly newspaper journalism , has no real place in the company ’s future , ” he wrote after leaving the paper .
“ No one ever uses the word .
The company bills itself as an ‘ information and entertainment ’ conglomerate and hopes that newspapers will become a smaller factor in its total business . ”
Media General , a newspaper and television chain in the Southeast , became a leader in convergence journalism due to its long - standing ownership of the Tampa Tribune and nbc affiliate wfla .
In 2002 , I spent a week at its Tampa News Center , a cutting - edge facility where the newspaper , television , and web departments shared an editorial “ Superdesk ” that looked like the bridge of the starship Enterprise .
Although the Tampa market is considerably smaller than Chicago ’s or Los Angeles ’ , the News Center is one of the world ’s most technologically sophisticated and innovative convergence complexes , drawing visits from media executives eager to see the future of 21st - century news production .
Editors and reporters at the News Center were trained to constantly look for ways to make stories overlap in as many outlets as possible .
Every day , print , TV , and online editors held a 15 - minute “ convergence meeting ” to discuss shared projects .
And every month , the company ’s multimedia manager compiled a report that listed successful overlap and praised “ overt acts of convergence . ”
While the Superdesk enabled editors to do more with less , some Tampa Tribune reporters were finding themselves juggling competing demands .
I shadowed several print journalists who were pulled away from their desks to do short spots and longer stories for television .
While one was waiting to tape a shot , I asked her how she felt about the added work .
“ Well , ” she began , “ the good part is that it ’s fun , it ’s different , it ’s difficult , and it ’s interesting for me .
It ’s a break from my regular routine .
But a few weeks ago I did TV every day for two weeks .
And every day — when you spend 40 minutes writing the script , 20 minutes putting on makeup , 20 to 30 minutes taping , and then taking the makeup off — it takes , like , two hours to do the job .
That ’s two hours — a quarter of my day — and that does n’t help my reporting . ”
As their job descriptions required them to be more telegenic , some reporters feared that the norms of TV news production — short stories , soft features , celebrity journalism — were creeping into the print side .
These concerns reveal the vicious cycle that drives the newspaper business today : Slashing editorial content and standards may be a recipe for quick revenue , but it does n’t retain readers .
However , doing the meaningful , quality reporting that print and online readers expect is expensive .
And so each new round of convergence , downsizing , or outsourcing further erodes the product , paving the way for yet another round .
As Los Angeles Times columnist Tim Rutten commented last fall , “ A newspaper that is indifferent to its bottom line goes out of business ; a newspaper that thinks only of its bottom line has a business that is n’t worth saving . ”
He knew what he was writing about :
In October 2005 , as its circulation plummeted , the Times announced that it would attempt to regain readers by running shorter articles and more celebrity stories .
this is the choice that Kevin Martin , the Tribune Co. , and other advocates of continued media deregulation seem to be offering :
We must destroy our newspapers in order to save them .
It does n’t have to be this way .
Citizens , communities , and even a few media executives are beginning to make intriguing suggestions about how to reverse the course of radical deregulation and replenish the nation ’s supply of local media outlets .
Frank Blethen , whose family has owned and published the Seattle Times since 1896 , has been advocating newspaper ownership caps that would discourage chain journalism and create new opportunities for locally controlled dailies .
Grassroots organizations in several states , including California and Illinois , are calling for the fcc to put teeth back into the broadcast license - renewal process .
And radio enthusiasts , recalling the ’60s boom of free - spirited FM radio , are asking why radio and TV stations should not be required to air original programming on the 1,000 - plus new channels they will get on the digital spectrum .
SBCL 1.0.5.28 includes an experimental code coverage tool ( sb- cover ) as a new contrib module .
Basically you just need to compile your code with a special optimize proclamation , load it , run some tests , and then run a reporting utility .
The reporting utility will produce some html files .
One will contain an aggregate coverage report of your whole system , the others will show your source code transformed into angry fruit salad :
For a more substantial example , here 's the coverage output for the cl - ppcre test suite .
There are still some places where the coverage output wo n't be what most people would intuitively expect .
Some , like the handling of inlined functions , would be simple to solve .
It 's just not yet clear to me what the right solution would be .
For example in the case of inlined functions the right solution might be suppressing inlining when compiling with coverage instrumentation , or it might be to say " do n't do that , then " to the users .
Others are fundamentally unsolvable , due to the impossibility of reliably mapping the forms that the compiler sees back to the exact character position in the source file .
Hopefully this 'll still turn out to be useful in its current state .
If you have any suggestions for improvements , I 'd love to hear them .
Enemy Of The State – The Catherine Fitts Story ( 1 )
Editors Note :
This is part one of an account of the extraordinary story of Maverick US Banker Catherine Austin Fitts , and new occasional contributor to Scoop .
See also ... Enemy Of The State – The Catherine Fitts Story ( 2 ) for an update on what happened next ...
BUSHWHACKED HUD Fraud , Spooks and the Slumlords of Harvard
by Uri Dowbenko
First Published In The Conspiracy Digest
Catherine Austin Fitts is still trying to figure out what happened .
Her company , Hamilton Securities , Inc. , was the lead financial advisor to the US Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) .
Hamilton was hired to manage the sales of $ 10 billion worth of mortgages on houses , apartment buildings and nursing homes .
By all accounts , Hamilton 's new program was a resounding success .
In fact , the HUD loan sales program team was even given a Hammer Award for Excellence in Re-engineering Government by Vice President Al Gore 's Reinventing Government Initiative .
By cutting red tape and improving the resale value of HUD owned mortgages , Hamilton Securities was a case study of a public - private partnership that saved US taxpayers lots of money .
Until ...
The firm was ambushed by a series of lawsuits , audits and unsubstantiated rumors which destroyed the business .
Catherine Austin Fitts -- Maverick Banker
In the arcane but stodgy world of investment banking , Catherine Austin Fitts is a revolutionary .
Before founding her own firm , Fitts , a Wharton graduate , was the first woman to be promoted to managing director of Dillon , Read and Co , Inc. , the prototypical elitist men's club Wall Street investment bank .
To her credit , Fitts was instrumental in building a new market for Dillon Read .
She began underwriting previously unrated municipal bonds , in essence , financing large government projects which other Wall Street firms said could n't be done .
These novel bond sales helped revive New York City 's crumbling subway system , and they provided funding for the City University of New York and other major projects .
The market in unrated and low - rated muni bonds took off , earning Fitts the title of " Wonder Woman of Muni Bonds , " in a glowing Business Week article ( February 23 , 1987 ) .
In 1989 , she was asked to become the Federal Housing Administrator under HUD Secretary Jack Kemp .
Fitts moved to Washington to undertake the monumental task of reforming the scandal - ridden , fraud - plagued agency .
After her stint in government , she was invited to be a Governor of the Federal Reserve Board .
She declined .
Instead she founded Hamilton Securities Group , an employee - owned investment banking firm , which created an innovative system for saving taxpayers billions of dollars in the sale of government - guaranteed mortgage - loan sales from HUD .
By promoting open disclosure in the HUD financial transactions , Fitts undoubtedly , and unknowingly , must have stepped on a lot of toes .
The Crony Capitalists ( or Old Boys ' Network -- or the Octopus ) must have seen Hamilton 's program of financial transparency as a major threat to their system of bid rigging and insider trading .
HUD Cost Savings Lead to Hamilton 's Demise
In this extremely complex case , newly disclosed evidence indicates that powerful forces conspired to destroy the financial equity of employee - owned Hamilton Securities , as well as the personal life savings of the firm 's president , Catherine Austin Fitts .
Why ?
Because Hamilton Securities had opened up the market for defaulted HUD mortgages .
In simple terms , the established network of insiders would be susceptible to -- horrors ! -- open competition , not to mention an entire universe of new bidders .
In fact , Hamilton 's plan for optimization of sales of defaulted mortgages resulted in a savings of over $ 2.2 billion for US taxpayers .
The numbers are staggering .
Every year HUD issues about $ 70 billion of mortgage insurance which guarantees the mortgages used to finance homes , apartment buildings , nursing homes , assisted living facilities and hospitals .
HUD then pays out about $ 6 billion on claims for defaulted mortgages , which the agency has to then manage at great cost to taxpayers .
Prior to Hamilton 's involvement , HUD was recovering about 35 cents on the dollar of mortgage insurance payments made on defaulted mortgages .
When Hamilton instituted their new program , HUD 's recovery rate soared to about 70 to 90 cents on the dollar .
How ?
Hamilton introduced a proprietary optimization bidding software and an on - line database of information , accessible to all investors , so that the defaulted portfolio could be bid upon in an open auction .
In October 1997 , the Chairman of one Congressional oversight committee referred to the Hamilton - based loan sales at HUD as generating " eye- popping " yields .
In fact from 1994 - 97 , HUD saved about $ 2.2 billion in HUD 's $ 12 billion mortgage portfolio .
These savings then allowed HUD to issue far more new mortgage insurance at a lower cost .
When Hamilton 's successful loan sales - auction program was suspended due to the investigation , the old levels of government inefficiency and fraud were resumed .
Call it " Business As Usual . "
That means HUD is now losing about $ 4 billion per year on its $ 6 billion of defaulted mortgages -- instead of just $ 2 billion .
That 's the equivalent of 20,000 taxpayers working their whole lives to pay for this boondoggle for just one year .
Anatomy of a Corporate Murder
Targeted by criminal elements in the Department of Justice ( DoJ ) , Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) , as well as a cartel of private investment companies , Hamilton Securities has undergone an onslaught of unimaginable harassment and intimidation .
There had been a SWAT - like attack on Hamilton 's office in Washington , 19 audits , countless subpoenas as well as ongoing litigation against HUD to force them to pay monies owed on their contract .
It 's been a 4 - year long financially and emotionally draining " investigation . "
To date , there has been no evidence of any wrongdoing -- just rumors , innuendo , and lots of character assassination .
First , in June 1996 , a sealed qui tam lawsuit , a phoney whistle - blower suit , as well as a Bivens action was filed by John Ervin of Ervin & Associates , Inc. , a HUD subcontractor , notorious for filing nuisance lawsuits and " bid protests " -- 37 of them in the recent past .
In the Bivens suit , he sued HUD itself , as well as several former HUD officials personally .
In fact , Ervin 's lawsuits have cost a good - sized fortune in legal fees and overhead , estimated -- from 1995 to date -- to be as high as $ 40 to $ 50 million .
An insider claims that during that time Ervin had up to 17 in - house personnel working full time on mountains of paperwork regarding this and other cases .
So who 's bankrolling Ervin ?
Nobody has offered any explanations , but for a small time HUD sub - contractor like Ervin , this has turned out to be a serious investment .
Under the False Claims Act , a private party like Ervin , who files suit on behalf of the government , can receive 15 - 30 % of any recovery , if the government 's claim is successful .
That percentage ( 15 - 30 % ) would have covered asset seizures of up to $ 4.7 billion of loan sales won by Goldman Sachs and its partners .
Is somebody just playing the odds ?
In this version of government " greenmail " , or state - sponsored extortion , any asset seizures could be part of this 15 to 30 % bounty .
The Spooky Life of Stanley Sporkin
Then , it just so happened that the judge presiding over the Hamilton case was the former CIA Counsel -- Federal Judge Stanley Sporkin ( recently retired ) .
According to Rodney Stich , author of " Defrauding America , " " Sporkin was involved with the 1980 October Surprise scheme and his judicial appointment was probably his reward by the Reagan - Bush administration for helping carry it out , and to block any judicial exposure or prosecution action . "
( The October Surprise was the Reagan - Bush black - ops / covert action to delay the release of the hostages in Iran , resulting in the electoral victory of Reagan as US President . )
Sporkin was appointed to the bench by Ronald Reagan in 1985 .
His spooky roots , however , go back to the days when he was a director of the SEC's Division of Enforcement , while the infamous Bill Casey was practicing his Wall Street shakedown techniques as Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Sporkin's other claim to fame was to encourage Casey to go after the infamous scamster Robert Vesco .
Was Vesco more competition -- or just another freelancer ?
Casey , who like George H. W. Bush , neglected or " forgot " to put his assets in a blind trust later also became director of CIA .
His shares -- controlling stock in Capitol Cities Communications -- were eventually used to take over ABC in a $ 3.5 billion merger deal .
In the words of Joseph Persico , author of " Casey " , " the director of the Central Intelligence Agency was soon to be a substantial shareholder in one of the country 's major forums of free expression , with wondrous opportunity for managing the news . "
Also according to Persico , Casey further employed Sporkin 's specious reasoning by claiming that killing " suspected terrorists " was not murder .
Reagan 's infamous Executive Order 12333 which privatized US National Security State dirty tricks was ostensibly the reason .
" Striking at terrorists planning to strike at you was not assassination , " wrote Persico referring to Sporkin 's logic , " it was ' preemptive self - defense . ' "
Then Sporkin became the general counsel for the CIA ( 1981 - 86 ) and his mastery of coverup skills increased dramatically .
For instance , in keeping the Oliver North Cocaine Trafficking Operation under wraps , it was Sporkin who invented another ingenious method of lying by omission .
Persico writes that " North 's insistence that the oversight committees be cut out troubled the CIA people .
But the adroit Sporkin found a loophole .
The President was required to inform the oversight committees of a covert action presumably in advance of the action , except when the urgency of the situation required that notification be delayed . "
Result ?
Everybody was notified 48 hours after the operation .
According to Persico , Sporkin also perfected the techniques of writing retroactive " findings " for Congress , so that CIA criminality could always be disguised or covered up -- after the fact .
Stich concludes that " to protect the incoming Reagan - Bush teams and many of the federal officials and others who took part in October Surprise , the Reagan - Bush team placed people , including those implicated in the activities , in control of key federal agencies and the federal courts .
Some , like attorneys Stanley Sporkin , Lawrence Silberman , and Lowell Jensen were appointed to the federal bench defusing any litigation arising from the October Surprise or its many tentacles ...
Organized crime never had it so good . "
Ironic Postscript Dept. : In Feb .
2000 , retired spooky judge Stanley Sporkin ( Yale Law School , 1957 ) joined the global powerhouse law firm Weil , Gotshal & Manges LLP .
The company , which boasts 750 attorneys in 12 offices worldwide , is considered one of the leading law firms in the country on bankruptcy .
The Hamilton Bushwhack
In the Hamilton Securities case , Sporkin 's claim to fame is that he managed to illegally keep a qui tam lawsuit sealed for almost 4 years .
That could be a " judicial " record .
In August 1996 , an investigation against Hamilton was initiated by HUD Inspector General Susan Gaffney , serving two subpoenas on the company -- and incidentally failing to tell Hamilton about the existence of the qui tam as required by law .
The subpoenas demanded hundreds of thousands of documents , mostly HUD documents that HUD already had , or that had been supplied to them as part of the ongoing work -- a clear case of burying Hamilton in paperwork as more ongoing harassment .
At the same time , a HUD audit team from Denver had completed a favorable audit of Hamilton 's program .
When Fitts asked HUD IG Gaffney whether she intended to " bury the Denver audit , " Gaffney huffed back , " How dare you suggest that I would do any such thing ?
That would be unethical . "
In fact , she did exactly that .
Susan Gaffney never allowed the publication of the Denver Audit team 's report which exonerated all of Hamilton 's methodology and results .
Then , at the same time , a smear campaign against Hamilton was being waged through a " US News and World Report " hatchet - job article about HUD Secretary Henry Cisneros and the loan sales program .
According to Fitts , the lead reporter had been assured " at the highest levels " of the HUD Inspector General 's office that Hamilton Securities and Fitts were the subject of a criminal investigation and were guilty of criminal violations .
There was no evidence , however , either offered by HUD or published by the magazine , and these false allegation also died with the passage of time .
In a bizarre double - bind mentality , HUD and DoJ -- in a separate court and with a different judge -- had taken the position that the Ervin lawsuit was without merit -- even while Hamilton 's legal costs climbed into the millions of dollars .
The Dirty Fingerprints of Lee Radek
In December 1997 , Hamilton wrote a letter to the President 's Council on Integrity & Efficiency ( PCIE ) , a committee in the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) , to investigate HUD IG Susan Gaffney 's conduct .
Hamilton 's four - page highly detailed letter to Neil J. Gallagher , Acting Assistant Director of the FBI 's Criminal Investigative Division and Chairperson of PCIE was blunt .
" The HUD IG has crossed the line in its investigation of Hamilton , which was begun in response to complaints from Ervin & Associates , a disgruntled HUD contractor , " wrote Fitts .
" The IG 's wide - ranging and unfocused " fishing expedition " against Hamilton has failed to produce findings of wrongdoing and threatens the survival of the firm .
The repeated leaking to the press of proprietary and confidential information that only the HUD IG could know and the intervention of other Federal Agencies [ IRS , FDIC ] into Hamilton 's affairs constitute a campaign of smear , slander and intimidation that should be investigated and stopped . "
Fitts wrote about many incidents of intimidation and harassment which " demonstrate or suggest that the HUD IG is deliberately leaking information to the press about its investigation of Hamilton .
These leaks represent serious and persistent breaches of confidentiality , unethical and unlawful behavior and violations of Hamilton 's constitutional rights . "
PCIE declined to investigate .
In her next letter to Gallagher in February 1998 , Fitts wrote that " since the filing of our complaint , the Hamilton Securities Group Inc. and all of its subsidiaries have been rendered insolvent ...
In the face of eighteen months of Inspector General ' lynch mobbing ' we have exhausted our reserves and have no means to continue an investigation that has no end ... "
After another refusal by PCIE to investigate , Hamilton filed a Freedom of Information Action ( FOIA ) for the files .
The files revealed a heavily redacted letter signed by the Lead Coverup Meister himself -- Lee Radek , head of the Department of Justice 's ironically named " Office of Public Integrity . "
In a letter dated April 3 , 1998 addressed to Thomas J. Piccard , Chairman of the Integrity Committee of the PCIE , Radek wrote " C. Austin Fitts , President of the Hamilton Securities Group , Inc. sent the IC a copy of a civil complaint filed by Hamilton Securities against HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo , Assistant Secretary Nicolas Retsinas and Inspector General Susan Gaffney .
The complaint alleged that HUD 's OIG investigation of Hamilton and improper media leaks by the OIG about the investigation was causing Hamilton to go out of business ...
After reviewing the letter and the attachments , the Public Integrity Section concludes that the allegations in the complaint do not provide sufficient information to warrant a criminal investigation . "
The rest of the page -- seven inches of what used to be text -- is blacked out .
For the record , US Department of Justice apparatchik Lee Radek has held a virtual stranglehold on DoJ " investigations , " consistently covering up the criminal activities of the Clinton Administration .
As a linchpin in the corrupt DoJ , he has had many opportunities to coverup crimes and block inquiries -- and he has taken full advantage of his position as a Federal - Mob " enforcer . "
It 's an ironic twist of fate , then , that Neil Gallagher -- the FBI staff member of PCIE , whose job it was to investigate allegations against Susan Gaffney -- and Lee Radek appeared together in May 2000 before a Congressional hearing -- as antagonists .
Gallagher affirmed in public testimony that Radek was indeed under pressure from US Attorney General Janet Reno to stall any investigation into the Clinton - Gore campaign fund raising scandals .
Unsealing the Lawsuit
Finally in May 2000 , US District Judge Louis F. Oberdorfer unsealed the qui tam lawsuit against Hamilton -- and surprise ! -- the DoJ decided not to pursue the groundless claims .
The suit was filed in June 1996 , and DoJ 's decision not to intervene in this case came after a 1,400 day so - called " investigation " -- or 1,340 days longer than the 60 days mandated by the Federal False Claims Act .
Hamilton Securities maintained that the allegations in the complaint were not true , and there was no evidence to support the false allegations .
In fact , HUD security procedures and overlapping levels of review associated with the open bidding process made the alleged bid rigging and insider trading impossible .
This was corroborated by HUD 's own audits .
The sources for the alleged bid rigging in Ervin 's complaint , kept under court seal for almost four years , included Jeff Parker of the Cargill Group , Terry R. Dewitt of J - Hawk ( First City Financial Corporation of Waco , Texas , and a Cargill investment and joint venture partner ) , and Michael Nathans of Penn Capital Corporation .
The Waco - Cargill Connection
In retrospect , Hamilton must have been a major threat to the nation - wide money laundering and financial fraud network which uses government - guaranteed mortgages and other programs to scam US taxpayers .
The formerly secret sources of the false allegations against Hamilton have some interesting connections .
SEC documents state that First City Financial Corporation ( FCFC ) of Waco , Texas started business in 1986 " purchasing distressed assets from FDIC and RTC . "
Another subsidiary , First City Commercial Corp. was used to " acquire portfolios of distressed loans " -- another hallmark of the standard money laundry operation .
According to the Houston Business Journal ( Sept. 24 , 1999 ) , " First City Bancorporation , once one of Houston 's largest bank holding companies , was acquired out of bankruptcy in 1995 by J - Hawk Corp of Waco and renamed First City Financial Corp . "
" FCFC began its relationship with Cargill Financial Services Corp. in 1991 , " according to the company 's SEC filings .
" Since that time , the Company and Cargill Financial have formed a series of Acquisition Partnerships through which they have jointly acquired over $ 3.2 billion in Face Value of distressed assets .
By the end of 1994 , the Company had grown to nine offices with over 180 professionals and had acquired portfolios with assets in virtually every state . "
But then -- and now comes the sad part --- the mortgage banking subsidiary of First City Financial Corporation , Harbor Financial Group Inc. , filed for bankruptcy ( Oct. , 1999 ) , just as the notorious Denver - based money laundry , M&L Business Machines , had done years before .
The corporate shell game of mergers , acquisitions and liquidation is obviously in full play in this scenario .
The other false accuser listed -- Cargill Financial Services Corp. , -- on the other hand , is a subsidiary of Cargill , the Minneapolis - based global agribusiness cartel and the world 's largest privately - held company .
Cargill is a mega - corporate international merchant of agricultural , industrial and financial commodities , and it operates in 59 countries , has 82,000 employees , and about $ 50 billion in annual sales .
The financial subsidiary , Access Financial Holdings Corp. , was formed to " manage the housing finance business " and " provide residential real estate mortgages , " an unregulated arena in which money laundering is often the real business .
And here 's the punch line in this revolving - door - syndrome joke of the Criminal Big Government - Big Business Syndicate .
The lead law firm listed on First City Financial 's 1998 registration statement is Weil Gotshal -- former spooky judge Stanley Sporkin 's new employer .
Whistle - Blower Stew Webb's Perspective
Federal whistle - blower Stewart Webb thinks he knows why Catherine Austin Fitts and her company , Hamilton Securities , were bushwhacked .
In fact , he believes that her operation was a direct threat to the " Denver Boys " -- the Bush Crime Family 's money laundering operation based in Denver .
Why was she targeted ?
" Because she had set up a company which was showing the government how to save money through competitive loan sales programs , " explains Webb .
" It was a threat to [ Leonard ] Millman in Denver .
Because they were in control of the mortgage program . "
Webb is referring to the many HUD low - income housing - based frauds and scandals in Denver .
He claims that one of their proxies was John Ervin himself .
" He had his own office in Denver , " says Webb .
" One of the biggest supplies of money to these boys is the money they 're stealing from HUD .
They are still robbing HUD like nobody 's business . "
" That 's a massive covert revenue stream for them , " continues Webb .
" As of last year , they became the largest apartment owner in the United States .
AIMCO .
That 's Millman and Company in Denver . "
Apartment Investment and Management Co. ( AIMCO ) is one of the largest real estate investment trusts , or REITs , in the the US with headquarters in Denver , Colorado and 36 regional offices .
AIMCO operates about 1,834 properties , including about 385,000 apartment units nationwide in every state except Vermont .
AIMCO is the successor to the Considine Co , . founded in 1975 , by Terry Considine .
It was then re-organized as a real estate investment trust and became a public company through an initial stock offering in July 1994 .
In an article called " HUD , AIMCO Clash Over Housing " ( Denver Business Journal , May 8 , 1998 ) , AIMCO was excoriated by affordable - housing advocates for taking 90,000 low - income ( " affordable housing " ) apartments -- bought from HUD at below market rates -- and converting them into higher end properties , thereby displacing poor renters .
According to the article , " the revamping also involves upgrading bare - bones properties built with federal funds two decades ago which will allow AIMCO to boost rents . "
AIMCO has also gobbled up Washington DC - based apartment manager NHP , Inc. , Ambassador Apartments , a Chicago - based REIT , and the apartment portion of Insignia Financial Group .
Since AIMCO is the nation 's largest owner of affordable housing and the sole provider of such homes in many markets , the implications are ominous .
More homeless people on the streets are a sure bet .
The Harvard - Bush Connection
Since historically the Chinese Opium Trade and the African Slave Trade have provided the financial foundation for the Boston " Bluebloods , " it should come as no surprise that the Harvard Endowment Fund and the Harvard Management Corporation are involved in what can be characterized as shady enterprise at best -- or criminal activity at worst .
In 1989 , the Harvard Endowment Fund , became the 50 % owner of HUD subsidy ( Section 8 ) and non-subsidy apartment buildings through its purchase of NHP , an apartment management firm , headed by Roderick Heller III .
Since their plan was to do an Initial Public Offering ( IPO ) or a merger for NHP , they tried to run up the value by aggressive acquisition of more apartments , preferably with HUD issued mortgage insurance which could be defaulted on -- with little or no consequence .
Unfortunately for Harvard , HUD had initiated its new open - disclosure and performance - based auction under the direction of Hamilton Securities .
When the private market firms battled it out , Harvard was outbid by GE , Goldman Sachs and Black Rock and its sour grapes apparently turned to vengeance .
In 1996 , according to Fitts , Rod Heller told her that the government had a " moral obligation " to him and his investors ( Harvard Endowment ) to renew or roll over the subsidies with them to maintain their profits .
In other words , an open auction - free marketplace was not acceptable to the Harvard Boys , since they were operating their business of HUD - backed corporate welfare - subsidies under what Heller claimed was " an understood handshake . "
The HUD portfolio of distressed properties had traditionally been managed to derive profits for private business -- like Harvard Endowment Fund -- and not the US taxpayers .
Since Harvard was used to rigging profits through politics , not fair business practices , it started losing income because there were less management fees and the value of its stock started going down .
In 1991 , Harvard and Heller asked Fitts to do an investment bank with them .
At the last minute , Harvard Management Company honcho Michael R. Eisenson told her he wanted 20 % of her new company 's stock , and the deal was shattered .
On the first large HUD loan sale , Eisenson complained to Fitts , " I do n't like this " -- referring to Hamilton 's use of optimization software to auction HUD mortgages -- " because the only way we can win is by paying more than our competitors .
We prefer a bid process where we can win by ' gaming it ' because we are ' smarter . ' "
For those unfamiliar with Soviet ( or is it Harvard - Mob ? ) terminology , " smarter " is code language for saying " we can rig it . "
And " gaming it " means finding a way of manipulating the players to get control of them , rather than using the competitive process of free market capitalism .
Eisenson was obviously quite at home with the proverbial " fix . "
And who is Mike Eisenson ?
He was the lead investor who eventually sold Harvard 's share of NHP to the Denver - based AIMCO .
His other claim to fame is that he was on the board of directors of the infamous Harken Energy which rigged an insider stock deal on behalf of George W. Bush -- not coincidentally a Harvard grad .
In 1986 , a small company called Spectrum 7 ( George W. Bush , Chairman and CEO ) was acquired by Harken Energy Corp .
After Bush joined Harken , the largest stock position and seat on its board was acquired by Harvard Management Co .
The oil and gas , real estate and private equity portion of Harvard Endowment also acquired .
Warren Buffet 's position in NHP , one of the largest owners of HUD Section 8 subsidized properties in 1989 .
Then the Hamilton Securities initiated HUD loan sales were slowed down and cancelled , and , of course , Harvard 's capital gains were ensured through an IPO of NHP and through a sale to AIMCO .
The Harken Board gave the Junior Bush $ 600,000 worth of company stock , plus a seat on the board , plus a consultancy worth $ 120,000 a year -- despite suffering losses of more than $ 12 million dollars against revenues of $ 1 billion in 1989 .
In 1987 when creditors were threatening to foreclose , the Junior Bush himself made a trip to Arkansas to meet criminal - banking kingpin Jackson Stephens , whose Stephens Inc. arranged financing for the faltering Harken Energy from a subsidiary of the Unon Bank of Switzerland ( UBS ) .
Stephens Inc , of course , had ties to the notorious CIA money laundry bank , the Bank of Credit and Commerce International ( BCCI ) , where drug trafficking and arms - smuggling profits mingled freely with looted S&L and fraud - scam proceeds .
Then 1990 Bahrain awarded an exclusive drilling rights contract to Harken and the Bass brothers added more equity to the deal .
Six months later George Bush Jr. sold off 212,140 shares grossing him $ 848,560 .
When Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait the Harken stock dropped suddenly .
The SEC was not notified , and no action for insider trading was taken against the Junior Bush .
Why ?
SEC chairman Richard Breeden was a faithful Bush loyalist .
Today Eisenson , formerly one of the lead investors in NHP and Harken and one of the primary portfolio managers of Harvard Management , runs a private equity portfolio called Charlesbank Capital Partners LLC , Boston which manages $ 1.4 billion in real estate investments for the Harvard Endowment .
One of the partners of a company doing business with NHP , Scott Nordheimer actually admitted to Fitts in June 1996 -- " We tried to get you fired through the White House and that did n't work .
So now the Big Boys got together , and you 're going to jail . "
Shortly thereafter the qui tam lawsuit with the bogus whistle - blower charges was filed against Hamilton .
In this complicated story , there 's another part of the puzzle which needs exposure .
The Hamilton Bushwhack involved Cargill personnel falsely accusing the following companies of financial improprieties : Hamilton Securities , as well as investment bankers Goldman Sachs and Black Rock Financial , a subsidiary of PNC .
Goldman Sachs has been touted as one of the largest contributors to the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton - Gore Presidential Campaign .
Was the Hamilton Bushwhack just another outward sign of a covert power struggle ?
Because of its implications , it had the potential to lead to Clinton 's impeachment on serious fund raising violations -- a much more significant charge than the Monica Lewinsky Sexcapades used in the Ken Starr Coverup .
More Spooky Harvard Connections
The key to the mystery of the Hamilton Bushwhack may ultimately be found in the relationship between 1 ) government guaranteed / insured mortgages , 2 ) asset seizure / forfeitures , and 3 ) the private companies whose profits derive from an inside track with both government programs .
More lucrative than mere corporate subsidies , there are entire segments of mega - business which depend on these government insider deals .
For example , besides Harvard , the other primary investor in apartment management company NHP was Capricorn Investments and Herbert S. " Pug " Winokur , Jr .
Winokur , former Executive Vice President and Director of Penn Central Corp , CEO of Capricorn Holdings Inc. and managing partner of three Capricorn Investors Limited Partnerships , is one of those insiders who may have benefited from the outrageous assault on Hamilton 's open bid auction for defaulted HUD mortgages .
Not incidentally , from 1988 to 1997 , because of his large investments , Winokur was also the Chairman and CEO of DynCorp , a US government contractor whose customers include Department of Defense , NASA , Department of State , EPA , Center for Disease Control , National Institute of Health , the US Postal Service and other US Government agencies .
Most importantly , according to SEC registration documents ( S - 1 ) , DynCorp is the prime servicer on the Department of Justice Asset Forfeiture Fund , having procured a five year contract with the Department of Justice worth $ 217 million from 1993 to 1998 .
This 1000 person contract required staffing at over 300 locations in the US and involved support of DoJ 's drug - related asset seizure program .
According to SEC documents , DynCorp 's personnel supports " US Attorney Offices that are responsible for administering the federal asset forfeiture laws . "
In other words , DynCorp could have profited first from a successful seizure of HUD loan sales .
Then , DynCorp could have also profited from HUD " Operation Safe Home " seizures , which target low - income tenants , mortgage holders and apartment owners .
And , since the company has the expertise and personnel , DynCorp could also have targeted these communities with private surveillance teams and non-lethal weapons to effect asset seizures using the phoney War on Drugs as a rationale .
By all accounts , there is at least a major conflict of interest in Winokur 's investments in HUD low income housing and his role in Department of Justice seizures .
Imagine -- if you 're Winokur , you can make money on defaulted HUD mortgages , guaranteed by US taxpayers , as well as by kicking out low - income housing tenants because of drug - related " asset seizures . "
The criminal - corporate - government scams do n't get any better .
In the case of Hamilton 's open - bid auction process on defaulted HUD mortgages , the potential $ 4.7 billion seizure of HUD loan sales would have been a major plum for DynCorp as the prime servicer of the DoJ Asset Forfeiture Fund .
By the way , Winokur also had the " foresight " not to board the ill - fated flight to war - torn Yugoslavia , which took Secretary of Commerce Ron Brown 's life .
There are other spooky connections .
According to Newsweek ( Feb. 15 , 1999 ) , Reston , Virginia based DynCorp is a $ 1.3 billion firm , which also trains police in Haiti and works on coca eradication in Colombia , where three of its American pilots have died since 1997 .
Reliable sources allege this shadowy outfit may be a CIA - military proprietary , in other words , a privatized entity useful for " plausible deniability . "
At any rate , it also provides " Yankee Mercenaries " for the Colombian campaign against drug trafficking .
Employing about 30 US Vietnam War veterans , DynCorp has a $ 600 million contract to run and maintain the planes and helicopters used in " anti-drug " efforts in Peru , Bolivia and Colombia , according to the World Press Review ( Nov. 1 , 1998 ) .
Postscript : Who says ( corporate ) crime does n't pay ?
According to the Harvard University Gazette , in June 2000 , Herbert S. Winokur Jr. was named to join the seven - member Harvard Corporation , the University 's executive governing board .
Doing Business with the Feds
Imagine having to wait more than 4 years to get paid on an invoice .
For more than $ 2 million .
From the US Government .
That , in short , is what happened to Hamilton Securities .
Doing business with the US Federal Government should come with a warning label .
WARNING : Saving money for the taxpayers can be hazardous to your health .
" HUD is withholding about $ 2 million of funds owed to Hamilton for services performed for HUD , " says Hamilton 's President Catherine Austin Fitts .
" We also understand that this with - holding is at the request of the Justice Department and the HUD Investigator General . "
" As the lead investment banker on $ 10 billion of loan sales , we have been able to preserve the integrity of these transactions .
We intend to take whatever steps necessary to recover our shareholders " and employees value as we have done for the US taxpayers .
The unsealing of the qui tam lawsuit should free HUD to meet its outstanding contractual obligations to Hamilton as quickly as possible . "
Toward a Positive Future
And what is Catherine Austin Fitts doing now ?
Besides trying to recover her life , she 's moving ahead with her new company called Solari Inc. , and her vision , the Solari Investment Model , community - based programs for local equity building and investment .
" Solari is an investment advisory service , which plans to re engineer investment and financial structures at a local level , so that new technology can be integrated into communities to increase jobs and ownership , " says Fitts .
" Over the last ten years , we have prototyped a substantial number of transactions , venture capital and portfolio strategy to determine the ideal way to refinance communities in the stock market , " she continues .
" Our intention is to create a fund which can finance local development -- and maintain local control -- through an investment model geared for breakthrough transformations with individual , organizational and community change . "
Her far - reaching vision is an inspiration .
" By creating one or two Solari Stock Corporations ( one for real estate and one for venture capital ) through a community offering , and swapping non-voting stock for outstanding debt , " says Fitts , " the community can lower short term debt service and realign interests between numerous constituents who can be positioned in a win- win financial model . "
The problem , in one sense , is simple .
The old model -- the Soviet - inspired centralized command & control system which rules Washington , its agencies and the beltway bandits feeding at the trough of corporate subsidies -- must give way to the new paradigm of the neighborhood investment model .
It 's a foregone conclusion : the corrupt system which guarantees profits to insiders will be swept into the ashcan of history , just as the Soviet Union and its proxies ' brand of communism has been discredited forever .
It 's just a matter of time .
In the end -- by building an alignment between spirituality and the material world -- Catherine Austin Fitts believes that " everyone can prosper through actions which integrate our spiritual principles in the material world in which we live and work . "
For more information of the Solari Model of Investment and community - based profitability , click on http://www.solari.com.
Copyright 2000 Uri Dowbenko .
All Rights Reserved .
- Uri Dowbenko can be reached by e-mail at u.dowbenko@mailcity.com DON'T ACCEPT THE LIES
Read the Real News on
Alternative Media -- * Al Martin Raw .
Criminal Govt Conspiracy .
http://www.almartinraw.com
* Conspiracy Planet .
Alternative News & History Network .
http://www.conspiracyplanet.com
* Steamshovel Press .
All Conspiracy .
No Theory .
http://www.steamshovelpress.com
* Conspiracy Digest .
Real News That Connects the Dots ...
http://www.conspiracydigest.com
© Scoop Media
One of the Linux command line tools I had initially under - estimated is netcat or just nc .
By default , netcat creates a TCP socket either in listening mode ( server socket ) or a socket that is used in order to connect to a server ( client mode ) .
Actually , netcat does not care whether the socket is meant to be a server or a client .
All it does is to take the data from stdin and transfer it to the other end across the network .
The simplest example of its usage is to create a server - client chat system .
Although this is a very primitive way to chat , it shows how netcat works .
In the following examples it is assumed that the machine that creates the listening socket ( server ) has the 192.168.0.1 IP address .
So , create the chat server on this machine and set it to listen to 3333 TCP port :
$ nc -l 3333
On the other end , connect to the server with the following :
$ nc 192.168.0.1 3333
In this case , the keyboard acts as the stdin .
Anything you type in the server machine ’s terminal is transfered to the client machine and vice - versa .
Transfering Files
In the very same way it can be used to transfer files between two computers .
You can create a server that serves the file with the following :
$ cat backup.iso | nc -l 3333
Receive backup.iso on the client machine with the following :
$ nc 192.168.0.1 3333 > backup.iso
As you may have noticed , netcat does not show any info about the progress of the data transfer .
This is inconvenient when dealing with large files .
In such cases , a pipe - monitoring utility like pv can be used to show a progress indicator .
For example , the following shows the total amount of data that has been transfered in real - time on the server side :
$ cat backup.iso | pv -b | nc -l 3333
Of course , the same can be implemented on the client side by piping netcat ’s output through pv :
$ nc 192.168.0.1 3333 | pv -b > backup.iso
Other Examples
Netcat is extremely useful for creating a partition image and sending it to a remote machine on - the - fly :
$ dd if=/ dev/hdb5 | gzip - 9 | nc -l 3333
On the remote machine , connect to the server and receive the partition image with the following command :
$ nc 192.168.0.1 3333 | pv -b > myhdb5partition.img.gz
This might not be as classy as the partition backups using partimage , but it is efficient .
Another useful thing is to compress the critical files on the server machine with tar and have them pulled by a remote machine :
$ tar - czf - /etc/ | nc -l 3333
As you can see , there is a dash in the tar options instead of a filename .
This is because tar ’s output needs to be passed to netcat .
On the remote machine , the backup is pulled in the same way as before :
$ nc 192.168.0.1 3333 | pv -b > mybackup.tar.gz
Security
It is obvious that using netcat in the way described above , the data travels in the clear across the network .
This is acceptable in case of a local network , but , in case of transfers across the internet , then it would be a wise choice to do it through an SSH tunnel .
Using an SSH tunnel has two advantages :
The data is transfered inside an encrypted tunnel , so it is well - protected .
You do not need to keep any open ports in the firewall configuration of the machine that will act as the server , as the connections will take place through SSH .
You pipe the file to a listening socket on the server machine in the same way as before .
It is assumed that an SSH server runs on this machine too .
$ cat backup.iso | nc -l 3333
On the client machine connect to the listening socket through an SSH tunnel :
$ ssh -f -L 23333:127.0.0.1:3333 me@192.168.0.1 sleep 10 ; \ nc 127.0.0.1 23333 | pv -b > backup.iso
This way of creating and using the SSH tunnel has the advantage that the tunnel is automagically closed after file transfer finishes .
For more information and explanation about it please read my article about auto - closing SSH tunnels .
Telnet - like Usage
Netcat can be used in order to talk to servers like telnet does .
For example , in order to get the definition of the word “ server ” from the “ WordNet ” database at the dict.org dictionary server , I ’d do :
$ nc dict.org 2628 220 .............. some WELCOME ..... DEFINE wn server 150 1 definitions retrieved 151 " server " wn " WordNet ( r ) 2.0 " server n 1 : a person whose occupation is to serve at table ( as in a restaurant ) [ syn : { waiter} ] 2 : ( court games ) the player who serves to start a point 3 : ( computer science ) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network [ syn : {host} ] 4 : utensil used in serving food or drink .
250 ok [ d /m/c = 1/0/18 ; 0.000r 0.000u 0.000s ] QUIT 221 bye [ d /m/c =
0/0/0 ; 16.000r 0.000u 0.000s ]
Works as a Port Scanner too
A useful command line flag is - z .
When it is used , netcat does not initiate a connection to the server , but just informs about the open port it has found .
Also , instead of a single port , it can accept a port - range to scan .
For example :
$ nc -z 192.168.0.1 80-90 Connection to 192.168.0.1 80 port [ tcp/http ] succeeded !
In this example , netcat scanned the 80 - 90 range of ports and reported that port 80 is open on the remote machine .
The man page contains some more interesting examples , so take the time to read it .
Notes
All the above examples have been performed on Fedora 5/ 6 .
Netcat syntax may vary slightly among Linux distributions , so read the man page carefully .
Netcat provides a primitive way to transfer data between two networked computers .
I would n’t say it ’s an absolutely necessary tool in the everyday use , but there are times that this primitive functionality is very useful .
Netcat – a couple of useful examples by George Notaras is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - NonCommercial - ShareAlike 4.0 International License .
Copyright © 2006 - Some Rights Reserved
The robotics field undoubtedly has some major challenges to face before any Ray Bradbury visions of our android - filled future are to be realized .
One of the biggest may be a problem not of mechanics but of human psychology : the fact that most people find things that look almost but not quite human to be incredibly creepy .
Take , for instance , the weird - looking animated " people " in the movies Polar Express and Final Fantasy ; they looked uncannily like people -- but not just like people -- and the movies bombed .
In 1970 , Japanese roboticist Masahiro Mori tried to figure out why people are repulsed by the uncannily human , and he came up with this fascinating graph :
Note that " familiarity " here means emotional response .
What 's interesting is that the more human something looks -- up to a certain point -- the more we respond favorably to it .
( That 's why we like Alf and Shrek and Little Nemo ; they 're anthropomorphized to seem more human . )
But get too close to looking human , and our affection turns to revulsion , and quick .
That 's what mori calls the " uncanny valley , " which in the case of non-moving objects includes not - quite - human things like corpses , and in the moving ( and thus more repulsive ) category includes zombies .
If Mori were making this graph now and not 37 years ago , we 're pretty sure he would 've placed some of the latest triumphs of robotics near the nadir of that valley .
Take the work of Dr. Hiroshi Ishiguro , one of Japan 's leading roboticists .
He 's made several robots in the last few years that are likenesses of real people , including himself , a prominent Japanese newscaster and even his four - year - old daughter .
They 're all downright creepy , and the more advanced and realistic they get , the creepier they get .
( When his daughter saw her robot double , she freaked out , and thereafter would n't go anywhere near the thing . )
But do n't take our word for it : we found some video of Dr. Ishiguro 's robots , and some videos of zombies .
Which are creepier ?
Robot !
Zombie !
Robot !
Thanks to Damn Interesting for the info .
By Neil F. Comins
Villard , 253 pages , $ 19.95 hardcover
The astrophysicist Neil F. Comins sounds confident that the age of space tourism is on the horizon .
“ Voyages to Mars , asteroids , comets , and the Jovian system — Jupiter and the bodies orbiting it — will all be feasible destinations in the coming half - century , ” he writes .
A round trip to any planet this side of Saturn will , “ under ideal conditions , ” take no more than five years of your life .
For this starry - eyed prediction to come true , however , he wants us to banish any science - fiction illusions that these trips will be pleasure cruises .
His original and sobering book — part fictional spaceship log , part nuts - and - bolts survival manual — warns of mundane dangers out there to mind and body far more serious than power - mad Klingons or homicidal computers .
For starters , any prolonged flight outside the atmosphere risks exposure of cells to sickening levels of radiation .
The skin of a spaceship is not much safer .
Space is littered with lithic debris , and a collision with a particle no bigger than a pebble could well be catastrophic .
( Pockmarks from thousands of tiny impacts slowed the orbit of the Salyut 7 space station so much that it fell from the sky . )
A state of microgravity for years will also take its toll on physical and psychic health .
Between 3 and 13 percent of personnel on any space mission are likely to show signs of mental illness from claustrophobia , homesickness , chronic boredom and inactivity .
The bacteria that causes tooth decay may grow faster in outer space , where dentists are scarce .
Food will taste worse and be harder to digest .
Image
Landing after years of confinement in a titanium can wo n’t offer much relief either .
Landslides and earthquakes will make a simple hike on some surfaces riskier than a trip to the Baghdad airport .
“ Walking around on Io will be like exploring a minefield , ” Mr. Comins writes , referring to one of Jupiter ’s 63 known moons .
“ Each step will bring you into contact with life - threatening geological conditions . ”
An Absolute Beginner 's Babysteps In PowerShell ...
July 11 , 2006
In which i demonstrate that any old DOS hacker can download PowerShell ( aka Monad ) and teach it to themself , without any prior training or special knowledge , using any old XP machine .
What you need
Okay -- so kick off the powershell ( via the icon in your start menu , or by running ' powershell.exe ' [ located in C : \Program Files \ Windows PowerShell\v1.0 for me . ] )
You 'll be presented with a console , and a prompt .
( continues ... )
Here 's the prompt ...
Windows ( R) PowerShell Copyright ( C ) 2006 Microsoft Corporation .
All rights reserved .
PS C : \Program Files \Windows PowerShell\v1.0 >
First thing I wanted to try was a few old faithful DOS commands to see what happened :
PS C : \Program Files \Windows PowerShell\v1.0 > cd\ ' cd\ ' is not recognized as a cmdlet , function , operable program , or script file .
At line : 1 char:3 + cd\ <<<<
okay .. cd\ did n't work ... not to worry , i soon found that it does work if you include the space between command and parameter , like so :
PS C : \Program Files \Windows PowerShell\v1.0 > cd \ PS C:\> [ Success !! ]
I 'd read enough about powershell to know that there is n't really a ' CD ' command .
What 's happening here is that powershell has a lot of alias 's defined , so that one command will be channelled into another .
There 's two distinct and powerful uses for these aliases :
They help ease old dos-hacks like me into the powerShell world , by aliasing old command names on top of new cmdLets .
They can provide abbreviations for commands , making you a much quicker scripter .
So , I know that cd works ... but I want to find out what the real command is that cd is acting as an alias for ...
One way to do this , i figured would be to ask for help with the ' cd ' command .
Because then of course I 'd see the appropriate help for the real command that cd is acting as an alias for .
In dos you can often get help by typping the command followed by " /? " .
I tried that first ... here was the result :
PS C:\> cd /?
PS C:\d >
Weird result ... and one i wo n't go into here .
In any case it was n't the result I expected .
SO i slipped on the old riddling hat , i use for particularly riddlesome situations .
Okay , now every script language other than DOS shuns the use of the slash to indicate parameters .
( And if only early DOS had used this same rule , the back slash would never have been needed as a path delimiter ... )
SO I tried the same request , this time with a hyphen :
PS C:\d > cd -?
The result was about two screens full of information ... telling me how to use the set-location command .
Two lessons learnt :
1 . Use hyphens to indicate parameters , rather than back slashes !
2. " cd " is an alias for " set-location . "
Got it .
The help text started like this ( i've highlighted one part ) :
NAME Set - Location SYNOPSIS
Sets the current working location to a specified location .
DETAILED DESCRIPTION
The set - location Cmdlet sets the working location to a specified location .
That location could be a directory , a sub - directory , a registry location , o r another location stack .
Groovy !
You can use " cd " ( i.e " set- location " ) to navigate around the registry .
Infact here 's the first example provided by the help text :
EXAMPLES EXAMPLE 1 C: \PS > set- location HKLM :
Okay -- i recognise those letters , ' HKLM ' --> ' HKey_Local_Machine ' -- one of the root nodes of the registry !
Wicked stuff .
I heard about this on a scott hanselman podcast , but was n't really paying attention at the time .
I guessed that ' set - location ' is aliased as ' sl ' and hopped into the registry , like so :
PS C:\> sl hklm : PS HKLM :\>
I was happy to see that the parameter here was n't case - sensitive .
I tried a few variations on sl : SL , sL , Sl and they all worked okay too .
Either calling a powerShell cmdLet is n't a case sensitive action , or * all * of those aliases are defined ( which seemed unlikely ) .
On a whim , and while think idly of jennifer garner i typed :
PS HKLM :\> alias
And i was happy to see a big long list of all the aliases in the system scroll by ...
CommandType Name Definition
-----------
----
----------
Alias ac Add-Content Alias asnp Add-PSSnapin Alias clc Clear - Content
Right down to ...
Alias move Move - Item Alias rd Remove - Item Alias ren Rename - Item Alias set Set - Variable Alias type Get-Content
Okay -- i could spend a while talking about those , but instead i'll just bring up a summary of the cmdLets that are aliased by my own ' most - used ' DOS commands .
Translating Simple DOS Commands to Powershell cmdLets
DOS Command Powershell cmdLet
A succinct alias : cd Set - Location sl cls Clear - Host clear copy Copy - Item cp del Remove - Item ri dir Get - ChildItem ls echo Write - Output write popd Pop - Location popd pushd Push - Location pushd rd Remove - Item ri set Set - Variable sv type Get - Content gc
[ sidebar : while i guess i could somehow use ' format - list ' to convert the tab - separated list into a html table ...
i instead used the world 's simplest code generator which got the job done quick n easy , like always .
Okay so before I go anyfurther I should pass along this other rule :
They 're called ' cmdLets ' , not commands
You got that ?
Getting More Help
Okay i decided i'd like to read some more built in help .
I 've heard that PowerShell has excellent built in help .
But how to get it ?
It turns out that ' help ' is an alias for ' Get - Help ' ( the unix - friendly ' man ' command also works as an alias for ' Get - Help ')
First observation with running these help commands is that the text often scrolls off the screen .
Running help on help ( Help -? ) tells me this :
" Get - help " and " -? " display help on one page .
i.e. they scroll off the screen !
" Help " displays help on multiple pages .
i.e. you get this after every screenful : " < SPACE > next page ; < CR > next line ; Q quit "
Another great tip in the help about help is to try this :
get - help *
because :
This lists every help file in the system along with what type of help it is
So , now I 've got hundreds of help topics at my fingertips ... too many to read and remember in one go .
[ At this point i went off and wrote ' ShinyPower ' ]
Best of all i know that this ' Get - Help ' command is a general way in to the help system .
At this point i've learnt enough simple things that I 'm not too afraid of it anymore .
I can starting running around in it and really trying things out .
I 'll write more about it when i get a chance .
My book " Choose Your First Product " is available now .
It gives you 4 easy steps to find and validate a humble product idea .
Learn more .
OMG YOU GUYS [ Jan. 31st , 2007 | 06:03 pm ]
The Boston Community
b0st0n
[ ruxxell ] Strange " devices " reported in Boston
Numerous " strange devices " were reported in Boston today , being discovered on street corners reaching as far out as Somerville and Brookline .
Initial reports of the devices indicate they contained LEDs and wires .
Many of the devices made noise , and some even began counting down from 40 .
" I thought we had a severe threat on my hands when it lit up , but when it started counting down , that 's when I hit the panic button " said John Q. Moron of the State Department .
Boston police and bomb squad logged in over 4000 locations of the suspicious devices after the initial sighting earlier today .
Early internet buzz claims these devices have appeared in other major cities as well , but without cause for alarm .
Our news station has obtained this preliminary camphone picture of the device :
News sites and law enforcement will continue to investigate and provide more details later .
Adjust font size :
( CNN ) --
The war in Iraq has not made the world safer from terror , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has told CNN , saying he stands by statements on the subject he makes in his new book , " In the Line of Fire . "
In the book , Musharraf -- a key ally who is often portrayed as being in complete agreement with U.S. President George W. Bush on the war on terror and other issues -- writes he never supported the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq .
" I stand by it , absolutely , " Musharraf told CNN's " The Situation Room . "
Asked whether he disagreed with Bush , he said , " I 've stated whatever I had to ... it [ the war ] has made the world a more dangerous place . "
He also addressed allegations that Pakistan was a less - than - enthusiastic recruit into the war on terror and that former U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage told a Pakistani official that the United States would bomb Pakistan " back to the stone age " if it did not cooperate with Washington after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
Armitage has denied making the threat .
He told CNN he gave Pakistan a tough message , telling the Muslim nation it was either " with us or against us . "
" I have written whatever I heard , and my intelligence director did say that , " Musharraf told CNN .
" I would leave it at that .
He did n't contact me .
He did n't say that to me . "
Whether the threat was made , Musharraf said he agreed to cooperate in the war on terror in the interests of Pakistan .
" The first thing that came to my mind was Pakistan , Pakistani interest , Pakistan security , " Musharraf said .
" So as far as Pakistan interest is concerned , we ourselves are victims of terrorism and we ourselves are against al Qaeda or any form of terrorism related to [ the ] Taliban .
...
However , we took into account , certainly , that we are a nuclear state .
Destabilizing a nuclear state would certainly cause a lot of upheaval in the world . "
Musharraf would not be drawn into a debate over Bush 's comments last week to CNN that he would send U.S. forces into Pakistan if he had credible information that Osama bin Laden was there , instead of letting Pakistan handle the situation itself .
" It 's a very sensitive issue , " he said .
" We should not be discussing how and who is to deliver the blow , but whenever we locate him , we have to deal with him .
And let 's leave it at that and let 's not get into the sensitivities of who and how it will be done . "
Musharraf bristled when asked why the United States could operate in neighboring Afghanistan but not Pakistan .
" Please do n't compare Pakistan with Afghanistan , " he said .
" Pakistan is a very , very stable country .
We have a strong government .
We have a strong military .
We have a strong intelligence system , and everything in Afghanistan has broken down .
...
We do n't want our sovereignty to be violated , whereas in Afghanistan , there was an issue of terrorism in Afghanistan after 9/11 and law and order was broken down . "
Musharraf also was critical of Afghan President Hamid Karzai , who he said is " turning a blind eye like an ostrich " to the situational realities in his country and pointing the finger at Pakistan .
( Bush downplays tensions )
He denied that a deal worked out with tribal leaders along the Afghan - Pakistan border offered amnesty to al Qaeda and the Taliban , as critics had claimed .
Asked whether he would be interested in appearing alongside Karzai on a future episode of " The Situation Room , " Musharraf said there would need to be " the proper atmosphere and proper attitude . "
" There needs to be harmony in Afghanistan , Pakistan and [ the ] allied forces , especially the United States , " he said . " ... I think , at the moment , there is total misunderstanding of the environment by Afghanistan and Karzai .
I know Karzai knows the environment , but he is denying the realities . "
Over the weekend , federal officials , relying on the undercover work of a convicted drug dealer , indicted four men who were allegedly plotting to destroy a airline fuel pipeline leading to JFK airport in New York City .
The alleged mastermind , Russell Defreitas , an American citizen who once worked at JFK as an employee for an airline with extensive ties to the CIA , tried to get funding from a radical Islamic Trinidad and Tobago - based group called Jamaat al Muslimeen ( JAM ) .
JAM led an aborted coup in 1990 and is reported to have ties to the now - reformed Muammar al - Gaddafi .
In fact we were almost just all killed and the economy brought to its knees , according to the overblown scaremongering of the prosecuting attorney , as reported by the AP .
“ The devastation that would be caused had this plot succeeded is just unthinkable , ” U.S. Attorney Roslynn R. Mauskopf said at a news conference , calling it “ one of the most chilling plots imaginable . ”
But if you actually read the supposedly indictment ( . pdf ) , it 's pretty clear these were a bunch of jackasses who would have a hard time putting together a multi-subway line trip to Yankee Stadium , let alone blowing up a fuel tank inside airport gates .
It 's also pretty clear that blowing up the fueltanks would have been pretty spectacular , it would not have been catastropic .
Moreover , their plotting was so bad that a Guyananese parliament member told the plotters to use Google Maps instead of their own shoddy surveillance video and to stop carrying around their surveillance video on a hard drive .
Add to that this Newsday profile about Defreitas – which shows that the mastermind of the alleged plot was itinerantly homeless and sold incense on street corners in New York .
It 's just like nearly every other plot that has been uncovered since 9/11 in America .
Basically , its yet another group of deluded losers having Walter - Mitty - Meets - Osama - bin - Laden daydreams .
I 'm not arguing that they should n't have been arrested , only that the folks in charge are blowing this story up to justify their budgets .
But from what 's viewable in the indictment , these losers were never a serious threat – even if every allegation in the indictment were true .
Neither for that matter were the Lackawanna 6 , the Miami guys who did n't have enough money for boots ( let alone bring down the Sears Tower ) , or the Lodi , California lonely loser who got railroaded by the FBI .
The DHS threat level remains " Elevated " or yellow .
It 's still the new normal .
Note : Dr. Cavalier has retired and this page is no longer being maintained with any regularity .
IT IS an odd sight .
A middle - aged man , fully reclined , drawing pictures of hammers and mugs and animal figurines on a special clipboard , which is balanced precariously on a pillow atop his ample stomach .
A half - dozen people buzz around him .
One adjusts a towel under his neck to make him more comfortable , another wields a stopwatch and chants instructions to start doing this or stop doing that , and yet another translates everything into Turkish .
A small group convenes in a corner to assess the proceedings .
A few of us just stand around watching , and trying not to get in the way .
The elaborate ritual is a practice run for an upcoming brain scan and the researchers want to get everything just right .
Meanwhile , the man at the centre of all this attention , a blind painter , cracks jokes that keep everyone tittering .
The painter is Esref Armagan .
And he is here in Boston to see if a peek inside his brain can explain how a man who has never seen can paint pictures that the sighted easily recognise – and even admire .
He paints houses and mountains and lakes and faces and butterflies , but he ’s never seen any of these things .
He depicts colour , shadow and perspective , but it is not clear how he could have witnessed these things either .
How does he do it ?
Because if Armagan can represent images in the same way a sighted person can , it raises big questions not only about how our brains construct mental images , but also about the role those images play in seeing .
Do we build up mental images using just our eyes …
It seems that the smarter you are , the more you tend to earn .
For each IQ point you have above someone else 's IQ , you 'll earn between $ 200 and $ 600 more .
We who are smarter than the average bear ( I 'm including myself and you ) would reasonably assume , then , that smarter people would end up wealthier .
But that was not suggested by the study .
Instead , people with higher IQs and incomes tended to spend more , maxing out credit cards and paying bills late .
Overweight Americans who lose a lot of weight also tend to build more wealth as they drop the pounds .
Regression results show lower net worth is associated with smoking , after holding constant a variety of demographic factors .
Stephen F. Venti of Dartmouth and David A. Wise of Harvard concluded that the primary reason for differences in retirement assets was differences in propensities to save .
It is not unusual to see low - income households with high savings rates holding more financial assets at retirement than high - income households who saved a smaller fraction of their income .
What does it take to become wealthy ?
Before you answer , let 's review a few facts .
The first one is no surprise :
But this one is more surprising : People with high IQ do not end up with more wealth .
The above two quotations are from a summary of research conducted by Ohio State economics professor Jay Zagorsky .
Here is another result from a different study of Professor Zagorsky :
And yet another Zagorsky fact Finally , recall this lesson
The neoclassical theory of distribution teaches us that a person 's earnings depend on his or her productivity .
But earnings are not the same as wealth .
The accumulation of wealth is mostly about the ability to exert self - control .
Episode 26
It appears that the Boss is n't happy .
For some reason the Online Electronic Document Storage project he inherited from his predecessor is somewhat behind schedule and all fingers seem to be pointing at the PFY and I as the source of the delay .
I use the ruse of urgent lift maintenance as an excuse for the PFY and I to avoid the problem for a day , knowing full well that the Boss is never going to actually WALK up four flights to berate us .
But it seems I was wrong .
" So what I 'd like to know is why the ' scanning into storage ' task has taken so long ? " the Boss asks , checking his Project gant chart .
" I mean this project 's been running for almost six months and as far as I can see you 've not actually produced anything ! "
" We 're still calibrating the equipment and formatting the document repository . "
" What does that mean ? " the Boss snarls , letting a little more frustration creep into his voice .
" It means that to ensure the system is reliable and robust we have to do benchmarking on various types of document and the impact that it has on the storage system .
That way we can pick the best fit of document type to suit the needs of the users and the available space in the repository . "
" What does that mean ? " the Boss repeats .
" It means that we 're scanning in multiple documents in multiple formats and running comparisons on readability , total size and ability to OCR text where necessary . "
" And what 's taking so long ? "
" The age of the documents is a bit of a problem .
Some of them are so old that the pages might suffer damage or just be stuck together . "
" Stuck together !?
What documents are you using ? "
" For this stage of the Process , old Playboys , " the PFY admits .
" What ? ! "
" Well they 're ideal .
They 've got print , images , combinations of the above and the later ones are in colour ! "
" What the hell are you archiving them for ! ? "
" Some of them are absolute classics .
They need to be safely stored for future generations .
And that 's just the jokes pages ! " the PFY says defensively .
" Right , that 's it , you 're off the project , " the Boss snaps .
" I 'll get a temp in to scan some documents for you .
What skills am I going to want to look for ? "
" Blonde , blue eyes , " the PFY says helpfully .
" Perhaps someone like Miss April 19 . . "
" I mean technical qualifications , like the ability to discern important metadata from the context of the content . "
I always feel vaguely uneasy when the Boss uses technical terms like metadata .
It just seems wrong - he should stick to words he knows something about , like redundancy and lard .
Whenever he uses large complicated words I always get the feeling he 's been talking to someone behind our back .
Almost like he 's cheating on us with another technical person ...
Now I come to think about it , he has been coming in late a lot and making lame excuses like he missed the train or that he had to stay home late with the wife .
We should have seen it coming but we just thought he was being slack bastard !
I can see the same thoughts are running through the PFY 's mind and that he 's looking a bit hurt .
The poor blighter 's has such a sheltered upbringing and is not used to Bosses sneaking out for a bit of technical upskilling on the side ...
" You never used to use technical terms like that , " the PFY says quietly .
" Is there ... someone else ... giving you technical advice ? "
" I... No , of course not ! "
" I notice there 's been a number of appointments with the presales marketing guy from the photocopier company ... "
I counter , browsing the Boss ' online calendar via the wireless PDA .
" What , you 're going through my calendar now ! ? "
" So you admit you 've been seeing him ? "
The PFY asks .
" Well , yes .
Sure , he had a few ideas , we might have talked about some stuff but it meant nothing .
It 's still you guys I come to for the real idea of what we should be doing ! "
" I can't believe it , " the PFY says .
" How long has this been going on ? "
" A month .
Two maybe . "
" And you thought we would n't find out ? "
" I... "
" How did it get to this stage ? " the PFY asks .
" Look , it 's not you , it 's him , " the Boss says , pointing at me .
" Ah , is n't that supposed to be ' It 's not you it 's me ' ? " I ask .
" No , it 's you , " the Boss says .
" You 're a megalomaniac control freak and I want .... more "
" More ? " the PFY asks .
" I want to make my own technical decisions !
I do n't want to feel stymied by you two whenever I have a good idea ! "
" You two ?
I thought you said it was just him ? " the PFY says .
" It does n't matter .
I need more .
I 'm not an idiot and I want a chance to prove that to everyone .
I think perhaps I should .. maybe ... create a head of research position . "
. . .
" Well , " the PFY says , as soon as the boss leaves .
" You seem to be taking this calmly .
You 're not at all worried that he 'll become technically competent and have no further use for us ? "
" Nah .
I 've seen it dozens of times - these things have a way of working themselves out .
Push the ' Open 6 ' Button will you ? "
> Nggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa< > thud <
" What was that ? "
" That was the Boss using his newfound superior technical skills to step into an elevator shaft .
Told you things had a way of working themselves out .... "
Hell hath no fury like an administrator scorned ... ®
Most people are probably familiar with the typical car salesman based on the stereotypical image portrayed on TV and in the movies .
They are often shown as sleazy men in horrible outdated suits that will do anything to close a deal .
While they may carry a bad image it is more of the exception and not the norm .
Even though you may not be dealing with Slick Willy when you purchase your next vehicle it is important to remember that they are still in sales and it is their job to sell you something .
Purchasing a vehicle is a big decision so it is to your advantage to know what to expect and how to deal with salespeople in order to make sure you are really getting the best deal and being treated fairly .
A few tips to consider :
1. Be Prepared .
The best thing you can do is to go into the vehicle buying situation with information .
Make sure you clearly understand what type of vehicle you want and what features you need .
Are you looking for a new car or used ?
If you are considering used make sure you understand that they will try to offer you many add - ons such as extended warranties , roadside assistance or a number of other services and determine what , if any of those you may be interested in .
2. Do n’t Provide More Information About Yourself Than You Have To. People in sales are trained to learn about a customer in order to tailor their sales tactics .
So the best thing you can do is provide the least amount of information about you and your situation as possible .
Maybe you just totaled your car and need to get a new car this very same day , do n’t let them know that .
They do n’t need to know if you plan on buying a car today , this week or next week .
If they sense urgency they will immediately realize they have some additional bargaining power .
3. Use the Buddy System .
When shopping for a vehicle do n’t go alone .
If you are married you will likely take your spouse anyway but even if you are single it can be worth it to bring a friend or two or even a relative with you .
People are more vulnerable under high - pressure when alone so having others there with you can reduce the chances you rush into a decision .
This can also help to ensure the salesperson is completely forthright .
4. Understand the Salesperson ’s Motives .
If you are using the phone to call around with questions during your preliminary shopping it is the salesman ’s job to get you into the showroom .
They may lure you in with specials or deals that may or may not exist so it is up to you to do your due diligence beforehand and strictly get the facts you are looking for .
Once you are in the showroom it is their job to send you home with a vehicle .
Not only do they want to put you behind the wheel of a car they want to entice you to upgrade or at least pay as much as possible for the car you are interested in .
Make sure you know exactly what you want and stick to it .
5. Whoever Speaks Next , Loses .
When negotiating it is important remain calm and to avoid rushing into decisions .
When the dealer presents you with an additional feature or service simply take a moment to pause and think about it .
They will present it to you in a way that sounds as if you must have it , but if you do n’t immediately respond they will have to come back to you with a question or more information .
They want you to make quick decisions , but instead lead them into providing more information .
Even if you know the answer is “ no ” immediately give it some time or ask further explanation .
A quick negative response will only lead to a barrage of further sales tactics .
6. Be Nice .
Let ’s face it , people enjoy speaking with and dealing with others who are polite and respectful .
If you come into the dealership with an abrasive attitude you wo n’t get very far with a salesperson .
If you are polite and treat them with respect you will likely see them return the favor .
This alone wo n’t stop you buying something you do n’t need but it will make the negotiations go much more smoothly .
7. Do n’t Show Enthusiasm .
People in sales would kill to have a customer who is excited and enthusiastic about an upcoming purchase .
This behavior puts dollar signs in their eyes and this excitement can blind you to reality .
Maybe you just found a car you ’ve been looking for , it has every feature you wanted , it is the right color and the price is right .
Do n’t sit there with a big grin on your face or jump with excitement , but simply ask for more information about the vehicle and even continue to look at other vehicles even if you know that is the one you want .
8. Keep Your Trade - In a Secret Until a Final Price is Set .
If you are planning on trading in your old car to help with the purchase of this new vehicle make sure you do n’t let the cat out of the bag until the end .
The salesperson will certainly ask if you will be trading in but you do n’t have to tell them yes or no , maybe you are considering it .
Either way , if they know you will be trading in they will use this to their advantage in the negotiation which will undoubtedly become more confusing and potentially cost you some money in the process .
Once they know you have a vehicle to trade they will try to get one of their appraisers to go check it out immediately while you continue to negotiate the purchase .
Once they come back the pressure is on you to go through with the sale since they have already done the work .
So , come up with a bottom - line figure for the price of the car first , and then determine what trading in your old car will do to the bottom line , not the other way around .
9. Seek Financing Before Shopping .
This does n’t mean you need to have a loan already secured and ready to go , but check with your bank or credit union and see what type of rates are available to you and whether or not you would be approved for a loan in the estimated amount that you expect to need .
You may want to consider checking your credit and clue report as well .
Remember , most dealerships and salespeople do n’t make much if any money on the price of the vehicle .
Most of their commission comes from the in - house financing and extras sold with the vehicle .
If you can find a better rate and terms with another lender before going to the negotiation table you can omit that discussion almost entirely .
10 . You Have the Upper Hand .
The most important thing to remember is that you have the upper hand .
You are the consumer and you have a vast number of car buying options available to you .
Do n’t be fooled into letting the dealership make you feel that you need to rush into something or that you need to deal with them specifically .
While car buying may not be the most pleasant way to spend your weekend you have to keep in mind that it is an important decision and if one dealer is difficult to work with or wo n’t accommodate your needs you can simply walk away .
There are lots of mistakes you can make when buying a car , do n’t let dealing with the car salesperson be one of them .
Be to check some of these out some of my other articles on cars as well before you purchase a care
–things to consider before buying your next car
–your car is making you poor
–tips to help you save money on car expenses
–how to save money shopping for cars online
Author : Jeremy Vohwinkle
My name is Jeremy Vohwinkle , and I ’ve spent a number of years working in the finance industry providing financial advice to regular investors and those participating in employer - sponsored retirement plans .
Twitter Facebook Google +
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
Dr. Ishiguro and his double .
Not necessarily in that order .
© EnGadget.com
In June 2006 at the ATR Intelligent Robotics and Communication Laboratories in Keihanna , Japan , reporters and scientists gathered for the unveiling of a major new project by Dr. Hiroshi Ishiguro .
Once everyone had arrived , an assistant pulled back a curtain to reveal … another Dr. Ishiguro ?
Certainly the second figure had a very strong resemblance to Dr. Ishiguro , wearing the same glasses and dressed in the same clothing .
Seated in a chair , the duplicate was rocking one foot back and forth , blinking and adjusting itself .
It looked around and then , in ordinary Japanese , introduced itself ; it was named Geminoid HI - 1 .
For the reporters , up to that point virtually the only clue that Geminoid was an android had come from knowing that Ishiguro is a prominent roboticist .
Ishiguro ’s creation is more a puppet than an android , strictly speaking ; Ishiguro speaks and acts through it via the Internet .
As well as transmitting his voice , a motion - capture system allows Ishiguro to project the movements of his mouth and upper body onto Geminoid .
The android itself is built of silicone and steel , and based on casts taken from Ishiguro ’s body .
Regular , small actions such as blinking are controlled by autonomous programs .
The strikingly realistic robot has since been met largely with wonder and admiration , which could mark success for Ishiguro in more ways than the obvious .
Although Ishiguro ’s earlier android projects were only a little less realistic , they tended to disturb viewers .
This is consistent with a 1970 hypothesis by Dr. Masahiro Mori , another Japanese roboticist .
Although not yet well - investigated by science , Mori ’s “ Uncanny Valley ” theory holds that as a simulation of a human being ’s appearance and / or motion becomes increasingly accurate , there is very suddenly a point at which humans ’ interest in the creation turns into utter repulsion .
Ishiguro 's robot copy of newscaster Ayako Fjuii .
Ishiguro was inspired to develop a mechanical double after becoming tired of his long commute from the little town of Keihanna to a teaching position at Osaka University .
He sees the android double as an improvement on videoconferencing , allowing not just the speaker ’s image and voice to be transmitted but also his or her presence .
In stark contrast with the Western fear that androids could become strong enough to overpower human beings , the Japanese forsee a future in which humans and androids work together amicably and productively .
However , the Uncanny Valley effect may prove to be an impediment to human - android interactions as androids come to resemble humans more and more closely .
It ’s an issue that Ishiguro wants to help resolve .
One of his early robots was based on casts of his four - year - old daughter .
It was capable of only basic movements , and thus was not quite lifelike .
Ishiguro ’s daughter was so terrified by it that she refused to set foot in Ishiguro ’s lab after seeing it .
Later on , Ishiguro made a robot copy of newscaster Ayako Fujii ; despite being equipped with a much more intricate system of motion , it was still described as “ creepy ” .
Ishiguro ’s double is even more of an improvement , and most observers have been amazed and intrigued rather than unnerved .
This may indicate that he has found the level of detail necessary to cross the Valley .
So why might there be an Uncanny Valley ?
There are a number of theories regarding its cause , all of them tentative since the existence of the Valley itself is not yet verified .
One idea is that empathy for clearly nonhuman entities is based upon the recognition of human characteristics in an irrefutably different context .
The human mind recognizes the subject as an obvious nonhuman , and then is attracted to it by the presence of human qualities .
Mori 's 1970 graph , with reference points .
He proposed that movement amplified the effect .
" Familiarity " is used to mean " emotional response " , and several semi-human concepts are listed as reference points .
The popularity of anthropomorphism is a testament to the validity of this part of this theory .
Cartoon people and animals are a prominent example ; the mind instinctively labels them nonhumans , but then finds reason to identify with their portrayal as creatures who think and feel in the same way that we do .
Conversely , the theory holds that a response to a nearly - human - looking entity is exactly the reverse .
The human mind ’s first instinct is to label it ‘ humanlike ’ and only then notice the nonhuman characteristics of it .
This causes the feeling of disgust and alienation .
If the mind sees something as a human being , we want it to both look and act just as a human being does .
This may have ties to evolutionary psychology and the maintenance of the species ’ gene pool .
Another possible explanation for the existence of an Uncanny Valley is that it is an extension of the natural human tendency to fear death .
A 2005 study by Karl F. MacDorman explores this possibility , which ties into Mori ’s earlier reference point of ‘ corpse ’ as the lowest point in the Valley .
After viewing images of almost - human - looking beings , participants tended to feel disturbed and to want to cling to opinions that comforted them .
This is just what social psychologists believe happens during ‘ terror management ’ , or the process of dealing with the reality of dying and its implications .
The whole Uncanny Valley theory , however , is still controversial .
Some reject it completely , arguing that humanlike robots were not realistic enough in the 1970s for the effect to have been measured .
David Hanson , a noted American roboticist and sculptor , considers the entire theory “ pseudoscientific ” and believes that it is futile to reduce ‘ realism ’ to a single axis on a graph .
Likewise , psychologist Sara Kiesler of Carnegie Mellon University argues that there is evidence both to support the theory and to refute it .
Far from the cute , romanticized creatures envisioned in mythology , the idea of actual human - animal hybrids ( also known as parahumans ) is unsettling , as Patricia Piccinini 's sculpture " The Young Family " shows .
A domain in which the concept of the Uncanny Valley – unproven or not – has become very important is CGI animation .
Again , traditional two - dimensional cartoons are far enough removed from real - life human beings for the Valley not to be a problem ; when animation aims at realism , though , is where it could be possible to fall into the Valley .
Some believe that the box - office failure of 2001 ’s Final Fantasy : The Spirits Within can be partially attributed to the Uncanny Valley effect .
The film required an enormous amount of work since its human characters were created from scratch .
For instance , protagonist Dr. Aki Ross was animated in so much detail that it took an hour and a half to create each individual frame in which she appeared .
After four years and hundreds of millions of dollars , Final Fantasy opened to mixed reviews .
“ At first it ’s fun to watch the characters , ” wrote Peter Travers in Rolling Stone , “ [ b ] ut then you notice a coldness in the eyes , a mechanical quality in the movements . ”
Despite the immense amount of effort and money put into it , the film did n’t even make a tenth of its production cost in American and Canadian theaters combined .
It was a sharp disappointment , and the film ’s production company , Square Pictures , was put into bankruptcy .
There have been two strategies employed in CGI animation more recently to avoid going the way of Final Fantasy .
One is to deliberately choose an exaggerated , cartoonish look for characters in order to avoid the potential pitfalls of the Uncanny Valley by staying well to the left of it on Mori ’s graph .
This is precisely what Pixar did for 2004 ’s The Incredibles , whose characters are recognizably human but not much more realistic than a two - dimensional cartoon .
The other strategy is to do exactly what Hiroshi Ishiguro did : to “ jump the Valley ” by working backwards from real human beings .
In the Lord of the Rings trilogy , for example , the character of Gollum was animated based on the captured recorded motions and voice of actor Andy Serkis .
Moral of the story : it is very difficult to pull off creating a realistic animated human being from scratch – and perhaps even foolish to try .
Overall it seems clear that there is something causing the anxiety epitomized by Hiroshi Ishiguro ’s daughter and the uneasiness experienced by many viewers of computer - animated human beings .
Whether this is all based in an Uncanny Valley of aesthetics and movement or based in something else , it will likely have to be thoroughly explored and resolved if humanoid robots are ever required to become a part of human society .
Masahiro Mori , although of course not at all skeptical of his own theory , agreed with the need for further study in order “ to know what is human [ and ] to establish the design methodology for creating familiar devices through robotics research ” .
Although the addition of nutrients to soil helps to maximize crop production , fertilizer can leach nutrients , polluting the water supply .
A recent study by researchers at the University of Minnesota shows alternative cropping practices may help to protect the environment by reducing high nitrate levels in surface and ground water caused by conventional fertilizer use .
The team of scientists reports their findings in the July - August 2007 issue of the Journal of Environmental Quality .
Nitrogen is one of the most important elements required in agricultural systems for plant and animal production .
While treatment with the correct amount of nitrogen - based fertilizer optimizes crop yield and minimizes environmental damage , too much nitrogen can lead to nitrate loss .
Nitrate , a mobile form of nitrogen , escapes via water that percolates through soils .
In regions where subsurface drainage is used to promote crop growth , high levels of nitrates are transported to downstream waters .
Nitrate contamination of water can contribute to waters becoming hypoxic and stress aquatic life living downstream .
“ The challenge facing industry , farmers , agricultural advisors , and others concerned about the environment is to develop efficient cropping systems that maintain economical production levels while minimizing surface and ground water degradation , ” said Jeff Strock , lead author of the study .
In search of ways to reduce agricultural pollution , Strock and others measured tile drainage and nitrate losses under conventional and alternative cropping systems over a three - year period in southwest Minnesota .
This study was funded by the USDA - CSREES - National Integrated Water Quality Program .
Researchers categorized conventional farming practices as corn-soybean rotations with inorganic fertilizer application and pesticide usage .
Alternative farming practices included organic management practices that incorporated rotation of a variety of crops including corn , soybean , oat , alfalfa , buckwheat , and rye with nutrients supplied from legumes and either fresh or composted manure sources .
The study found that alternative cropping systems reduced the amount of water lost in tile drainage by 41 percent compared to a conventional corn-soybean rotation .
Alternative farming practices also reduced nitrate - nitrogen losses by between 59 and 62 percent in two out of three years .
“ Our data suggests that water quantity and quality could be improved by increasing cropping system biodiversity , ” said Strock .
Whether in conventional or organic cropping systems , Strock suggests cropping system biodiversity may be adopted as one of several practices to build a sustainable farm management system that is productive , profitable , and environmentally acceptable .
“ There are no silver bullets for solving our water quality problems , ” said Strock .
“ Instead , implementing practices such as cropping system biodiversity , along with refined nitrogen management practices , growing perennial crops in a rotation , cover cropping , and other management practices will help prevent nitrate contamination of our lakes and rivers . ”
Source : American Society of Agronomy
Explore further Crop diversity is key to increased profits for Brazilian farmers
What 's it take to get a guy impeached these days ?
I mean , less than ten years ago it was lying under oath in a civil case involving alleged sexual harassment .
Since then someone has apparently raised the bar -- to someplace in low - earth orbit .
No , I 'm not talking about impeaching George W. Bush – not that he does n't richly deserve a thorough impeaching .
I 'm talking about his sidekick , Tricky Dick the Second .
We 've all suspected for a long time that Dick was up to no good .
And , while no one has yet been able to lift his finger prints from any of the many crime scenes that have turned up , and keep turning up , circumstantial evidence has pointed to him in almost every case .
But as of yesterday we now have a firm , undeniable set of prints .
We now not only have a preverbal , but the gun is still in Cheney 's hand and he 's waving it proudly around in a " you 'll never take me alive , coppers , " manner :
WASHINGTON — For the last four years , Vice President Dick Cheney has made the controversial claim that his office is not fully part of the Bush administration in order to exempt it from a presidential order regulating federal agencies ' handling of classified national security information , officials said Thursday ....
According to documents released Thursday by a House committee , Cheney 's staff has blocked efforts by the National Archives ' Information Security Oversight Office to enforce a key component of the presidential order : a mandatory on - site inspection of the vice president 's office .
At least one of those inspections would have come at a particularly delicate time — when Cheney 's former chief of staff , I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby , and other aides were under criminal investigation for their suspected roles in leaking the identity of CIA operative Valerie Plame .
For the last four years , Vice President Dick Cheney has made the controversial claim that his office is not fully part of the Bush administration in order to exempt it from a presidential order regulating federal agencies ' handling of classified national security information , officials said Thursday ....
According to documents released Thursday by a House committee , Cheney 's staff has blocked efforts by the National Archives ' Information Security Oversight Office to enforce a key component of the presidential order : a mandatory on - site inspection of the vice president 's office .
At least one of those inspections would have come at a particularly delicate time — when Cheney 's former chief of staff , I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby , and other aides were under criminal investigation for their suspected roles in leaking the identity of CIA operative Valerie Plame .
( Full )
Hello Congress .
( Anyone in there ? )
We 've got a guy in our executive branch who did something a lot worse than just lying under oath that he ever lusted after an homely Arkansas gal .
This guy has openly violated a federal statute signed into law in 2002 by his own boss .
And he is a serial violator too boot .
He 's broken this law , not just once , but four times already and is currently in the act of breaking it a fifth time .
In other words , this time you 've caught him in the act .. red handed .
That would make five felonies and / or misdemeanors – on the record , staring you guys right in the face , mocking you .
Of course Dick has his defense .
But it 's a typical Dick Defense .
If you think Bill Clinton 's defense was a twenty - ton pile of steaming BS ( " depends what the meaning of ' is " is . ) -- get a load of the Dick 's defense .
He says that , since the office of the Vice President serves a dual role , as VP and President of the Senate , he , as VP , is not subject to the law in question since that law only covers the executive branch .
" Cheney spokeswoman Lea Anne McBride confirmed the vice president 's position Thursday but said she could not discuss the matter in detail , including whether Cheney or his aides tried to abolish the information security office .
" We are confident that we are conducting this office properly under the law , " McBride said . "
Yep , you read that correctly .
When the " cops " tried to enforce the law , Dick tried to " eliminate " them .
That would leave the law on the books , but no one around to enforce it .
Nice .
Anyway , back to Dick ' defense .
Cheney says he is not a member of the executive branch because he is also a member of the legislative branch .
Hmmm .
Let 's see .
If extrapolate that logic to it 's logical conclusion then that means he Dick can't claim he 's covered by executive privilege .
If Dick is right then Congress would have the right to full and unimpeded access to all the VP 's executive branch documents .
You know , like who he met with during his energy task force meetings , etc .
After all , Tricky Dick II , can't have it both ways .
Of course , Dick -- being the Dick we 've all come to know -- wants it both ways .
After all , if he were right about this , it would make him the most powerful person in government -- ever .
If Congress lets Cheney get away with this , this time , then we will have to assume that either Congress has abdicated it 's power to a single man , or is somehow in on the deal .
Well ?
What other explanations fit the circumstances ?
You tell me .
But if we still have an independent , co-equal legislative branch that is willing and able to defend their perogatives and rights , and enforce the rule of law , then only one course of action fits the bill -- impeachment .
Forget the federal courts .
That 's a dodge .
First , trying to get a federal court interpretation of the statue is a waste of time , and we do n't have that kind of time left in this administration .
Besides , we already know Cheney has broken a law , and we know which law he broke and how many times he broke it .
Finally we know that Cheney 's defense – that he is some kind of existential shape - shifter and therefore not a member of the executive branch -- is ridiculous on its face .
But that 's Dick 's defense and he is welcome to it .
Let him put it forth during his impeachment trial and see how far he gets with it .
Republicans should be as concerned about this as Democrats .
No , let amend and extend that remark .
Republicans should be more concerned about this than Democrats .
Because the next President and VP of the United States are likely going to be Democrats .
And the last thing Republicans should want is for Cheney -- a guy on his way out -- to set a precedent that would allow a Democratic administration to hide what they 've been up to from Congress .
The American public does not want such a precedent established either .
Because here 's what happens when that happens .
A recent post of Jen - Luc 's reminded me of Huw Price and his work on temporal asymmetry .
The problem of the arrow of time -- why is the past different from the future , or equivalently , why was the entropy in the early universe so much smaller than it could have been ? -- has attracted physicists ' attention ( although not as much as it might have ) ever since Boltzmann explained the statistical origin of entropy over a hundred years ago .
It 's a deceptively easy problem to state , and correspondingly difficult to address , largely because the difference between the past and the future is so deeply ingrained in our understanding of the world that it's too easy to beg the question by somehow assuming temporal asymmetry in one 's purported explanation thereof .
Price , an Australian philosopher of science , has made a specialty of uncovering the hidden assumptions in the work of numerous cosmologists on the problem .
Boltzmann himself managed to avoid such pitfalls , proposing an origin for the arrow of time that did not secretly assume any sort of temporal asymmetry .
He did , however , invoke the anthropic principle -- probably one of the earliest examples of the use of anthropic reasoning to help explain a purportedly - finely - tuned feature of our observable universe .
But Boltzmann 's anthropic explanation for the arrow of time does not , as it turns out , actually work , and it provides an interesting cautionary tale for modern physicists who are tempted to travel down that same road .
The Second Law of Thermodynamics -- the entropy of a closed system will not spontaneously decrease -- was understood well before Boltzmann .
But it was a phenomenological statement about the behavior of gasses , lacking a deeper interpretation in terms of the microscopic behavior of matter .
That 's what Boltzmann provided .
Pre-Boltzmann , entropy was thought of as a measure of the uselessness of arrangements of energy .
If all of the gas in a certain box happens to be located in one half of the box , we can extract useful work from it by letting it leak into the other half -- that 's low entropy .
If the gas is already spread uniformly throughout the box , anything we could do to it would cost us energy -- that 's high entropy .
The Second Law tells us that the universe is winding down to a state of maximum uselessness .
Boltzmann suggested that the entropy was really counting the number of ways we could arrange the components of a system ( atoms or whatever ) so that it really did n't matter .
That is , the number of different microscopic states that were macroscopically indistinguishable .
( If you 're worried that " indistinguishable " is in the eye of the beholder , you have every right to be , but that 's a separate puzzle . )
There are far fewer ways for the molecules of air in a box to arrange themselves exclusively on one side than there are for the molecules to spread out throughout the entire volume ; the entropy is therefore much higher in the latter case than the former .
With this understanding , Boltzmann was able to " derive " the Second Law in a statistical sense -- roughly , there are simply far more ways to be high - entropy than to be low - entropy , so it 's no surprise that low - entropy states will spontaneously evolve into high - entropy ones , but not vice - versa .
( Promoting this sensible statement into a rigorous result is a lot harder than it looks , and debates about Boltzmann 's H - theorem continue merrily to this day . )
Boltzmann 's understanding led to both a deep puzzle and an unexpected consequence .
The microscopic definition explained why entropy would tend to increase , but did n't offer any insight into why it was so low in the first place .
Suddenly , a thermodynamics problem became a puzzle for cosmology : why did the early universe have such a low entropy ?
Over and over , physicists have proposed one or another argument for why a low - entropy initial condition is somehow " natural " at early times .
Of course , the definition of " early " is " low- entropy " !
That is , given a change in entropy from one end of time to the other , we would always define the direction of lower entropy to be the past , and higher entropy to be the future .
( Another fascinating but separate issue -- the process of " remembering " involves establishing correlations that inevitably increase the entropy , so the direction of time that we remember [ and therefore label " the past " ] is always the lower - entropy direction . )
The real puzzle is why there is such a change -- why are conditions at one end of time so dramatically different from those at the other ?
If we do not assume temporal asymmetry a priori , it is impossible in principle to answer this question by suggesting why a certain initial condition is " natural " -- without temporal aymmetry , the same condition would be equally natural at late times .
Nevertheless , very smart people make this mistake over and over , leading Price to emphasize what he calls the Double Standard Principle : any purportedly natural initial condition for the universe would be equally natural as a final condition .
The unexpected consequence of Boltzmann 's microscopic definition of entropy is that the Second Law is not iron - clad -- it only holds statistically .
In a box filled with uniformly - distributed air molecules , random motions will occasionally ( although very rarely ) bring them all to one side of the box .
It is a traditional undergraduate physics problem to calculate how often this is likely to happen in a typical classroom - sized box ; reasurringly , the air is likely to be nice and uniform for a period much much much longer than the age of the observable universe .
Faced with the deep puzzle of why the early universe had a low entropy , Boltzmann hit on the bright idea of taking advantage of the statistical nature of the Second Law .
Instead of a box of gas , think of the whole universe .
Imagine that it is in thermal equilibrium , the state in which the entropy is as large as possible .
By construction the entropy can't possibly increase , but it will tend to fluctuate , every so often diminishing just a bit and then returning to its maximum .
We can even calculate how likely the fluctuations are ; larger downward fluctuations of the entropy are much ( exponentially ) less likely than smaller ones .
But eventually every kind of fluctuation will happen .
You can see where this is going : maybe our universe is in the midst of a fluctuation away from its typical state of equilibrium .
The low entropy of the early universe , in other words , might just be a statistical accident , the kind of thing that happens every now and then .
On the diagram , we are imagining that we live either at point A or point B , in the midst of the entropy evolving between a small value and its maximum .
It 's worth emphasizing that A and B are utterly indistinguishable .
People living in A would call the direction to the left on the diagram " the past , " since that 's the region of lower entropy ; people living at B , meanwhile , would call the direction to the right " the past . "
During the overwhelming majority of such a universe 's history , there is no entropy gradient at all -- everything just sits there in a tranquil equilibrium .
So why should we find ourselves living in those extremely rare bits where things are evolving through a fluctuation ?
The same reason why we find ourselves living in a relatively pleasant planetary atmosphere , rather than the forbiddingly dilute cold of intergalactic space , even though there 's much more of the latter than the former -- because that 's where we can live .
Here Boltzmann makes an unambiguously anthropic move .
There exists , he posits , a much bigger universe than we can see ; a multiverse , if you will , although it extends through time rather than in pockets scattered through space .
Much of that universe is inhospitable to life , in a very basic way that does n't depend on the neutron - proton mass difference or other minutiae of particle physics .
Nothing worthy of being called " life " can possibly exist in thermal equilibrium , where conditions are thoroughly static and boring .
Life requires motion and evolution , riding the wave of increasing entropy .
But , Boltzmann reasons , because of occasional fluctuations there will always be some points in time where the entropy is temporarily evolving ( there is an entropy gradient ) , allowing for the existence of life -- we can live there , and that 's what matters .
Here is where , like it or not , we have to think carefully about what anthropic reasoning can and cannot buy us .
On the one hand , Boltzmann 's fluctuations of entropy around equilibrium allow for the existence of dynamical regions , where the entropy is ( just by chance ) in the midst of evolving to or from a low - entropy minimum .
And we could certainly live in one of those regions -- nothing problematic about that .
The fact that we can't directly see the far past ( before the big bang ) or the far future in such a scenario seems to me to be quite beside the point .
There is almost certainly a lot of universe out there that we can't see ; light moves at a finite speed , and the surface of last scattering is opaque , so there is literally a screen around us past which we can't see .
Maybe all of the unobserved universe is just like the observed bit , but maybe not ; it would seem the height of hubris to assume that everything we do n't see must be just like what we do .
Boltzmann 's goal is perfectly reasonable : to describe a history of the universe on ultra- large scales that is on the one hand perfectly natural and not finely - tuned , and on the other features patches that look just like what we see .
But , having taken a bite of the apple , we have no choice but to swallow .
If the only thing that one 's multiverse does is to allow for regions that resemble our observed universe , we have n't accomplished anything ; it would have been just as sensible to simply posit that our universe looks the way it does , and that 's the end of it .
We have n't truly explained any of the features we observed , simply provided a context in which they can exist ; but it would have been just as acceptable to say " that 's the way it is " and stop there .
If the anthropic move is to be meaningful , we have to go further , and explain why within this ensemble it makes sense to observe the conditions we do .
In other words , we have to make some conditional predictions : given that our observable universe exhibits property X ( like " substantial entropy gradient " ) , what other properties Y should we expect to measure , given the characteristics of the ensemble as a whole ?
And this is where Boltzmann 's program crashes and burns .
( In a way that is ominous for similar attempts to understand the cosmological constant , but that 's for another day . )
Let 's posit that the universe is typically in thermal equilibrium , with occasional fluctuations down to low - entropy states , and that we live in the midst of one of those fluctuations because that 's the only place hospitable to life .
What follows ?
The most basic problem has been colorfully labeled " Boltzmann 's Brain " by Albrecht and Sorbo .
Remember that the low - entropy fluctuations we are talking about are incredibly rare , and the lower the entropy goes , the rarer they are .
If it almost never happens that the air molecules in a room all randomly zip to one half , it is just as unlikely ( although still inevitable , given enough time ) that , given that they did end up in half , they will continue on to collect in one quarter of the room .
On the diagram above , points like C are overwhelmingly more common than points like A or B .
So if we are explaining our low - entropy universe by appealing to the anthropic criterion that it must be possible for intelligent life to exist , quite a strong prediction follows : we should find ourselves in the minimum possible entropy fluctuation consistent with life 's existence .
And that minimum fluctuation would be " Boltzmann 's Brain . "
Out of the background thermal equilibrium , a fluctuation randomly appears that collects some degrees of freedom into the form of a conscious brain , with just enough sensory apparatus to look around and say " Hey ! I exist ! " , before dissolving back into the equilibrated ooze .
You might object that such a fluctuation is very rare , and indeed it is .
But so would be a fluctuation into our whole universe -- in fact , quite a bit more rare .
The momentary decrease in entropy required to produce such a brain is fantastically less than that required to make our whole universe .
Within the infinite ensemble envisioned by Boltzmann , the overwhelming majority of brains will find themselves disembodied and alone , not happily ensconsed in a warm and welcoming universe filled with other souls .
( You know , like ours . )
This is the general thrust of argument with which many anthropic claims run into trouble .
Our observed universe has something like a hundred billion galaxies with something like a hundred billion stars each .
That 's an extremely expansive and profligate universe , if its features are constrained solely by the demand that we exist .
Very roughly speaking , anthropic arguments would be more persuasive if our universe was minimally constructed to allow for our existence ; e.g. if the vacuum energy were small enough to allow for a single galaxy to arise out of a really rare density fluctuation .
Instead we have a hundred billion such galaxies , not to count all of those outside our Hubble radius -- an embarassment of riches , really .
But , returning to Boltzmann , it gets worse , in an interesting and profound way .
Let 's put aside the Brain argument for a moment , and insist for some reason that our universe did fluctuate somehow into the kind of state in which we currently find ourselves .
That is , here we are , with all of our knowledge of the past , and our observations indicating a certain history of the observable cosmos .
But , to be fair , we do n't have detailed knowledge of the microstate corresponding to this universe -- the position and momentum of each and every particle within our past light cone .
Rather , we know some gross features of the macrostate , in which individual atoms can be safely re-arranged without our noticing anything .
Now we can ask : assuming that we got to this macrostate via some fluctuation out of thermal equilibrium , what kind of trajectory is likely to have gotten us here ?
Sure , we think that the universe was smaller and smoother in the past , galaxies evolved gradually from tiny density perturbations , etc .
But what we actually have access to are the positions and momenta of the photons that are currently reaching our telescopes .
And the fact is , given all of the possible past histories of the universe consistent with those photons reaching us , in the vast majority of them the impression that we are observing an even - lower - entropy past is an accident .
If all pasts consistent with our current macrostate are equally likely , there are many more in which the past was a chaotic mess , in which a vast conspiracy gave rise to our false impression that the past was orderly .
In other words , if we ask " What kind of early universe tends to naturally evolve into what we see ? " , the answer is the ordinary smooth and low - entropy Big Bang .
But here we are asking " What do most of the states that could possibly evolve into our current universe look like ? " , and the answer there is a chaotic high - entropy mess .
Of course , nobody in their right minds believes that we really did pop out of a chaotic mess into a finely - tuned state with false memories about the Big Bang ( although young - Earth creationists do believe that things were arranged by God to trick us into thinking that the universe is much older than it really is , which seems about as plausible ) .
We assume instead that our apparent memories are basically reliable , which is a necessary assumption to make sensible statements of any form .
Boltzmann 's scenario just does n't quite fit together , unfortunately .
Price 's conclusion from all this ( pdf ) is that we should take seriously the Gold universe , in which there is a low - entropy future collapsing state that mirrors our low - entropy Big Bang in the past .
It 's an uncomfortable answer , as nobody knows any reason why there should be low - entropy boundary conditions in both the past and the future , which would involve an absurd amount of fine - tuning of our particular microstate at every instant of time .
( Not to mention that the universe shows no sign of wanting to recollapse . )
The loophole that Price and many other people ( quite understandably ) overlook is that the Big Bang need not be the true beginning of the universe .
If the Bang was a localized baby universe in a larger background spacetime , as Jennie Chen and I have suggested ( paper here ) , we can comply with the Double Standard Princple by having high - entropy conditions in both the far past and the far future .
That does n't mean that we have completely avoided the problem that doomed Boltzmann 's idea ; it is still necessary to show that baby universes would most often look like what we see around us , rather than ( for example ) much smaller spaces with only one galaxy each .
And this whole " baby universe " idea is , shall we say , a mite speculative .
But explaining the difference in entropy between the past and future is at least as fundamental , if not more so , as explaining the horizon and flatness problems with which cosmologists are so enamored .
If we 're going to presume to talk sensibly and scientifically about the entire history of the universe , we have to take Boltzmann 's legacy seriously .
