The content on this website is protected by copyright .
All rights reserved .
LyngSat is a registered trademark , owned by Lyngemark Satellite .
" The crew of sailors did not resist the commando and said that they did not know what was inon board .
The commando force opened the container and revealed missiles , rockets , shells , grenades , and small arms . " " Israeli naval commandos seized a ship Wednesday that defense officials said was carrying more than , rockets and anti-tank weapons from Iran to Hezbollah guerrillas in Lebanon . " " Defense Minister Ehud Barak , IDF Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi and Navy Commander Eliezer Marom lauded the commandos who carried out the operation which culminated in the seizure of some . " " Israel raided the ship in the waters off the coast of Cyprus earlier this week and redirected it to the Ashdod port , where it unloaded " ASHDOD , Israel -- Israeli officials said naval commandos seized a cargo ship 100 miles off Israel 's Mediterranean coast carrying nearlyfrom Iran bound for Hezbollah militants in Lebanon . "
“ This is my mom , dad and brother in Sydney .
Posing on a bridge , my brother set the camera on timer , and ran back to join my parents .
However , he had too much momentum and fell back into the pond . ”
( submitted by Claire )
- video encodings still in process -
This was when Tyson kicked ass at only 19 years old .
Donnie Long , 28 at the time , looks cocky before the fight , winking at the cameras and so forth .
Not so later on ... enjoy .
The African nation of Uganda is weighing a bill that would impose the death penalty on HIV positive men who have committed what it calls “ aggravated homosexuality . ”
As if that were not shocking enough , a U.S. author is claiming that a secretive group of American politicians appear to be a driving force in seeing the proposal become law .
The Anti-Homosexuality Bill 2009 , heavily supported by Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni , was first read in October , triggering a wave of condemnation .
According to the gay blog Queerty , Joann Lockard , public affairs officer at the Kampala , Uganda embassy , said the law would “ constitute a significant step backwards for the protection of human rights in Uganda . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
She added : “ We urge states to take all necessary measures to ensure that sexual orientation or gender identity may under no circumstances be the basis for criminal penalties , in particular executions , arrests , or detention . ”
While that condemnation by a U.S. official would seem reflexive , others in U.S. political circles are providing financial and political support for the bill ’s sponsors , according to author Jeff Sharlet .
Sharlet ’s book “ The Family ” is an investigative look at a secretive group of fundamentalist Christian lawmakers in Washington , D.C.
In a recent interview with NPR ’s Terry Gross , he broke the news that The Family ’s influence in Uganda is rife .
“ [ The ] legislator that introduced the bill , a guy named David Bahati , is a member of The Family , ” he said .
“ He appears to be a core member of The Family .
He works , he organizes their Ugandan National Prayer Breakfast and oversees a African sort of student leadership program designed to create future leaders for Africa , into which The Family has poured millions of dollars working through a very convoluted chain of linkages passing the money over to Uganda . ”
And how did Sharlet discover the connection ?
“ You follow [ the ] money , ” he said .
You look at their archives .
You do interviews where you can .
It ’s not so invisible anymore .
So that ’s how working with some research colleagues we discovered that David Bahati , the man behind this legislation , is really deeply , deeply involved in The Family ’s work in Uganda , that the ethics minister of Uganda , Museveni ’s kind of right - hand man , a guy named Nsaba Buturo , is also helping to organize The Family ’s National Prayer Breakfast .
And here ’s a guy who has been the main force for this Anti-Homosexuality Act in Uganda ’s executive office and has been very vocal about what he ’s doing , in a rather extreme and hateful way .
But these guys are not so much under the influence of The Family .
They are , in Uganda , The Family . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Under current Ugandan law , homosexuality is a crime punishable by life in prison .
The proposed law would not just condemn HIV positive gay men and “ repeat offenders ” to death , it would also jail for three years anyone who knows a gay man but refuses to report them to authorities .
Further , anyone who defends in public the rights of gays and lesbians would be subjected to a seven year prison term .
In his NPR interview , Sharlet said the bill would “ very likely ” pass and become Ugandan law .
He added that the nation ’s president , whom he called a “ dictator , ” has long been in The Family ’s fold .
“ The Family identified [ Museveni ] back in 1986 as a key man for Africa , ” he said .
“ They wanted to steer him away from neutrality or leftist sympathies and bring him into conservative American alliances , and they were able to do so .
They ’ve since promoted Uganda as this bright spot – as I say , as this bright spot for African democracy , despite the fact that under their tutelage , Museveni has slowly shifted away from any even veneer of democracy : imprisoning journalists , tampering with elections , supporting – strongly supporting this Anti-Homosexuality Act of 2009 . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Canada and the U.K. have been leading the international charge against the proposed law , with both prime ministers Gordon Brown and Stephen Harper condemning it .
“ Addressing the Commonwealth People ’s Forum , Stephen Lewis , the former UN envoy on Aids in Africa , said that the Bill made a mockery of Commonwealth principles , ” the Times Online reported .
“ Nothing is as stark , punitive and redolent of hate as the Bill in Uganda , ” Lewis said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We need n’t tell you :
The implications are dire , ” opined Queerty .
“ It ’s not abnormal for foreign heads of state , like Museveni , to have ties to American politicos .
But he ’s deeply routed in a secretive organization that promotes hatred under the guise of loving Jesus .
And the very people — America ’s elected officials who believe in human rights — we would expect to pressure Uganda ’s lawmakers not to make such a bill law are turning out to be its biggest supporters . ”
How Robert Byrd Jr. created the modern filibuster
Commenter WoodbridgeVA adds an important piece to the filibuster story :
The major change in Senate rules that made possible the modern filibuster occurred under the leadership of Robert Byrd during his first stint as Majority Leader .
Byrd introduced the concept of " dual tracking " under which the Senate could have two or more bills under floor consideration at any one time .
Prior to this change , a filibuster ended floor consideration of all other bills until the one being filibustered had been disposed of .
No appropriations , no nominations , no unanimous consent agreements , no nothing .
All Senate business came to a dead halt during a filibuster , which raised the stakes on the members conducting the filibuster exponentially .
The pressure that would be brought to bear if the entire Senate ground to a halt was one of the reasons filibusters were so rare .
Once Byrd changed the rules to allow dual tracking , filibusters became almost pain free .
A Senator simply had to announce they intended to filibuster and the Majority Leader would use his dual track authority to move to other business and get around the road block .
Over time , most leaders simply did a whip check and declined to schedule a bill if a filibuster was possible ..
The dual - track authority is a fairly big piece of the puzzle .
But the question , in part , is why it 's been allowed to stand .
Both Hill experts and political scientists argue that the reason , basically , is that the Senate has things to do .
The frequency of the filibuster means that ending the dual tracking would be the same as shutting down the government .
It would be a high - stakes showdown over a Senate rule change , which is not something that many in the Senate have evinced much interest in attempting .
But this is how the filibuster was normalized into a 60 - vote requirement .
Byrd responded to the slight uptick in filibusters by making it much easier and cheaper to filibuster , rather than leading a fight to make it much harder to filibuster .
But he saw that as streamlining the process .
It 's not like the minority was going to filibuster everything .
It just was n't done .
But senators of both parties adapted to the new rules .
This was still some years before the filibuster became constant , which allowed the Senate to ease into the new regime .
But as people began to understand that threatening the filibuster was a lot easier than filibustering , they began to do it more often .
The majority and the minority began to think in terms of 60 , and strategize in terms of 60 .
And then , in the '90s and oughts , when the filibuster became the only Senate rule that mattered , it was n't such a big leap from the period right before that , and so it did n't cause a showdown , either .
The story of the filibuster is a story of small changes that everybody got used to , which allowed for more small changes that everybody got used to , and so on , until the Senate had undergone a large change indeed .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In a bizarre reaction to changing food supplies , great white pelicans have turned to eating live gannet chicks .
This adaptive behaviour , first revealed by biologist Marta de Ponte Machado , has now been captured on film by a BBC natural history camera crew .
On the island of Malgas in South Africa , the pelicans attack any gannet chick that is left undefended by its parents and is small enough to swallow .
As a result , entire gannet colonies are in danger of being destroyed .
" Pelicans gobbling gannets " is broadcast within the Birds episode of the BBC series Life at 2100GMT on BBC One on Monday 9 November .
Get ready for a fun week .
Check out the instant spike in gold to a brand new high .
Maybe traders are reacting to this FT article about the permanent decline in oil production , which we 've been discussing lately ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Apprentice star and government business adviser Lord Sugar says we should stop talking about the recession .
The government 's Enterprise Champion was giving advice to businesses in Cambridgeshire on Tuesday but lost his composure and swore when he was asked about the credit crunch .
Richard Bond reports .
Just when it seems the music industry is starting to come around to the realities of digital distribution , groups representing songwriters , composers , and music publishers are hoping to tack on additional licensing fees to music downloaded online .
If fact , the group would like to earn performances fees even from the 30 - second previews you can hear when you browse the iTunes Store .
Licensing issues with iTunes or other digital distributors is nothing new .
The complexities of licensing are a major part of the reason why many countries can't buy or rent movies from the iTunes Store , why DVDs of TV shows and sometimes movies are released with alternate music , and why some episodes of TV shows are n't available for streaming via Netflix 's Watch Instantly feature .
Licensing has also been an issue for musicians .
Eminem 's former production team tried to sue Universal for greater royalties on the Detroit - based rapper 's music when it is downloaded from iTunes versus being purchased on CD .
The argument was that Universal was licensing the music to Apple to sell via iTunes , and therefore should qualify for a much larger royalty attached to licensing instead of the smaller royalty paid for distribution .
The problem , as the music industry sees it , is that songwriters and publishers are not getting performance fees for things like music that plays in the background of movies and TV shows , music streamed via iTunes ' " Radio " feature , and perhaps most bizarrely , the 30 - second song previews that you can listen to so you can decide to buy a song or not .
This public performance fee is separate from the mechanical licensing fees that are a result of sales of music or media containing music — it is usually paid when a song is performed to a live audience , included in a movie you watch at a theater , or broadcast in some way .
" In the US , while we do get paid a mechanical [ licensing fee ] from ITunes , we are not getting any performance income from Apple yet , " David Renzer , chairman and CEO of Universal Music Publishing Group , said in a recent interview .
" [ On iTunes ] you can stream radio , and you can preview [ tracks ] , things that we should be getting paid performance income for .
Also , if you download a film or TV show , there 's no performance [ payment ] and typically there 's no mechanical [ payment ] either . "
Not so fast , says the Digital Media Association 's executive director Jonathan Potter .
First , he explains , songwriters are compensated when music is included in film and TV by a method called synchronization rights .
These are generally paid by a production company when the music is included .
Songwriters also get public performance rights when they are broadcast on TV or played in a movie theater .
Second , performance rights are n't paid on downloads because they are for private use .
" They are saying , ' The songwriters are n't getting paid . '
Baloney , " Potter told CNET .
" Songwriters are getting paid .
They 're paid sync rights and [ mechanical ] rights .
They are n't getting paid for the public performance in a download because there is no public performance in a download . "
As far as Internet radio streamed via iTunes is concerned , that 's already paid for by the webcasters , which includes independent stations like SomaFM as well as services like Pandora or Last.fm .
The multiyear , drawn - out conflict over those fees was settled earlier this year .
As for the 30 - second previews that iTunes lets customers listen to before buying ?
Well , it 's true that Apple does n't pay anything for that ability — though it does have a license to stream previews from the record labels — but this hardly seems like it qualifies as a " performance . "
Potter said that copyright law protects
Apple and other music stores from paying a performance fee for letting customers sample the music .
Really , the problem is that more and more media is being consumed for private use than public use , and what was once a revenue stream for songwriters is drying up — much like digital downloads have gobbled away at CD sales for record labels .
To make matters worse , songwriters and composers have traditionally given up sync rights in hopes that performance fees would bring in more money .
But it does n't seem fair to try to extend public performance rights to try to close a loophole they themselves created .
Efforts to negotiate for additional performance rights have proven fruitless , and that 's why these groups are lobbying Congress to have the law specifically state that downloads involve performance rights .
The current laws concerning these rights was passed before the proliferation of digital distribution , and a federal judge ruled in 2005 that streaming does constitute a performance while downloads do not .
We wo n't argue that policy concerning licensing in general could n't use some updating for the realities of online distribution , but we have to agree with the basic distinction between downloads — which is like buying a CD or DVD for private use — and streaming — which is clearly akin to broadcasting .
And songwriters and other industry professionals need to be aware that the marketplace is changing as well .
" They are picking on Apple because they say Apple is making a bundle of money , " Potter said .
" But these companies should be thrilled that Apple and the other services are selling music and generating millions , maybe tens of millions , in royalties . "
I started Beekeeping in 2009 , in southwestern Ontario , Canada .
I 've been researching honey bees for a few years .
The purpose of this blog is to record my adventures with the bees and to share all my research and notes from books , seminars , training and lectures .
Most of all I want to share what I learn from the bees .
One of the most exciting presentations to come out of JSConf.eu was Ryan Dahl 's presentation of his incredible Node .js project .
Ironically we had just covered it at last week 's NOVALANG session .
I decided it would be a great article for Naked JavaScript in order to provide an nice introduction to Node.js and the broader topic of CommonJS as well .
By the end of this article you will have a functional Node .js installation and built several interesting applications .
Enjoy !
What is Node.js
Node.js is an evented I / O framework built on top of Google 's V8 JavaScript engine .
It 's goal is to provide an incredibly powerful I / O system through which you can build highly efficient and s calable applications without any knowledge of " advanced topics " such as threading , processes , etc . .
It does this by using an event - based programming model similar to Python 's Twisted framework or Ruby 's EventMachine .
In the event - based model , you registered what should happen , commonly referred to as a callback , when an specific event happens .
You do not worry about the capturing , execution , or closing of the event .
This is distinct from threaded programming which requires the developer to identify the " event " , create the thread , execute the processing , and clean up the thread , all of which is complex and littered with hard - to - debug issue .
The easiest way to describe the event model , especially to people coming from browser - based JavaScript , is that it is exactly how you program interactivity in the browser .
Take the following example which shows evented programming using AJAX requests in Dojo , jQuery , and Prototype .
What is going on in each of these AJAX requests is that we describe a function on what to do upon a successful GET request to the specific url , in this case " / dragons " , and that function takes whatever data happens .
In standard procedural programming , one would think that the process would wait for the request to be made and then continue about processing the rest of the program .
In event - based programming , the function is identified and stored until the specified event ( in this case successful response from the GET request ) .
The processing of the program continues on , it does not stop or " block " waiting for the rest of the operation , in this case make and receive the GET request , to finish out .
Once the request and response are executed , then the event is triggered and the stored function is called with the data passed into it .
I am focusing on this because it is vastly different than the normal mode of programming , so its critical to get it right for both Node.js and general event based programming .
Installing Node.js
At the time of this writing , Node.js is only installabled by source , due mainly because it is a constantly evolving project .
To get started open up a terminal in our previous established javascript directory and issue the following commands .
They will checkout the current Node.js branch from Github , configure , make both V8 and Node.js , and install it to /usr / local / bin .
This should work perfectly fine on Mac OS X and Linux , Windows is not currently supported by Node.js .
Once this completes , it will install two Node .js specific executables , node and node - repl .
The first one , node , is used to execute Node .js files , like the ones we will create during this article .
The other , node - repl , is a Read - Eval - Print - Loop which will allow you to quick try out bits of c ode in Node .js without creating a file .
This can be a lot of fun to start with if you want to just verify your installation .
You can run any standard JavaScript code in node - repl directly .
Building HTTP
The event - based programming is fundamental to proper JavaScript programming and Node.js programming and allows for elegant programs that handle massively concurrent systems with little code , memory , and processing power .
The best example of this is the " build a web server " example on the homepage of the Node .js website , re-posted below .
In this non-trivial example , we are setting up a highly scalable , web server bound to port 8000 that simply serves up a " hello world " web page after 2 seconds have past ( have to make it feel real after all ) .
The code is pure JavaScript so it should be relatively easy to understand .
Briefly though , the application is doing the following :
Include the standard libraries system and HTTP AND set the to contextually appropriate variable names .
Create an HTTP server listening on port 8000 and attach the following function to handle any incoming calls .
Within the function ( req , res ) {...} body is where our web action happens , which in this case just sets the response headers , sends the body " Hello World " , and finishes the request .
It does this only after 2 seconds ( 2000 ) have elapsed .
The interesting thing of note here is the way in which the server processing is handled .
The function ( req , res ) {...} that we create here is actually registered to an event ( in this case an incoming HTTP request on port 8000 ) .
When the event happens , the code is then execute with the provided parameters of request object and response object .
This makes great little network server because when nothing is happening ( IE no traffic ) then nothing is happening ( IE no processing ) .
The code after the registration event happens immediately since the listen and processing is done not at the point of interpretation , but at event trigger .
Nom , Nom , Nom
Now that we have created a server , lets create a brand new client to consume the data from that ( or any server ) .
Take a look at the following code and see if it makes sense to you , there are some tricky components of this so take your time .
Forgoing the parts we have already covered , notice the first function we create called read .
It takes a parameter callback which we execute and pass the data to once we have obtained it from the HTTP service .
Within read , we create a HTTP client with the http.createClient( port , domain ) ; syntax , this just sets up the necessary structure for the connection .
Then we assign a get request of " / index " to the connection which returns a request object .
This is not actually make the request yet .
It waits until it is at least provided the finish command so that you can assign HTTP headers or do other processing .
In the request . finish ( ) function we pass an anonymous function that processes the response object , in here things get a little crazy .
Within the anonymous function ( starting at line 6 ) we create an empty string called responseBody and then set the response encoding to UTF - 8 .
We then attach a listener for the event " body " with another anonymous function that appends chunks of data to our responseBody string .
This is the way to pull information from the service and is done in this way to facilitate chunked data delivery , you are actually pulling each chunk of data off the wire and into your string .
This is great for large data chunks because you could start processing the data even while downloading the data .
After one or many " body " events , there will be a " complete " event fired which indicates that the HTTP response has completed .
In the " complete " event anonymous function we simply execute the callback parameter function and pass it the data .
For this example , the call back function only outputs to the console , so nothing special , but in just a small number of lines , you have created a very powerful HTTP consuming application .
Twitter Client
With what we have done so far we can actually create a full and meaningful application consuming an external service instead of our own hello world .
The following code is just a simple modification of the localhost calling HTTP client we just wrote , but this time it is calling Twitter 's search API to find any tweets about JSConf .
This will automatically query the API every minute and pull the newest items and display in bottom posting order .
You can just leave this terminal window open and watch all the tweets fly by while using very little processor time and memory space , 0.1 % CPU and 30 MB on my laptop .
Perfect for netbooks and other battery constrained devices and best of all its only JavaScript !
Other Frivalities
While showing off the HTTP capabilities of Node.js are incredibly sexy and most likely the very future of web application development , it can do so much more .
Take for instance this bit of code from the Node .js API documentation , which opens a raw TCP socket on port 7000 of the loopback interface .
What is incredibly striking about this is that it is so fundamentally similar to the aforementioned HTTP client and HTTP server we created .
In the same fashion as client side JavaScript libraries , Node.js callbacks are uniform regardless of what the event is that is being tracked .
You do not worry about opening the TCP socket , threading , mutexes , or any of that complexity that in any other language would be an initial requirement .
You can have fun with this code using a simple telnet command of :
telnet localhost 7000
Also you apply the evented model to standard system execution as shown in the following code segment which executes a " ls " directory listing command and attaches a callback that will be executed upon the return of the system command execution .
The Node.js execution does not stop or block waiting for the directory listing to occur , instead it continues to execute the next commands .
Conclusion
Node.js is a revolutionary MobileDeutscheCasino .de technology built on top of another powerful revolutionary technology , V8 .
It is gathering a lot of attention within the technology community , mainly driven by Ryan 's riveting presentation at JSConf.eu .
What we have covered is just scratching the surface of the power in this incredibly platform and you owe it to yourself to try your own hand at coding in Node.js , you mind find that you actually enjoy CommonJS programming more than client - side JavaScript !
More Power From The People
For interesting libraries on top of Node.js check out the libraries page on the Node.js Github wiki available at : https://www.wiki.github.com/ry/node
There are some amazing projects out there that will allow you to combine the power of Node.js with other cutting edge technologies .
The survivors ate drifting coconuts and crabs to stay alive A group of men from Papua New Guinea have been rescued after more than two months adrift in the Pacific Ocean .
A helicopter belonging to a US - flagged fishing vessel , the Ocean Encounter , spotted the boat as it drifted off Nauru on Sunday .
Seven men were on board but two died after being rescued by the US crew .
The five survivors are now in hospital in Majuro in the Marshall Islands , thousands of kilometres from where they first set sail .
According to Giff Johnson , editor of the Marshall Islands Journal , they appeared to be " in very serious stages of illness , malnutrition " when they arrived .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service " Four of the five survivors who came off had to be carried off on stretchers , one was able to walk , " he said .
The group - initially of eight men - told rescuers they had been making a short crossing in PNG 's New Ireland area on 14 September when they ran out of petrol .
They said they had seen a number of vessels while they were adrift but failed to attract their attention .
Last Friday one of the eight - a 17 - year - old boy - died after jumping overboard to rescue clothing that had blown away .
The group told a Papua New Guinean sailor on the Ocean Encounter crew that neither they nor he had had enough strength to get him back into the boat , Mr Johnson said .
A second man died shortly after the US vessel rescued them and a third man just hours before the vessel arrived in the port of Majuro on Tuesday evening .
The five survivors were said to be stable in hospital , Mr Johnson said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is supposed to be an actual photograph taken of a moving van that was stopped by NYC police on the evening of September 11 , 2001 , on King Street .
It was sent in to viewzone by a reader with the following information :
Reports of vans packed with explosives were confirmed at the World Trade Center on September 11th , 2001 as well as sub level explosions , among many other explosions .
These vans were also discovered around the area , one had been exploded , another had been stopped for having a picture on the side of it with a plane flying into the World Trade Center and found with explosives in it , and many others .
The FBI actually had confirmed that a device was found in the complex and the building had begun to evacuate .
It was this evidence that made the Federal Agency to speculate that a van packed with explosives was parked in the garage which was detonated to help weaken the structure .
The vans belonged to a moving company owned by an Israeli who fled to Israel before he could be questioned .
The same company employed several other Israeli citizens , here without valid visas , who were reported photographing and viedo - tapine the actual attacks on the World Trade Center , dancing happily and giving eachother the " high - five " hand slap .
These are known as the " dancing Israelis " and have been much written about , however the reports were never investigated in the official 911 report .
Residents of an apartment who witnessed this called police who detained the men and noted that the van also had the suspicious mural .
The men were later freed and returned back to Israel with no further comment by investigating authorities .
The New York City Authorities released the recordings of the radios from that day where one officer reports a van actually exploding and him needing assistance ASAP .
Another series of radio communication confirms that a van was pulled over for having a mural on the side of it depicting a plane flying into the World Trade Center .
Reference to the mural van was also made in the February 2006 Norman Y. Mineta International Institute for Surface Transportation Policy Studies ( MTI ) report entitled : " Saving City Lifelines : Lessons Learned in the 9 - 11 Terrorist Attacks " .
The first , and most mysterious , piece of evidence to highlight comes from an actual transmission from audio from Channel 30 NYC , one of the emergency communications channels , on the morning of September 11 which makes reference to the discovery of a van full of explosives and two suspects located between 6th and 7th on King Street , some blocks away from the World Trade Center .
The bizarre thing about the transmission is that the responder makes reference to a mural painted on the side of the van depicting a " remote controlled plane " diving into New York City .
A full transcript follows the audio :
Begin Transcript :
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : 5 the message about the plane
officer : Sergeant [ inaudible ] seven five ( Miller ? )
officer : 5 [ inaudible ] about the , 10 - 5 the message about the plane
officer : 9414 hold up
officer : 5 the message about the remote - control plane
officer : [ inaudible ] on the air
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ] Trinity and Liberty ?
all city wide task force units are to respond to Liberty Trinity Place
officer : 10 - 4 the message is the plane [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ] task forces c/o : [ inaudible ] and [ inaudible ] will be the mobilization point at this time [ inaudible ]
officer : 10 - 4 c/o central who is [ inaudible ]
officer : did n't find any mention about the plane ( alt : did n't find any admission about the plane )
officer : central , we need the bomb squad and EAQ over at King and ??
background noise ?.
click
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ] units
officer : [ inaudible ] on the air
officer : 9415 you on ?
officer : 85 [ inaudible ] this is uhh operator
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : negat [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ] giving up these [ inaudible ] ( planes ? )
officer : [ inaudible ]
I got a message on that uh plane , it 's a big truck with a mural painted of a of a airplane diving into New York City and exploding [ inaudible ] know what 's in the truck , the truck is in between 6th and 7th on King Street
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ]
10-5 10-5
officer : with a mural painted uh airplane diving into New York blowing up .
Two men got outta the truck ran away from it , we got those two [ inaudible ] under .
officer : kay great .
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ] are you holding those to guys [ inaudible ] ( kay ? )
multiple voices / commotion : [ inaudible ] f** king beat the shit out of him .
officer : [ gasps ]
multiple voices / commotion : [ inaudible ] f** king shit out of him [ inaudible ]
officer : all right listen you need any [ inaudible ] on those two guys over there ?
you all right over there kay ?
officer : we got both suspects under kay , we have the suspects who drive ?
drove in the van and that exploded we have both of them under kay let 's get some help over here
officer : now I 'm sending you [ inaudible ]
I just want to make sure you and your guys all right over there kay , that 's all .
officer : what 's the location [ inaudible ]
officer : put em up , put em up
officer : you know we have both the [ inaudible ] driven that exploded .
Is that correct ?
officer : what location ?
officer : location [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ] location [ inaudible ]
officer : King Street between 6th and 7th
officer : King Street and 6th and 7th avenue , King Street and 6th and 7th avenue
officer : [ inaudible ] on the scene King 6 and 7 , which unit are you kay ?
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : [ inaudible ] explosion
officer : which unit is on the scene at king street ?
officer : truck to Manhattan
officer : [ inaudible ] 10 truck
officer : [ inaudible ] 10 truck is heading a team toward 14 Trinity Place
officer : all right you take care of that for me and get back to me multiple voices : [ inaudible ]
officer : all right just check out that location let me know what you got
officer : [ inaudible ]
4
officer : [ inaudible ] on the air
officer : on the air
officer : [ inaudible ]
officer : that fine with you ?
officer : CIT Units on the air , CIT
officer : [ inaudible ] always available [ inaudible ] we 're talkin
The indication is that the suspects ran away when the van was stopped and were then apprehended following some sort of struggle .
It is then stated that the van has actually exploded .
What do you think ?
COMMENTS :
Does n't pass the giggle test .
This is obviously not a real photo .
I lived in NY for 25 years , and there is no median strip on King Street .
Furthermore , there is no 7th Ave south of Houston .
7th
Ave turns into Varick at Houston .
Any New Yorker knows this .
Especially a cop .
But you have several cops who do n't know this .
Why is no one discussing the fact that Lyndon Johnson drove in a limo on November 22 , 1963 , with a painting on the side depicting him shooting a rifle from the grassy knoll ?
I have a friend who has a cousin who personally saw Johnson high - five Lee Harvey Oswald when Kennedy was shot .
LF
The structure of guilds in video games mirrors the structures of criminal gangs in the real world , and both can be modelled using the same mathematics , say a group of Chinese and American scholars .
Unfortunately , their paper is n't published in a proper open access journal , so we can't review their findings — only the abstract .
Quantifying human group dynamics represents a unique challenge .
Unlike animals and other biological systems , humans form groups in both real ( offline ) and virtual ( online ) spaces –from potentially dangerous street gangs populated mostly by disaffected male youths to the massive global guilds in online role - playing games for which membership currently exceeds tens of millions of people from all possible backgrounds , age groups , and genders .
We have compiled and analyzed data for these two seemingly unrelated offline and online human activities and have uncovered an unexpected quantitative link between them .
Although their overall dynamics differ visibly , we find that a common team - based model can accurately reproduce the quantitative features of each simply by adjusting the average tolerance level and attribute range for each population .
By contrast , we find no evidence to support a version of the model based on like - seeking - like ( i.e. , kinship or " homophily " ) .
I have tried some of the other browsers on the Android Market but always come back to the standard built - in one .
I liked Silver but it did n’t feel like it gave me enough bang for my buck .
I ’ve always enjoyed Opera but never took it seriously enough to install on my G1 .
It seems my default browser is in for a battle though on word that Mozilla Firefox is going mobile .
Mozilla CEO
John Lilly recently said that “ Mozilla will release Firefox for Windows Mobile and then Android . “
Straight from the foxâ€™s mouth !
Lilly went on to explain the reason behind the jump into Android and what we can expect .
Googleâ€™s release of an Android NDK which uses C/C++ , the language Mozilla programs in , was the key that opened up the possibility to develop Firefox for Android .
Â
As far as what to expect does Javascript , CSS , Flash , SVG , add - ons , as well as video and audio excite you ?
“ We [ wanted ] to build a browser that [ does ] everything , ” Lilly said .
No word on a release date but it seems that this may officially mark the beginning of the mobile browser wars !
If Mozilla can meet each or even most of their outlined goals , there is little doubt they will take the lead as king of the mobile browsers !
The retooled Jaguar supercomputer blew away the competition on the latest list of the 500 fastest computers in the world , clocking an incredible 1.759 petaflops — 1,759 trillion calculations per second .
The machine , housed at the Department of Energy ’s Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee , added two more cores with the aid of almost $ 20 million in stimulus spending .
With the new processors , the Cray XT5 plowed past the Top500 competition .
It ’s more than 69 percent faster than the previous record holder , Los Alamos National Laboratory ’s IBM Roadrunner , and is more than twice as powerful as the third - fastest computer on the list .
But it ’s not just how many calculations the machine performs that ’s noteworthy .
The new supercomputer also marks a turning point in the placement for funding of America ’s computing resources .
Jaguar ’s spot atop the list marks the first time a civilian Department of Energy computer has been the most powerful in the world .
Instead of modeling nuclear explosions , which is Roadrunner ’s primary job , Jaguar carries out scientific research on the globe ’s climate and other computational - intensive problems .
“ Supercomputer modeling and simulation is changing the face of science and sharpening America ’s competitive edge , ” said Department of Energy Secretary Steven Chu .
“ Oak Ridge and other DOE national laboratories are helping address major energy and climate challenges and lead America toward a clean energy future . ”
The Department of Energy has long been a chimera of different research components .
The DOE was created out of the Energy Research and Development Agency in the late 1970s , which was itself formed largely out of the Atomic Energy Commission in 1974 .
The AEC managed the national laboratory system that developed during the Manhattan Project and was responsible for both civilian and military nuclear research .
Built on this strange mix and shaped by the ’70s energy crises , the agency ’s roles managing nuclear weapons and civilian energy research have shared the same slice of the federal budget — and defense spending , or civilian research with military applications , tended to receive the lion ’s share of that slice .
In recent years , research into clean energy has received increasing support , a trend which has accelerated under new secretary , Steven Chu , who has directed much of the stimulus spending into developing new energy technologies .
The appearance of a civilian DOE computer in the top spot on the supercomputer list is a sign of the times .
It should be noted , though , that the split between military and civilian supercomputers has n’t been hard and fast .
Supercomputers built to study nuclear explosions have long allocated spare computing time for other types of science .
What ’s special about Jaguar is that it ’s operated entirely within the DOE ’s Office of Science , so civilian science gets priority for the one billion processor hours that the machine can offer .
Jaguar is operated by the National Center for Computational Sciences , which is headed by James Hack , a climate modeler by training .
He said Jaguar ’s upgrades allow for progressively better climate models , continuing a trend that ’s been at work for decades .
“ From the early 80s it may be close to a million fold improvement in computational performance , ” Hack said .
Back then , climate models had to break up the earth ’s surface into chunks with an area of 3,900 square miles .
Now , they can run simulations where each unit is just 10 to 20 square miles .
In the old models , Lake Erie would have been two or three boxes .
Now , it could be represented by more than 1,000 individual units that can more accurately reflect local conditions .
All that resolution is increasing the accuracy of the simulations .
In July , a model run on the supercomputer became the first to accurately depict an abrupt climate change in the past .
“ The speed and power of petascale computing enables researchers to explore increased complexity in dynamic systems , ” Hack said in a press release .
In the Moore ’s Law driven world of supercomputing , Jaguar — at least in its current incarnation — is not likely to lead the list for long .
Several plans are afoot for computers that will carry out tens of petaflops that could be running in just a few years .
Image : A very high - resolution model of carbon flux as dawn breaks across the United States .
The green represents carbon uptake , while the red shows carbon outflow / ORNL .
Video : Climate model run on Jaguar .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Russia 's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has promised there will be no " shocks " in Europe 's gas supply this winter .
At a meeting between Mr Putin and Ukraine 's prime minister , it appeared an agreement had already been reached over Russia 's supply of gas to its neighbour .
Parts of central Europe had their gas cut back in January as Russia and Ukraine argued over prices .
Emma North reports .
Yet another triumph for Kevin Myers with his article ' Africa has to learn lessons -- the hard way if necessary ' ( Irish Independent , October 30 ) .
The appalling catastrophe of out - of - control population growth in Africa and elsewhere seems to be a complete unmentionable , not only for Concern and other aid agencies , but also for the global political establishment , despite the ruination of our planet and the misery and death directly resulting .
The facts are utterly stark .
The global population is growing at 80 million per year .
This is the equivalent of a new country the size of Germany every 12 months .
The African population has grown from 221 million in 1950 to 973 million last year and is projected to reach 1.7 billion by 2050 .
In contrast , the population of Europe shrank by three million between 1950 and last year .
The consequences are even starker .
According to the UN's Food and Agriculture Organisation , the number of chronically hungry people in the world -- that is people suffering from perpetual and severe hunger -- has risen to one billion .
In addition , as many as two billion more people live in perpetual food insecurity -- missing meals and often not knowing where their next meal will come from .
Lunatic population growth is precisely the reason why world food prices have risen and will continue to rise , pleaded by Concern 's Tom Arnold as the excuse for Ethiopia 's plight .
You 're focused on the symptom , Tom , not the cause .
The pressure on the planet 's resources is such that " ecological debt day " , the day in the year marking the point when global consumption exceeds the Earth 's annual biocapacity , has this year reached September 25 .
For the rest of this year , we will now be eating into environmental resources that can never be replaced .
And ecological debt day is getting earlier every year .
Over-population of the planet is the principle driver of gross over - consumption which is pushing many of our natural life support systems toward a precipice and destroying the bio-diversity on which life on this planet depends .
As many famous experts have pointed out , if we continue to destroy critical ecosystems in this way nothing can bring them back so that the very existence of humanity will be at risk .
It is incredible that the response of world leaders to the issue of over - population in Africa and elsewhere is a deafening silence .
Why ?
China saw the dangers decades ago and took the difficult but correct and courageous decision to stabilise its population .
All foreign aid should be contingent on the implementation of a strictly policed and successful policy of population stabilisation .
Tony Herbert
SUMMERHILL NORTH , CORK
Irish Independent
This is an open letter to you all .
I think on Thanksgiving it's a prime time to say a big thanks - and there 's something in it for you all ...
The idea behind Odbody.com was conceived nearly two years ago and since I 've never known a period in life like it .
We 've designed and planned the site in our spare time , stayed up way past our bedtime far too many times to finish off presentations , business plans and blog posts .
We 've been funded by friends and family who have liked in the idea , possibly hoped we might make them rich one day , but more than likely because they believed in us .
We 've let friends down in numerous ways , generally because by working in our spare time on the site we 've failed to turn up to parties , remember birthdays or ignored phone calls .
We 've also spent our rainy day funds and our future retirement plans on costs to run the site ...
So , in no particular order , I want to thank each and everyone of you for all that you 've done to keep this baby alive so far :
The back bone to every start up company and dream website .
Who would have guessed when we convinced you to part with your grandchildren 's inheritance / future pension plans that we would then hit the biggest world wide recession since World War II ?
I can't thank you enough for helping to fund our dreams and hopes .
I hope and pray in return that this site does make you all internet millionaires .
I can't promise anything , but I can assure you that we have for 2 years lived , eaten , slept and drunk the site and will continue to work as hard as we can to bring you back a return on that investment .
Thank you for all that you 've done .
You guys are always in our thoughts – in the words of a very old ( pretty cheesy ) song ' everything I do , I do it for you ' .
We 've tried to build a site that will give you somewhere to keep your memories .
That 's pretty precious stuff .
We appreciate that , and I thank you for entrusting us with that .
We know that the site is n't all shiny and spangly , we know at times there 's things that still need improving , but day in day out we try to do that .
We have one developer who is working to keep improving what we do .
So thank you for trying it out , thank you for putting up with a clunky bits along the way .
Oh sometimes it 's tough , sometimes when you 're so in love with the idea you get a bit to close to the wood to see the trees ( or the screen to see the keys ) .
That 's where our detractors come in ... comments such as ' Is n't it just a back - slapping site ? ' and , ' But why would I want to store my life ' and the ultimate , ' Is n't that facebook ? ' serve as a metaphorical slap in the face with a wet kipper .
They wake us up from our insular world and make us question everything again – often with a better site at the end of it .
So even though sometimes it hurts , thank you .
Before Odbody we were just normal , everyday people .
Since Odbody , we 've become obsessed , friends have had to cope with a lot from us .
To state a few : Never seeing us , or at best putting up with us turning up late to functions as we give up every spare moment to work on the site .
If we do make it , putting up with us looking dazed and confused as the daylight hurts our eyes having been subjected to 20 hours of glare from the laptop screen .
Consistently being asked to take part in surveys , user testing or feedbackCelebrating birthdays and anniversaries without the yearly card or present – as we forget another thing that has been ousted from our memory to make room in our minds for the next feature we 're developing .
Thank you for still calling us your friends , we can't promise you that it 's going to change overnight , but we really appreciate your love and support .
Where do I start with this ?
If they have n't been asked to part with their cash or put up with all the things our friends have multiplied by ten , then they 've had to cope with the nervous breakdowns , the worries , the dark fears in the middle of the night as we try and take on too much .
Not only that , but add the fact that my dad is quite literally ' pimping ' our site out to everyone he meets and leaving our cards everywhere he goes , and you suddenly realise just how much your loved ones will do for you .
To everyone of you , you all know who you are and you are truly appreciated - you are our inspiration .
Thank you .
Odbody operates with a massive team of five ... four of whom have day jobs , one of which has been employed but will soon have to get a day job ( the joy of raising investment in a recession has finally hit ) .
None of us work together , in fact we 're based in three locations across the UK .
Every one of the team have given up their lives to get this on the road - putting their real life on hold .
We know we 've made mistakes along the way but what I admire is that each time something is n't right , one of the team will find it in themselves to pull it around , see the light at the end of the tunnel and dragging us back from despair and ultimately , making it a better site .
You guys truly rock .
Two years on and I can't thank you enough for taking this ride with me .
So that 's it - a big thank you for all of you .
Two years on and we 're still rocking on , growing slowly but surely .
Living the dream in a recession - hit nightmare .
I hope you all have a fab Thanksgiving .
Chief Stressball
Users could pay for upgrades to 20 Mb at lower than current prices
A major Wiltshire town is to become the first in the UK to offer free public wireless internet access to its entire population , it was claimed .
Swindon Borough Council plan for all 186,000 citizens to have blanket " Wi - Fi mesh " coverage by April 2010 .
Line rental will be free , and there will be no connection charge , say council officials .
Wireless internet allows computer users to access the internet without the need for wired connection to phone lines .
' Much cheaper '
Subscribers to the service - to be called Signal - will have limited access but could pay for 20 Mb upgrades .
This fee would be " significantly less " than current broadband suppliers , scheme bosses estimate .
The £ 1 m project will be run by Digital City UK Ltd , in which Swindon Borough Council has a 35 % share .
Some 1,400 secure access points will be fitted around Swindon , similar to those used in homes " but with a much higher performance , " is is claimed .
' UK roll out '
If successful , there is an intention of working on similar roll - outs of the technology in other towns and cities across the UK .
Swindon Borough Council leader Rod Bluh said : " This is a truly ground - breaking partnership which will have real benefits for everyone living in Swindon .
" We 're doing it , we 've done it , and we 're the first to do it . "
The service will also have the potential to provide free internet phone - calls and remote medical consultations .
Anti-virus software , and popular services offered by Microsoft and Google will all be on the network .
Other UK cities have had trials of the schemes , but this is the first time an entire town area will be covered by council - backed public Wi -Fi .
Experiments with magnets and conductors
Copper Pipes
Description :
This is an excellent demonstration of Lenz 's law and eddy currents .
When a magnet is dropped through a vertical copper pipe , it falls much slower than a steel ball would .
Its rate of fall quickly reaches a terminal velocity and it takes much longer for it to fall out of the other end than a steel ball would take .
Construction :
There is nothing that has to be built or put together for this demonstration .
All that is needed is a strong magnet ( for example , a NIB measuring 1/ 2 " diameter , about 1/8 " thick ) and three or four copper pipes of different sizes .
The following table details the copper pipes I used :
( the air gap is the space between the magnet and the inside wall of the pipe )
( all of the pipes except for the special thick wall pipe can be obtained from most hardware stores )
( the 5th pipe in the picture is actually a red brass thick walled pipe , not as good a conductor as the copper one , number 4 )
( the two thick - walled pipes were obtained from Central Wire and Steel .
Cost is $ 250 for a 12 ' piece ! )
Type of Copper Pipe Length OD ID Wall Thickness Air Gap 3/4 " type L pipe 48 " 0.875 " 0.785 0.045 " 0.143 " 1/2 " type M pipe 48 " 0.625 " 0.569 0.028 " 0.035 " 1/2 " type L pipe 48 " 0.625 " 0.545 0.040 " 0.023 " 1/2 " special thick walled pipe 48 " 0.840 " 0.542 0.149 " 0.021 "
Demonstration :
First , I call for 6 volunteers , four strong ones , one who has excellent eye - hand coordination , and one who has good hand - writing .
I have each of the strong volunteers hold one of the pipes , and I give the eye - hand volunteer a stop - watch , and I give the good hand writing volunteer a pen and paper to be a recorder .
On the paper are two columns and three rows as shown below :
Pipe Steel Ball Magnet 1 2 3 4
This is used to record the time it takes for a steel ball and a magnet to fall from one end of the pipe to the other .
To help catch the ball or magnet as it falls out of the pipe , I place an empty plastic butter dish under each pipe , asking the volunteers to keep the bottom end of the pipe over the dish .
This also helps as an audio cue as to when the object has exited the pipe , so the stop - watch person can stop the timer .
I start with the steel ball .
When I say , " Ready , set , GO ! " I am holding the ball at the top edge of the first pipe .
On " GO ! " I let go of the ball and let it fall .
At that same instant , the stop - watch person starts the timer .
When the ball hits the dish on the floor , the stop - watch person stops the timer .
It takes a few tries to get an accurate reading .
Do this a couple of times for each pipe , having the recorder note the times on the sheet of paper .
Next , I bring out the magnet .
Before I do anything , I ask the audience if the magnet will take the same time , less time , or more time than the steel ball did .
I then give reasons why each one may be valid .
For example :
a . Same time , because Galileo proved in 1600 from the Tower of Pisa that all objects fall to earth at the same rate due to gravity .
b. Less time , because the earth is a big magnet and will attract the smaller magnet to it , pulling it down faster than just with gravity .
c. More time , because the magnet has a flat side to it which will cause it to fall slower due to the air resistance .
Now I hold the magnet in position , ready to drop it , and say , " Ready , set , Last time I tried this the magnet never fell out because it got stuck on the rough edge of the pipe where I cut it off .
But as you can see , I removed the roughness to the edge . "
( This was to get the stop - watch person off balance and start timing . )
Then I say , " Ready , set , You need to be ready with the stop - watch because it may not take very long before it falls out ! "
( Again , the stop - watch person would have falsely started timing , keeping him on the edge of his seat . )
Finally I say , " Ready , set , GO ! " and drop the magnet into pipe 1 .
Everyone will be surprised to see that it will take longer than the ball to fall through the pipe .
We 'll scratch our heads and wonder why it took so long !
Then we do the same thing with pipe 2 .
This will have an even more dramatic effect on the speed at which the magnet falls .
Pipe 3 will be more dramatic still .
Pipe 4 will seem to take forever !
Conclusion :
The times noted should be close to the following table :
Pipe Steel Ball Magnet 1 0.50 sec 2 sec 2 0.50 sec 9 sec 3 0.50 sec 17 sec 4 0.50 sec 36 sec
Now , what makes the difference in the time it takes to fall through the pipe ?
a . The distance between the magnet and the inside of the pipe wall .
The closer the magnet is to the inside wall , the slower the magnet will fall .
b. The thickness of the wall of the pipe .
The thicker the wall , the slower the magnet will fall .
Try the same experiment with two magnets stuck together .
Try it with two magnets glued North to North ( it should fall slower still ) .
Are you able to get an aluminum pipe to compare the rate of fall ?
Since you know the length of the pipe and how long it takes to fall through it , you can figure out its speed ( terminal velocity ) .
I made a handy demo unit with a 30 " piece of copper pipe , glued a Plexiglas window to each end ( the windows have a 1/8 " hole in the middle to maintain air pressure equilibrium ) with a NIB magnet inside of it .
Then I taped a 6 " piece of pipe foam to each end to protect the glued windows .
That 's the photo on the left .
The photo on the right is the view of the magnet as it drifts down the length of the pipe .
Watch the magnet as it falls through the pipe .
You 'll see it slowly float down , moving in a small circular pattern as it falls .
It 's really cool !
The magnets can be obtained from Arbor P8 - 1123 .
There is an Eddy Current Kit available showing this same effect , but not as cool , from EdIn M-200 .
This is a simplified diagram showing the areas of attraction and repulsion in this experiment .
Now , I 'm not 100 % certain if the fields really do look this way .
I used a piece of magnetic viewing film held to the outside of the copper pipe , and watched as the magnet slowly made its way down it .
The magnet was only 1/8 " thick .
What I observed was a single transition from North to South , not two as I show in the above diagram .
This certainly requires more investigation .
Here is a new way to visualize this :
http://web.mit.edu/8.02t/www/802TEAL3D/visualizations/faraday/FallingRingResistive/FallingRingResistive.htm
Some of the suppliers given here have kits made up with a section of copper pipe and a magnet that you can use to perform this demonstration .
I 've seen some pipes with a slot machined into the wall of the copper pipe so you can visually see the magnet slowly falling through the pipe ( the speed is slightly affected , but not too much ) .
As seen in the photo above , this can also be demonstrated using an aluminum pipe .
This pipe is 12 " long , 1.5 " OD and 1 " ID with 0.25 " thick walls .
Two spheres come with this kit - one is a NdFeB magnet , the other is a steel ball .
The typical fall time is 4sec with the magnet , and only 0.25sec for the steel ball .
This kit was from http://www.amazingmagnets.com/c-184-eddy-current-demonstrator.aspx and costs about $ 20 .
A nice kit !
Use the equations of motion to determine the time for the steel ball to fall through the pipe .
Use the second equation where s i = 0 , v i = 0 , so time = sqrt ( 2*( distance , ft ) /32 ) .
Equations of Motion ( from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equations_of_motion and other sources ) :
where initial values are :
is the body 's initial velocity is the body 's initial position
and final values are :
I imagine that the opinions are pretty well split on this .
With Facebook being so popular and Microsoft also adding popular online features to there arsenal , its natural progression for Sony to do the same .
I have no problem with people that support this , as it is a good idea and will , at some point at least , be solidly implemented .
I do n't like Facebook , but that is not the issue for me .
For me , its the fact that consoles are now becoming the jack - of - all - trades .
One of the reasons why I always opted for consoles over PC gaming is that they where simple , they just let me play .
Thats what they were built for .
Now , they do alot of things that PC 's do .
But also have all the drawbacks .
Timely downloading ,
updates and what - not .
If this generation is anything to go by , and next gen really does follow on rather than inovate the way we play , then I am going being doing a lot of my gaming on the PC .
It does everything the consoles are trying to do but better .
I never thought I would say this , not because I hate Nintendo , but because I was never sold to the idea ... but ... the Wii really is the true console for hardcore gamers , if what you want to do is play games .
Many may complain with this statement but I have always loved buying consoles , and the awe that could be sometimes felt when you see the latest one .
I have n't felt that for a while .
To me , ' media centre ' does n't sound as appealing .
# ps3
( Natural News )
The late , famed herbalist Dr. John Christopher was nicknamed " Dr. Cayenne " because he was constantly recommending the healing powers of cayenne , the substance found in chili peppers that produces a sensation of heat .
He especially advocated using it for cardiovascular health and even made the claim that doses of cayenne could stop heart attacks in progress ( https://www.naturalnews.com/026869_cayenne_ca... ) .
Now science has come up with proof cayenne does have a remarkable ability to help the heart .
University of Cincinnati ( UC ) scientists have found that capsaicin , the main component of cayenne , may literally stop a heart attack in its tracks when applied topically .
New research just published in the journalconcludes that a common , over - the - counter pain salve containing capsaicin rubbed on the skin during a heart attack could serve as a cardiac - protectant -- reducing or even preventing damage to the heart .
according to Keith Jones , PhD , a researcher in the UC department of pharmacology and cell biophysics .
Dr. Jones and his research team applied capsaicin to specific skin locations in mice that caused reactions in the nervous system .
Specifically , sensory nerves in the skin were triggered to activate what the scientists call cellular " pro-survival " pathways in the heart .
The result ?
The heart muscle was protected from injury .
The researchers also found that a tiny incision made in the abdomen of the lab rodents triggered an 81 percent reduction in the death of heart cells .
" Both this and the capsaicin effect are shown to work through similar neurological mechanisms , " Dr. Jones explained .
" This is a form of remote cardioprotection , using a skin stimulus that activates cardioprotection long before the blocked coronary artery is opened .
" Dr. Jones is currently working in collaboration with cardiologist Neal Weintraub , MD , director of UC 's cardiovascular diseases division , and other clinicians to test capsaicin's heart protective abilities in people .
" Topical capsaicin has no known serious adverse effects and could be easily applied in an ambulance or emergency room setting well in advance of coronary tissue death , " Dr. Jones said in a media statement .
" If proven effective in humans , this therapy has the potential to reduce injury and / or death in the event of a coronary blockage , thereby reducing the extent and consequences of heart attack .
" The researchers think that by activating sensors in the nervous system through skin , a response to preserve and protect the heart is triggered .
" This may be similar to the way certain acupuncture treatments work ; there may be a neurological basis .
In a broad sense , this work may provide a ' Rosetta stone ' for translating alternative medicine techniques -- like acupuncture -- to Western medicine .
Perhaps we can understand the biological mechanisms of how alternative treatments may be successful for patients , " Dr. Jones stated .
NaturalNews is opposed to the use of animals in medical experiments that expose them to harm .
We present these findings in protest of the way in which they were acquired .
But Demjanjuk strenuously denies being at any death camp .
He says he was captured by the Germans in 1942 while serving with the Red Army , then shunted around several POW camps until the war ended , where he worked for various refugee organisations before moving to Ohio .
Yes , ladies and gentlemen , that most epic triumph of human engineering and physics research has finally taken place , and strangely enough our planet 's still in one piece too .
The search for the Higgs boson particle resumed yesterday , somewhere under the Franco - Swiss border , with the CERN research team successfully executing what the LHC was built to do -- accelerating proton beams to nearly the speed of light , then filming the wreckage as they crash into each other .
Having encountered a number of bumps in the road , the researchers have had to significantly scale down the energy at which their early collisions will take place , with the very first ones said to have happened at 900 billion electron volts .
Still , plans are afoot for an imminent shift up to 1.2 trillion electron volts ( TeV ) , which would be the highest energy level any particle accelerator has achieved yet , before a ramp up to 7 TeV over the coming year if all goes well .
Congress should take a stand against any war supplemental bill to fund a surge in Afghanistan , Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) said Tuesday evening .
Kucinich , a liberal Democrat who 's long urged a U.S. pullout of Iraq and Afghanistan , chided an expected Obama administration decision to send 34,000 more troops to Afghanistan , and urged fellow lawmakers to try and block it .
" We cannot just put this only on President Obama 's shoulders , " Kucinich said of the responsibility for making decisions on strategy in Afghanistan .
ADVERTISEMENT
Kucinich said Congress could take some of that responsibility by voting down a possible $ 50 billion war supplemental request to fund the new effort in Afghanistan .
" There 's speculation that we 're going to be asked for another $ 50 billion supplemental , " he said .
" It 's Congress that has to take a stand here , as well , and Congress should say it 's time to end the war .
"
The two - time Democratic presidential candidate lamented President Barack Obama 's reported decision on Afghan strategy , suggesting that military leaders have gained too much control over the White House process .
" It 's clearly an escalation .
And when the president 's talking about ' finish the job , ' the president should be aware that the jobs that people are worried about in the United States are getting people back to work , " Kucinich said .
" It 's not defensible .
It 's not connected to our national security .
And it really raises questions about the extent of the Pentagon 's influence on the administration . "
By Tamara Pearson
November 14 , 2009 -- Mexico City --
In the many metro stations of this giant city , amidst the ugly smell of Pizza Hut and the newspapers vendors yelling out , “ Grafico ! 3 pesos ! ” , every day young people crowd around the handwritten posters recruiting for the national police .
At 12,000 pesos ( US$ 1000 ) per month , and with increasing unemployment and harder prospects , the offer is very tempting .
Since the US - Mexico trade agreement , NAFTA , the number of Mexicans illegally crossing the border into the US seeking employment has risen to 500,000 a year .
Add to this the financial crisis ( as Mexicans often repeat to me ``when the US sneezes Mexico gets pneumonia ’’ ) and Mexico ’s President Felipe Calderon ’s “ fiscal package ” to handle it , which consists of increased consumption taxes on food and medicine , new communication taxes and decreased government spending .
Then add the fact that the minium wage in Mexico today buys a third of what it bought 20 years ago , and you can see how the firing of 44,000 electricity workers , members of the county ’s most combative and independent trade union , SME ( Sindicato Mexicano de Electricistas ) , became the catalyst for a movement deeply angry at both an unfair economic system and a president who used fraud to win election in 2006 .
The electricity workers were fired on October 11 .
On October 16 , around 500,000 people marched in the capital in protest .
One month after the sackings , anger has simmered and again on November 11 there were massive protest marches , road blocks , full and partial strikes all across Mexico .
Mass movement launched
The decision to strike was taken in a massive meeting on November 5 of the newly formed National Assembly of Popular Resistance , made up of around 400 trade unions , and student , rural worker and Indigenous movements , women ’s and gay rights organisations , and left and revolutionary political parties throughout the country .
The meeting was meant to start at 5 pm , but at quarter to five , the hall was already full and the streets outside , where loudspeakers were setup , were also starting to fill up and block traffic .
The chairperson was already welcoming each group , “ Comrades from the teachers ’ union , welcome .
Compañeros of the Socialist Front , welcome ” and so on .
It took about 25 minutes to welcome everyone .
There was an atmosphere of excitement , support and solidarity .
In fact `` This support really is seen !’’ was the chant of the day as speaker after speaker from various trade unions declared that their union would also march and strike on November 11 , and for four hours running each organisation declared how they would contribute to the campaign , how they would hold their own assemblies and would print leaflets and hold a rally here and a march there , in the lead - up to the strike .
During and after each speaker the audience did n’t tire of standing up and waving their fists in the air and chanting .
On the few occasions when unions declared their support but said they would march but not strike , everyone stood up and demanded , “ Strike ! Strike !
Strike ! ” .
The speaker from the telephone workers ’ union detailed how it had donated food to the fired workers , while the left parliamentary party , the Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) spokesperson , a legislator , said the PRD had agreed to support all the decisions the SME takes and to promote any marches it organises .
The PRD handed over a cheque for 154,000 pesos ( US $ 11,700 ) .
University students said they would organise a range of political - cultural events and an “ information week ” to counter the misinformation in the mainstream media , while a rural worker said the SME ’s demands were also their demands , but that they would also add the demand for food sovereignty .
Even the association of retired people had a detailed and ambitious schedule of action to prepare for the national strike .
Martin Esparza , general secretary of the SME , was the last speaker .
He told the meeting : “ With this movement we ’re going to define what kind of country we want …
We have to advance and organise the people of Mexico … We create the wealth , and they socialise the losses …
We pay to import what the Gringos [ United States ] do n’t want . ”
“ They ’re after our collective contracts and our unions ” , he concluded , talking of inequality , the need for dignity and for organisation .
With more chanting -- “ It ’s a struggle of all workers of this country ” , “ Here the workers ’ movement is forming ” , “ Give me an S , M , E .
What does it spel / ?
SME ! SME ! SME ! ” ,
“ Unions united will never be defeated ! ” -- the meeting concluded with a vote to strike on November 11 and to allow the SME to form a temporary organising committee of movement representatives to coordinate the strike plans and campaigning .
Intense week of campaigning
The next morning , National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) students had already put large stickers for the strike all over the insides of trains , and there were hand - painted banners in most faculties of the university calling for assemblies .
The walls were covered with virtual articles on what had really happened to the SME workers .
Many workplaces held their own assemblies and even high school and primary school students marched 10 kilometres on November 8 , with placards such as ``Do n’t steal my future ” .
SME workers marched in the thousands in the centre of the capital on November 9 and 10 .
The long - anticipated march of November 11 was due to leave at 4 pm , but I got there at 2.30 pm , and already there were thousands of people at the starting point , many having a snooze or sitting on a curb reading a news magazine .
Some were spraypainting a huge SME logo on the road , joking about needing some whiteout to fix their mistakes , and chanting when they had finished it .
Street vendors , who make up an ever - growing army of their own as the unemployed look for alternative ways to stay alive , were selling corn , chips and nuts from carts , with posters supporting the strike taped all over them .
When the march left they pushed their carts along with it .
One woman with an SME bandana and placard alternated between joining the chanting of the march and calling out , “ Two gum packets for 5 pesos ! ”
“ I ’m supporting the movement ; I think it ’s a just struggle .
The government is acting in an unconstitutional way , violating the laws and constitution of Mexico , for commercial reasons and in order to privatise " , said one street vendor , Octavio Manzera , when I asked him why he was marching .
He was n’t working that day .
“ I ’m here to support the Mexican people .
I ’m one of those who does n’t support the government we have ” , said a young worker , Bernando Mejia .
“ I ’m here to support the union ” , said Ana Laura Flores , a “ wife of a worker ” as she described herself .
“ I ’m supporting the SME .
I ’m here for the solidarity more than anything ” , university student Omar Vazquez said .
“ I ’m an SME worker .
I ’m an electrical engineer and I was unjustly fired .
This government is a sham , it ’s a government of thieves , they took our jobs unconstitutionally , violating our rights as workers and as humans ” , explained Omar Ruiz , wanting to say so much more , but the march had already started to leave .
Marchers chanted , “ If there ’s no solution there ’ll be revolution ! ” and “ From north to south , east to west , we ’ll take on this struggle , no matter what it costs ! ” , while others sang , and some stuck flags into the arms of the stiff metal statues that line the wide main avenue .
200,000 gather
An hour later we arrived at the huge Zocolo Plaza , filling it , squashed together to the point where an interesting system of lines of humans with hands on shoulders formed in order for people to move through the crowd .
Our march kept arriving for another two hours , while marches from six other locations also continued to arrive .
Organisers estimated that 200,000 people participated in the march , while the left - wing daily La Jornada reported that police estimated 60,000 .
But that march was just one of many , with large marches taking place across the country and in outer suburbs , and workers and movement members blocking roads from six in the morning .
University students closed off the roads leading to TV Azteca , one of the most right - wing TV stations in the country .
There was a protest by “ the Other Campaign ” in front of the US embassy .
Universities went on strike and students and teachers joined the march after their own protests on campus .
Telephone workers ’ unions went on strike .
Some shops had signs saying they were turning off their lights or electricity in solidarity , while many shops were closed .
Miners sent a contingent to the main march and held other marches in seven of the main mining cities and towns .
The National Organisation of Administrative , Manual and Technical Workers of the National Anthropology and History Institute organised partial blockades of museums and archaeological zones .
La Jornada reported that 14 toll booth points were also taken over .
At one road block , on a main road to Puebla , one of the closest cities to the capital , national police dispersed the blockade with tear gas .
La Jornada reported four injured protesters and three police there .
Eleven protesters were arrested and on November 12 told the press that they had been detained incommunicado and some had been beaten .
Standing , listening to the speakers in the Zocolo , with my feet at unnatural angles in the little ground space they had , a man in a mask shared his mandarin with me , and everyone around me listened with good humour and concentration to the speakers .
Some people with a large plastic SME banner tied to ladders wedged their way in front of us .
“ Lower the banner !
We ca n’t see ! ” , yelled the crowd around and behind me .
The banner holders did , and the crowd called out , “ Thanks compañeros ! ”
The students to my left meanwhile were having a ball chanting all sorts of things , laughing , smiling and jumping up and down as it turned cold , and sharing bags of apples around .
By 7.30 pm it was dark and freezing , and I watched the end of the march I had been in arrive .
In it , a group with drums , someone dancing .
Later , a guy with a violin .
Someone in the plaza set off fireworks .
The palace was lit up , barbeque corn could be smelt , a truck with music arrived , then more drums and a guy with a guitar , others in large papier mache masks of politicians , a group of chanters with audibly sore voices , then a guy with a pink papier mache pig -- I could only guess what it represented .
` Violence ’ and `chaos ’
Mexico ’s mainstream media the next day chose to highlight the tear - gas incident , with headlines of “ Violence ” and “ Chaos ” .
The Excelsior headlined with “ Patience tested ” , its biggest photo was of the tear gas , it talked about “ children left without classes ” and naively said “ we ca n’t see what Chiapas is protesting about , SME has nothing to do with them ” .
What the media did not want to talk about was a new solidarity that has formed , and how the movement has gone well beyond a labour conflict , with many more youth participating than during the protests against the electoral fraud of 2006 .
An SME leader ( who prefers to be described as a member ) , Jose Hernandez , told me the mobilisation was much bigger than previous ones , but that it was less apparent as it was spread out in various places and times .
“ Up until now , we ’ve heard of 16 marches in other states , and just in the state of Michoacan , for example , 11,000 schools went on strike , as well all the higher education institutions .
“ It ’s also necessary to consider the amount of disorganisation and domination which the large part of the Mexican working class has found itself in .
What happened today signifies , without any doubt , a `leap ’ in the consciousness of the Mexican working class .
We need to be patient , but it seems to me that we ’re on the threshold of qualitative change . ”
The Mexican people respond to union busting with national strike
By Sindicato Mexicano de Electricistas
November 9 , 2009 --
On the night of October 11 , six thousand soldiers and militariaed police took over the offices of Luz y Fuerza del Centro ( LyFC ) , the state - owned corporation that provides power to Mexico City and some states in Central Mexico ; the entity was liquidated by an executive order issued by Mexico′s President Felipe Calderón .
Since then , the corporate media has been slandering the workers and particularly their union , the Mexican electrical trade union SME ( Sindicato Mexicano de Electricistas ) , one of the most militant and anti-neoliberal unions , which has been fighting against the government 's attempts to privatise the energy industry .
The occupation of the buildings prior to announcing the closure was an illegal preventative strike , with the objective of preventing industrial action or any other form of protest on behalf of the sacked workers .
With the closure of the entity , 44,000 employers lost their jobs and 12,000 retired workers saw their pensions disappear by “ presidential decree ” , in the context of massive unemployment in Mexico ( reaching officially 3 million unemployed and 12 million in the informal economy ) .
The government argued that LyFC was inefficient and was too expensive to support .
However , the reality is that the company was shut down to destroy its union , SME .
This government action is also anti-constitutional , as this violated the labour law and Mexico 's constitution , which declares that the state has the exclusive right to produce and provide electrical service .
It is now well known that the main reason for the closure of the company is the interest in privatising the energy industry ( at the moment , private companies run 40 % of the production of energy for the country ) .
The privatisation of such strategic industry has been a demand of the foreign financial institutions to fulfil the neoliberal agenda imposed on Mexico and accepted by the conservative Mexican ruling class .
The SME has been a thorn in the side of the private companies and the complacent government .
The fact that the state company could provide valuable high - tech service of optical fibre meant that national and foreign communications companies were interested in closing down Luz Y Fuerza so as to gain this lucrative concession to provide the service .
Calderón was the energy minister of the previous government , and knows perfectly well the potential of the industry .
The union was an obstacle to allowing private big corporations to profit from a business worth over US $ 6 billion .
Despite the attacks on the workers and their union , led by the labour and treasury ministries and the corporate media outlets , resistance in Mexico is growing .
The SME has been fighting on the legal front , appealing for legal protection against the illegal sacking of workers and have initiated a lawsuit to demonstrate that the dissolution of the company violates the Mexican constitution .
On November 5 , some of the unionists symbolically took over their offices and put up red and black flags , a traditional Mexican symbol of striking workers .
A judge has declared ( on November 7 ) legal protection for workers .
Brigades of workers , students and people′s organisations have been distributing information at bus stops , roads , their workplaces and neighbourhoods , in an attempt to tell people about the movement and the union , whose struggles are being harassed and defamed by the media .
On November 5 , in a very well - organised general assembly , it was decided to place black and red flags in all the buildings of the now extinct Luz y Fuerza .
Dozens of unions and organisations attended and agreed on a national strike for November 11 .
Road blockades , information sessions , leafleting , coordinated massive absenteeism from work , and strikes when possible , are part of the actions called for the day of action .
The telephone workers will stop administrative services for the day , several other unions will help blocking roads and striking their workplaces .
Other unions and political parties will provide economic assistance to the SME .
The union is asking for national and international solidarity , organising protests and information sessions , bringing representatives or sending economic support for the struggle .
The November 5 assembly , called initially to support the struggle of the electricians , now embodies the discontent of thousands of workers and millions of citizens , left out of the national “ priorities ” determined by the gederal government .
A National Plan of Action will be set after evaluating the results of the national strike on November 11 .
In Mexico , there has not been a national strike in many years .
You can send your support to the union by contacting the union by email at sinmexel@sme.org.mx , contacting the foreign relations secretary Fernando Amezcua .
All your support is welcome .
My apologies for a dearth of posts today .
The Comcast truck just finished repairing my internet connection .
TIME magazine ’s online poll has Jon Stewart of The Daily Show beating all three network anchors as “ America ’s most trusted newscaster ” now that Walter Cronkite is gone .
President Obama is still considering the US strategy in Afghanistan A senior US diplomat in Afghanistan has become the first such person to resign in protest at the war against the Taliban , the Washington Post reported .
State department employee Matthew Hoh , posted to Zabul province , said he quit because he had doubts about why the US was fighting , the paper reported .
His resignation letter , written last month , prompted officials to offer him alternative jobs , but he declined .
President Barack Obama is considering future US strategy in Afghanistan .
In quotes published in the Washington Post , Mr Hoh wrote to the US state department personnel section : " I have lost understanding of and confidence in the strategic purposes of the United States ' presence in Afghanistan .
" I have doubts and reservations about our current strategy and planned future strategy , but my resignation is based not upon how we are pursuing this war , but why and to what end . "
White House ' ripples ' Mr
Hoh said he decided to speak out because " I want people in Iowa , people in Arkansas , people in Arizona , to call their congressman and say , ' Listen , I do n't think this is right ' .
" The Washington Post described the resignation as sending " ripples all the way to the White House " .
To prevent him leaving , officials offered Mr Hoh a job in the US embassy in Kabul .
He was flown to Washington to meet the US special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , Richard Holbrooke , who initially persuaded him to remain to influence policy from within rather than outside government .
We want to have some kind of governance there , and we have some obligation for it not to be a bloodbath
Matthew Hoh
Former US diplomat However , Mr Hoh ultimately refused , and his resignation became final in October .
He said that the insurgency in some parts of Afghanistan arrived only after the US troops did .
The White House has said a decision on a new strategy for Afghanistan , including troop numbers , will be made in the coming weeks , but critics say the process is taking too long .
The top US military commander in Afghanistan , Gen Stanley McChrystal , has asked for at least 40,000 more troops there .
Mr Hoh advised cutting combat troops ; more support for Pakistan ; better US communication and propaganda skills to match those of al - Qaeda ; and more pressure on Afghan President Hamid Karzai to clean up government corruption , the Washington Post reported him as saying .
" We want to have some kind of governance there , and we have some obligation for it not to be a bloodbath , " Mr Hoh said .
" But you have to draw the line somewhere , and say this is their problem to solve . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Suzanne Tecza had spent a year redesigning the library at Middle School 126 in Williamsburg , Brooklyn , including colorful new furniture and elaborate murals of leafy trees .
So when her principal decided this year to give the space to the charter high schools that share the building , Ms. Tecza was furious .
“ It ’s not fair to our students , ” she said of the decision , which gives the charter students access to the room for most of the day .
“ It ’s depriving them of a fully functioning library , something they deserve . ”
In Red Hook , Brooklyn , teachers at Public School 15 said they avoid walking their students past rooms being used by the PAVE Academy Charter School , fearing that they will envy those students for their sparkling - clean classrooms and computers .
On the Lower East Side , the Girls Preparatory Charter School was forced to turn away 50 students it had hoped to accept because it was unable to find more room in the Public School 188 building .
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg has made charter schools one of his third - term priorities , and that means that in New York , battles and resentment over space  already a way of life  will become even more common .
He and his schools chancellor , Joel I. Klein , have allowed nearly two - thirds of the city ’s 99 charter schools to move into public school buildings , officials expect two dozen charter schools to open next fall , and the mayor has said he will push the Legislature to allow him to add 100 more in the next four years .
Our Bad Germany Still Looking for Freedom from David Hasselhoff
For years , the world has mocked Germany for its love affair with David Hasselhoff .
And , for years , Germans have been hoping that the world would forgive and forget .
But now that MTV has invited " the Hoff " to perform in Berlin , just like he did 20 years ago when the Berlin Wall came down , their hopes have been dashed .
If you have n't read Proust , do n't worry .
This lacuna in your cultural development you do not need to fill .
On the other hand , if you have read all of A la Recherche du Temps Perdu , you should be very worried about yourself .
As Proust very well knew , reading his work for as long as it takes is temps perdu , time wasted , time that would be better spent visiting a demented relative , meditating , walking the dog or learning ancient Greek .
In Search of Lost Time , or Remembrance of Things Past , as Proust 's " novel " is variously titled in English , is widely touted as one of the favourite books of the 20th century , second only to The Lord of the Rings .
Fans of Tolkien can certainly handle a marathon read , as can Harry Potter addicts ; but whether they have stayed the distance with Proust seems to me highly doubtful .
ALRDTP is not so much a book as an armful of books .
No bookshop can be relied upon to have all the volumes in stock at any one time .
The cost of the whole work is likely to be prohibitive – unless you can read it in French , in the one - volume paperback edition of the text established by the Bibliothèque de la Pléiade over five years from 1987 .
This is a helluva read , being 2,408 pages , 1.25 m words , and so heavy that you can't read it in bed let alone in the bath ( if you can read it at all , with its crowded , narrow typeface and tiny margins ) .
This cannot be called the definitive text because , when Proust died in 1922 , the last three volumes existed only in typescript , festooned with pasted - in interpolations and additions that Proust 's literary executors tried to make sense of ; they moved some , ignored others , all the while erasing repetitions and inconsistencies in the belief that Proust would have done as much if he had had the time .
Recent editors have restored this momentarily inert mass once more to chaos .
Ulysses , too , is an editor 's nightmare , and ALRDTP should not be damned solely on that account .
But it is damnable in its fake heterosexual voyeurism , and its disparaging and dishonest account of homosexuality .
People who gush over Proust say peculiar things about him .
The Observer 's Robert McCrum thinks he " redefined the terms of fiction " , whatever they may be .
Proust would have been surprised to be told he had defined anything .
In a momentary lapse into barbarism , Nabokov , himself a consummate stylist , described Proust 's prose as " translucid " .
If Proust did not make such a snobbish to - do about diction , it might be easier to forgive him for his battering of the sentence to rubble and his apparent contempt for the paragraph .
He relies on commas and semi-colons to do what should be done by full - stops , of which there are far too few , many of them in the wrong place .
Sentences run to thousands of words and scores of subordinate clauses , until the reader has no recollection of the main clause or indeed whether there ever was one .
Until almost the end of the century , CK Scott Moncrieff's was the only English translation .
It contained all kinds of howlers , which were tinkered with by various publishers to be presented eventually to the anglophone public as two different translations with separate copyrights .
Then Penguin embarked on a genuinely new translation by assorted academics under the general editorship of Christopher Prendergast .
This was generally well received , with one desperate reviewer even imagining that it had captured the " cadence " of Proust 's French .
Supposing you struggle on as far as the fifth volume , which Scott Moncrieff called The Captive , you will find the following : " Tirant d'un flûtiau , d'une cornemuse , des airs de son pays méridional , dont la lumière s'accordait bien avec les beaux jours , un homme en blouse , tenant à la main un nerf de boeuf , et coiffé d'un béret basque , s'arr êtait devant les maisons . "
This Scott Moncrieff hilariously renders as : " Drawing from a penny whistle , from a bagpipe , airs of his own southern country whose sunlight harmonised well with these fine days , a man in a blouse , wielding a bull 's pizzle in his hand and wearing a Basque beret on his head , stopped before each house in turn . "
In Carol Clark 's version for Penguin we read : " Drawing from a penny - whistle or bagpipes melodies from his southern homeland , whose light the fine morning recalled , a man in a smock with a bludgeon in his hand , and wearing a beret , stopped in front of the houses . "
The translators ' manifest difficulties stem at first from Proust 's own imprecision , and are then compounded by their ignorance .
The Pyrenean goatherd carried neither a dried bull 's penis nor a bludgeon – what would he be doing with either ?
He is going to milk his goats and he needs something with which to restrain them : a hobble made of dried bull sinew .
But when all is said and done , Scott Moncrieff remains the pleasanter read .
Once it is understood that all translation is mistranslation , we are free to realise that Scott Moncrieff ( Proust 's contemporary ) keeps us reading at the right pace and rhythm .
Besides , he has no hesitation in using French words that we all understand , while Penguin insists on translating a " concierge " as a " portress " , if you please .
Tennessee is urging 49 other states to come together and create a " joint working group among the states " to combat unconstitutional federal legislation and assert state rights .
Tennessee Gov. Phil Bredesen signed H.J.R. 108 , the State Sovereignty Resolution , on June 23 .
According to the Tenth Amendment Center , the resolution created a committee to form a joint working group among the states to enumerate the abuses of authority by the federal government and seek repeal of imposed mandates .
State Rep. Susan Lynn recently wrote a letter to the other 49 state legislatures , inviting them to join the group and warning that the role of the federal government has been " blurred , bent and breached . "
" The national government has become a complex system of programs whose purposes lie outside of the responsibilities of the enumerated powers and of securing our natural rights , programs that benefit some while others must pay , " Lynn wrote .
" Today , the federal government seeks to control the salaries of those employed by private business , to change the provisions of private contracts , to nationalize banks , insurers and auto manufacturers and to dictate to every person in the land what his or her medical choices will be . "
She continued , " Forcing property from employers to provide health care , legislating what individuals are and are not entitled to and using the labor of some so that others can receive money that they did not earn goes far beyond securing natural rights , and the enumerated powers in the Constitution . "
TRENDING : The indictment of Anthony Fauci for his Big Lie
Lynn said that the people created the federal government to be their agent only for certain enumerated purposes .
" The Tenth Amendment defines the total scope of federal power as being that which has been delegated by the people to the federal government , and also that which is absolutely necessary to advancing those powers specifically enumerated in the Constitution of the United States , " she wrote .
" The rest is to be handled by the state governments , or locally , by the people themselves . "
She noted that the Constitution does not include a congressional power to override state laws , nor does it give the judicial branch unlimited jurisdiction over all matters .
Attempts to include such provisions in the Constitution were rejected by the Founding Fathers .
" With this in mind , " she wrote , " any federal attempt to legislate beyond the Constitutional limits of Congress ' authority is a usurpation of state sovereignty – and unconstitutional .
Governments and political leaders are best held accountable to the will of the people when government is local .
The people of a state know what is best for them ; authorities , potentially thousands of miles away , governing their lives is opposed to the very notion of freedom . "
In one example of Tennessee 's battle against federal - government policies , federal gun regulators wrote to gun dealers around Tennessee in July , dropping the hammer on a state law that exempts weapons made , sold and used inside the state from interstate regulations .
The letter was distributed to holders of federal firearms licenses .
In it , Carson W. Carroll , the assistant director of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , told dealers the Tennessee Firearms Freedom Act , adopted this year , " purports to exempt personal firearms , firearms accessories , and ammunition manufactured in the state , and which remain in the state , from most federal firearms laws and regulations . "
The exemption is not right , the federal - agency letter contends .
More recently , the state of Montana filed a lawsuit against U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder seeking a court order that the federal government stay out of the way of Montana 's management of its own firearms .
As WND reported , the action was filed by the Second Amendment Foundation and the Montana Shooting Sports Association in U.S. District Court in Missoula , Mont. , to validate the principles and terms of the Montana Firearms Freedom Act , which took effect Oct. 3 .
The law provides guns and ammo made , sold and used in Montana would not require any federal forms ; silencers made and sold in Montana would be fully legal and not registered ; and there would be no firearm registration , serial numbers , criminal - records check , waiting periods or paperwork required .
The idea is spreading quickly .
Similar plans have been introduced in many other states .
Montana 's plan is called " An Act exempting from federal regulation under the Commerce Clause of the Constitution of the United States a firearm , a firearm accessory , or ammunition manufactured and retained in Montana . "
The law cites the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution that guarantees to the states and their people all powers not granted to the federal government elsewhere in the Constitution and reserves to the state and people of Montana certain powers as they were understood at the time it was admitted to statehood in 1889 .
" The guaranty of those powers is a matter of contract between the state and people of Montana and the United States as of the time that the compact with the United States was agreed upon and adopted by Montana and the United States in 1889 , " the law states .
The lead attorney for the plaintiffs ' litigation team is Quentin Rhodes of the Missoula firm of Sullivan , Tabaracci & Rhoades , PC .
The team includes other attorneys working in Montana , New York , Florida , Arizona and Washington .
" We 're happy to join this lawsuit , " said Alan Gottlieb , founder of the Second Amendment Foundation , " because we believe this issue should be decided by the courts . "
" We feel very strongly that the federal government has gone way too far in attempting to regulate a lot of activity that occurs only in - state , " added Montana Shooting Sports Association President Gary Marbut .
" The Montana Legislature and governor agreed with us by enacting the ( Montana Firearms Freedom Act ) .
We welcome the support of many other states that are stepping up to the plate with their own firearms - freedom acts . "
Special offers :
Get " Taking America Back , " Joseph Farah 's manifesto for sovereignty , self - reliance and moral renewal
Perfect gift for pistol - packin ' mama – ' Stayin ' Alive ' shows guns are indeed for girls
" Shooting Back : The Right and Duty of Self - Defense "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has unveiled a renewed campaign opposing violence against women .
He says about 70 % of women experience some form of physical or sexual violence from men .
Ban Ki-moon said men must teach each other that real men do n't violate or oppress women .
The 14 men currently in the network include Spanish PM Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero and Archbishop Desmond Tutu .
Mike Wooldridge reports .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
President Barack Obama has praised the United States ' relationship with India as " one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century " .
Addressing Indian PM
Manmohan
Singh on the first state visit of his presidency , Mr Obama said Mr Singh was a " fitting leader " for the occasion .
India was " indispensable " , said Mr Obama , ahead of talks with Mr Singh .
The two leaders pledged to deepen co-operation in areas from security and climate change to trade and education .
Mr Singh began his visit to the US on Monday .
He is being received with more pomp and ceremony than any previous foreign visitor to Mr Obama 's White House , with a lavish state dinner for 320 people .
Divergent views
Ahead of talks with Mr Singh , Mr Obama said the US was ready to work with an increasingly influential India on a number of important issues .
" Our nations are two global leaders , driven not to dominate other nations , but to build a future of security and prosperity for all nations , " he said .
WHITE HOUSE STATE DINNER Food : Potato and egg plant salad , red lentil soup , roasted potato dumplings , green curry prawns Entertainment : Jennifer Hudson and AR Rahman Plates : Bought by Dwight Eisenhower , first US president to visit independent India Flowers : Deep purple , in homage to state bird of India , the peacock Source : AP After the two leaders met , Mr Obama said he had accepted an invitation to visit India next year .
He also said he had agreed to work more closely on sharing information between law enforcement and intelligence agencies .
In his toast for the dinner , Mr Obama said : " Tonight under the stars , we celebrate the spirit that will sustain our partnership , the bonds of friendship between our people . "
The two countries announced eight memoranda aimed at boosting co-operation in areas including education and green technology , and an annual economic and financial forum to be launched next year .
However , they still have differences on issues such as trade , climate change and Pakistan .
Mr Obama 's recent trip to Beijing also raised concerns that US - China relations could be strengthened at the expense of India - a fear that observers say Mr Singh 's reception at the White House was meant to allay .
Nuclear deal Both leaders claimed progress on climate change .
Mr Obama said he had agreed with Mr Singh and Chinese leaders to reach a " strong operational agreement " on reducing global warming .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It takes us one step closer to a successful outcome in Copenhagen , " the president said , referring to a major international climate change conference to be held next month .
Mr Singh said the two leaders had " agreed on the need for a substantive and comprehensive outcome which would cover mitigation , adaptation , finance and technology .
" We reaffirmed our intention to work to this end bilaterally and with all other countries , " he said .
Mr Obama said he was committed to fully implementing a civilian nuclear deal that gives Delhi access to US civilian nuclear technology and fuel in return for inspections of its civilian , but not military , nuclear facilities .
Ahead of the talks , Mr Singh had expressed his concern about the spread of Taliban and al - Qaeda terrorism to Pakistan 's heartlands , and warned against any " premature talks of exit " by Western forces from Afghanistan .
He urged the Obama administration to put pressure on Pakistan to crack down on militants in the country .
Mr Obama also said there had been " some progress " on the issue , pointing to Pakistani military operations against the Taliban in the Swat valley and South Waziristan .
The operations indicate " the degree to which they are beginning to recognise that extremism , even if initially directed to the outside , can ultimately also have an adverse impact on their security internally , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
During the danse macabre of Saturday ( otherwise known as the " Taxpayer March on D.C. " ) at least one voice of sanity was present , a Democrat with some very large cojones .
The villagers were not happy .
Edward Kimmel , 58 , of Takoma Park , Md. , is confronted by opponents of a government run health - care insurance option .
You might imagine that a little shelter already filled to the rafters with discarded dogs and cats would n't exactly launch itself into code - blue alert to save a long - shot homeless cat .
You'd be wrong .
This is the story of a skinny , scraggly , half - frozen cat picked up by animal control during a nasty snowstorm recently at what appeared to be the last seconds of his ninth life .
This is the story of what transpired in the critical hours afterward at the little shelter where he was taken .
I happen to know this story because it occurred at the Teller County Regional Animal Shelter where I 'm a volunteer dog walker .
I also happen to know that it 's the sort of thing that happens regularly in really good shelters all over the country .
PAW PRINT PICK : Good golly , Miss Mollie the cat
So it 's a Friday morning , frigid and icy , after an overnight storm dumped a foot or more of snow .
Animal control receives a call about a cat that may or may not be alive under a deck .
The officer arrives , finds the cat is still living but just barely , and transports it over treacherous roads to the shelter .
" Whatcha got there ? " the shelter director , Mary Steinbeiser , asks when officer Cheri France arrives and puts the carrying crate on the counter .
" A cat , " France says .
" I 'm not sure if it 's still alive . "
Steinbeiser pulls the black and white cat , so cold it 's rigid , out of the carrier .
The eyes are closed .
There 's no movement .
This is an awful moment for anyone who loves animals .
She steels herself .
And then hears the tiniest squeak .
The women exchange glances .
It looks really bad .
But Steinbeiser thrusts the cat at France , who unzips her jacket and presses the cat close to her body , then zips back up .
Steinbeiser races off to toss some already - dried towels back into the dryer to heat them up .
Over the next few hours , Steinbeiser and shelter workers keep substituting warm towels for the ones that have cooled down , a never - ending relay from the laundry room to the office where they 've set up the temporary kitty ICU .
They inject subcutaneous fluids .
A dehydrated cat can't maintain its body temperature , and this was clearly a dehydrated cat , maybe so dehydrated there 's been organ damage .
By afternoon , he is stirring a bit when people approach , opening his eyes , reaching out a paw .
They substitute the warmed - towel approach with a cozy crate next to a heater .
He looks somewhat more alert .
But his heartbeat remains erratic .
When the day is done and everyone is leaving for the night , he 's not as close to lifelessness as he had been .
He 'd even licked up a wee bit of wet food , but " I 'm still thinking it 's possible he might not make it , " Steinbeiser says .
The next morning , she gets a phone call from the early person at the shelter .
" He 's moving around ! " she hears .
He 's wobbly .
Real wobbly .
And in some subtle ways does n't seem quite as solid as he had the night before .
So more fluids are injected , they wrap him up again for several hours and cover his cage with a towel to retain the heat and keep his padded recovery unit quiet and private .
Each time anyone passes the cage , the towel is lifted and a soft , encouraging word is spoken .
By nightfall , it 's clear he has fought his way back again , and he 's determined to not lose his grip this time .
He 's purring .
He 's eating a bit .
And he 's making sure everyone understands that his demonstrated resolve to live is matched only by the boundless sweetness that resides within him .
The tension that 's been swirling about the shelter for the last 36 hours dissipates .
The staff , a little emotional about the miracle that blew in with first big snowstorm of the season , names him Icee .
Now the little black and white cat , about 3 or 4 years old , is prowling the cat room , healthy , plumped up , personable and waiting for a home .
" He is , " says Steinbeiser , " an absolute love . "
He 'd probably say the same right back at her .
This is not a tale from the 1950s .
It is straight out of 21st century New York City .
With an amused smile but an earnest tone , Ms. Lienhard ( who warned the embarrassed tenant that she would get “ no second chances ” ) recalled the incident the other day  just one small drama from a slice of life that many people assume vanished from the city decades ago .
The Webster , on West 34th Street , is one of the few remaining all - female residences in a city that used to have many .
Hotels and apartment houses that provided temporary refuge for young ladies hoping to find fame , or start a career ( or snare a husband ) in the big city occupy a distinct sliver of New York lore .
The most famous , the Barbizon Hotel for Women on East 63rd Street , was memorably depicted in Sylvia Plath ’s 1963 novel “ The Bell Jar ” as populated by well - to - do “ girls ” whose parents “ wanted to make sure their daughters were living in a place where men could n’t get at them and deceive them . ”
Plath gave the place a thinly fictionalized name , the Amazon .
In real life the Barbizon is known for sheltering Grace Kelly while she was studying acting , as well as a young Joan Crawford , Candice Bergen , Ali McGraw , Liza Minnelli and Plath herself .
An ad for the hotel that ran in The New Yorker in 1966 boasted , “ Many of the world ’s most successful women were Barbizon girls . ”
Image EVERY NIGHT IS GIRLS ' NIGHT
One of the “ beau parlors ” at the Webster Apartments , home to 370 women — and no men .
Credit ... Béatrice de Géa for The New York Times
Though the Barbizon and others , such as the Parkside Evangeline on Gramercy Park , have succumbed to developers ’ offers over the years , sold and remade into condos or luxury hotels , the smattering of all - female residences that remain are thriving , most with waiting lists of prospective tenants .
The appeal today is not so different than it was in the past : safety , cleanliness and  especially attractive in modern - day New York  a good real estate deal .
<< Bits and Pieces
Tor Ramsey Email - Director of Children of the Living Dead
( Article by Neil Fawcett © , added 8 - Jan- 2002 )
Released in 2001 , Children of the Living Dead is pretty much universaly accepted as a travesty of film making .
A regular to the Homepage of the Dead forums , Travis Stoffs , posted his thoughts of this film on IMDB to warn other viewers of how poor he thought this it was .
Little did he expect a reply back from the director the film , Tor Ramsey .
Tor 's comments give a little bit of an insight into what happened to this film both during and after its filming .
They are also quite funny / witty as well !
Travis ' thoughts on Children of the Living Dead , as posted on IMDB
You cannot comprehend how bad this film is .
There is not a single facet of this film that is good , or even decent .
I had low expectations for this film , but this sunk even lower than I could have thought .
It looked like the thing was shot on a camcorder .
There was all of one lens used in the entire film , which gave it that nice camcorder feel .
You can see the same background depth in every shot because of this .
Usually you wo n't notice the background revealed to you in a film , but you will if there is no change at all over every single shot .
The lighting was n't dramatic at all and it looked more like a home film than even my flick .
It did n't even try to be scary ... well it did , but it was so overtly done that it made you laugh more than quiver .
They relied on the sunlight too much in the film and did n't attempt to compliment it with outside lighting at all .
Then at night the cemetery and house settings are so obviously artificially lit , and you can even see the lights even though it 's supposed to be out in the country .
The plot makes no sense at all .
Karen
Wolf made no attempt to explain why the hades the lead zombie abducted these kids and kept them alive .
They are just sitting there when found as if just watching TV .
She obviously never even attended a funeral in her life or would know that they bury people right after the funeral , not hours later .
And then some grave robbers show up -- somehow they knew the caskets would still be out of the ground -- and one gets killed , the other is obviously miscast as an old man .
Similarly , the dialogue form the characters is mostly all small talk and you could cut half of it and never even notice .
The characterization is n't there except for two characters who contrast from the rest of the others , but the acitng manages to botch up that distinguishing .
The sound is horrid .
It 's like they recorded on location and added the dialogue later .
The lips often never move , but people are talking .
If the lips are moving , they are n't moving at the same speed as the voice .
The voices do n't fit the facial expressions or have any real emotion to them .
The zombies make groaning noises in the same way ... some have their mouths open , some do n't .
And it 's very obvious .
The dialogue does n't seem to come form any channel , and I wonder if it was recorded in monotone and from equal distance from the microphone for every character .
I 'm almost sure of it .
The direction was equally bad .
There were close - ups where more distant shots could be used because the close - ups seemed forced and weak for the dialogue given .
Then there are long shots that need to be drastically magnified to close - ups in order to give it more dramatic feeling .
The way that we see the lead zombie as a zombie for the first time is like this .
It 's a full body shot and we can see all of this area surrounding him , and the guy does n't seem scary at all , even though his make - up implies we are to think that way about him .
The photography complimented the direction in its ineptitude .
The opening shots are tinted blue for some unknown reason -- and it 's very blatant and unfitting of the time of day of the shot .
A yellow , orange or red tint would have looked better , especially for illuminating the zombies ' faces in the sunlight .
The blue tint better have been some homage to Dawn of the Dead 's blue - faced zombies , but I doubt it .
Even if it was , it is bad filmmaking .
There should have been darker , less focal depth lenses used to make the lighting more dramatic in many , many , many scenes indoors .
You would never know it is supposed to be a horror film in this regard in a whole lot of shots .
The editing and pacing of the scenes was bland .
We get a little bit of drama with the music for one actual scene when the main character is scoping out his house , but the scene just up and ends abruptly , leaving the viewer to wonder " was that it ? ! "
There 's a shot where the lead zombie bites into the neck of a guy in one shot up - close , then it cuts to another shot for some unknown reason and the guy 's neck is still immaculate .
And when the lead character talks to his love interest while ordering coffee , she fills up his cup , then takes it away , refills , wipes the bottom of the saucer and refills his cup again ...
BEFORE HE EVEN TAKES A SIP !
The acting looks like they put an ad in the paper and accepted all non-SAG - eligible actors for parts without even giving them a screen test .
Except for Tom Savini , of course , who even can't overcome bad script and direction to make his character seem cool , just a one - liner - spewing , macho idiot .
It speaks volumes that they hired Bill Hinezman 's daughter (? ) for one of the more prominent zombie parts ; it backs my theory up .
Like I 've put in here several times , you usually do n't notice when things are done correctly ( ie : you do n't go " that shot had great lighting ! " ) , but you sure as heck notice when they go awry in a film , and they go awry in every scene and almost every shot .
If they made a manual for showing how NOT to make a film , they would say " watch Children of the Living Dead . "
Tor Ramsey 's reply Dear Smashismo ,
You filthy scum - sucking bastard !
I read your interview on the IMDB of my masterpiee CHILDREN OF THE LIVING DEAD , and am writing to let you know you can kiss my ass !!!
I know your way home from work , bub , and myself and the Abbot Hayes zombie will be paying a not - so - pleasnt visit sometime soon .
I 'm serious !!
You and the other pole - smokers who totally missed the point of my highly sensitive moving piece are going to pay !!!
If you knew the slightest thing about film , you 'd see the correlations with Bergman 's SEVENTH SEAL grim reaper and Abbot Hayes , not to mention the homage to DW Griffith 's INTOLERANCE and Keaton 's THREE AGES in the alternating storylines that jump ahead !
... of course I 'm kidding you asshole , do n't get so excited .
Actually , I am writing to you to offer my sincerest apology for the 90 minutes of your life wasted watching the movie CHILDREN OF THE LIVING DEAD .
I read your review on the internet and would like to thank you for understating its worthlessness .
You see , I did in fact direct CHILDREN OF THE LIVING DEAD , and you know what ?
It really does suck !!!!
So you 're a filmmaker ?
Quick , find another profession that causes less stress , like painting the tops of radio towers !
But if you insist , perhaps you 'd like to know some of the circumstances behind the amazing CHILDREDN OF THE LIVING DEAD .
Let me address a few specific areas you mentioned :
1 ) we had two lens , a 25:250 and a 18 mm .
Later whenb I gently requested two more primes , a 50 and a 35 , I was blamed for jacking up the budget with unreasonable demands .
(???????)
2 ) the choice of shots is n't as poor as the choice the editor who re-edited made in choosing the shots .
There 's more to work withm he just did n't .
See below
3 ) The robotic delivery of the lines was due mainly to the fact that all the dialogue was looped needlessly and I was invited to the looping session .
4 ) The reason the Savini stuff works better than the rest is that once Savini 's stuff was shot was whem the Karen lunacy binge kicked in full throttle .
5 ) Among the highlights of my brilliant cinematography team was the twomost expensive days of production when they loaded five rolls of film backwards , and shot it without realizing it , ruining precious footage .
Seriously , what can I tell you but the Executive Producer of HALLOWEEN and NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET teamed up with the co-author of the original NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD to do what was described to me as the sequel to NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD , on the same level as a RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD .
Hell , who would n;t have jumped at the chance !
Unfortunately I was to find that if it looks like a duck , sounds like a duck and walks like a duck it ai n’t always a duck .
I was to find out later that the only connection this thing had to George Romero ’s great trilogy was John Russo and the words “ Living Dead ”
The Exec. Producer ’s daughter Karen Lee Wolf wrote a script so horribly incompetent that nearly a dozen writers and directors had walked off the project due to her obsessiveness over no changes being made to her script .
In addition to being an untalented , inexperienced , uninformed --- excuse me while I get my other list of adjectives --- spoiled , immature , arrogant hack .
Karen had never seen DAY OF THE DEAD or DAWN OF THE DEAD or even modern horror films like SCREAM .
In fact she thought zombie movies and Fangoria fans were stupid and would n’t stoop to that level .
So she created a level all her own to stoop to .
The Producer of HOWLING and LAWNMOWER MAN had gotten me on this thing and he immediately began pleading with me to leave the project .
Every one that gopr within a three mile radius of this unreadable abomination told Karen her script --- to use Harry Knowles words “ sucked a big poodle turd ”
She refused to listen , threatening to fire anyone who questioned her script .
Karen conned and manipulated her aging father into greenlighting her pathetic script then Joe let Karen go out to Pittsburgh to “ supervise ” .
In her case , this meant threatening to fire anyone who changed so much as a word in her script .
No shit --- we were running interference on Karen sneaking around to do the gags with Savini .
When actors told me the lines made no sense and wanted to work through the scene , Karen would n’t allow changes to be made .
As for Russo , I was surprised to find him not quite the idiot internet sites make him out to be and certainly does n’t derve to be fed to one of his own zombies as the prevailing winds usually concur . .
He ’s basically a decent guy who should be allowed nowhere near a movie set .
Sadly I must confess his reputation as a hack is well deserved .
He insisted I use his DP , a 63 year old farmer named Bill Hinzman who played the cemetery zombie in the original NIGHT .
Bill ’s previous work was unwatchable garbage like FLESHEATER and SANTA CLAWS and though the Wolf ’s knew Hinzman ’s work , they told me I had to use him anyway due to Russo .
I also had to use Russo ’s pal Bob Michelucci as my Art Director though he had never set foot on a movie set and his experience was limited to doing sets for a softcore porno mag called SCREAM QUEENS .
Russo also insisted on shooting without an on - set art department , no Assistant Directors , no Script Supervisors , no Wardrobe department and no makeup department .
Also no Production Manager .
Basically we had a 9 man crew made up of friends of Russo .
Also Russo said we could not afford a Generator or anything stronger than a 4K .
I did n’t shoot stuff this amateurish in film school .
Here ’s the clincher --- the budget for this thing was $ 500,000 .
Lunch money by Hollywood standards , but my first film was $ 200,000 and when you getout of LA its possible to get at least movie of the week type quality in production value for that amount of money .
But not if the Producers scoop $ 120,000 off the top for their back pockets , and not if the Producer ( Russo ) pays his friends ridiculously high salaries .
I will always maintain that a lack of money is no excuse for poor production value .
Deals can be made and favors called in , and if not then you can get creative with the lighting style and create your own scheme .
In any event , half a million bucks is PLENTY of money to pull in a good - looking movie .
Though I had an Emmy award winning DP who worked for MTV ready to come on board at half his usual rate , they made me hire Hinzman who made almost four times what my guy was going to get .
Next up was they would n’t let me do it SAG , or even using out of toen actors from LA , so we cast using local actors from Pittsburgh --- except for Barrett Worland who was Karen ’s pet project from LA .
Jamie was a non-SAG actress I had worked with before in my first film .
In any event , after five days of auditions , it became obvious I had little to work with .
Savini was great to work with , and I came up with all those gags he did outside , while he came up with the ones in the barn .
I wanted to do much more but my job came in jeopardy when I was accused of allowing Tom Savini to take over the movie .
Later , Joe Wolf found what a name Savini is and said he made a mistake not building the movie around him .
Savini saw the ordeal I was going through and used to come by my room to make sure I was surviving --- he was very supportive and told me these guys did n’t deserve the job I was giving them .
Regarding the final cut of the film , I turned in a Director ’s cut which I felt worked on some level and that at least would n’t be an embarrassment to anyone whose name was involved .
I emphasized the action scenes and whittled the LOOOONNNGGG dialogue driven scenes down to a bare minimum .
I still think it was a lousy movie , but it had a little something going for it , as I cut around some of the bad performances .
( The saying goes that performances are made in the editing room , well poorly edited performances are also . )
Joe Wolf told me he thought we had a winner in the film with the cut I turned in , and others who saw the cut said they thought it worked as a zombie movie .
What happened next was truly mind - boggling .
Karen
Wolf fired every one in Pittsburgh , shut the door on yours truly , and hired a new editor , supervised the edit , then brought in all the actors and replaced the dialogue in nearly every scene .
In her re-edit , she put back in all the long droning scenes of dialogue , then added back in the dialogue of hers that I changed .
I was not present at the looping sessions --- that ’s one reason for the robotic delivery of the actors .
Then to cover the endless plotholes and the lack of structure she added the looped dialogue in ways which as you noted are laughably absurd .
For example --- the first date you see in the film where Matthew takes Laurie to the construction site was originally shot as the final scene in the movie when Matthew takes Laurie to overlook his shattered dreams .
When it was brought up that there was n;t enough character development in the relationship between Laurie and Matthew they added in the ridiculous dialogue you heard and tried to make it look like a first date .
The worst thing she did was in her butchering and slaughtering the sequence with Tom Savini .
Firstly , the incessant mumbling made me wonder if this was a zombie movie or Savini doing Popeye .
Secondly , the scenes were completely robbed of any suspense or tension due to the unorthodox editing and lack of a musical score .
Originally Savini ’s daughter was cast , and she turned in a terrific performance as a girl being pursued by zombies – who Savini saved by blowing up the car .
She was also in the scene right after that with Savini saving her from the two oncoming zombies .
Why she was cut out is probably due to the fact that Karen did n’t like her .
As for the choices in editing , I was n’t present so I have no idea what was going through this guy ’s head --- Lewis Shoenbraun did the re-edit .
I was never once contacted by he or Karen .
To cover the many numerous plotholes that were in Karen ’s script , the two of these guys got together and put together scenes that were outtakes drawn from the context of other scenes with looped dialogue dropped over .
What was going through these people ’s heads is beyond me .
But ai n’t show business grand !
My feeling is that there is a movie in there somewhere in the dailies that is n’t the travesty you unfortunately witnessed .
Sorry you had to sit through it , and as much as I hate to say it , it is my fault for allowing this to go on .
I am apologizing because as Director of the film , it is ultimately my responsibility to deliver the goods .
When circumstances present themselves that make it impossible to do so , my obligation to the craft is to leave the project .
This being my second film , I hung in there because no matter what happened , if I had walked it would look like I was a quitter .
Anyway , my first film is actually quite good and has gotten really good reviews on it .
Perhaps you ’ll have the chance to check it out sometime and I would welcome any feedback on it .
I agree with your assessment of CHILDREN --- based on the cut you saw , myself and every one involved look like idiots .
I ’d like to think I ’m not one , and I ’m walking away from CHILDREN with a brand new perspective on the perils of taking on a project when all the tools a filmmaker should have are taken away .
Like the man said , experience is what you get when you did n’t get what you wanted .
And that is the end of the story !
Best wishes ,
Tor Ramsey
Director CHILDREN OF THE LIVING DEAD Hits : 53888 since 8 - Jan-2002
<< Bits and Pieces
Highlights
DEF CON 17 Program
Lost your program ?
Did n't pick one up ?
Could n't make it to the con ?
Here it is !
( Coming Soon )
DEF CON 17 Closing Ceremonies
Video and audio of the DEF CON 17 Closing Ceremonies
Video
Audio
Contest Results
May be found on the DEF CON 17 Contest Results page .
Audio / Video RSS
Feeds
Speaker & Slides
Slides
Audio
DEF CON 17 CD
Download ISO ( RAR )
DEF CON 17 Website
DEF CON 17 Site
" To my mind it is fundamental to our society to see that powers are not abused or misused .
If they come into conflict with freedom of an individual or with any other of our fundamental freedoms , then it is the province of the Judge to hold the balance between the competing interests . "
Treat equals equally and unequals unequally .
" Justice is … "
" a certain rectitude of mind whereby a man does what he ought to do in the circumstances confronting him . "
it 's " nothing but an artificial invention . "
" the daughter of the law , for the law bringeth her forth . "
" the tolerable accommodation of the conflicting interests of society . "
" a confused concept . "
Petitioner :
" Justice , justice , I demand justice ! "
Judge :
" Silence or I 'll have you removed !
This is a court of law ! "
" the first virtue of social institutions , as truth is of systems of thought , "
" a complex set of passions to be cultivated , not an abstract set of principles to be formulated .
…
Justice begins with compassion and caring , not principles or opinions , but it also involves , right from the start , such ' negative ' emotions as envy , jealousy , indignation , anger , and resentment , a keen sense of having been personally cheated or neglected , and the desire to get even . "
In time , suggested Solomon ,
" the sense of justice emerges as a generalization and , eventually , a rationalization of a personal sense of injustice . "
Might our concept of justice arise when society 's normal moral inertia , the tendency to accept traditions and status quo ethical procedures without challenge , is itself challenged ?
" In the little world in which children have their existence , there is nothing so finely perceived and finely felt , as injustice . "
Sen adds ,
" The identification of redressable injustice is not only what animates us to think about justice and injustice , it is also central … to the theory of justice . "
" Justice
is ultimately connected with the way people 's lives go , and not merely with the nature of institutions surrounding them . "
Two concepts from early Indian jurisprudence , niti ( strict organizational and behavioral rules of justice ) and nyaya ( the larger picture of how such rules affect ordinary lives ) , provide a better prism for justice than Rawls 's obsession with the characterization of just institutions .
Indeed ,
Sen writes in a killer sum -up :
" If a theory of justice is to guide reasoned choice of policies , strategies , or institutions , then the identification of fully just social arrangements is neither necessary nor sufficient . "
" The positions have been drawn , defined , refined , and redefined again .
The qualifications have been qualified , the objections answered and answered again with more objections , and the ramifications further ramified . …
But the hope for a single , neutral , rational position has been thwarted every time . "
Solomon complained that justice theory had
" become so specialized and so academic and so utterly unreadable that it has become just another intellectual puzzle , a conceptual Gordian knot awaiting its academic Alexander . "
Sen signals the need for justice theory to reconnect to realistic human psychology , not the phony formal rationalism that infects modern economics or the for - sake - of - argument altruism
" Everyone is presumed to act justly . " )
" to address questions of enhancing justice and removing injustice , rather than to offer resolutions of questions about the nature of perfect justice , "
" comparative "
" analytical — and rather mathematical — discipline of social - choice theory "
" Reasoning , "
is a robust source of hope and confidence in a world darkened by murky deeds . "
" The remedy for bad reasoning is better reasoning . "
- Lord DenningJustice theory is one subsidiary of philosophy that never really suffers a bad century .
Back in Homeric times , life was simpler .
Justice largely meant personal vengeance .
Complications began when Plato famously pinned on Thrasymachus the view that justice is simply the will of the stronger , and on Glaucon and Callicles the idea that justice is conventional .
Plato argued , through his familiar Socratic ventriloquy , that justice is divine , an ideal to which human justice can only haltingly aspire .
Aristotle then introduced a formal criterion of justice that still wins the greatest agreement , perhaps because it 's merely formal : From then on , follow the history of philosophers ' sentences that beginon and you hit so many diverse endings you wonder whether anyone , including the lady in the blindfold , knows what justice is .
To Aquinas , it 'sTo Hume , To Sir Edward Coke , it 'sTo 20th - century American jurist Learned Hand , it 's Do a survey , and about the only thinker who invites instant agreement is Belgian philosopher of law Chaim Perelman .
According to Perelman , justice is simply
One reason theories of justice abound is the range of the concept , applied to decisions , people , procedures , laws , actions , events .
Justice is usually considered a positive thing , yet some rank it below mercy .
It 's divine for some , purely human for others .
It 's supposedly majestic , yet many complain of its quotidian banality and everyday scarcity .
Recall the old lawyer 's joke :
When Rawls declared justiceand began his painstaking probe of the conditions of just institutions , he re-established a modern tradition dating back to Hobbes : using social - contract theory to articulate ideal forms of social justice , sometimes in quasi-syllogistic form .
But there was also a longstanding , skeptical , antisystematic tradition in justice theory .
Solomon wrote in A Passion for Justice that justice isEconomist and philosopher , Amartya Sen inclines to that view .
He begins An Idea of Justice by quoting Pip in Charles Dickens 's Great Expectations :
It was Solomon , in A Passion for Justice , who voiced the problem that hangs over ostensibly rigorous justice theory , which Sen plainly finds unconvincing yet never quite denounces .
Speaking of the enormous technical literature spawned by Rawls , Nozick , and their acolytes , Solomon wrote : Will Amartya Sen be that Alexander ?
In repeatedly bringing back into the discussion Adam Smith 's Theory of Moral Sentiments , that anchors Rawls 's project .
( In A Theory of Justice , Rawls writes that in his well - ordered society , By declaring his desireSen sinks a knife into the heart of the latter utopian program .
On the other hand , Sen 's own understanding of his aim in The Idea of Justice hardly dismisses formal resources or careful reasoning .
He cites an alternative tradition to social - contract theory , one he identifies as extending from Smith to Mill and beyond and characterizes asin its measuring of the justice actually experienced by individuals .
That countertradition issued , Sen explains , in thedeveloped by Kenneth Arrow in the mid-20th century .
writes
Sen early on , " In The Idea of Justice , Amartya Sen provides us with a stunning model despite his eternally ambiguous and imperfectible subject .
As he so winningly adds , - Carlin Romano , ( " Amartya Sen Shakes Up Justice Theory , " The Chronicle Review , 9.14.09 .
Image : " Blind Justice " , Playboy Magazine Illustration , 1980s ) .
* Seizure illegal , Gaza blockade " crime against humanity " - UN
* Israel 's U.N. envoy rejects charges
GENEVA , July 2 ( Reuters ) - A U.N. human rights investigator on Thursday called Israel 's seizure of a ship carrying relief aid for the Gaza Strip " unlawful " and said its blockade of the territory constituted a " continuing crime against humanity " .
Israeli authorities on Tuesday intercepted the vessel , which was also carrying 21 pro-Palestinian activists , and said it would not be permitted to enter Gaza coastal waters because of security risks in the area and its existing naval blockade .
Richard Falk , the United Nations special rapporteur on human rights in the Palestinian territories , said the move was part of Israel 's " cruel blockade of the entire Palestinian population of Gaza " in violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention prohibiting any form of collective punishment against " an occupied people " .
Falk , an American expert on international law , said Israel 's two - year blockade of Hamas - ruled Gaza restricted vital supplies such as food , medicine and fuel to " bare subsistence levels " .
The International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) said in a report this week that Israel was also halting entry to Gaza of building materials and spare parts needed to repair damage from its 22 - day invasion late last December .
" Such a pattern of continuing blockade under these conditions amounts to such a serious violation of the Geneva Conventions as to constitute a continuing crime against humanity , " Falk said in a statement released in Geneva .
Prior to leaving Cyprus , the ship was inspected by Cypriot authorities in response to Israeli demands to determine whether it carried any weapons , according to the U.N. investigator .
" None were found and Israeli authorities were so informed . "
" Nonetheless , the 21 peace activists on the boat were arrested , held in captivity and have been charged with ' illegal entry ' to Israel even though they had no intention of going to Israel , " Falk added .
ISRAEL ENVOY SAYS FALK " BIASED "
Israel 's ambassador to the U.N. in Geneva , Aharon Leshno - Yaar , rejected the remarks by Falk whom he said was " known for his bias against Israel and anti-Israel statements " .
Israel is allowing relief aid to reach Gaza in coordination with Egypt and the Palestinian Authority , Leshno - Yaar said .
" Clearly the purpose of that ship was to create a buzz and serve as a propaganda vehicle against Israel , " he told Reuters .
Activists from the U.S. - based Free Gaza movement said that Irish Nobel peace prize laureate Mairead Maguire and former U.S. congresswoman Cynthia McKinney were among those aboard .
Falk , who is Jewish , has had his own difficulties with Israeli authorities in trying to fulfil his independent mandate for the U.N. Human Rights Council .
Last December , he was detained and turned back from Israel , forcing him to abort a planned mission to Gaza -- a deportation denounced by U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon .
In a report last March , Falk said Israel 's year - end military assault on the densely population coastal strip of 1.5 million appeared to constitute a grave war crime .
Amnesty International said in a report on Thursday that Israel inflicted " wanton destruction " in the Gaza Strip in attacks that often targeted Palestinian civilians [ IDnL2307109 ] .
A U.N. inquiry into alleged war crimes by both Israel and Hamas militants in the recent conflict held public hearings in Gaza this week and will also hear testimony in Geneva next week .
It is led by former U.N. war crimes prosecutor Richard Goldstone , a South African jurist .
That
Got any news , views , wacky links , praise , criticism , etc ?
Feel free to e-mail me .
Unless you 're some mentalist just writing out of the blue to insult me .
I can do without .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The US F1 Formula 1 team has announced it will use Spain 's Motorland Aragon facilities as its European base from the 2010 season .
The American squad , with its main headquarters in Charlotte , will use Motorland Aragon for testing , car development and as a logistics headquarters .
" Motorland Aragon is the ideal motorsports complex for US F1's European operation , " said sporting director Peter Windsor .
" From the excellent location and weather , to the rich racing heritage and diverse track configurations , Motorland provides America 's first Formula 1 team in more than 40 years with the perfect facility to manage the 2010 season and train for 2011 and beyond . "
Motorland , in Alcaniz , Teruel , is a motorsports complex consisting of three international standard circuit as well as a technology park .
The circuit has been designed by Hermann Tilke .
" Motorland is the only facility of its kind in Europe and we 're thrilled to call it our European home , " said Ken Anderson , US F1 team principal .
" Between the Formula 1 - inspired , Tilke - designed road course and accompanying circuits , as well as the elaborate amenities of the leisure and cultural area , Motorland is truly the perfect complex for US F1 , from both competitive and business perspectives . "
From Iraq to Afghanistan , U.S. Foreign Wars Not Going According to Plan
by William Pfaff
American Foreign Policy and Military Intervention
( c) Kevin Kreneck
Iraq 's prime minister , Nouri al - Maliki , was in Washington recently to consult with Barack Obama and American military and political officials , three weeks after the Status of Forces Agreement concerning U.S. forces in Iraq came into effect .
On the same day , in Iraq , tension was reported to be increasing between the Americans , whose combat forces were supposed to evacuate Baghdad and other cities at the end of June , and the Iraqi military and security forces , who were supposed to take over the Americans ' responsibilities .
American commanders complain that the Iraq authorities have greatly reduced the number of joint patrols , supposed to continue , and in other ways " clearly are signaling that we are no longer wanted " -- according to an American officer quoted in The Wall Street Journal .
Iraqi commanders have told the Americans no longer to run patrols , and not to conduct raids on suspect locations , without coordinating them with the Iraqis .
A foreign diplomat in Baghdad has said that the Iraqis are determined to show that they are now in charge , in the run-up to national elections next year .
Robert Gates , the U.S. Defense secretary , says that the situation is not bad .
However , attacks have sharply increased in recent days , and some observers insist that the Shiite - and Kurdish - dominated government must do more to reconcile the former ruling Sunni minority if sectarian conflict is not to break out again .
The Iraqi prime minister is playing the nationalist card , a dangerous one to play when the Sunnis also have sectarian revindications , and a lot of grievances .
Washington itself has a hand to play in this game , with 130,000 troops ( and at least as many contract forces ) still in the country , whom Barack Obama has promised to withdraw , and the American public wants withdrawn -- and a demagogic American right , for whom national failure means treason .
This is not the way this war was supposed to end .
For younger readers :
Six years ago the American intervention was supposed to end in a multi-party democratic government , an ally of Israel against the supposed menace of Iran , the strategic base and headquarters for the U.S. as dominant actor in a " New Middle East , " and a permanent and secure source of oil for the United States .
None of this has happened .
Iran is the principal beneficiary .
Move to another front : Pakistan - Afghanistan .
Here there was also supposed to be a straightforward job to do : drive the Taliban out of Afghanistan , into their refuges in the semi-inaccessible Tribal Areas of the Pakistan border .
There , the Pakistan army , with American urging and help , would defeat and disarm them , asserting Pakistani national control over the region , as well as U.S. - NATO success in Afghanistan .
What actually is happening is unsurprising .
Pakistan continues to look after its own national interests , as it has always defined them .
This means that the separate radical religious and tribal movements that make up the Taliban continue to be considered an asset to Pakistan in its long - term struggle with India , in defense of its own security , and in order to recover Muslim - populated Kashmir , which India controls .
The Taliban have also been for Pakistan an important instrument ( originally supplied and financed by the United States -- but there 's no time to go into that now , although the fact should be kept in mind ) , in keeping Afghanistan out of hostile hands in Pakistan 's equally long - term effort to control that country as providing Pakistan strategic depth and an additional Muslim bulwark against the threat of India .
Pakistan has made it clear now to Washington -- to those who can read between the lines -- that it wants no American troops inside Pakistan and no more collateral - damage bombing , and considers the American war in Afghanistan a futile and destructive effort , against whose consequences Pakistan must protect itself .
The growing opinion in Europe is that Afghanistan is the United States ' " new Vietnam . "
The truth is that it is worse than Vietnam .
In Vietnam , the United States had a clearly identified enemy , supported by a responsible Communist state in North Vietnam with its government in Hanoi .
The U.S. had a theory about what it was doing : suppressing the insurrection in the South , and bombing North Vietnam until the government stopped the war .
All of this was , in principle , possible .
However the U.S. acted on a nonsensical theory about the world " going Communist " if the U.S. did n't win , just as today the U.S. has an even more nonsensical theory about radical Islam conquering Muslim Asia and all of Europe , and then attacking the U.S. , if Washington fails .
Unlike the Viet Cong , the Taliban are not a disciplined force acting under some government 's orders , and have neither the intention nor means to attack anybody outside Central Asia .
They are motivated by nationalism , today focused against the United States , and by a desire to propagate their form of Islam .
In that respect it 's a war of ideas , which the United States has no theory about how to " win . "
There is no way to make the Taliban surrender .
At most they will temporarily fade away when U.S. and NATO forces begin to fade away , and fight again another day .
There is no Taliban government to bomb .
And there is no way to " make " Afghanistan a democratic ally of the United States .
The " no 's " have it .
American Military Intervention Today Means a Less Secure Tomorrow
William Pfaff
A once - fashionable subject in America 's think tanks was futurology .
It worked by projecting what were thought to be plausible developments in the situation of a given subject that would lead to a series of ' branching points , ' expected eventually to lead the analyst to unforeseen conclusions about what could happen .
However , unexpected developments actually were fairly uncommon , since nearly everyone started with a bias toward one or another desirable outcome .
Obama , Solana Mean Business About Two - State Solution
by William Pfaff
The Israeli press reports with alarm that the United States has threatened to reduce by $ 1 billion the guarantee the U.S.
Treasury customarily provides for Israel state borrowings , which assure them the best commercial terms .
This is evidence that the Obama government is serious about halting Israel 's colonization of the Palestinian territories -- and about imposing , rather than merely inviting , a two - state Middle East solution .
America 's Homeland Security Surplus
William Pfaff
Janet Napolitano , Barack Obama 's secretary of Homeland Security gave a talk at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York , meant to convince American civil libertarians and security specialists that the country can be kept safe , and neighborly as well .
Berlusconi's Indiscretions , Sarkozy 's Rep - Why Sometimes Pays to Be Like Gordon Brown
by William Pfaff
Flamboyance of the Latin kind gets you into the newspapers , but for bad reasons as well as good .
Nicolas Sarkozy of France is not a man noted for charm but for his unchecked energies and the restless activity .
Italy 's Silvio Berlusconi is another matter entirely .
He is a success in politics apparently because the majority of Italians like him .
Indeed , sometimes pays to be a nondescript politician like Gordon Brown of Britain .
Receive Political Commentary
Enter your email address :
Delivered by FeedBurner and iHaveNet.com
From Iraq to Afghanistan , U.S. Foreign Wars Not Going According to Plan
( c ) 2009 Tribune Media Services , Inc .
By forcing bacteria to evolve in ever - changing conditions , scientists have induced a behavior in which colonies formed by microbes with identical genes take radically different forms , as if one sibling in a set of identical quadruplets could sprout gills .
Technically known as " stochastic switching between phenotypic states " — or , more conversationally , hedging your bets — the ability may have been critical to the success of primitive forms of life .
Bet hedging " may have been among the earliest evolutionary solutions to life in variable environments , " even preceding the ability to turn genes on and off , wrote researchers in a study published Wednesday in Nature .
Scientists have known for decades about bet hedging , which is widespread in the natural world .
One well - known example comes from disease - causing bacteria , which randomly produce different surface proteins , a few of which are bound to escape immune system detection .
For all its ubiquity , however , bet - hedging behavior was at first considered counter - intuitive , even baffling .
After all , in any given instance , it 's better to have the right surface protein .
But it 's not always possible to know what 's right in advance , especially in highly variable environments .
In the 1960s , evolutionary biologists made mathematical models suggesting that bet hedging made sense over the long run .
Some researchers even speculated that it was a basic component in the toolbox of early life , allowing primitive microbes to adapt rapidly , without being able to sense their environments or adjust gene activity — a sophisticated ability that probably took hundreds of millions of years to emerge .
But for all this theorizing , the evolution of bet - hedging had until now never been directly observed .
" Almost every biologist knows about this and is fascinated by it , " said study co-author Hubertus Beaumont , a Leiden University biologist .
" We go one step further , and see this evolving in real time . "
Beaumont started the experiment with a population of genetically identical Pseudomonas fluorescens , a common bacterium that divides every 45 minutes and has a relatively small genome , making it easy to study .
From that strain , they seeded 12 different bacterial lines , each growing in a tube of undisturbed , nutrient - rich broth .
After three days , a sample was taken and spread on agar plates to see what type of colonies formed .
The bacteria divided and spread across each plate .
The researchers then took a single sample of the healthiest colony and transferred it to a tube of shaken broth .
After another three days of growth , the P. fluorescens in that tube were again sampled , spread on agar , and the healthiest put back into unshaken broth .
From a human perspective , it was as if tribes that thrived in a forest were suddenly tossed in a desert , then thrown back as soon as they 'd started to adjust .
The switch was performed a total of 16 times , with the researchers sequencing the survivors ' genomes at each step .
Earlier research by Paul Rainey , a Massey University evolutionary geneticist and co-author of the study , showed that different types of broth drove the evolution of different colony types .
Shaken broth favored colonies that , in their aggregates of millions of microbes , had a smooth , rounded appearance .
Unshaken conditions favored the evolution of wrinkled , fast - spreading colonies .
As the rounds of selection continued , some P. fluorescens lines evolved back and forth between wrinkly and smooth types .
But in two of the lines , something special happened :
In the very same tube , sharing the very same genetic inheritance , were cells that formed completely different types of colonies .
Some were wrinkled , and others were smooth .
It was as if those P. fluorescens strains had planned for an unpredictable future .
When the researchers looked at the genomic histories , they found that bet hedging required nine genetic mutations .
The first eight were linked to traits that helped microbes survive in shaken and static tubes .
The ninth , involving a gene important in metabolism , triggered the ability to produce multiple colony forms .
The researchers ran the experiment multiple times , with similar results .
An average of one line in twelve would evolve bet hedging , always as a result of the same accumulation of mutations .
This ability " could reasonably — one might think — take tens of thousands of generations to evolve , " wrote the researchers .
Instead , it took a few months .
That it emerged so rapidly hints at the role it may have played for microbes that had n't yet evolved ability to to sense changes in temperature or nutrient availability , much less respond to them .
" For them , the world was completely unpredictable , " said Beaumont .
" I suspect that if you go back in time , you 'd find organisms with one genotype that could express a wide range of strategies . "
Richard Lenski , a Michigan State University evolutionary biologist known for his decades - long studies of evolutionary dynamics in E. coli colonies , said that it 's difficult to know exactly what happened early in life 's history .
" But their results do show that such adaptations evolve pretty easily , so it 's certainly possible , " said Lenski , who was not involved in the study .
As for what caused colonies to take radically different forms from their genetically identical neighbors , or why that ninth mutation in particular was so critical , Beaumont does n't yet know .
Although we know the mutations , the details of the mechanisms underlying evolution , even in simple bacteria , are often " still hidden in a black box , " he said .
" We want to know what 's going on in that box , " said Beaumont .
" We 're going beyond theory .
We 're doing experiments with evolution itself . "
Image : Hubertus Beaumont
See Also :
Citation : " Experimental evolution of bet hedging . "
Hubertus J. E. Beaumont , Jenna Gallie , Christian Kost , Gayle C. Ferguson & Paul B. Rainey .
Nature , Vol. 461 No. 7269 , November 4 , 2009 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
European antitrust regulators have formally objected to Oracle Corp .'s $ 7.4 - billion US takeover of Sun Microsystems Inc. , citing concerns that the takeover could hurt competition in the database market .
The European Commission sent a statement of objections to Sun on Monday .
At the heart of the issue is Sun 's MySQL division , which makes the most popular open source database software .
Oracle is the market leader in proprietary database software — the kind that is protected by copyright .
The Nasdaq - listed shares of Sun Microsystems have languished amid uncertainty caused by an EU probe into its acquisition by Oracle Corp. ( ( Mark LennihanAssociated Press ) )
The EU launched a probe of the proposed merger in September , a month after U.S. regulators gave the deal their blessing .
The EU competition commissioner 's objection throws into question the merger plan announced in April .
Oracle quickly responded that the European concerns are baseless .
The EU 's objection " reveals a profound misunderstanding of both database competition and open source dynamics , " the company said in a statement .
" It is well understood by those knowledgeable about open source software that because MySQL is open source , it can not be controlled by anyone .
That is the whole point of open source . "
Oracle also said there are " at least eight strong players " in the database market — a point echoed by the U.S. Justice Department on Monday when it again defended its clearance of the merger as being " unlikely to be anticompetitive . "
Sun pins hopes on Oracle
The last time EU regulators objected to a major acquisition that American regulators had cleared was General Electric 's purchase of Honeywell in 2000 .
The EU ended up blocking the deal in 2001 .
Sun bought MySQL last year for $ 1 billion US .
It has struggled for years to turn itself around and arranged for its acquisition by Oracle as a way of giving itself new life .
The uncertainty caused by the EU probe is costing Sun $ 100 million US a month , Oracle CEO Larry Ellison has said .
When Sun released its first - quarter results last week , it revealed a revenue decline of 25 per cent , as competitors IBM and HP , among others , benefited from customer unease over Sun 's future .
Investors also appear worried that the takeover may be in trouble .
Sun shares are trading well below Oracle 's takeover offer of $ 9.50 US a share .
Sun stock traded Tuesday morning at $ 8.31 US , up seven cents from Monday 's close .
EU Competition Commissioner Neelie Kroes has earned a reputation as a fierce supporter of open source technology and has shown no fear of flexing her office 's muscle .
Earlier this year , the EU fined Intel more than € 1 billion for anticompetitive practices .
The European Commission must decide by Jan. 19 whether to approve or reject the Sun -Oracle deal .
Narwhals Vs. Bacon ( password=reddit )
Narwhals = BLU
Bacon = RED ( and therefore much better )
( all times Eastern )
Here 's some more good news from two days ago : enrollment in Latin at a high school called Granville High School in Newark , Ohio ( a city very close to the state capital ) is up for two years running now .
Two years ago 93 students were taking the language , last year it increased a tad to 101 , and this year it reached 160 , meaning that extra sessions were added to accommodate this .
There is no information in the article on whether enrollment has increased throughout the state as well , but it 's very likely considering that this has been the case in other locations such as New York , which has seen a 26 % increase over the past four years .
That link with the New York numbers also mentions that there is a location in the state close to the capital called Clifton Park , which is the area where the largest concentration of Latin students can be found .
In the Shenendehowa Central School District there 420 students are learning Latin , and just looking at this school district alone it would mean that a full 1.15 % of the people living there were learning the language .
Add to that other school districts and people who had studied the language previously and thus retain a bit of skill in the language , and there may be some opportunity there for proponents of Latin 's revival .
The reason for this is given here , on Wikipedia 's page on language revitalization .
There one can see the eight steps proposed for the revitalization of a language , which must be done in sequential order after the previous steps have been achieved .
Steps one to three of this process are as follows :
Acquisition of the language by adults , who in effect act as language apprentices ( recommended where most of the remaining speakers of the language are elderly and socially isolated from other speakers of the language ) .
Create a socially integrated population of active speakers ( or users ) of the language ( at this stage it is usually best to concentrate mainly on the spoken language rather than the written language ) .
In localities where there are a reasonable number of people habitually using the language , encourage the informal use of the language among people of all age groups and within families and bolster its daily use through the establishment of local neighbourhood institutions in which the language is encouraged , protected and ( in certain contexts at least ) used exclusively .
What drives a man or a woman to spend millions of dollars — even tens of millions — of his or her own money to get a job that would place the words senator , representative , governor , or mayor in front of his or her name ?
For most of us unwashed heathens , the multiple millions of their own money these financial elites spend on their political campaigns represent seemingly staggering amounts .
But viewed in the rarified context of the very wealthy , the amounts are petty cash .
For example , former eBay chief executive Meg Whitman has put $ 19 million so far into her campaign for governor of California — but that ’s barely 1.5 percent of her $ 1.3 billion fortune .
Whitman has “ publicly floated the notion of a record - shattering $ 150 - million campaign budget ” — but even if she financed $ 100 million of that herself , that still would only be 7.7 percent of her billion - dollar - plus wallet .
She wants to be governor of what used to be one of the 10 largest economies in the world .
But she takes a back seat to newly re-elected New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg in spending your own money to be somebody big .
No one in American history has spent so much of his own money to win an election .
Bloomberg has now spent $ 261 million to become and remain the mayor of the Big Apple .
That works out to $ 174 per vote this year , $ 85 in 2005 , and $ 74 in 2001 , according to New York Times reporter Michael Barbaro .
Egads — more than a quarter of a billion dollars .
But even that amount of political spending represents only 1.63 percent of Bloomberg ’s $ 16 billion fortune .
But he had to overturn New York City ’s term limits law to win that third term .
Ironically , this year fewer people voted for him — 557,059 — than voted to approve term limits in 1996 — 586,890 .
In an election in which he had been expected to coast easily to his third term because of his extravagant spending and the perceived weakness of his opponent , he won by only 4 percentage points .
Bloomberg had argued that New York City needed his — and only his — expertise in coping with the crisis that enveloped the global economy and hurt the city .
Yes , he does have a credible reputation as mayoral manager .
But to argue that a law must be changed — a law he supported — to allow him to continue in office as the only suitable mayor during an economic downturn is arrogant .
And Village Voice writer Tom Robbins reported that , based on a book by former NYTer Joyce Purnick , “ many months before economic disaster struck in September 2008 — the crisis that Bloomberg said prompted his reversal on term limits — the mayor was already pondering the move . ”
More arrogance .
Size — as measured by wealth — matters in politics .
For example , the total wealth of the 50 richest members of Congress is nearly $ 1.3 billion , an average of about $ 25 million each .
Sen .
John Kerry tops the list at $ 167 million .
But compared with the personal finances of mega-rich political and corporate elites such as Bloomberg and Whitman , Kerry ’s ability to self - finance an election pales .
This trend has been apparent for nearly 20 years , particularly in the land of 90210 .
California , it seems , breeds really rich people who want to buy a political title .
One of Whitman ’s opponents — state Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner — says Whitman ’s trying to buy her way into Sacramento .
Yet Poizner ’s no piker .
He “ sold a high - technology company for $ 1 billion in 2000 , and plunged $ 12 million of his fortune into his 2006 election as insurance commissioner . ”
Internet entrepreneur , eBay founding member , and venture capitalist Steve Westly spent $ 35 million of his own $ 200 - million - plus wealth before losing the gubernatorial primary election in 2006 .
Former Marriott and Northwest Airlines exec Al Checchi burned through $ 40 million of his $ 700 million nest egg in his 1998 race , also losing in the primary .
And who can forget Michael Huffington , who spent $ 28 million of his own money and $ 100 million overall in losing to Sen. Dianne Feinstein in 1994 .
Wealth , combined with time served in office , leads to the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy .
Liberals would argue he ’s been one of the most effective senators in American history ( although credible conservatives might disagree ) .
Yet he spent little of his own fortune to stay in office , at least since 1998 .
Kennedy gave only $ 1.35 million of his own money to his campaigns , compared with $ 28 million in individual contributions and $ 2.6 million in PAC money , according to Federal Election Commission records aggregated by the Center for Responsive Politics .
But Kennedy was far from a billionaire .
His last Senate disclosure estimated his net worth between $ 43 million and $ 163 million .
Money has always spoken loudly in politics .
But the tens of millions available to billionaires to spend on their own campaigns is deafening .
Billionaires have always spent plenty of money on politics .
Since 1978 , one aggregation of data says , 82 billionaires have donated almost $ 62 million to Republican and Democratic candidates .
Some of these wealthy men ( only seven billionaire donors were women ) would argue it ’s a merely a cost of doing business .
Others might argue that campaign contributions to worthy candidates might foster social change ( according to their definitions , of course ) .
Still others might admit that they donate large sums simply because they can .
The last is called really hefty “ political throw - weight . ”
But the political largesse of these 82 billionaires is miniscule compared with Bloomberg ’s $ 261 million and Whitman ’s $ 19 million .
Her spending has been just since January — and the election is still a year away .
Whitman ’s spending , since she has no political profile and has rarely voted , has only one goal — name recognition .
She can afford to spend $ 60 million , $ 80 million , even $ 100 million to have her name on the tongue of every registered California voter .
I have argued ( here and here ) for a radical overhaul of campaign financing .
I have said that Congress should appropriate sufficient monies to adequately pay for every federal and statewide election in America .
If candidates or incumbents took the public money , then they could not take a dime from any other source .
( Forget the money - as - free - speech argument .
The candidate makes the choice , not the donor . )
But is that argument for massive public financing feasible any more ?
When a billionaire 16 times over spends $ 261 million be merely the mayor of a city , how could Congress expect taxpayers to cover that stratospheric cost , let alone statewide and federal races ?
The arrogance of Bloomberg and Whitman — I can outspend anyone , and thereby buy the political office I want — fosters another dramatic and saddening change in how America elects its leaders .
As Bloomberg and Whitman have discovered , they no longer need to press the flesh and make nice to such commoners as mere multimillionaires to raise the money to run .
( There are other consequences , too , as Doc Slammy will explain in his “ Democracy & Elitism ” series beginning today . )
America has plenty of billionaires .
The Forbes 400 ‘s collective net worth is $ 1.27 trillion .
Many are shrewd , capable , intelligent people .
Others were merely lucky , married well , or inherited wealth .
And wealth by itself does not render any citizen ineligible for public office .
( Or poverty , for that matter . )
But what massive wealth offers is literally the ability to avoid the voters .
Yes , all candidates face the electorate at the ballot box .
But wealth affords the ability to artfully mediate or remanufacture the narrative of one ’s self , one ’s policies or positions , one ’s history and biography .
Handshakes and baby - kissing at the county fair are no longer a mandatory ritual for a really rich candidate .
The wealthy can manipulate elections through the legal means of self - financing a campaign .
They can hire the best consultants ( and Bloomberg rewards his consultants with $ 100,000 bonuses ) and produce the most effective ads .
And they can spend money on polling to parse the electorate for targeted emails and direct mail messages .
Most important , they need not depend on the Republican and Democratic national parties for financing .
They need not kiss anyone ’s ass .
These are the major leagues that professional egotists Lou Dobbs and Glenn Beck wish to inhabit .
Despite their large incomes from various media , they ’re still in the minors .
But Rush Limbaugh ?
He ’s at or near the billion - dollar mark , thanks to a first eight - year contract for $ 265 million and a second for $ 400 million ( and the rumored $ 100 million bonus ) .
Limbaugh could self - finance a Senate seat from Florida — or any state he chooses to move to and establish residency .
Frankly , I ’d rather have Salma Hayek move to New York state , where I live , and run for the Senate .
After all , she married well .
With a net worth of $ 7 billion , she could easily buy that seat .
Even Caroline Kennedy , with a net worth estimated between $ 100 million and $ 400 million , could n’t pony up enough .
Welcome to the well - funded New American Political Oligarchy — a Bloomberg - Whitman production .
26 November 2009 : Tube maps have been part of London life since the birth of the Underground , and were initially as confusing as the city itself : a tangle of different lines woven around the curving River Thames .
Enter Harry Beck , an LU engineer who in 1931 came up with the radical idea of presenting the ever - expanding network as a circuit diagram rather than a geographical map – so creating a modernist design icon that has never been bettered .
But as the Oystercard zone expands , are its days numbered ?
Take a look back at the changing face of the tube over the last century
Politicians and pundits try to divide us into " blue " and " red " but millions of Americans make up the vital center .
We want leaders who govern in the spirit of shared patriotism that brought Hamilton , Madison and Jay together to support our Constitution .
Seoul , South Korea ( CNN ) -- North and South Korea said their naval forces clashed Tuesday in disputed waters , and each blamed the other for what is the first such violent incident in seven years .
South Korean Rear Adm .
Lee Ki
Sik said the nation 's forces issued three verbal warnings to a ship from the Communist north once it had crossed a demarcation line late Tuesday morning .
The South Koreans then fired a warning shot , but when the North Korean vessel continued southward , the South Koreans opened fire .
Lee said the North Koreans returned fire before heading back , their ship damaged in the exchange .
North Korea , however , defended its actions .
The patrol boat was on " routine guard , " according to a North Korean army report cited by the official Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) , and the incident occurred because of " provocation perpetrated by the South Korean forces in the waters of the north side . "
" The South Korean military authorities should make an apology to the North side for the armed provocation and take a responsible measure against the recurrence of the similar provocation , " said the report .
Lee said there were no South Korean casualties , and the North Koreans report did n't mention any casualties in the clash , which occurred off the Korean peninsula 's western coast .
Another South Korean official told the nation 's semi-official Yonhap News Agency that South Korea was not ruling out " the possibility that the clash may have been accidental . "
However , South Korean President Lee Myung - bak convened an emergency security meeting and urged the military to ensure that the naval clash did not escalate into something greater , Yonhap reported .
U.S. reaction was muted .
In a briefing aboard Air Force One , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said , " I would say to the North Koreans that we hope that there will be no further action in the Yellow Sea that could be seen as an escalation . "
The naval skirmish comes just days after North Korea pressed for direct talks with the United States , saying the two need to settle their differences before meaningful multilateral nuclear discussions can proceed , state media reported .
The reclusive Communist state pulled out of nuclear talks in April to protest the United Nations ' condemnation of its nuclear test and missile launches .
It has accused Washington of violating its sovereignty by singling it out and reporting it to the United Nations Security Council .
President Obama is scheduled to visit South Korea next week on a trip to Asia that he begins on Thursday .
North Korea will be one of the main issues to be discussed during the tour -- which also will take the president to Japan , China , and Singapore .
North and South Korea have been bitterly divided since the 1950 - 53 war between them ended without a peace treaty .
There was , however , an armistice with the U.N. Command establishing the Northern Limit Line ( NLL ) , a demarcation on the Yellow Sea designed to avert clashes at sea .
But the two nations dispute the exact location of the sea border , and North Korea does not observe the line .
Clashes have occurred before in the Yellow Sea , especially during crab fishing season , according to the defense news Web site Globalsecurity.org .
Since 2001 , North Korean vessels have crossed the NLL 65 times -- 22 were this year -- though most of these incidents do not turn violent .
The first clash since the Korean War that turned deadly took place in June 1999 when a North Korean ship was sunk .
And in 2002 , a series of North Korean incursions sparked an exchange that killed six South Korean sailors and wounded nine others .
GameStops in Northeastern states such as New York , Pennsylvania , and Ohio are selling Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 early , with one store claiming special dispensation from Activision due to street - breaking mom-and - pop stores .
Advertisement
Here in Atlanta we still have to wait until Monday 's midnight launch to pick up Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 , but lucky folks in several Northeastern states are getting their copies earlier .
According to a GameStop employee I spoke to in Bowling Green , Ohio , Activision granted certain area stores special permission to sell the game early , in order to stem the tide of lost customers picking their copies up early from local mom and pop stores .
Update : Activision says this was not the case .
Activision contacted Kotaku today with an official statement regarding the situation in Bowling Green and surrounding areas : " Activision has not given any retailer permission to sell Modern Warfare 2 prior to the Nov. 10 street date .
The company fully supports the Nov.10 street date . "
Advertisement
Second Update : GameStop corporate responded to Kotaku late Sunday afternoon , confirming that the decision to break the street date was made corporately .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The original story continues :
The employee actually greeted me with " Thank you for calling GameStop , where you can pick up Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 . "
Calls to my local GameStop stores were greeted with claims of jealousy and invitations to come by Monday night to pick up my copy .
Dammit .
Advertisement
Thanks to C & C Games for sending us a copy of their receipt , and everyone in New York and Pennsylvania who sent in tips .
Lucky bastards .
The comment section would be an excellent place for you to bitch about the general unfairness of all of this .
Apollo 13 crew reflects on the mission from David Meerman Scott on Vimeo .
Hear the story of what really happened on Apollo 13 from two of the astronauts who were on board , Jim Lovell and Fred Haise .
Lovell provides great detail on the history of the oxygen tank and why it exploded , and both Lovell and Haise have some great stories to share about the flight , movie inaccuracies and more .
Thanks to David Meerman Scott from Apollo Artifacts who took this video at the Kennedy Space Center at the Astronaut Scholarship Foundation event on November 6 , 2009 .
Also on Apollo Artifacts , check out a video of short speech by Neil Armstrong who gave a tribute to the Apollo 12 crew at the flight ’s 40th anniversary gala on November 7 , 2009 .
Japanese police have issued arrest warrants for four American teenagers suspected of stringing a rope across a road and seriously injuring a motorcyclist .
The suspects are the children of US military personnel and police want to charge them with attempted murder .
The female motorcyclist was thrown from her moped when she struck the rope stretched across a Tokyo street .
She suffered a fractured skull and later told police that before she fell she saw four foreigners at the scene .
The four were caught on surveillance camera , prompting police to issue warrants for their arrest on attempted murder charges .
At least two of the suspects live on a US air base in Tokyo .
Japanese police are asking the US military to hand them over .
Guide to greener electronics on your phone
by Chuck Baclagon
From Making Waves
If you have an iphone , palm pre or a mobile that runs on Google ’s android system , you can check out the latest Greenpeace guide to greener electronics on your handset here :
http://www.greenpeace.org/electronicswebapp
Nidhi , one of our new communications interns , made it the other day .
Called a “ mobile webapp ” , it ’s really just a webpage with some fancy javascript and stylesheets ( from jQTouch ) .
We published the latest edition of the Guide to Greener Electronics last week , and silently launched this mobile version too .
There are some bugs still , but for a few hours work it ’ll do the trick .
( If you know how to fix the twitter status bug , please leave a comment here !
Other suggestions also very welcome ! )
Eoin
Leo Cisneros was sentenced to 15 years in prison today for selling marijuana out of his family ’s Denver apartment , nearly two months after a jury found him not guilty of child abuse resulting in the death of his daughter , Auralia .
“ I am really sorry for the decisions I ’ve made in the past and I am going to have to live with this nightmare the rest of my life and do my best to walk the path of God , ” Cisneros said to Judge William Robbins .
Cisneros , 31 , was convicted of possession with intent to distribute marijuana and having a gun while dealing drugs .
Cisneros escaped decades behind bars for the shooting that occurred at the apartment on Nov. 26 , 2007 .
But he still faced significant time on the drug charge — a prison term of eight to 48 years in prison .
Three men tried to force themselves into the Cisneros family home the night Auralia was killed and they exchanged gunfire with Leo Cisneros .
Auralia was shot in the face in the crossfire .
The intruders — Trivi Trujillo , Joshua Rojas and Juvencio Hernandez — all pleaded guilty in the case and are serving between 16 and 24 years in prison .
The Cisneros family believes Trujillo shot Auralia through a window of the family ’s apartment and criticized Denver police for not testing the paths of the bullets .
The Denver police believe Cisneros ’ bullet killed his daughter .
The jury did not have to determine whose bullet killed the girl or decide whether Cisneros was allowed to shoot at the intruders because under Colorado ’s “ Make My Day ” law , he had a right to defend his home .
Prosecutor George Poland told the jury that Cisneros sold a pound of marijuana from the family apartment every 10 days and allowed people to knock on the front door and walk inside to get their drugs .
He said Cisneros placed his child in a dangerous environment that led to her death and that he should have foreseen that a home - invasion robbery could occur .
When questioned by police , Auralia ’s mother admitted that Cisneros occasionally allowed Auralia to hand over the marijuana to customers .
Poland also told the jury that Auralia was holding a baggie of pot in her pocket at the time of her death .
But Auralia ’s mother , along with a neighbor and one of the first Denver officers at the scene , testified they saw Auralia ’s hands across her chest at the time of her death .
The savage suicide bombings in the heart of Baghdad yesterday show how far the violence in Iraq is from being over .
It is as if those who order these bombings know that they only have to repeat these atrocities every couple of months to destabilise the country .
The government of Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki makes itself even more vulnerable by boasting that it is improving security .
Iraq is a safer place than it was three years ago , but it is still one of the more dangerous places in the world .
There is no need to imagine that the slaughter in Haifa Street yesterday was because American troops withdrew from the cities of Iraq three months ago .
With or without US troops , the bombers have been able to get through in Baghdad ever since they destroyed the UN headquarters in 2003 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Suicide car bombings , even when the driver is not planning to detonate his deadly cargo personally , are extremely difficult to stop .
Remember the success the Provisional IRA had in the 1990s in targeting much smaller areas in the city of London and Canary Wharf .
After a bomb eviscerated the Iraqi Foreign Ministry on 19 August the Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said its passage must have been helped by collaborators at army and police checkpoints .
This may be true .
But it is impossible for Iraqi security to search every vehicle , especially as bombers will have made sure that their papers are in order .
It will also have occurred to Iraqi soldiers and policemen that any awards for stopping a suicide bomber are likely to be posthumous .
Enthusiasm for investigating suspicious vehicles is limited .
The bombings do not by themselves prove that Iraq remains unstable .
Unfortunately , there are other pointers such as the failure of 1.6 million internally displaced people to return to their homes .
A study by the International Organisation on Migration explains why these internal Iraqi refugees are not going home .
It says that security may have got better but refugees are still trying to survive " without work , their own home , schooling for children , access to water , electricity and health care " .
Who is behind the bombings ?
Almost certainly it is some cell of al - Qa'ida , possibly acting with the guidance or help of the Baath party or the security service of the old regime .
Al - Qa'ida is not as strong as it was in 2007 , but then it does not have to be to create mayhem .
The main problem in Iraq is that there is no fundamental agreement between the three main communities : the Shia , the Sunni Arabs and the Kurds .
Each group is still looking for the weak points of the others .
The Shia are three - fifths of the population , benefited from the overthrow of the predominantly - Sunni regime of Saddam Hussein and were largely victorious in the sectarian battle for Baghdad in 2005 - 7 .
This does not mean that the Sunni , who make up a fifth of the population , do not retain the strength to destabilise the government unless they get the share of power that they want .
Iraqis themselves tend to see the never - ending violence as a sign that their neighbours intend to prevent the re-emergence of a strong Iraq .
Iran would like another Shia state in the Gulf , but it does not want a powerful government to resurrect itself in Baghdad .
Saudi Arabia has long been aghast at seeing Iraq becoming the first Shia government in the Arab world since Saladin overthrew the Fatimids .
Kuwait is still taking part of Iraq 's desperately needed oil revenues in compensation for its losses in the first Gulf War .
A further problem is Iraq 's undermining the political and economic reconstruction .
The country has had 30 years of war , rebellion and economic sanctions .
Iraq truly is a broken society .
The state is dysfunctional .
There is some good news : the price of oil has risen to $ 80 a barrel .
But even relatively peaceful cities like Basra are full of people who are not being paid .
The government is failing to heal the deep wounds of the past .
Yesterday 's bombings – the deadliest in two years – shows how far Iraq is from solving its problems .
CCTV captures the moment a drunk woman falls into the path of an oncoming train ... and walks away uninjured
This is the chilling video that captures a drunk woman 's brush with death after she fell on to the tracks of an underground station into the path of an oncoming train .
CCTV images capture the woman falling off the platform onto the tracks before horrified bystanders at Boston 's North Station shortly before 11 pm on Friday night .
As the lights of a train can be seen approaching , the bystanders can be seen frantically waving to the driver in a desperate attempt to get her to stop .
Please stop : Bystanders wave frantically as the drunk woman lies on the tracks , illuminated by the lights of an oncoming train
Brush with death :
The woman 's body can be seen underneath the train as the driver comes to a sickening halt
The woman lies motionless on the tracks , apparently having temporarily passed out .
But the female driver of the train reacts instinctively , wrenching her emergency hand brake .
The train comes to a sickening halt - partly over the motionless body of the drunk woman .
Half a second later she leaps out from underneath the train and clambers up the side of the platform .
CCTV captures the woman stumbling from the platform onto the track
A different camera shows the woman tumbling onto the tracks from another angle
Quick - thinking : Train driver Charice Lewis laughs as she recounts the incident to reporters in Boston yesterday
Train driver Charice Lewis , 27 , said that , incredibly , the woman was smiling .
' I 'm like , Oh my God , you really scared me , ' she said as she recounted the chilling moments for reporters .
' It was so close , I thought it was not good . '
Somehow the woman escaped with just scraped knees .
Not only did she narrowly escape being run over , she also narrowly escaped being electrocuted , as CCTV footage showed her foot coming dangerously close to the electrified third rail of the tracks .
The woman , who has not been identified , told police she had been drinking for several hours before .
She was taken to hospital for evaluation .
Ms Lewis was honoured for her quick thinking in the drama yesterday , receiving an award from Boston transport officials and a congratulatory phone call from the governor .
One bystander told the Boston Globe she had locked eyes with the woman as she fell onto the tracks .
' It looked like it was not going to end well , ' she said .
The polar opposites , Ray Tango , a suave and sophisticated police officer , and Gabe Cash , his overzealous long - haired partner , are a mismatched LAPD crime - fighting duo who work tirelessly to bring down their arch - nemesis , the ruthless drug lord , Yves Perret .
However , when Perret manages to incriminate the pesty team with falsified evidence , Ray and Gabe will soon end up in a maximum - security prison , where an almost endless parade of inmates previously incarcerated by them , are waiting for their captors impatiently .
Now , more than ever , Tango and Cash need to put their differences aside to come up quickly with a good plan , not only to escape the jail 's walls but also to even the score with the evil kingpin who put them behind bars once and for all .
Of course , that 's easier said than done .
Written by Nick Riganas
While Eoin Colfer tries to extend The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy series past its expiration date , the BBC looks to adapt a different chapter of Douglas Adams ' work .
Coming to a television near you : Dirk Gently 's Holistic Detective Agency .
Advertisement
Ed Victor , a literary agent who represents the late author 's estate , told British humor outlet Chortle that the BBC has Dirk Gently series in the works , although there 's no telling when we could see such a show :
He said he had seen ‘ a great script – not just a good script ' for the planned adaptation , but warned : ‘ With the BBC , it can take forever ' .
Advertisement
In the books , Dirk Gently is a detective who solves crimes not by looking at the minutiae of evidence , but at the larger picture , figuring out the interconnectedness of everything .
In the first book , he goes on the hunt for a missing cat and stumbles on a greater problem involving the ghost of an alien engineer , the writer Samuel Taylor Coleridge , time travel , and the very fate of humanity .
The BBC previously adapted the Dirk Gently novels as a radio series in 2007 .
Victor said the BBC has also expressed interest in remaking their The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy television series , but that would involve obtaining a license from Disney , which currently owns the Hitchhiker rights .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
BBC plans Dirk Gently TV series [ Chortle via Topless Robot ]
Using a worldwide combination of diverse telescopes , astronomers have discovered that a giant galaxy 's bursts of very high energy gamma rays are coming from a region very close to the supermassive black hole at its core .
The discovery provides important new information about the mysterious workings of the powerful " engines " in the centers of innumerable galaxies throughout the Universe .
The galaxy M87 , 50 million light - years from Earth , harbors at its center a black hole more than six billion times more massive than the Sun .
Black holes are concentrations of matter so dense that not even light can escape their gravitational pull .
The black hole is believed to draw material from its surroundings -- material that , as it falls toward the black hole , forms a tightly - rotating disk .
Processes near this " accretion disk , " powered by the immense gravitational energy of the black hole , propel energetic material outward for thousands of light - years .
This produces the " jets " seen emerging from many galaxies .
In 1998 , astronomers found that M87 also was emitting flares of gamma rays a trillion times more energetic than visible light .
However , the telescopes that discovered these bursts of very high energy gamma rays could not determine exactly where in the galaxy they originated .
In 2007 and 2008 , the astronomers using these gamma-ray telescopes combined forces with a team using the National Science Foundation 's continent - wide Very Long Baseline Array ( VLBA ) , a radio telescope with extremely high resolving power , or ability to see fine detail .
" Combining the gamma - ray observations with the supersharp radio ' vision ' of the VLBA allowed us to see that the gamma rays are coming from a region very near the black hole itself , " said Craig Walker , of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory ( NRAO ) .
" Pinning down this location addresses what was an open question and provides important clues for understanding how such highly energetic emissions are produced in the jets of active galaxies , " said Matthias Beilicke , of Washington University in St. Louis , MO .
advertisement
The gamma-ray flares from the galaxy were monitored by systems of large telescopes designed to detect faint flashes of blue light that result when gamma rays enter the Earth 's atmosphere .
Data from sensitive cameras in these systems can allow astronomers to infer the energy of the gamma rays and the direction from which they came .
Their directional information , however , is not precise enough to narrow down the gamma - ray - emitting region within the galaxy .
The VLBA offered a millionfold improvement in resolving power , allowing the scientists to determine that the gamma rays are coming from the immediate vicinity of the black hole .
Though gamma rays are the most energetic form of electromagnetic radiation and radio waves the least energetic , both often arise from the same regions .
This was shown clearly when M87's most energetic gamma-ray flares were accompanied by the largest flare of radio waves seen from that galaxy by the VLBA .
The radio flare began at about the time of the gamma-ray flares , but continued to increase in brightness for at least two months .
" This tells us that energetic material burst out very close to the black hole , causing the gamma rays to be emitted and the radio flare to begin .
As that material traveled down the jet , expanding and losing energy , the gamma- ray emission ceased , but the radio continued to increase in brightness , " Walker explained .
" The VLBA showed us with great precision where the radio emission came from , so we know the gamma rays came from closer in toward the black hole , " he added .
M87 is the largest galaxy in the Virgo Cluster of galaxies , at the center of a supercluster of galaxies that includes the Local Group , of which our own Milky Way is a member .
The black hole in M87 has an " event horizon , " from which matter cannot escape , roughly twice the size of our Solar System , or a tiny fraction of the size of the entire galaxy .
The new measurements indicate that the gamma rays are coming from an area no larger than 50 times the size of the event horizon .
The telescope systems that detected the gamma-ray flares are the VERITAS array in Arizona , the H.E.S.S. system in Namibia , Africa , and the MAGIC system on La Palma in the Canary Islands .
The VLBA is a system of ten radio - telescope antennas stretching from Hawaii to the Caribbean , operated by the NRAO from Socorro , New Mexico .
The VLBA offers resolving power equal to the ability to read a newspaper in New York while standing in Los Angeles .
Walker and Beilicke worked with Fred Davies of NRAO and New Mexico Tech , Henric Krawczynski of Washington University , Phil Hardee of the University of Alabama , Bill Junor of Los Alamos National Laboratory , Chun Ly of UCLA , and large research teams from VERITAS , H.E.S.S. , and MAGIC .
The scientists reported their findings in the July 2 online edition of the journal Science .
EWD691
On improving the state of the art .
( A somewhat open letter to dr. Martin Rem. ) 25th of October 1978 Dear Martin , Yesterday evening you raised the very broad question what directions computing science ought to take , suggesting that a well - considered answer to that question would be very useful .
( You strengthened your point by the observation that of all the research papers we see , the overwhelming majority is very disappointing and that many research efforts seem misguided .
And I agreed . )
Since you raised the question ( which I left unanswered ) I have been thinking about it .
While doing so I learned that , even if I were able to answer it more or less satisfactorily -- one of these days I might --, I was absolutely uncertain about my answer 's " format " .
To open the discussion I have chosen the form of " a somewhat open letter " , a form that seems to give me the latitude that I need ; please do n't regard this letter as my final answer to your question , as it is no more than a first exploration .
The first rule of the game is that in this discussion we must regard science as if it were an end in itself .
We both know that it never is , yet we must do " as if " , because , whatever the ends may be , you will never get any agreement on them .
( At an American computer conference a few years ago , the keynote speaker explained that computing science was very important because only computing science would enable the USA to maintain its technological supremacy in the face of the Japanese threat .
Some years later , at a computer conference in Tokyo , the keynote speaker explained that computing science was very important , because only computing science could free Japan from the American technological supremacy .
So there you are ! )
Your direct motivation was a profound dissatisfaction with the output of the computing science community , as it appears on the pages of our journals , and I agreed .
Can we analyze the nature of that dissatisfaction ?
In a final answer to the question what directions computing science should take , such an analysis would probably be out of place ; among ourselves a candid analysis could be illuminating .
1 ) There are papers of such peripheral interest that we just cannot read them for lack of knowledge of the subject matter .
It may cover a very special practical field -- say : an aspect peculiar to the processing of seismic data -- or a very special theoretical field -- say : an obscure corner of automata theory --.
Usually we give such subcultures the benefit of the doubt .
The problem is not serious in the sense that it takes very little time to come to the decision to skip an article ; my natural reaction is that , probably , the paper has been published in the wrong journal .
It becomes a serious problem , however , when this skipping device is so frequently activated that whole issues of journals remain unread : then either the editorial policy has failed , or the field is so incoherent that all topics are " peripheral ones " .
( Somewhere in the course of this analysis we should understand why I skip almost all articles in the Journal of the ACM .
I still hesitate to accept my laziness or ignorance as full explanation of this disturbing fact .
I should return to this later . )
2 ) There are papers that , even if they were well - written , are not worth studying because you could hardly learn anything worthwhile from them -- say data - flow analysis for optimization , as complicated by all the peculiarities of PL / I --.
Competent development often leads to such papers : vital for the man who has to solve exactly the same problem , but very little helpful everywhere else .
Such papers , although not worthwhile to study , we should accept -- up to a point , at least -- : they contribute to what is euphemistically described as " the accumulation of knowledge " .
They also contribute to its fragmentation !
To counteract that fragmentation is one of the major calls of scientific research -- a call that is easy to hear , but sometimes hard to obey : look at what happened to nuclear Physics !--.
There is a fair chance that in computing science we should be more alert than in some other disciplines -- such as , for instance , mathematics -- because confusing science and technology , and mistaking development for research seems in our field rather wide - spread , a fact for which " the physical machine " is undoubtedly responsible .
You remember the colleague who , in a sad letter , confessed to me that , at last , his department too had bought a research computer , thus almost ensuring that its output at large would fall down to the general level of mediocrity ?
( If you do n't I shall tell you . )
God save us from the " research vehicle " -- SRC terminology ( UK ) -- for , if you are not very careful , you will find yourself fully absorbed by " driving " it .
This , by the way also explains the almost certain scientific sterility of computing science research establishments primarily manned by electronic engineers , when building something is the best they can think of to do . )
3 ) There are papers that are no more than an artfully disguised report on a not surprising failure .
The paper starts very promising -- as a matter of fact : it promises more than it can give -- and you are intrigued , because the claims have surprised you .
As the paper continues the author 's tools , techniques , and notations become more and more baroque , gradually you lose faith , and eventually you are given the meagre results with the difficulties encountered as " areas suggested for further research " .
Peter Naur has taught us a technique for identifying such papers quickly : start reading backwards .
So we know how to deal with them .
Much more serious than the poor publication is , of course , that the author went into such an obviously blind alley .
It probably means that , when faced with such a problem , many people just attack it with the tools they happen to have , without giving any consideration to their adequacy .
To teach people such an evaluation is one of the hardest tasks of education , it is good to be reminded of its necessity , but I do n't think that the situation is peculiar to computing science .
4 ) There are ugly papers to which I have methodological objections .
4a ) Lousy use of English , that make the paper ranging from empty to ambiguous .
( In the second case you get the feeling that by rewriting it you could perhaps salvage parts of it . )
Such poor use of language puts me off very rapidly .
It makes the reading very much harder and the effort / gain ratio goes up very quickly , also because the gain goes down : it is impossible to carve a gem with a blunt instrument .
Careful use of language is not a dispensable luxury but a vital matter , often deciding between success and failure .
It is in this connection worth noticing that in the Comm .ACM the papers on data bases , AI and information retrieval , and social implications are of markedly lower linguistic quality than the others .
A subcategory are the papers with a shoddy motivation which a more careful linguistic analysis would have revealed as a slogan ( readability , understandability , natural and intuitive , programming for non-programmers , etc. ) .
4 b ) Pompous notations .
This makes the paper boring to read and shows a lack of good taste .
Sometimes the paper can be saved by translating it formula by formula .
Very irritating are such papers when they are essentially an exercise in sterility , such as " the precise formal definition of XXXX " with which subsequently nothing is done because the formalism is absolutely unmanageable .
4c ) Clumsy mathematics .
4d ) Intertwining of concerns that you have learned to separate .
This leads to irritation , for the paper is always confusing , unnecessarily long and clumsy ( and sometimes nonsensical ) .
4e ) Use of misleading metaphors , such as anthropomorphic terminology .
( Most diagrams and pictures , needless to say , fall into the same category . )
I think that the above -- although certainly not complete -- is enough of it .
Part of the problem is certainly not a scientific one .
Many papers are offered by authors who will never become scientists and should not have been manoeuvred into positions in which they are invited to behave as if ; this is not a scientific problem .
Also , publishing is a business in its own right , not obliged to care if the material published is junk , as long as it sells -- some publishers , by the way , do care !-- and this explains ( I refuse to say : justifies ! ) the editorial fear of frightening the readership by publishing material the appreciation of which would require thinking or , even , that could really educate its readers .
Educating people is a very risky business , as most people resist it and object to it .
This is a dilemma , and many politicians believe that the safest way out of it is fraud : you talk about your activities as if they are very educational because that sounds very respectable , while in fact actually educating people is what you most carefully avoid .
( Observe , for instance , our dear current Minister of Education and Sciences . )
So much for the business of publishing .
That is not a scientific problem either .
* *
* ( Continued on 9th of November 1978 . )
In the meantime two requests to give an Invited Speech ( Munich and London , both in September 1979 ) have gathered on my desk , and while thinking about them -- why again I had been invited , whether I should accept or not , what kind of speech I would deliver when I accepted , etc . --
I suddenly remembered my uncompleted letter to you , and decided that this was a most appropriate occasion for its completion .
The two invitations brought back the memory of my first Invited Speech when I had about your age and was hardly known ( IFIP 62 , in Munich ) , and I decided that times indeed have changed .
Very much to my surprise that talk created a sensation , and it did so because it was unusual .
( And that was largely due to my lack of experience and my unfamiliarity with the customs of the international scientific scene : I was just naive and honest and tried to explain , because it seemed to be glossed over , why programming was difficult . )
It was a great success , it was immediately accepted as refreshing , as a new and promising way of talking about an important aspect of our field of which it was almost unanimously accepted that , indeed , it had been neglected .
I can only conclude that at that time I had a very flexible audience .
Six years later the scene had already changed : my -- only explanatory !-- 1968 letter to the Editor of the Comm.ACM evoked primarily abusive letters .
And now , another ten years later , we seem to have reached the stage in which some referees of the Comm .
ACM only deem acceptable things they have already seen before .
Clearly the great difference is that in the meantime a computing science establishment has emerged , which , like all establishments , is very conservative and perhaps even frightened by the thought of change .
( This very morning I read a long paper by A. Endres ( IBM , Böblingen ) who seems to suggest that our profession has now evolved to the stage in which the design of new programs has become less important than learning to live with the existing ones .
Mill 's Software Panel had a section in the same vein .
The usual , economic justification -- referring to our " investments " -- has never been able to convince me ; pandering to the fears of a conservative establishment is a much more likely explanation .
The latter is at least one that I can understand . )
The existence of the computing science establishment could also explain why all invited speakers -- in Munich I was envisaged as a member of a quartet , in London as a member of a trio -- were on the average almost of my generation instead of at least fifteen years younger .
If today a youngster like yourself would try to present something refreshing , he would be in danger of being shouted away from the platform , and in order to get things moving you now need people with a firmly established international reputation .
This , of course , is very sad .
But it gives an indication of what should be done .
Computing practice on the average has dug itself into a hole of which it does not see how to come out again ; by way of consolation it deceives itself by praising the hole for the protection it gives .
Computing science -- much more strongly influenced by prevailing prejudices than most of its practitioners are able to perceive or willing to admit -- has got stuck in its wake .
Clearly some refreshment is urgently needed .
( Remember the rule we have already agreed upon that in this letter science is to be regarded as an end in its self . )
How do we refresh ?
Well , by the choice of unpopular targets and the choice of unpopular means .
After that the combination of talent , good taste , and faith in the worthiness of your cause is almost certain to do the rest .
Shall we try -- in an effort to be constructive !-- a few unpopular suggestions ?
1 ) The use of computers should be avoided wherever possible ; we do n't object to computer usage by scientists being a component in the determination of their scientific status , but the sign of the component should be inverted .
( This is guaranteed to make almost all high - energy physicists your declared enemies and , therefore has tremendous advantages .
Another advantage is that some computer manufacturers may not like you either . )
2 ) The purpose of scientific research is to gain understanding , an obligation no person can delegate without giving up .
( That , together with ( 1 ) does away with the " real verifiers " , the " automatic theorem provers / checkers " and most of the other AI activities .
This clears the sky tremendously . )
3 ) As long as the problem of quality control for LSI chips is unsolved , technology 's current promises should be regarded as lies ; the concurrency bandwaggon should only be joined with great hesitation -- the ability to do something no one else has been able to do might be used as excuse --; all large scale applications of LSI chips are by definition highly suspect .
( That does away with " personal computing " , " home computers " , " the information society " and all that jazz .
Very effective . )
4 ) Argue that complexity is evil , and any system that needs yards of documentation is no longer fit for use .
( This will make you very unpopular with all those who have just followed the 20 - 26 hours Advanced Systems Inc. course on how to interpret MVS / JES 3 ABEND core dumps . )
5 ) Argue that most of the problems in industrial system development are due to an unfortunate interface between managers and technicians , an interface that has not been designed but grew historically at a time that the nature of system development was not well understood .
( This is nicely alarming ; it should be equally alarming for the managers and the technicians , by virtue of the symmetric way in which it has been phrased .
I promise that the managers will dislike you for this much more strongly than the technicians , for the managers feel themselves much more threatened .
On the University Campus this attitude is particularly effective , as it guaranteed to isolate you fully and effectively from the Department of Management Science , a gain that should not be ignored . )
6 ) Stress the importance of perfect mastery of one 's native tongue , and correct your countrymen when they speak lousy Dutch .
This is guaranteed to make you a number of enemies .
( If , upon correction , someone reacts with " Why care , you understand me , do n't you ? " ridicule him ruthlessly .
If necessary , quote Wittgenstein . )
7 ) Stress the importance of mathematics and agility in formal manipulations in general .
( This will , with the exception of the mathematicians , estrange you from the rest . )
8 ) Demonstrate how clumsily the average mathematician writes , thinks and manipulates ; to add insult to injury you might explain that up till now he could get away with those techniques because he ignored the intellectual challenge embodied by powerful computing equipment .
( Then you have estranged yourself from the mathematicians as well , and at last you are free ! )
Well , how was that for a first effort to be abusive ?
Not bad : when you think about these eight points a little bit further , I guess that each , or almost each of them could inspire a refreshing and potentially very valid piece of research .
( I have most hesitations about ( 5 ) : it seems to me so obvious that surprising insight from further investigations is probably too much to hope for .
Its political usefulness seems unquestionable , its scientific potential seems meagre . )
Dear Martin , I think that by now my letter is long enough : after all I did not intend more than a first exploration .
Today Ria visits her mother in Amsterdam , which implies I am responsible for feeding the dogs .
It is close to 5 p.m. and particularly Bamse -- who , as is easily seen , is always willing to eat -- is definitely getting restless .
It is a pleasure to write to you .
Thank you !
With my greetings and warmest regards , yours ever , Edsger Plataanstraat 5
5671 AL NUENEN
The Netherlands prof.dr .
Edsger W.Dijkstra
Burroughs Research Fellow PS .
I now realize that in my eight - point program I have forgotten to insult Electrical Engineering .
Sorry !
EWD transcribed by Tristram Brelstaff
revised Wed , 8 Sep 2004
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama is speaking about health care reform to a joint session of Congress on Wednesday night .
Here is a transcript of the speech .
President Obama lays out health care reform specifics in a speech before Congress on Wednesday .
Madam Speaker , Vice President Biden , members of Congress , and the American people :
When I spoke here last winter , this nation was facing the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression .
We were losing an average of 700,000 jobs per month , credit was frozen , and our financial system was on the verge of collapse .
As any American who is still looking for work or a way to pay their bills will tell you , we are by no means out of the woods .
A full and vibrant recovery is still many months away .
And I will not let up until those Americans who seek jobs can find them .
Until -- until those -- until those businesses that seek capital and credit can thrive .
Until all responsible homeowners can stay in their homes .
That it our ultimate goal .
But thanks to the bold and decisive action we 've taken since January , I can stand here with confidence and say that we have pulled this economy back from the brink .
Now , I want to thank the members of this body for your efforts and your support in these last several months , and especially those who have taken the difficult votes that have put us on the path to recovery .
I also want to thank the American people for their patience and resolve during this trying time for our nation .
But we did not come here just to clean up crises .
We came here to build a future .
So ...
So tonight , I return to speak to all of you about an issue that is central to that future , and that is the issue of health care .
I am not the first president to take up this cause , but I am determined to be the last .
It has now been nearly a century since Theodore Roosevelt first called for health care reform .
And ever since , nearly every president and Congress , whether Democrat or Republican , has attempted to meet this challenge in some way .
A bill for comprehensive health reform was first introduced by John Dingell Sr. in 1943 .
Sixty - five years later , his son continues to introduce that same bill at the beginning of each session .
Our collective failure to meet this challenge year after year , decade after decade , has led us to the breaking point .
Everyone understands the extraordinary hardships that are placed on the uninsured who live every day just one accident or illness away from bankruptcy .
These are not primarily people on welfare .
These are middle - class Americans .
Some can't get insurance on the job .
Others are self - employed and can't afford it since buying insurance on your own costs you three times as much as the coverage you get from your employer .
Many other Americans who are willing and able to pay are still denied insurance due to previous illnesses or conditions that insurance companies decide are too risky or too expensive to cover .
We are the only democracy , the only advanced democracy on Earth , the only wealthy nation that allows such hardship for millions of its people .
There are now more than 30 million American citizens who can not get coverage .
In just a two - year period , one in every three Americans goes without health care coverage at some point .
And every day , 14,000 Americans lose their coverage .
In other words , it can happen to anyone .
But the problem that plagues the health care system is not just a problem for the uninsured .
Those who do have insurance have never had less security and stability than they do today .
More and more Americans worry that if you move , lose your job or change your job , you 'll lose your health insurance , too .
More and more Americans pay their premiums , only to discover that their insurance company has dropped their coverage when they get sick , or wo n't pay the full cost of care .
It happens every day .
One man from Illinois lost his coverage in the middle of chemotherapy because his insurer found that he had n't reported gallstones that he did n't even know about .
They delayed his treatment , and he died because of it .
Another woman , from Texas , was about to get a double mastectomy when her insurance company canceled her policy because she forgot to declare a case of acne .
By the time she had her insurance reinstated , her breast cancer had more than doubled in size .
That is heartbreaking , it is wrong , and no one should be treated that way in the United States of America .
Then there 's the problem of rising costs .
We spend 1 ½ times more per person on health care than any other country , but we are n't any healthier for it .
This is one of the reasons that insurance premiums have gone up three times faster than wages .
It 's why so many employers , especially small businesses , are forcing their employers -- employees to pay more for insurance , or are dropping their coverage entirely .
It 's why so many aspiring entrepreneurs cannot afford to open a business in the first place , and why American businesses that compete internationally , like our automakers , are at a huge disadvantage .
And it's why those of us with health insurance are also paying a hidden and growing tax for those without it , about $ 1,000 per year that pays for somebody else 's emergency room and charitable care .
Finally , our health care system is placing an unsustainable burden on taxpayers .
When health care costs grow at the rate they have , it puts greater pressure on programs like Medicare and Medicaid .
If we do nothing to slow these skyrocketing costs , we will eventually be spending more on Medicare and Medicaid than every other government program combined .
Put simply , our health care problem is our deficit problem .
Nothing else even comes close .
Nothing else .
Now , these are the facts .
Nobody disputes them .
We know we must reform this system .
The question is how .
Now , there are those on the left who believe that the only way to fix the system is through a single - payer system like Canada 's , where we would -- where we would severely restrict the private insurance market and have the government provide coverage for everybody .
On the right , there are those who argue that we should end employer - based systems and leave individuals to buy health insurance on their own .
I have said -- I have to say that there are arguments to be made for both these approaches .
But either one would represent a radical shift that would disrupt the health care most people currently have .
Since health care represents one - sixth of our economy , I believe it makes more sense to build on what works and fix what does n't , rather than try to build an entirely new system from scratch .
And that is precisely what those of you in Congress have tried to do over the several -- past several months .
During that time , we 've seen Washington at its best and at its worst .
We 've seen many in this chamber work tirelessly for the better part of this year to offer thoughtful ideas about how to achieve reform .
Of the five committees asked to develop bills , four have completed their work and the Senate Finance Committee announced today that it will move forward next week .
That has never happened before .
Our overall efforts have been supported by an unprecedented coalition of doctors and nurses , hospitals , seniors ' groups , and even drug companies -- many of whom opposed reform in the past .
And there is agreement in this chamber on about 80 percent of what needs to be done , putting us closer to the goal of reform than we have ever been .
But what we 've also seen in these last months is the same partisan spectacle that only hardens the disdain many Americans have towards their own government .
Instead of honest debate , we 've seen scare tactics .
Some have dug into unyielding ideological camps that offer no hope of compromise .
Too many have used this as an opportunity to score short - term political points , even if it robs the country of our opportunity to solve a long - term challenge .
And out of this blizzard of charges and counter - charges , confusion has reigned .
Well , the time for bickering is over .
The time for games has passed .
Now is the season for action .
Now is when we must bring the best ideas of both parties together and show the American people that we can still do what we were sent here to do .
Now 's the time to deliver on health care .
Now 's the time to deliver on health care .
The plan I 'm announcing tonight would meet three basic goals .
It will provide more security and stability to those who have health insurance .
It will provide insurance for those who do n't .
And it will slow the growth of health care costs for our families , our businesses and our government .
It 's a plan that asks everyone to take responsibility for meeting this challenge -- not just government , not just insurance companies , but everybody , including employers and individuals .
And it 's a plan that incorporates ideas from senators and congressmen ; from Democrats and Republicans , and yes , from some of my opponents in both the primary and general election .
Here are the details that every American needs to know about this plan .
First , if you are among the hundreds of millions of Americans who already have health insurance through your job , or Medicare , or Medicaid , or the VA , nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage or the doctor you have .
Let me -- let me repeat this : nothing in our plan requires you to change what you have .
What this plan will do is make the insurance you have work better for you .
Under this plan , it will be against the law for insurance companies to deny you coverage because of a pre-existing condition .
As soon as I sign this bill , it will be against the law for insurance companies to drop your coverage when you get sick or water it down when you need it the most .
They will no longer be able to place some arbitrary cap on the amount of coverage you can receive in a given year or in a lifetime .
We will place a limit on how much you can be charged for out - of - pocket expenses , because in the United States of America , no one should go broke because they get sick .
And insurance companies will be required to cover , with no extra charge , routine checkups and preventive care , like mammograms and colonoscopies .
Because there 's no reason we should n't be catching diseases like breast cancer and colon cancer before they get worse .
That makes sense .
It saves money and it saves lives .
That 's what Americans who have health insurance can expect from this plan : more security and more stability .
Now , if you 're one of the tens of millions of Americans who do n't currently have health insurance , the second part of this plan will finally offer you quality , affordable choices .
If you ...
... if you lose your job or you change your job , you 'll be able to get coverage .
If you strike out on your own and start a small business , you 'll be able to get coverage .
We 'll do this by creating a new insurance exchange , a marketplace where individuals and small businesses will be able to shop for health insurance at competitive prices .
Insurance companies will have an incentive to participate in this exchange because it lets them compete for millions of new customers .
As one big group , these customers will have greater leverage to bargain with the insurance companies for better prices and quality coverage .
This is how large companies and government employees get affordable insurance .
It 's how everyone in this Congress gets affordable insurance .
And it 's time to give every American the same opportunity that we give ourselves .
Now , for those individuals and small businesses who still can't afford the lower - priced insurance available in the exchange , we 'll provide tax credits , the size of which will be based on your need .
And all insurance companies that want access to this new marketplace will have to abide by the consumer protections I already mentioned .
This exchange will take effect in four years , which will give us time to do it right .
In the meantime , for those Americans who can't get insurance today because they have pre-existing medical conditions , we will immediately offer low - cost coverage that will protect you against financial ruin if you become seriously ill .
This was a good idea when Sen .
John McCain proposed it in the campaign ; it 's a good idea now , and we should all embrace it .
Now , even if we provide these affordable options , there may be those , and especially the young and the healthy , who still want to take the risk and go without coverage .
There may still be companies that refuse to do right by their workers by giving them coverage .
The problem is , such irresponsible behavior costs all the rest of us money .
If there are affordable options and people still do n't sign up for health insurance , it means we pay for these people 's expensive emergency room visits .
If some businesses do n't provide workers health care , it forces the rest of us to pick up the tab when their workers get sick , and gives those businesses an unfair advantage over their competitors .
And unless everybody does their part , many of the insurance reforms we seek , especially requiring insurance companies to cover pre-existing conditions , just can't be achieved .
That 's why under my plan , individuals will be required to carry basic health insurance -- just as most states require you to carry auto insurance .
Likewise -- likewise , businesses will be required to either offer their workers health care , or chip in to help cover the cost of their workers .
There will be a hardship waiver for those individuals who still can't afford coverage , and 95 percent of all small businesses , because of their size and narrow profit margin , would be exempt from these requirements .
But ...
But we can't have large businesses and individuals who can afford coverage game the system by avoiding responsibility to themselves or their employees .
Improving our health care system only works if everybody does their part .
And while there remains some significant details to be ironed out , I believe ...
( LAUGHTER )
... I believe a broad consensus exists for the aspects of the plan I just outlined : consumer protections for those with insurance ; an exchange that allows individuals and small businesses to purchase affordable coverage ; and a requirement that people who can afford insurance get insurance .
And I have no doubt that these reforms would greatly benefit Americans from all walks of life , as well as the economy as a whole .
Still , given all the misinformation that 's been spread over the past few months , I realize -- I realize that many Americans have grown nervous about reform .
So tonight , I want to address some of the key controversies that are still out there .
Some of people 's concerns have grown out of bogus claims spread by those whose only agenda is to kill reform at any cost .
The best example is the claim , made not just by radio and cable talk show hosts , but by prominent politicians , that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to kill off senior citizens .
Now , such a charge would be laughable if it were n't so cynical and irresponsible .
It is a lie plain and simple .
Now ...
Now , there are also those who claim that our reform efforts would insure illegal immigrants .
This , too , is false .
The reforms -- the reforms I 'm proposing would not apply to those who are here illegally .
( UNKNOWN ) : That 's a lie .
( AUDIENCE BOOING )
That 's not true .
And one more misunderstanding I want to clear up : under our plan , no federal dollars will be used to fund abortions , and federal conscience laws will remain in place .
Now , my health care proposal has also been attacked by some who oppose reform as a " government takeover " of the entire health care system .
Now , as proof , critics point to a provision in our plan that allows the uninsured and small businesses to choose a publicly sponsored insurance option , administered by the government , just like Medicaid or Medicare .
So let me set the record straight here .
My guiding principle is , and always has been , that consumers do better when there 's choice and competition .
That 's how the market works .
Unfortunately , in 34 states , 75 percent of the insurance market is controlled by five or fewer companies .
In Alabama , almost 90 percent is controlled by just one company .
And without competition , the price of insurance goes up and quality goes down .
And it makes it easier for insurance companies to treat their customers badly -- by cherry - picking the healthiest individuals and trying to drop the sickest ; by overcharging small businesses who have no leverage ; and by jacking up rates .
Insurance executives do n't do this because they 're bad people .
They do it because it 's profitable .
As one former insurance executive testified before Congress , insurance companies are not only encouraged to find reasons to drop the seriously ill , they are rewarded for it .
All of this is in service of meeting what this former executive called " Wall Street 's relentless profit expectations . "
Now , I have no interest in putting insurance companies out of business .
They provide a legitimate service and employ a lot of our friends and neighbors .
I just want to hold them accountable .
And the insurance reforms that I 've already mentioned would do just that , but an additional step we can take to keep insurance companies honest is by making a not - for - profit public option available in the insurance exchange .
Now , let me -- let me be clear .
Let me be clear , it would only be an option for those who do n't have insurance .
No one would be forced to choose it and it would not impact those of you who already have insurance .
In fact , based on Congressional Budget Office estimates , we believe that less than 5 percent of Americans would sign up .
Despite all this , the insurance companies and their allies do n't like this idea .
They argue that these private companies can't fairly compete with the government , and they'd be right if taxpayers were subsidizing this public insurance option , but they wo n't be .
I 've insisted that , like any private insurance company , the public insurance option would have to be self - sufficient and rely on the premiums its collects .
But by avoiding some of the overhead that gets eaten up at private companies by profits and excessive administrative costs and executive salaries , it could provide a good deal for consumers and would also keep pressure on private insurers to keep their policies affordable and treat their customers better , the same way public colleges and universities provide additional choice and competition to students without in any way inhibiting a vibrant system of private colleges and universities .
Now , it is ...
It 's -- it 's worth noting that a strong majority of Americans still favor a public insurance option of the sort I 've proposed tonight .
But its impact should n't be exaggerated by the left or the right or the media .
It is only one part of my plan , and should n't be used as a handy excuse for the usual Washington ideological battles .
To my progressive friends , I would remind you that for decades , the driving idea behind reform has been to end insurance company abuses and make coverage available for those without it .
The public option -- the public option is only a means to that end , and we should remain open to other ideas that accomplish our ultimate goal .
And to my Republican friends , I say that rather than making wild claims about a government takeover of health care , we should work together to address any legitimate concerns you may have .
For example -- for example , some have suggested that the public option go into effect only in those markets where insurance companies are not providing affordable policies .
Others have proposed a co-op or another nonprofit entity to administer the plan .
These are all constructive ideas worth exploring .
But I will not back down on the basic principle that , if Americans can't find affordable coverage , we will provide you with a choice .
And -- and I will make sure that no government bureaucrat or insurance company bureaucrat gets between you and the care that you need .
Finally , let me discuss an issue that is a great concern to me , to members of this chamber , and to the public , and that 's how we pay for this plan .
Now ,
Here 's what you need to know .
First , I will not sign a plan that adds one dime to our deficits , either now or in the future .
I will not sign it if it adds one dime to the deficit now or in the future .
Period .
And to prove that I 'm serious , there will be a provision in this plan that requires us to come forward with more spending cuts if the savings we promise do n't materialize .
Now , part of the reason I faced a trillion - dollar deficit when I walked in the door of the White House is because too many initiatives over the last decade were not paid for , from the Iraq war to tax breaks for the wealthy .
I will not make that same mistake with health care .
Second , we 've estimated that most of this plan can be paid for by finding savings within the existing health care system , a system that is currently full of waste and abuse .
Right now , too much of the hard - earned savings and tax dollars we spend on health care do n't make us any healthier .
That 's not my judgment .
It 's the judgment of medical professionals across this country .
And this is also true when it comes to Medicare and Medicaid .
In fact , I want to speak directly to seniors for a moment , because Medicare is another issue that 's been subjected to demagoguery and distortion during the course of this debate .
More than four decades ago , this nation stood up for the principle that after a lifetime of hard work , our seniors should not be left to struggle with a pile of medical bills in their later years .
That 's how Medicare was born .
And it remains a sacred trust that must be passed down from one generation to the next .
And that ...
That is why not a dollar of the Medicare trust fund will be used to pay for this plan .
The only ...
The only thing this plan would eliminate is the hundreds of billions of dollars in waste and fraud , as well as unwarranted subsidies in Medicare that go to insurance companies ...
... subsidies that do everything to pad their profits , but do n't improve the care of seniors .
And we will also create an independent commission of doctors and medical experts charged with identifying more waste in the years ahead .
Now , these steps will ensure that you -- America 's seniors -- get the benefits you 've been promised .
They will ensure that Medicare is there for future generations .
And we can use some of the savings to fill the gap in coverage that forces too many seniors to pay thousands of dollars a year out of their own pockets for prescription drugs .
That 's what this plan will do for you .
So do n't pay attention to those scary stories about how your benefits will be cut -- especially since some of the same folks who are spreading these tall tales have fought against Medicare in the past ...
... and just this year supported a budget that would essentially have turned Medicare into a privatized voucher program .
That will not happen on my watch .
I will protect Medicare .
Now , because Medicare is such a big part of the health care system , making the program more efficient can help usher in changes in the way we deliver health care that can reduce costs for everybody .
We have long known that some places , like the Intermountain Healthcare in Utah or the Geisinger Health System in rural Pennsylvania , offer high - quality care at costs below average .
So the commission can help encourage the adoption of these common - sense best practices by doctors and medical professionals throughout the system -- everything from reducing hospital infection rates to encouraging better coordination between teams of doctors .
Reducing the waste and inefficiency in Medicare and Medicaid will pay for most of this plan .
Now , much ...
Much of the rest would be paid for with revenues from the very same drug and insurance companies that stand to benefit from tens of millions of new customers .
And this reform will charge insurance companies a fee for their most expensive policies , which will encourage them to provide greater value for the money -- an idea which has the support of Democratic and Republican experts .
And according to these same experts , this modest change could help hold down the cost of health care for all of us in the long run .
Now , finally , many in this chamber , particularly on the Republican side of the aisle , have long insisted that reforming our medical malpractice laws can help bring down the costs of health care .
Now -- there you go .
There you go .
Now , I do n't believe malpractice reform is a silver bullet , but I 've talked to enough doctors to know that defensive medicine may be contributing to unnecessary costs .
So -- so -- so I 'm proposing that we move forward on a range of ideas about how to put patient safety first and let doctors focus on practicing medicine .
I know ...
... I know that the Bush administration considered authorizing demonstration projects in individual states to test these ideas .
I think it 's a good idea , and I 'm directing my secretary of health and human services to move forward on this initiative today .
Now , add it all up and the plan I 'm proposing will cost around $ 900 billion over 10 years , less than we have spent on the Iraq and Afghanistan wars and less than the tax cuts for the wealthiest few Americans that Congress passed at the beginning of the previous administration .
Now , most of these costs will be paid for with money already being spent -- but spent badly -- in the existing health care system .
The plan will not add to our deficit .
The middle class will realize greater security , not higher taxes .
And if we are able to slow the growth of health care costs by just one - tenth of 1 percent each year -- one - tenth of 1 percent -- it will actually reduce the deficit by $ 4 trillion over the long term .
Now , this is the plan I 'm proposing .
It 's a plan that incorporates ideas from many of the people in this room tonight -- Democrats and Republicans .
And I will continue to seek common ground in the weeks ahead .
If you come to me with a serious set of proposals , I will be there to listen .
My door is always open .
But know this : I will not waste time with those who have made the calculation that it 's better politics to kill this plan than to improve it .
I wo n't stand by while the special interests use the same old tactics to keep things exactly the way they are .
If you misrepresent what 's in this plan , we will call you out .
And I will not ...
And I will not accept the status quo as a solution .
Not this time ; not now .
Everyone in this room knows what will happen if we do nothing .
Our deficit will grow .
More families will go bankrupt .
More businesses will close .
More Americans will lose their coverage when they are sick and need it the most .
And more will die as a result .
We know these things to be true .
That is why we cannot fail .
Because there are too many Americans counting on us to succeed -- the ones who suffer silently and the ones who shared their stories with us at town halls , in e-mails , and in letters .
I received one of those letters a few days ago .
It was from our beloved friend and colleague , Ted Kennedy .
He had written it back in May , shortly after he was told that his illness was terminal .
He asked that it be delivered upon his death .
In it , he spoke about what a happy time his last months were , thanks to the love and support of family and friends , his wife , Vicki , his amazing children , who are all here tonight .
And he expressed confidence that this would be the year that health care reform -- " that great unfinished business of our society , " he called it -- would finally pass .
He repeated the truth that health care is decisive for our future prosperity , but he also reminded me that " it concerns more than material things . "
" What we face , " he wrote , " is above all a moral issue ; at stake are not just the details of policy but fundamental principles of social justice and the character of our country . "
One of the unique and wonderful things about America has always been our self - reliance , our rugged individualism , our fierce defense of freedom , and our healthy skepticism of government .
And figuring out the appropriate size and role of government has always been a source of rigorous and , yes , sometimes angry debate .
That 's our history .
For some of Ted Kennedy 's critics , his brand of liberalism represented an affront to American liberty .
In their minds , his passion for universal health care was nothing more than a passion for big government .
But those of us who knew Teddy and worked with him here -- people of both parties -- know that what drove him was something more .
His friend Orrin Hatch , he knows that .
They worked together to provide children with health insurance .
His friend John McCain knows that .
They worked together on a patients ' bill of rights .
His friend Chuck Grassley knows that .
They worked together to provide health care to children with disabilities .
On issues like these , Ted Kennedy 's passion was born not of some rigid ideology , but of his own experience -- the experience of having two children stricken with cancer .
He never forgot the sheer terror and helplessness that any parent feels when a child is badly sick .
And he was able to imagine what it must be like for those without insurance , what it'd be like to have to say to a wife or a child or an aging parent , " There is something that could make you better , but I just ca n't afford it . "
That large - heartedness , that concern and regard for the plight of others is not a partisan feeling .
It 's not a Republican or a Democratic feeling .
It , too , is part of the American character .
Our ability to stand in other people 's shoes .
A recognition that we are all in this together , that when fortune turns against one of us , others are there to lend a helping hand .
A belief that in this country , hard work and responsibility should be rewarded by some measure of security and fair play .
And an acknowledgement that sometimes government has to step in to help deliver on that promise .
This has always been the history of our progress .
In 1935 , when over half of our seniors could not support themselves and millions had seen their savings wiped away , there were those who argued that Social Security would lead to socialism .
But the men and women of Congress stood fast , and we are all the better for it .
In 1965 , when some argued that Medicare represented a government takeover of health care , members of Congress , Democrats and Republicans , did not back down .
They joined together so that all of us could enter our golden years with some basic peace of mind .
You see , our predecessors understood that government could not , and should not , solve every problem .
They understood that there are instances when the gains in security from government action are not worth the added constraints on our freedom .
But they also understood that the danger of too much government is matched by the perils of too little ; that without the leavening hand of wise policy , markets can crash , monopolies can stifle competition , the vulnerable can be exploited .
And they knew that when any government measure , no matter how carefully crafted or beneficial , is subject to scorn ; when any efforts to help people in need are attacked as un-American ; when facts and reason are thrown overboard and only timidity passes for wisdom , and we can no longer even engage in a civil conversation with each other over the things that truly matter -- that at that point we do n't merely lose our capacity to solve big challenges .
We lose something essential about ourselves .
That was true then .
It remains true today .
I understand how difficult this health care debate has been .
I know that many in this country are deeply skeptical that government is looking out for them .
I understand that the politically safe move would be to kick the can further down the road , to defer reform one more year , or one more election , or one more term .
But that is not what this moment calls for .
That 's not what we came here to do .
We did not come to fear the future .
We came here to shape it .
I still believe we can act even when it 's hard .
I still believe ...
... I still believe that we can act when it 's hard .
I still believe we can replace acrimony with civility and gridlock with progress .
I still believe we can do great things and that here and now we will meet history 's test , because that 's who we are .
That is our calling .
That is our character .
Thank you .
God bless you and may God bless the United States of America .
All About Max Baucus • Health Care Policy • Barack Obama
Ezra Klein quotes approvingly from Bruce Bartlett ’s new book , The New American Economy : The Failure Of Reaganomics And A New Way Forward :
The reality is that even before spending exploded to deal with the economic crisis , the government was set to grow by about 50 percent of GDP over the next generation just to pay for Social Security and Medicare benefits under current law .
When the crunch comes and the need for a major increase in revenue becomes overwhelming , I expect that Republicans will refuse to participate in the process .
If Democrats have to raise taxes with no bipartisan support , then they will have no choice but to cater to the demand of their party ’s most liberal wing .
This will mean higher rates on businesses and entrepreneurs , and soak - the - rich policies that would make Franklin D. Roosevelt blush .
Shorter : “ Hey conservatives , you ’ve completely and hopelessly lost the spending war .
If you do n’t play nice , you ’re going to get even more screwed by the tax man than if you sit at the table . ”
To which Samuel Adams might have responded : “ If ye love wealth better than liberty , the tranquility of servitude than the animated contest of freedom — go home from us in peace .
We ask not your counsels or arms .
Crouch down and lick the hands which feed you .
May your chains sit lightly upon you , and may posterity forget that you were our countrymen ! ”
In short , Bruce Bartlett has surrendered .
He has taken the view “ posit a giant welfare state — now what ’s the best way to pay for it ? ”
He suggests that if conservatives try to set the menu at — as Billy Beck would call it — the cannibal pot , that MAYBE they ’ll just lose an arm and not the leg to go along with it .
All in all , Bartlett ’s view is probably the calmest and most peaceful answer .
But it gives us a nation that is so unlike America that I ’m not sure I want a part of it .
The peaceful way out is to accept that Democracy has given us a giant welfare state , that Democracy is never going to rescind it , and that therefore we might as well pay for it .
He ’s taking Mencken ’s quote at face value :
Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want , and deserve to get it good and hard .
Bartlett is arguing that if we ’re all to be slaves , it ’s best to suck up and hope for the job of overseer , holding the whip rather than tasting its lash .
But I ’m not ready to surrender .
Bruce Bartlett says that if we do n’t find a way to pay for the monstrosity growing out of Washington , the whole system will come crashing down .
I say I ’d prefer that to the “ success ” of the system as the social democrats want it to exist .
Bruce Bartlett says that the “ starve the beast ” tactic does n’t work , as the beast keeps on growing .
Well consider me a cancerous tumor hoping to infect the populace into becoming an ever - growing resistance that eats away at the beast ’s insides until it dies of rot .
Bruce Bartlett wants conservatives to make sure they have a seat at the table to divvy up the “ spoils ” .
Well , if he wants to be a good little Tory , that ’s his choice .
He ’s taken sides , and despite his pleas , the fight will rage on .
Somewhere deep inside , despite a century of statism trying to weaken it with bread and circuses , the spirit of America still exists .
Until that ’s no longer the case , I ’ll take the side of Freedom .
Cleveland Democratic Rep. Dennis Kucinich has withdrawn as keynote speaker for a Democratic Party fundraising dinner in Palm Beach County , Florida , after several elected officials said they objected to his positions on Israel .
Kucinich has frequently criticized the Israeli government , and his views have sometimes upset Jewish leaders in Northeast Ohio .
The Palm Beach Post newspaper reported that Kucinich emailed the county chairman to cancel his speech , saying he did n't want controversy over his appearance to harm the party 's fundraising efforts .
His email said he " has always defended Israel 's right to survive and its right to defend itself .
I believe in peace and have worked towards it my entire life . "
It continued : " I regret your officials never spoke to me because perhaps they would understand why despite taking a more independent voting path in Congress , I have still maintained close friendships and working relationships with members of Congress who are indentified as Israel ’s strongest supporters .
They know that when I speak out on matters in the Middle East , I come from an understanding of the importance of addressing the security and economic concern of all parties .
We achieve understanding and peaceful relationships through communication . "
Men and women both have different thinking and feelings towards love .
Generally Women are always ready to take responsibilities of any relations and ready to give commitment , but it ’s not the case with men .
Whenever it comes to commitment men think to escape from that topic and they feel trapped with the thinking of living with a woman for long time .
I ca n’t blame men for that , maybe it is because they feel they are very strong and do n’t need anyone in life but the fact is that men become frustrated if they are alone .
Why most of the men are scared of commitment :
Here I ’m sharing few common reasons that scare a man from commitment , though it changes from person to person , and according to his past experiences .
Though , being a girl it ’s actually us , who can give that comfort to a man , and make him understand why commitment is important , and how it ’s not so bad .
But , first lets look at some of the reasons :
Fear of being hurt :
Men feel that love hurts a lot and they do n’t want to get hurt in love .
They feel that woman will leave them and she would never be with them for long term .
This feeling makes man thinking to stay away from commitment and keep relations moving without any feeling of insecurity .
Fear of not finding perfect mate :
Men always want good women for long term relationship , who should be ready to change for him and meet his expectations .
Sometimes this feeling becomes scary for guys when they keep searching for perfect one and they do n’t get one .
They can never commit to a women whom they do n’t find perfect and in the search process man forgets that woman are human begins and she also can have negative points .
Fear of trust :
Men have tendency that they can never trust others easily .
If a woman tells a man to commit in relationship , he will feel as if she is using him .
It is difficult for a man to trust anyone easily .
Man thinks that woman can easily change the priorities in relationship and might dump him for someone else .
Fear of sacrifice :
While thinking about commitment , men often think that if they are committed to one woman they have to scarifies a lot in their life and adjust according to their partner .
They feel as if their bachelor life which includes late night parties , staying with their friends or watching sports will be thrown out .
This is very common problem , you need to understand that when you are planning to tie in a relation , you both need to adjust and that will increase love between both of you .
Well if you are a girl , and fall in love with a guy , but he is not ready for commitment , you should not push him .
Give time and space , but at the same time make sure he does n’t take you for granted .
In directly make him realize that , if he is not committing , you might not be around for ever .
I hope this article will help you out when you want to think about commitment in any relation .
Related
Israel has decided against setting up an independent panel to investigate the military 's conduct last year in Gaza , instead calling on the U.S. to prevent the issue from advancing further at the United Nations .
Israel is under pressure to launch a probe after the United Nations Human Rights Council last week endorsed a UN report accusing Israel of committing war crimes in Gaza , during the Dec. 27 - Jan. 18 conflict that resulted in almost 1,400 Palestinian and 13 Israeli deaths .
The report recommended establishing war crimes proceedings if Israel did not conduct its own internal review .
But Defence Minister Ehud Barak reportedly refused to allow the issue to be addressed during a cabinet meeting Tuesday , according to meeting participants .
Instead , cabinet ministers established a lobbying team to urge the U.S. to use its veto power on the Security Council to prevent legal action against Israeli officials .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has n't decided whether a commission of inquiry should be formed .
He initially opposed such a panel and questioned the report 's findings , saying they encouraged terrorism .
Former South African judge Richard Goldstone was commissioned to write the report by the UN Human Rights Council , which Israel perceives as being hostile .
The 575 - page Goldstone report accuses both Israelis and Palestinians of war crimes .
It concluded that Israel used disproportionate force , deliberately targeted civilians , used Palestinians as human shields and destroyed civilian infrastructure during its incursion into the Gaza Strip to root out Palestinian rocket squads .
It also accused Palestinian armed groups , including Hamas , of deliberately targeting civilians and trying to spread terror through rocket attacks on southern Israel .
Both sides of the conflict have rejected the war crimes allegations found in the report .
Congressman Peter Defazio's proposed bill , " Let Wall Street Pay for the Restoration of Main Street Act of 2009 , " is getting attention for the .25 % tax it would impose on trades , but it might be difficult to find legislative support for the bill beyond its five co-sponsors .
The worry among legislators is that unless a " Wall Street tax " has international support , it will drive trading activity overseas .
Geithner says he has not seen a version of the bill appropriate for the U.S. and Pelosi agrees .
She says a tax on transactions would need international support .
John Carney has a bunch of reasons why the tax just will not work .
The upside of a tax on trades would be the yearly $ 150 billion it plans to raise to reduce the deficit and fund a " Job Creation Reserve . "
Unfortunately , it 's not practical for the government to create any kind of fiscal reserve .
In reality , all current revenues will be spent while the government places IOUs in the reserve , just like the nonexistent Social Security Trust Fund .
What 's more , there 's no way for any Congress to ensure future lawmakers will use revenues to reduce the deficit .
So is there support for the bill ?
There are 650 comments on yesterday 's article in The Hill , and most of them are strongly against it .
Drew Rath comments : " It 's just one more ploy in the overall plan to destroy the free market US Economy .
All the posts here that talk about jobs DESTRUCTION and sending them overseas are right on the mark . "
Server -side JavaScript with Rhino
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under tech , app- engine , cookbook , coding , java
I 've only made limited use of the Java runtime for App Engine so far :
The two runtimes are largely equivalent in terms of features , and my personal preference is for Python .
There are , however , a few really cool things that you can only do on the Java runtime .
One of them is embedding an interpreter for a scripting language .
Rhino is a JavaScript interpreter implemented in Java .
It supports sandboxing , meaning you can create an environment in which it 's safe to execute user - provided code , and it allows you to expose arbitrary Java objects to the JavaScript runtime , meaning you can easily provide interfaces with which the JavaScript code can carry out whatever actions it 's designed to carry out .
Rhino also supports several rather cool additional features .
You can set callback functions that count the number of operations executed by the JavaScript code , and terminate it if it takes too long , you can serialize a context or individual objects and deserialize them later , and you can even use continuations to pause execution when waiting for data , and pick it up again later - possibly even in another request !
Hopefully we 'll show off some of these features in future posts .
You may still be wondering how useful server - side JavaScript can be in an App Engine app .
Here 's a few example use - cases :
Allow users to provide custom code to be executed when conditions are met in your app .
A tool for writing straightforward RESTful APIs for text mainpulation etc .
A programming game , allowing people to submit programs that compete against each other for rankings .
A CodeWiki , where users can enter code and demonstrate the result of executing it .
A Google Wave bot that executes code entered in a Wave and adds a response with the result .
A tool for performing operations over the entire datastore without having to explicitly cater for breaking tasks up into smaller chunks .
That , of course , is just a few ideas - I 'm sure you can think of others yourself .
Let us know in the comments if you think of anything interesting !
Implementation
Using Rhino is surprisingly simple .
Create a new Web Application Project , select App Engine , and unselect GWT .
I 've called mine ' rhinopark ' .
Open index.html in the war directory , and replace it with the following :
<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD
HTML 4.01 Transitional //EN " > < html > < head > < meta http-equiv= " content - type " content = " text / html ; charset=UTF - 8 " > < script type =" text / javascript " src= "
http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.3.2/jquery.min.js "></script> < script type =" text / javascript " > function sendCode ( ) { var code = $ ( " #code " ) .
val ( ) ; $ ( " #output " ) .load ( " / rhinopark " , { " code " : code} ) ; } </script > < title > Server-side JavaScript demo</ title > </head > < body > < h1 > Server-side JavaScript demo</h1 > < pre style = " border : 1 px solid black ; width : 590 px ; padding : 5 px ; margin - bottom : 16 px ; " id =" output " ></ pre> < textarea id =" code " style = " display : block ; width : 600 px ; height : 300 px ; " ></textarea > < input type=" button " value = " Submit " onclick=" sendCode ( ) ; " /> </ body > </html >
This is all very straightforward .
We provide a textarea for users to enter code in , and a submit button .
Instead of a regular form submission , however , we use JQuery to send the code to the /rhinopark URL on the server , and insert the response in the ' output ' element .
Next , you need to download Rhino .
Extract the file ' js.jar ' from the downloaded zip , and copy it to the war / WEB - INF / lib subdirectory of your project .
Right - click on your project 's entry , and select " Build Path -> Configure Build Path " .
Then , click on Add JARs ... , and select js.jar from the directory you just placed it in .
Then , open the RhinoParkServlet that was created automatically , and replace the body of the class with the following :
public class RhinoparkServlet extends HttpServlet { public void doPost ( HttpServletRequest req , HttpServletResponse resp ) throws IOException { resp.setContentType(" text / plain " ) ; String code = req.getParameter ( " code " ) ; Context ctx = Context.enter ( ) ; try { Scriptable scope = ctx.initStandardObjects ( ) ; Object result = ctx.evaluateString ( scope , code , " < code > " , 1 , null ) ; resp.getWriter().print( Context.toString( result ) ) ; } catch ( RhinoException ex ) { resp.getWriter().println(ex.getMessage ( ) ) ; } finally { Context.exit( ) ; } } }
This snippet illustrates the basic steps of using Rhino .
First , we call Context.enter ( ) .
This returns a Context object , which we will need in order to use Rhino , as well as setting the thread 's context to the returned object .
The rest of the code is wrapped in a try / finally block , to ensure that Context.exit ( ) gets called once we 're done .
Next , we call initStandardObjects ( ) on our Context .
This creates a Scriptable we can use as a global scope , containing the basic objects that JavaScript scripts expect to find in its environment .
Then , we call evaluateString on the context , passing in the scope we created , the code to execute , a name and line number for the module , and an optional security manager we do n't need one , so we leave it as null .
This actually executes the code , returning the result .
We stringify the result , and write it to the response .
If the Javascript has an error , Rhino will throw a RhinoException when we call evaluateString .
In that case , we catch the exception and return it in the response instead .
Try it out - start the development server , and go to http://localhost:8080/.
Enter a snippet of JavaScript and click ' Submit ' to see it evaluated and returned .
Sandboxing
All is n't quite well yet , though .
Try entering the following snippet in the console :
new java.lang .
String ( " foo " )
Rhino supports a JavaScript feature called LiveConnect , which assists interoperation between Java and JavaScript by making it possible for JavaScript to seamlessly instantiate and use Java classes .
Unfortunately , on its own , this constitutes a huge security hole .
Rhino makes it easy to patch , however .
Create a new class in the project called DenyAllClassShutter , and enter the following :
public class DenyAllClassShutter implements ClassShutter { public boolean visibleToScripts ( String arg0 ) { return false ; } }
This class implements the ClassShutter interface from Rhino , which has a single method , visibleToScripts .
This method is passed the name of a class or package , and is expected to return a boolean indicating if the class or package in question should be accessible from JavaScript .
Since we do n't want to permit any LiveConnect functionality in our case , we simply return false always .
To make use of this , we need to make a single modification to RhinoparkServlet :
Context ctx = Context.enter ( ) ; try { ctx.setClassShutter(new DenyAllClassShutter ( ) ) ; Scriptable scope = ctx.initStandardObjects ( ) ;
Try the snippet from above again - it will now return an error .
In a future post , I 'll pick up the embedded interpreter theme again , and we 'll see what other neat tricks we can play with it on App Engine .
Disqus
Researchers this week published a paper describing how they broke Vanish , a secure communications system prototype out of the University of Washington that generated lots of buzz when introduced over the summer for its ability to make data self - destruct .
I gave the system a whirl back in July and found it to be pretty interesting .
But interesting was n't good enough for researchers at Princeton University , the University of Texas and the University of Michigan , who wondered how well the system could really stand up to attack .
Ed Felten from Princeton describes in the Freedom to Tinker blog how he , a fellow researcher at Princeton and peers at the University of Michigan and University of Texas figured out how to beat Vanish .
Their paper is titled " Defeating Vanish with Low - Cost Sybil Attacks Against Large DHTs . "
Vanish exploits the churn on peer - to - peer networks by creating a key whenever a Vanish user puts the system to use and then divvying up that key and spreading across the P2P net .
Such networks , the same kinds used to share music and other files , change over time as computers jump on or off .
As such , portions of the key disappear forever and the original message can't be unencrypted .
Felten wrote that after reading about Vanish during the summer " I realized that some of our past thinking about how to extract information from large distributed data structures might be applied to attack Vanish .
[ S ] tudent Scott Wolchok grabbed the project and started doing experiments to see how much information could be extracted from the Vuze DHT [ Vuze is the P2P network used by Vanish and DHT is a distributed hash table ] .
If we could monitor Vuze and continuously record almost all of its contents , then we could build a Wayback Machine for Vuze that would let us decrypt [ vanishing data objects ] that were supposedly expired , thereby defeating Vanish 's security guarantees . "
Felten goes on to tell an interesting tale about the timing of this realization and the experiments that followed .
" We did n't want to ambush the Vanish authors with our break , so we took them aside at the [ Usenix Security conference in Montreal in August ] and told them about our preliminary results .
This led to some interesting technical discussions with the Vanish team about technical details of Vuze and Vanish , and about some alternative designs for Vuze and Vanish that might better resist attacks . "
Later , Felten ran into an ex-student now at the University of Texas who happened to be investigating Vanish as well , and they wound up collaborating .
" The people who designed Vanish are smart and experienced , but they obviously made some kind of mistake in their original work that led them to believe that Vanish was secure -- a belief that we now know is incorrect , " Felten writes .
The University of Washington researchers investigated the other researchers ' findings , updated Vanish and issued a report of their own on the experience .
Among other things , they came up with a way to make breaking Vanish more expensive , Felten writes .
The University of Washington researchers sum up their latest findings here as well , noting that Vanish does not have to be wedded to Vuze and in fact might be better based on a hybrid system that uses multiple distributed storage systems .
They write : " However , we recommend that at this time , the Vanish prototype only be used for experimental purposes .
We do encourage researchers , however , to analyze it and improve upon it .
We strongly believe that realizing Vanish 's vision would represent a significant step toward achieving privacy in today 's unforgetful age . "
Follow Bob Brown on Twitter .
Analysis of the Video
The people that made the original Lady Gaga as an illuminati puppet have released another groundbreaking analysis of Lady Gaga 's video " Bad Romance .
"
The video for the songGaga uses to her full extent her odd - ball theatrical presence to shock , creep - out and fascinate the viewers .
If you ’ve read my other articles on Lady Gaga ( see Lady Gaga , The Illuminati Puppet pt 1 and pt 2 ) , you ’re already aware of the occult symbols permeating her imagery .
I ’ve mentioned the presence of mind control elements , of the horned god Baphomet , of secret societies and so on .
Far from steering away from those themes , Gaga ’s latest offering incorporates all of them in this video , which is a great big metaphor for the music industry .
Let ’s look at the song .
The video is dense with symbols and odd images .
Some are significant while others seem to be random .
It is however obvious that the whole concept is a huge allegory for the reality of fame .
She plays the role of a mind - controlled and drugged sex slave who is prepared to get auctioned to members of the Russian mafia .
The video starts with Gaga emerging from what looks like a high - tech coffin or maybe a sensory deprivation tank .
At the beginning of the video , she is deprived of her senses .
Either her eyes , her ears or her nose are covered .
Sensory deprivation is a torture technique used on prisoners or mind controlled slaves in order to “ break ” them and to facilitate their reeducation .
Gaga ca n’t see or hear anything
In one scene , she is wearing thick sunglasses and talking to herself through a mirror .
This is reminiscent of The Who ’s Tommy movie , where a deaf , dumb and blind boy only becomes responsive when staring at the mirror .
The Who ’s Tommy is a movie about a boy who becomes deaf , dumb and blind after a traumatic event .
Mind control theme .
( side - note : has n't Gaga worn similar glasses ? )
Gaga then bathes herself and is then roughly handled by two women .
She fights them but she then apparently accepts her faith and even raises her hands in praise .
Throughout the video , there is a back and forth between her being forced through her duties as a slave and her willingness to go through them .
She is then forced to drink some vodka , which is in fact an MTV - friendly substitute for drugs .
Gaga is then undressed and forced to perform in front of a bunch of men .
Those mafioso can represent the Illuminati , the dark force ruling the music industry .
The masks represent their hidden nature .
Each individual stands in for a record company , who are bidding to see who will sign her .
Gaga seems to be well aware of what is happening and she chooses to charm a particular guy , who seems to have what she wants .
This man seems to like that and bids to obtain her .
One second left to the auction for the services of Lady Gaga
Her hands are strategically placed under the horned heads .
Immediately after , a fire ignites the room .
Gaga is then required to fulfill her duties as a sex slave by …you ’ve guessed it … having sex with the winning bidder .
So she proceeds into a very symbolic room .
On each side of the bed are gazelle heads , who symbolically refer to Baphomet , the horned idol of Western occultism .
If you ’ve read my other articles on the music industry , you already know of the frequent use of the likeness of Baphomet in music videos and pictures .
My past articles on Gaga have shown her posing in the same way as the image above .
Strategically placed horned heads have appeared in her past videos and photo shoots .
Gaga is “ offering herself ” at the altar of Baphomet in order to become initiated and accepted inside the Order .
She does not want “ to be friends ” with the music industry , she wants to be an insider ( she ’s not a “ Fame Monster ” for nothing ) .
So this offering gets consumed by fire , and not sex , because it is about Baphomet and not the Russian guy .
He was just a means for her to obtain what she wanted .
When the fire starts , another scene plays simultaneously showing Gaga and masked dancers dressed in red , the color of sacrifice and initiation ..
The codes of the music industry seem to be used over and over again , in videos , award shows and photo shoots .
Gaga then makes her trademark “ Eye in the triangle ” hand gesture after her initiation to make it clear who owns her now … the Illuminati .
The final scene shows Gaga lying in bed with the burned skeleton of the Russian mafiosi .
Notice how everything is burnt except the two gazelle heads .
The real “ intercourse ” happened between Gaga and Baphomet .
The guy was a tool , a middle - man who was sacrificed in the process of Gaga ’s initiation .
So Gaga basically went through the steps a mega - pop star has to go through in order “ make it big ” in the music industry .
She ultimately got what she wanted and apparently played the game on her own terms .
Let ’s see how that works out for her .
Other Symbols
Sun Symbolism
Aside from the main storyline , the video is riddled with numerous symbols and images who are occult in nature .
Here are some of them :
There are many symbols referring to the sun in the video .
As said above , Ra is an Egyptian sun god and is mentioned many times in the magic incantation - like “ Rah- rah ” chant .
Sun worship has always been at the center of occult mysteries as it is considered to be the ultimate representation of God .
Image of the sun in the razorblade shades .
She is wearing a golden dress .
Gold is representative of the sun in occultism .
Golden sun light bringing her back to life
Gaga at the center of planetary orbits
Anti-Christian Symbolism
The word “ Monster ” with a Christian cross underneath it creates a not - so - subliminal unconscious association
A cross placed right on her “ privates ” .
No matter what religion you are , you know this is not a sign or respect
In this choreography , Gaga does what looks like the sign of the cross but her hand gesture describes a triangle instead ( classic phallic symbol ) .
Enjoy my brilliantly drawn triangle to help you visualize it .
Reptilian Monster Symbolism
Ugly angry reptile thing on her head
I ’m not sure of the origins of that painting but the monster looks like Gaga in some scenes .
Concept of the Song
Christianity has always been at odds with occult secret societies .
Persecutions and accusations go both sides and one often defines itself by the negating the other .
This is also represented in the video .
The cross associated with the word “ Monster ” is also seen on her promotional pictures .
In some scenes , Gaga has some reptilian features , especially when you focus on the spine .
There is a great resemblance with the monster in this next painting .
Bad Romance is the first single out of Gaga ’s Fame Monster album .
If you look back at her past works , the main message of her music is that she is willing to do anything , even sacrificing herself , to obtain fame .
The video continues in the same direction by depicting Gaga as a willing victim in the music industry ’s shady inner-workings .
She wants to live a Bad Romance with the abusive , cruel and satanic music industry .
She knows of all its flaws but she still desires to be part of it more than anything else ..
At face value , the song lyrics seem to be about her wanting to get “ banged ” by a kind of psychopath , but the video reveals that the psychopath is in fact the music industry .
The song starts with a weird chant that goes
Rah - rah - ah - ah - ah -ah !
Roma -roma -mamaa !
Ga - ga - ooh - la-la !
Want your bad romance
here
This is the type senseless crap drunk people like to yell in those disco dance parties you crazy kids go to .
Is there a deeper meaning to it ?
Gaga says it in a weird , gothic accent , in a ceremonial / incantation matter , a little like the “ Bum - bum - bedum ” of Rihanna ’s Disturbia ( article ) .
Ra is the name the ancient Egyptian sun god is still of a great importance in today ’s occultism ( see the “ Eye of Ra ” , the All - Seeing Eye ) .
Roma is maybe a reference to the roman catholic church , but I ’m not sure .
This could be interpreted in many ways so I wo n’t linger on it .
I want your ugly
I want your disease
I want your everything
As long as it ’s free
I want your love
( Love - love - love I want your love )
I want your drama
The touch of your hand
I want your leather - studded kiss in the sand
I want your love
Love-love-love
I want your love
( Love - love - love I want your love )
Right away , it is obvious that the love that Gaga is seeking is wrong and sick .
She ’s a sex slave and , apparently she likes it .
She knows that the industry is ugly but she still wants in .
There is an obvious sense of sadomasochism ,
as she seems to know that this love ( of success in the music industry ) will hurt her and treat her badly , but she ’s up for it .
As we will examine in the video , there is also a spiritual meaning to the lyrics where fame equals submitting to the dark , satanic side of the music industry .
In other words , the song is also about submitting to evil and the imagery of the video corroborates this fact .
I want your horror
I want your design
‘ Cause you ’re a criminal
As long as your mine
I want your love
( Love - love - love I want your love - uuhh )
I want your psycho
Your vertigo stick
Want you in my rear window
Baby you ’re sick
I want your love
Love-love-love
I want your love
( Love - love - love I want your love )
Here again , there is a mix of the “ horror ” of evil with hardcore sex references , which convey the fact that she wants to be “ penetrated ” by this evil influence in order to gain its favors .
There are references to Hitchcock movies ( Psycho , Vertigo ) but cleverly turned into sexually explicit lyrics .
During the bridge , Gaga sings emotionally “ I do n’t wanna be friends “ .
She does not want to be an outsider of the music industry , she wants to be part of it .
Later she says
“ I want your love and , All your lovers ’ revenge ”
She is signing to the Illuminati
In Conclusion
, which means that she wants all of the attention of the music industry to the point that she also wants the “ hate ” of the artists who are jealous of her .
Of course , the lyrics can be up for interpretation but visuals of the video really give a particular meaning to the words .
Gaga is not singing to persoin , but to a group , an entity , an organization . , to the music industry , to Baphomet , to the ones that have the power to make her famous .
She wants to be part of that sinister and corrupted system and write a Bad Romance with it
Lady Gaga ’s Bad Romance is by far the densest and most symbolic video I ’ve ever analyzed .
It is a metaphorical yet accurate description of the steps needed to be taken in order to part of the “ mega - pop - star machine ” .
Submission , control , business negotiations , initiation , secrecy and the embrace of dark forces are all represented in the video .
Once decoded , the song describes indeed the Bad Romance of the music industry .
The machine uses artists , it pimps them , it cheats on them with new , hotter artists and it finally dumps them when the initial appeal is lost .
Gaga , the “ Fame Monster ” wants to be treated that way , knowing that there is not other way to obtain world - wide fame .
One might be extremely creative and talented , fame is however only achieved through the exposure that can only be provided by media corporations .
They are owned by a secretive elite , which is represented by the masks on the faces of the bidders in the video .
Bad Romance , more than simply serving the required dose of subversive symbolism to the MTV generation , offers a chilling description of the music industry ruled by the elite .
And now comes the hardest part : getting this damn song out of my head .
If for some inconceivable reason the Nissan Cube is just too bland for you , Nissan is prepared to present you with an even quirkier alternative .
Set to debut at the Tokyo Auto Show later this month , the Land Glider concept looks like something out of Tron and drives like a cross between a motorcycle and a car .
A very narrow car .
The Land Glider is has the unique ability to lean into turns , not only for increased maneuverability but , presumably , to attract attention to itself and the fact that you 're driving the zero-emissions wonder car of tomorrow .
Designed to reduce traffic in congested urban areas , there 's obviously more appeal for such a vehicle in sardine - canned Tokyo than in Los Angeles .
But with compact designs such as the Mini , Smart and Cube coming to the U.S. , we may just see something like this stateside in the future .
Of course , they 'll have to build it in Japan first .
-- Brian Alexander
Brian Alexander is a staff writer for DriverSide.com
Video : Nissan Land Glider , Credit : YouTube / Nissan
Climate change sceptics and fossil fuel companies that have lobbied against action on greenhouse gas emissions have squandered the world 's chance to avoid dangerous global warming , a key adviser to the government has said .
Professor Bob Watson , chief scientist at the Department for Environment and Rural Affairs , said a decade of inaction on climate change meant it was now virtually impossible to limit global temperature rise to 2C .
He said the delay meant the world would now do well to stabilise warming between 3C and 4C .
His comments come ahead of key UN negotiations on a new global climate treaty in Copenhagen next month that the UK government insists should still aim for a 2C goal , despite doubts over whether a meaningful deal can be sealed .
In an interview with the Guardian , Watson said : " Those that have opposed a deal on climate , which would include elements of the fossil fuel industry , have clearly made making a 2C target much , much harder , if not impossible .
They 've clearly put the world at risk of far more adverse effects of climate change . "
The decision of former US president George W Bush to walk away from the Kyoto protocol , the existing global treaty on carbon emissions , sent a message to other countries not to act , he said .
" The last decade was a lost opportunity .
Elements within the fossil fuel industry clearly had major implications for the Bush administration . "
He added : " I think they 've clearly been partly to blame , without any question at all .
But you have to say it is not just the fossil lobby .
Within the US , there is not strong support for the Kyoto protocol in both parties .
Even Obama now will have to persuade a still somewhat sceptical Senate that we should be doing this . "
The Copenhagen talks are not expected to deliver a legally binding treaty as originally hoped , but could still make progress on issues such as emissions cuts for rich countries and financial assistance for the developing world .
A strong agreement rests on how far Obama is willing to push towards strong carbon cuts in the US .
European officials fear the agreement could eventually do no better than return emissions in 2020 to 1990 levels ; scientists say they must fall by 25 - 40 % to have a good chance of staying within the 2C limit .
Watson , a former head of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , said : " I think we will do well to stabilise between 3 and 4C .
Even that is going to take strong political action to decarbonise the energy system and to require us peaking greenhouse gas emissions in the next 10 or more years , " he said .
" We have to make sure we understand what it would mean to see 3 - 4C .
How would we adapt our agriculture , our water resources , coastal protection and human health systems . "
A Guardian poll this year showed that almost nine out of 10 climate scientists thought the 2C target would be missed .
The British government last month published a map that laid out the stark details of a world warmer by 4C .
It showed that the rise would not be evenly spread across the globe , with temperature rises much larger than 4C in high latitudes such as the Arctic .
Because the sea warms more slowly , average land temperature will increase by 5.5C , which scientists said would shrink yields for all major cereal crops on all regions of production .
A 4C rise would also have a major impact on water availability , with supplies limited to an extra billion people by 2080 .
Watson backed controversial calls for research into geoengineering techniques , such as blocking the sun , as a way to head off dangerous temperature rise – one of the most senior figures so far to do so .
" We should at least be looking at it .
I would see what the theoretical models say , and ask ourselves the question : how can we do medium - sized experiments in the field ? "
Such an effort could divert attention and funds from efforts to cut carbon and switch to cleaner technology , he said .
" I think it should be a real international effort , so it is n't just the UK funding it . "
Whether your important data lives in the cloud , on your laptop , or on a different operating system , you should n't have to use sub - par tools to get at it .
These downloads work with every major operating system , along with some not - so - major ( mobile ) ones .
Advertisement
Photo by Mykl Roventine .
All of these applications run on all three major operating systems —
Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux — and most can be loaded onto a thumb drive and run as a portable app on any Windows system .
Some can also be accessed from the web , and a few have dedicated mobile apps for most phone platforms .
We 've distinguished which apps work where at the front of each item .
If we 've missed any platforms , please tell us so ( politely ! ) in the comments .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Computers : Buddi is a financial management application developed with financial non-experts in mind .
Sure , it can import your CSV file from a bank or financial firm , and it does all the standard financial calculations and projections .
But the way it switches between money figures , and walks you through the importing and setting up of your accounts , makes it a real open - source find , and you can easily swap profiles between your laptop and desktop systems , if needed .
Looking for something with a bit more mathematical oomph ?
Money management alternative GnuCash has you covered .
Advertisement
Computers , portable , cellphones :
You use a multitude of applications and web sites that require passwords , license keys , and administrator codes .
On one computer alone , that makes it worth having a central vault for all that stuff .
If you use more than one computer , having a consistent KeePass database is really , really helpful .
Encrypt your master password database with a file only you have access to , and / or a truly secure single password , and you can take that list just about anywhere — on Windows , Mac , Linux , iPhones , Android , BlackBerry , Palms , on a USB drive , or pretty much anywhere .
Open - source coders love to write KeePass apps , so there 's a very good chance you 'll always have this clever password management system at your side .
For help getting started with KeePass , check out Gina 's guide to securely tracking passwords .
( It also works great in conjunction with Dropbox .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Computers : TrueCrypt is a multi-platform security tool for encrypting and protecting files , folders , or entire drives .
The software behind it is open source , and so likely to be supported and developed beyond its current version and platforms .
It 's only on Windows , Mac , and Linux at the moment ( though that 's no small feat ) , but it can be made to run as a portable app , and its encryption standards — AES , Serpent , and Twofish — are supported by many other encryption apps that can work with it .
In other words , TrueCrypt makes you feel better about taking all the revealing information about yourself or your work on the road .
Check our guide to encrypting your data for more .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Computers , portable : Mozilla 's desktop email client is an excellent tool for reading , sending , and archiving email , even if it does n't get a ton of love these days — seeing as how seemingly everyone 's doing their email thing on the web .
But even if you do n't use it as your main email client , Thunderbird remains the most reliable way to back up your email from any service and , in most cases , still access it when the web interface goes down .
With the imminent release of Thunderbird 3 , and the portable version to follow right after , Thunderbird might just turn a few more folks back to the idea of desktop email .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Computers , portable :
They 're not the same program , but they come from the same open - source roots .
These instant messaging clients do the yeoman 's work of connecting to all the major chat protocols and helping you maintain a universal buddy list .
Pidgin does the job adequately , if without a ton of pizazz , on Windows and Linux clients ( you can spice it up a bit with these snazzy plug- ins ) , while Adium , compiled from the same libpurple code library , is written with OS X's glassy looks in mind .
Both are crucial if you do n't want to run multiple memory - sucking IM clients on all your machines .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Computers , portable : Miro does n't get enough love ( here or elsewhere ) for being a pretty great all - in - one aggregator for all the video on the web .
The open - source video player handles video podcast feeds , Hulu streams ( which you can subscribe to , show - by - show , TiVo - style ) , live streams , local files , and anything else with moving pictures with ease and grace , and you can take it wherever you go to ensure you can watch your favorite web - accessible or desktop videos .
Advertisement
Computers , portable : 7 - Zip does n't have the sexiest job on a computer , but since no two operating systems accept all the same compressed file formats , it 's an essential download .
It tackles the RAR files that file sharers are so fond of , makes sense of .tar and .gz files on Windows systems , and has its own compression format ( .7z ) that 's space - saving and quick .
Advertisement
Computer , portable , and ( coming soon on non-Maemo devices ) mobile : Even if you do n't think it 's the absolute fastest or most cutting - edge browser , Firefox is safer than the well - known standard on most Windows systems , and it 's customizable in every last detail .
That makes it worth keeping on your USB drive as a go - to option for browsing at the in - laws or at home .
With add - ons like Xmarks or Weave , it 's also easy to keep your bookmarks — and keyword bookmark searches — within reach on any system .
And when Firefox Mobile , a.k.a.
Fennec , makes its debut on mobile phones , we might see some rather awesome synchronization of everything , right down to the last tab you had open at home .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Computers , web , mobile : Dropbox creates a single folder that you 'll always be able to access , no matter where you are .
That folder can actually sync files and folders from anywhere on your system , but the concept remains the same — instant backup for anything you drop in one location , across multiple computers , through Dropbox 's web site , on the iPhone , and on mobile browsers .
That makes it perfect for music you love to listen to , documents you need to work on , and photos you pick up at a relative 's house .
In other words , feel free to stop emailing yourself .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Computer , portable : Managing the multitude of codecs , formats , and restrictions on media files , from one system to another , is a pain you do n't need .
VLC Media player , installed on any system , just works .
It 's built with the goods to process , convert , resize , and stream just about any file you can find with audio or video , and its presence on a USB drive ensures nobody ever comes up embarrassed when their nephew 's soccer video just wo n't play , even though , they swear , it worked just yesterday .
For a guide on making the most of VLC 's cross-codec powers , read Adam 's tips on mastering your digital media with VLC .
Advertisement
What apps are always with you , or always downloaded , when you 're switching between systems , traveling , or otherwise away from your preferred setup ?
Do tell us in the comments .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A former German infantry commander has been jailed for life for his role in the killing of 14 civilians in an Italian village during World War II .
A Munich state court found 90 - year - old Josef Scheungraber guilty of ordering the killings , in what was one of the last Nazi crimes trials in Germany .
Scheungraber had previously been sentenced in absentia by an Italian military court to life in prison .
The killings took place in Falzano di Cortona , in Tuscany , on 26 June 1944 .
Scheungraber had always denied the charges , saying he handed the victims to the military police and did not know what happened to them .
His legal team had called for his acquittal due to contradictions in the testimony of witnesses 65 years after the events .
Free for decades Dressed in a traditional Bavarian jacket , Scheungraber appeared in good health as his sentence was handed down .
The 90 - year - old 's trial is expected to be one of the last of its kind
The court found that as a 25 - year - old Wehrmacht lieutenant , he had ordered the brutal killings in revenge for an attack by Italian partisans that left two German soldiers dead .
Although he was charged with 14 counts of murder and one of attempted murder , Scheungraber was actually convicted of 10 murders due to a lack of evidence .
German troops shot dead a 74 - year - old woman and three men in the street before forcing 11 others into a farmhouse which they then blew up .
Only the youngest - a 15 - year - old boy named Gino Massetti - survived , and he gave evidence during the trial in Munich .
Scheungraber , the former commander of a company of engineers , had lived for decades as a free man , and served on the town council in Ottobrunn , outside Munich .
He ran a furniture shop , attended German veterans ' marches and recently received an award for municipal service .
Although he was sentenced to life in prison for the Tuscany killings by an Italian military tribunal in La Spezia in September 2006 , Scheungraber did not attend that trial as Germany generally does not extradite its citizens without their consent .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
That does not mean the two nations are not connected , of course .
China ’s rebound in growth may slow if the American economy does not pick up .
China needs the United States to buy its goods , and the United States needs China to continue to buy its debt .
This mutual dependence makes it harder for either country to let the current dispute over Chinese tires and American chicken and auto parts to grow into a trade war .
But with more centralized economic planning than the United States , China has been able to disburse its stimulus much faster , turning it into new rail lines and highways .
China ’s finance ministry announced in late June that half the $ 173 billion in central government spending had already been allocated to specific projects .
The White House said in early July that a quarter of the spending authority and tax cuts in the $ 789 billion American stimulus had been allocated or used .
But even more key to China ’s recovery , economists say , are two other government efforts that are paying big dividends : looser lending and export supports .
The state - controlled banking system here  which breezed through the global financial crisis with minimal losses as American financial institutions reeled  unleashed $ 1.2 trillion in extra lending to Chinese consumers and businesses in the first seven months of this year .
That money is financing everything from a boom in car sales , up 82 percent in August from a year earlier , to frenzied factory construction .
Beijing also has given huge tax breaks and other assistance to exporters .
They include placing broad restrictions on imports and intervening heavily in currency markets to hold down the value of the renminbi , to keep Chinese exports competitive even in a weakened global economy .
The legal troubles for the sexy quartet of Vampire Diaries stars accused of flashing motorists from a Georgia bridge last month are over .
A Monroe County court spokeswoman told RadarOnline.com
“ The girls did not show up .
They each forfeited the cash bond of $ 500 that they paid for the bonding company . ”
Nina Dobrev , 20 , Candice Accola , 22 , Kayla Ewell , 24 and Sara Canning , 22 , ( along with photographer Tyler Shields and extra Krystal Vayda ) were booked at Monroe County Sheriff ’s Department on disorderly conduct charges following the Aug. 22 incident .
Secrets From The Vampire Diaries Set Makeup Artist
“ It ’s over , they forfeited $ 500 and Judge Geoffrey Davis dismissed the case since they forfeited the bond .
He is not issuing a warrant ; it ’s over since the county got the money from the bonding company .
All six people failed to appear so they each forfeited $ 500 for a total of $ 3000 . ”
Vampire Vixens Arrested For Flashing
A spokesperson for Tyler Shields told RadarOnline.com today : “ Tyler has no intention of asking the girls to re-pay him for the money that he lost in this incident .
“ He did the gentlemanly thing by posting the bail in the first place so that they could all be released quickly after they were charged . ”
Vampire Diary Hottie Ian Somerhalder Reveals His Most Embarrassing Moment
The Vampire Diaries continues to get strong ratings for the CW Network .
theoretical computer science , economics , and academic life in general .
Writing in personal capacity , not representing my employer or other colleagues
By Scott Lincicome
Kudos to the Obama Administration .
Yesterday , the US Treasury Department released its Semi-Annual Report to Congress on International Economic and Exchange Rate Policies , aka " the report wherein Treasury decides whether US trading partners are ' currency manipulators ' under US law . "
As expected , and as it did back in April , the Department declined to label China a currency manipulator , and for that I commend the administration .
Here 's the money quote from the report ( PDF ) :
The Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act of 1988 ( the “ Act ” ) requires the Secretary of the Treasury to provide biannual reports on the international economic and exchange rate policies of the major trading partners of the United States .
Under Section 3004 of the Act , the report must consider whether any foreign economy manipulates its rate of exchange against the U.S. dollar to prevent effective balance of payments adjustments or to gain unfair competitive advantage in international trade .
For the period covered in this Report , January 1 , 2009 to June 30 , 2009 , Treasury has concluded that no major trading partner of the United States met the standards identified in Section 3004 of the Act .
The decision is the right one - China is not a " currency manipulator " under the statute ; any attempt to label it as such would have resulted in a trade war with China that would make the Section 421 spat look like a third - grade tickle fight ; and it would have completely obliterated any chance that either the end - October US - China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade ( JCCT ) meetings or the Obama - Hu summit in November would achieve anything meaningful .
And Obama had to ( again ) turn down a direct , public demand from a key constituent - the US labor unions .
So kudos are in order .
I 've yet to see a response from the unions or manufacturers that lobbied for the currency labeling , but trade - disinformant - extraordinaire Senator Sherrod Brown ( D - OH ) was quick to condemn the move .
( Of course he was . )
His statement was " classic Brown , " and that 's not a good thing - falsely blaming the US - China trade deficit on the loss of " 4 million " manufacturing jobs ( see pp. 20 - 21 here for the factcheck on that bogus stat ) and falsely claiming that the " best estimates " show that China 's currency undervaluation amounts to a " 40 percent subsidy " ( which could only be true if by " best " he means " worst " and if it 's 2003 - before China 's currency appreciated by about 15 - 20 % against the dollar ) .
But I digress .
I was supposed to be applauding the Treasury decision .
So ...
* golf clap *
( Your regularly scheduled criticism , I 'm sure , will be back tomorrow . )
------------
In 2008 , Scott Lincicome served as a senior trade policy adviser for Senator John McCain ’s Presidential campaign .
He blogs at http://lincicome.blogspot.com/
There are a number of Australian political issues that leave me deeply heartbroken .
Mandatory detention for Asylum Seekers , the inequalities before the law that same sex couples are forced to experience and some too many others .
However , some issues just make me uncontrollably angry .
At the moment , this is SA Attorney General Michael Atkinson ’s seemingly personal agenda regarding a lack of an R18 + rating for video games .
Non-gamers often see this as a non-issue .
A deflecting topic that need not be considered when there is so much else going on .
Hopefully , I can give you another point of view .
If you read even a small part of the six page letter Mr Atkinson sent to Aaron John Percival of activist group ‘ Grow Up Australia ’ , you may start to recognise a concerning seed of ignorance and personal agenda on display .
It ’s exceedingly pathetic that in his letter , Mr Atkinson references a Bond University study that recently sampled a random selection of 4852 Australians .
He mentions that 62 % of Australians do n’t consider classification influences their decision when buying games ( In my opinion this only suggests that they are adults that do n’t feel they need to be dictated to – or parents who believe that without an R18 + rating , there ’s no need to when buying for their 15 + year old children )
However , when questioned about the other results of the survey that do n’t treat his opinion so well , he brushes aside any statistics reported that do n’t support his view as an ‘ industry body ’ was involved in the development of the study .
Regardless , it found that a staggering 91 % were in support of an R18 + rating for video games .
Now before you assume that this is an issue only for a small percent of the population , consider this :
88 % of Australian households have a device for gaming and 68 % play games .
68 %!
This is an issue that effects well over half of the Australian population .
The average age of these gamers is 30 years old .
Despite this overwhelmingly clear and unbiased evidence – Australia is still well away from an R18 + rating for video games .
Why ?
Because Michael Atkinson does n’t want one .
I ’ve never encountered anything so frustratingly obvious .
It ’s no secret that our elected officials are often putting personal bias ahead of the views of their constituents , however – at least for the most part these personal agendas are masked by data supporting their cause .
Michael Atkinson has presented no such thing – he ’s just flaunting his smug bias it like a badge of honour !
Does anyone else find this dangerous ?
There is one person in charge .
One ignorant , stubborn and condescending person in charge .
Lucky this issue is n’t about the death penalty , conscription or internet censorship ( oh.. wait ) .
He ’s not going to change his mind .
Despite pages and pages of hard evidence disproving his understanding of the situation – he ’s made it very clear he will not change his stance on this issue .
This is exceedingly unrepresentative and it has to stop .
One of his arguments is that if other states let uncensored R18 + games in – they wo n’t be able to stop it coming into SA … .
So ?
That ’s the point .
What makes South Australians so prudish that they do n’t want an adult game to play ?
More importantly , what makes South Australian 15 year olds so mature that they should be let loose to hack up a bunch of zombies in Left 4 Dead 2 ?
Another is that he somehow imagines that children can ( possibly by magic ) get through a gaming console ’s lock out system :
If adults think they can devise a lock - out system to defeat children , tell ’em they ’re dreaming .
Maybe if you give them the password .
I love it how all the technological neanderthals we seem to have elected are now going to compare every lock out system in existence to the government ’s excuse for a net nanny system .
Just because the system was so much of a steaming pile of horseshit that my cat could get past it by sleeping on my keyboard – does n’t mean every developer creating a lock out system will make the same stupid mistakes .
One of the things that creeps me out the most about his responses is that he seems to keep vomiting out this term ‘ depraved sex ’ .
Which part of sex is depraved , Mr Atkinson ?
The bit where the penis goes into the vagina ?
Or maybe the part where the natural milk giving mammary is exposed ?
I ’ve got to assume that Mr Atkinson thinks that all sex is depraved because he has n’t mentioned anything to the contrary .
He can only conjure up one set of examples of games where what most people would describe as ‘ depraved sex ’ is occurring .
These are games that have only been released in Japan and banned elsewhere .
They would not be allowed release in Australia under existing guidelines – and nor should they .
I ’m absolutely disgusted that he ’s gotten this far unchecked .
I ’m also not counting on this national discussion paper of theirs to actually do any good at all .
As you can hear in his interview on Radio Nationals ‘ National Interest ’ late last week – Atkinson does n’t want it released as it seems anything that takes a balanced perspective that supports neither side of the argument is plain ‘ advocacy ’ in his eyes – yes he ’s very happy to ‘ discuss ’ the issue – but only on his terms … which is a impossibly childish perspective to take .
All I can suggest is that you write to your state attorney generals , demanding some transparency and respect for the Australian public .
Even if you ’re not a gamer – this is your chance to stop this disgraceful parenting of the Australian adult population .
First it ’ll be the games .
Then films , television , books and of course the internet .
I know it seems this is a whole lot over nothing , but what I see is the start of something dangerously controlling and an arbitrary dismissal of our personal liberty .
If you ’re still not convinced , consider this well known poem and think of how it may apply to you :
First they came for the communists , and I did not speak out — because I was not a communist ;
Then they came for the socialists , and I did not speak out — because I was not a socialist ;
Then they came for the trade unionists , and I did not speak out — because I was not a trade unionist ;
Then they came for the Jews , and I did not speak out — because I was not a Jew ;
Then they came for me — and there was no one left to speak out for me .
Pastor Martin Niemöller ( 1892 –1984 )
U.S. Congressman calls for ' war tax ' ahead of Obama 's decision on extra troops for Afghanistan
Barack Obama will wipe out his efforts to save the US economy if he sends more troops to Afghanistan , a senior Democrat warned last night .
David Obey , chairman of the House of Representatives Appropriations Committee said Americans could be forced to pay a ' war tax ' if the conflict escalates .
He spoke out after another four U.S. troops were killed in Afghanistan and Nato urged allies to commit extra forces to help combat the resurgent Taliban .
Barack Obama has been urged to commit extra troops to Afghanistan
President Obama will hold another meeting with advisers tonight over Pentagon requests for up to 40,000 reinforcements .
But Mr Obey said he feared the President would bankrupt his domestic agenda if he ups the ante in Afghanistan .
' There ain't going to be no money for nothing if we pour it all into Afghanistan , ' he told ABC News .
' If they ask for an increased troop commitment in Afghanistan , I am going to ask them to pay for it , ' he added .
The powerful House Appropriations Committee controls the purse strings in Congress and the chairman 's remarks reflect the growing unease among senior Democrats over the war .
' On the merits , I think it is a mistake to deepen our involvement , ' said Mr Obey .
' But if we are going to do that , then at least we ought to pay for it .
Because if we do n't , if we do n't pay for it , the cost of the Afghan war will wipe out every initiative we have to rebuild our own economy . '
David Obey 's war tax proposal would involve high - earners paying 5 per cent of their incomes
He said he favours a ' war surtax ' in which high - earners pay 5 per cent of their incomes and the lower paid hand over smaller percentages .
White House budget director Peter Orszag has suggested it would cost the U.S. £ 24 billion a year to send the 40,000 additional troops .
With the U.S. national debt at £ 7.2 trillion and rising , Mr Obey is not alone among those who fear Afghanistan could divert resources from projects at home .
But the White House fears that such a move would only antagonise a public already weary of the eight - year conflict .
The latest casualties bring the US death toll in Afghanistan this month to 15 , with 58 fatalities in October .
In Brussels yesterday , Nato Secretary - General Anders Fogh Rasmussen was in intense negotiations to get more troops and equipment for the newly - established Nato training mission in Afghanistan .
Several allies have promised reinforcements , but most have shied away from firm commitments until Mr Obama shows his hand on extra troops .
Daniel Barry for The New York Times
A judge on Friday morning halted enforcement of a New York State directive requiring that all health care workers be vaccinated for the seasonal flu and swine flu .
The temporary restraining order by the judge , Thomas J. McNamara , an acting justice of the State Supreme Court in Albany , comes amid a growing debate about the flu vaccine .
On Friday afternoon , the State Department of Health vowed to fight the restraining order , saying that the authorities “ have clear legal authority ” to require vaccinations , and noted that state courts had upheld mandatory vaccinations of health care workers against rubella and tuberculosis .
Justice McNamara scheduled a hearing for Oct. 30 on the three cases before him , involving the flu vaccine .
The state health commissioner , Dr. Richard F. Daines , through the State Hospital Review and Planning Council , issued a regulation on Aug. 13 ordering health care workers to be vaccinated by Nov. 30 or face fines .
Dr. Daines later explained the reasoning behind the vaccine , saying in a statement on Sept. 24 :
Questions about safety and claims of personal preference are understandable .
Given the outstanding efficacy and safety record of approved influenza vaccines , our overriding concern then , as health care workers , should be the interests of our patients , not our own sensibilities about mandates .
On this , the facts are very clear : the welfare of patients is , without any doubt , best served by the very high rates of staff immunity that can only be achieved with mandatory influenza vaccination – not the 40 - 50 percent rates of staff immunization historically achieved with even the most vigorous of voluntary programs .
Under voluntary standards , institutional outbreaks occur every flu season .
Medical literature convincingly demonstrates that high levels of staff immunity confer protection on those patients who cannot be or have not been effectively vaccinated themselves , while also allowing the institution to remain more fully staffed .
Terence L. Kindlon , a lawyer for three nurses who sued the state , asserting that the order violated their civil rights , said the judge ’s ruling was a victory .
New York was the only state in the country to mandate vaccinations for health care workers , he said .
The nurses — Lorna Patterson , Kathryn Dupuis and Stephanie Goertz — work in the emergency room at Albany Medical Center , a regional trauma unit .
“ These are not libertarians , they are not lefties , they are not right - wing lunatics , ” Mr. Kindlon said of his clients in a phone interview on Friday .
“ They are health care professionals , and they think the vaccination is not going to be good for them .
They have no confidence that either the seasonal flu vaccine or H1N1 vaccine is going to do any good for them . ”
Justice McNamara consolidated the nurses ’ suit with two other lawsuits , brought by the New York State Public Employees Federation and the New York State United Teachers Union , which also challenged the regulation .
Mr. Kindlon said of his clients : “ They basically were being administratively ambushed .
This regulation came out of the Health Department during the dog days of August .
People were n’t aware of it until September .
Then they were suddenly advised that the drop - dead rate for receiving the vaccination from the state was Nov. 30 . ”
The hospital imposed its own deadline — mid-October — for vaccinations for its employees , Mr. Kindlon said .
The state is all but certain to fight the lawsuits and seek enforcement of the mandate .
At a legislative hearing on Tuesday , Dr. Guthrie Birkhead , a state deputy health commissioner , defended the mandate , saying , “ Health care settings are no different than any other setting where vaccination is the most effective method of preventing influenza . ”
In a statement on Friday afternoon , the State Department of Health noted that Justice McNamara ’s order was only temporary .
Officials said in a statement :
In two weeks the Department is scheduled to be in court , where we will vigorously defend this lawsuit on its merits .
We are confident that the regulation will be upheld .
The Commissioner of Health and the State Hospital Review and Planning Council have clear legal authority to promulgate the mandatory regulation .
As one court said in a 1990 ruling rejecting a challenge to regulations requiring mandatory rubella vaccinations and annual tuberculosis testing for health care workers : “ Hospitals . . . exist for the benefit of their patients .
They exist to cure the sick .
The Legislature of this State has charged the Commissioner of Health with the responsibility of making hospitals safe places to get well .
These regulations are tailored to accomplish that end . ”
The issue of mandatory vaccinations has divided health care workers and even experts .
The Public Employees Federation , which has about 5,000 members covered by the regulations , said it encouraged its members to be vaccinated against the flu but opposed making the vaccine a condition of employment .
The New York State Nurses Association has taken a similar position .
The association “ supports immunization as an effective way to reduce the risk of contracting the flu , but upholds the right of registered professional nurses to choose whether or not they wish to be vaccinated , ” officials said in a statement , adding , “ The association believes effective patient protection is achieved through an aggressive voluntary vaccination program , coupled with a comprehensive infection prevention plan that includes education , proper hygiene practices , and the appropriate use of personal protective equipment . ”
Patricia Finn , a lawyer for Suzanne Field , a nurse from Poughkeepsie , N.Y. , who has filed a lawsuit in State Supreme Court in Manhattan challenging the mandatory vaccinations , said on Friday that her case would proceed despite the Albany restraining order , but added about the temporary restraining order :
The gross domestic product grew last quarter , it was announced last week , raising the question :
What would a recovery look like ?
“ Unfortunately , ” says John Ryding , chief economist at RDQ Economics , “ you have as many views of the economy going forward as you have letters of the alphabet to describe recovery . ”
Here are a few possibilities .
A V-SHAPE RECESSION is a best - case scenario .
It refers to cases when the economy snaps back as quickly and steeply as it fell .
The recession of the mid-1950s is a good example : Output dropped for three straight quarters , but then not too long afterward rocketed back up at rates of 8.3 percent and then 12 percent .
Few economists are predicting a V - shape this time around , since consumers and job seekers are still facing pretty strong headwinds .
AN L-SHAPE RECESSION , also known as a “ hockey stick ” recession , is probably the most worrisome of all .
It means that once the economy plunges , it stays down for a long , long time .
The typical example is the Japanese economy in the 1990s , which stagnated for a “ lost decade ” after an asset bubble burst .
Because the current American recession was also triggered by an asset bubble , some economists had worried that the United States might be doomed to a fate like Japan’s .
But last week ’s output report has given hope that the American economy might bounce back after all .
A W-SHAPE RECESSION also has plenty of other gimmicky names , including “ double - dip , ” “ second leg down ” and “ roller - coaster recession . ”
These all refer to downturns that become upturns but then revert to downturns again .
Think of the twin recessions of the 1980s :
The economy “ dipped ” in 1980 , appeared to recover , and then “ dipped ” once again .
Some economists fear that this kind of “ second leg down ” may be lurking behind the good news last week .
Obama Resuming G.W.Bush's
" Extraordinary Renditions "
By Sherwood Ross
02 November , 2009
Countercurrents.org
Even though Barack Obama , the candidate , pledged to end “ the practice of shipping away prisoners in the dead of night to be tortured in far - off countries , ” his FBI has been rendering kidnap victims to the U.S .
The practice is still kidnapping , however ; and it ’s still illegal .
Unlucky victim No. 1 was Raymond Azar , 45 , flown from Afghanistan to Alexandria , Va. , not to a foreign country .
The construction manager for Sima International , a Lebanese outfit that did work for the U.S. military , Azar said he was tortured by his abductors .
He might just as well have been flow to Egypt under the Bushies .
Interestingly , Azar was never charged as a dangerous terrorist , only with conspiracy to commit bribery for wiring $ 106,000 in kickbacks to a U.S. employee ’s bank account in hopes of getting $ 13 million in unpaid bills okayed .
For this comparatively trivial white collar crime , Azar ’s lawyers said when arrested he was stripped naked , hooded , and subjected to a body cavity search .
What ’s more , according to an article by Scott Horton , writing on “ Common Dreams , ” Azar claims a federal agent showed Azar a photo of his wife and four children and told him to confess or else he might “ never see them again . ”
Azar confessed , and pled guilty to conspiracy to commit bribery .
Azar alleged he was shackled to an office chair for seven hours , put in an unheated metal shipping container and given only a thin blanket despite near freezing temperature , denied sleep and food for 30 hours , had his ears covered by earphones and blindfolded during his plane ride from Kabul , Afghanistan , to the U.S. , Horton reported .
Court records indicate Azar was shackled at the ankles , waist , and wrists .
“ These procedures --- particularly the blindfolding and shackling --- correspond to standard Bush - era enhanced interrogation techniques , which President Obama declared banned immediately on his arrival in office , ” Horton noted .
The arrest of this manager was made by no fewer than 10 men wearing flak jackets and carrying military style assault weapons , according to legal papers filed by Azar ’s lawyers .
Maybe they expected him to be toting a wrecking ball .
“ Bizarre , ” is how Joanne Mariner of Human Rights Watch described the rendition .
“ He was treated like a high - security terrorist instead of someone accused of a relatively minor white - collar crime , ” she told the Los Angeles Times August 22nd .
Removing Azar from Afghanistan would only be legal with approval of that government but Interior Ministry officials there said no such approval was requested by the U.S .
International law professor Philippe Sands of London University is quoted by Horton as terming Azar ’s allegations “ deeply troubling ” in that they indicate “ clear violations of international norms on due process and detainee treatment . ”
Under “ extraordinary rendition , ” alleged terror suspects in the past have been abducted by the CIA and flown to be tortured ( and / or murdered ) to Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Syria , Morocco , Jordan and Uzbekistan , among other venues .
The practice was started in 1996 under President Bill Clinton , who is said to have rendered 80 suspects , and was vastly expanded by President George W. Bush after 9/11 .
Rendition on its face is a violation of Article 3 of the United Nations Convention Against Torture , ratified by the U.S. in 1994 .
As Wikipedia notes , “ Rendered suspects are denied due process because they are arrested without charges and deprived of legal counsel . ”
During his appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee last February , CIA nominee Leon Panetta , now Agency Director , said , “ I think renditions where we return individuals to another country where they prosecute them under their laws , I think that is an appropriate use of rendition , ” the Associated Press reported .
Obama ’s aides have said they will count on the diplomatic assurances of the other countries not to torture suspects .
Amrit Singh , a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union , said such assurances have “ proven completely ineffective in preventing torture . ”
With some modifications , the Obama administration appears to be carrying forward the ugly practices of the Bush and Clinton imperial presidencies , hardly the “ change ” for which the American people had hoped .
Unless you count “ chump change . ”
( Sherwood Ross is a Miami - based public relations consultant who formerly reported for the Chicago Daily News and wire services .
Contact him at sherwoodross10@gmail.com )
From Hunter of Daily Kos :
So , let me get this straight : we ’ve got Sen .
Tom Carper ( D - DE ) , of all people , coming up with an “ alternative ” to the currently proposed opt - out public option .
We ’re going to be listening to the earnest proposals from Tom Carper , the senator from the great state of corporate - magic - fairyland Delaware , a state that seems at this point only to exist in order to allow America ’s largest corporations to circumvent the corporate laws and taxes of other states .
Tom Carper , who is the number one recipient of corporate cash vs. individual contributions of all Democrats in the Senate , with about 44 percent of every one of his campaign dollars coming from corporate PACs — a feat that required him out - grubbing all four of the other top corporate go - to Democrats on that list , Blanche Lincoln , Kent Conrad , Ben Nelson and Max Baucus , all of whom have already gone to great and much - publicized lengths to make sure that any bill passed by the Senate is as much of a cash cow for private insurance companies as possible , and who have become regular fixtures in the attempt to gut , water down , or carve away anything that might be the slightest bit inconvenient for those companies .
That Tom Carper .
With all due respect — which is to say , next to zero — you have got to be kidding me .
After months of knock - down , drag - out bullshit from the most mealymouthed , weak - kneed , PAC - funded , cowardly , out of touch , let - them - eat - cakeish , preemptively - surrendering , fake - bipartisaney corporate - humping voter - dodging cash - grubbing incompetents of the Senate , they ’ve left it to the top Democratic Sen .
GimmeCash McCorporatePants of all to come up with one more last - ditch effort to make sure nothing , absolutely nothing of substance might remain in this bill that would stand in the way of insurance companies continuing to gouge both Americans and the government for every last penny they ’ve got .
While all the while ensuring that the number of uninsured Americans stay high ( unless we ’re willing to simply funnel government cash , with few strings attached , to the very insurance companies causing the problems ) , and that heath care costs will continue to be irrational and unsustainable .
You know , as long as they do n’t reach some future imaginary level of too irrational , or too unsustainable , like most of us think we reached decades ago but which the Senate still can’t quite be persuaded that they should give a shit about .
You know , seriously — we all know that a sizable chunk of Democrats in the Senate do n’t want to fix America ’s healthcare problem .
We all know perfectly well that they consider it a threat to their corporate cash , and that in the end they do n’t give a flying damn about fixing anything about the fiasco that passes for healthcare in this country , so long as they can do some bare , pissant substanceless nothing that can allow them to write up a nice victory message on their next voter pamphlet and get the hell on with their day .
But by far the thing that is most infuriating is that the Democrats do n’t even try to hide it very much .
This whole time the biggest political hurdle to healthcare reform has n’t been the Republicans — a dead party that nobody expects to support or have ideas about or even understand anything , since they ’re too busy locked in an internal masturbatory struggle to see who can paint the most pleasingly scary conspiracy theories and alternate realities with which to titillate the dumbest of the dumb , back home — no , the hurdle has been this phalanx of ten or so absolutely whorish corporate Dems , leaders who have never found a damn thing on any issue , anywhere worth doing unless it either weakens the government against the corporations they represent or funnel cash by the billions to those self - same companies .
Every bill they support seems hand - tailored by lobbyists .
Every position they take can be guessed not by applying moronic ideological labels like “ conservative ” or “ liberal ” or “ Blue Dog ” or whatever , but by just looking at what legislative choice would put more cash into the pockets of whatever company has hired the most lobbyists .
Every fucking name that has come up as being “ against ” the public option has been one of these unwaveringly corporate whore - Dems .
Every damn time .
What possible sense it makes to have all of the top corporate cash - sucking Dems in positions of supposedly “ watchdogging ” the corporations that feed them — well , it ’s not an irrational act or a conspiracy , it ’s just a natural product of our Fine Upstanding Senate Traditions , and of our own Democrats , like the Republicans , very much wanting to be as crooked and corrupt and corporatist and money - grubbing as their voters will possibly let them squeak by with being , and presuming that as long as they ’re slightly less corrupted , slightly less crooked than the worst of the other party , they ’ll be fine , what the hell — serve the drinks and pass the bills .
A very large chunk of our greatest - deliberative - body Democrats do n’t want to pass healthcare reform , they want to kill it .
Our leadership , frankly , does n’t seem to give a rat ’s ass either way , and all parties involved think we have the intelligence of doorstops , but I think what we would all really , really like most of all , in this ongoing and thoroughly asinine “ debate ” , is if this vaunted national leadership of ours would quit trying to blow smoke up our ass and tell us we ’re hickory - smoked .
Fine , we get it , senators : you ’re corporate whores , money - grubbing professional campaigners who do n’t have the slightest interest in actually solving this problem .
You seek any avenue to avoid the obvious , most cost - effective option , the one that will insure the most people and do the most to control costs , itself a mealy compromise offered to avoid plans that would work even better — but which none of the offending companies offering up their opinions and lobbyists for this debate would possibly tolerate .
But good God , could the Dems at least do us the decency of putting up a person or two “ negotiating ” for this legislation who is n’t among the top single - digit cash - grabbers from the very industries they ’re supposed to be policing ?
Previous Post :
« Palm Springs Club Cheers as John Mayer Seems to Enjoy Gay Kiss
GTFL - A Graphical Terminal For Lisp
Abstract GTFL is a graphical terminal for Common Lisp .
The client is a html page running in a web browser and GTFL provides mechanisms for sending content to the client page from within Lisp ( using HUNCHENTOOT and HT - SIMPLE - AJAX ) .
It is meant for Lisp programmers who want to debug or visualize their own algorithms .
Instead of printing tracing information to the Lisp listener ( which everybody normally does to understand what 's going on ) , more readable graphical representations of the algorithm 's internals are sent to the GTFL client page .
GTFL also comes with mechanisms for visualizing complex ( hierarchical ) data or control structures .
It provides functions for drawing trees and for hiding complexity in elements that expand when the user clicks on them .
Two real - life examples for an application of GTFL can be found here and here .
These are debug traces of linguistic parsing and production in the Fluid Construction Grammar ( FCG ) framework .
Such traces help the developers FCG to understand and debug their programs and they help users of FCG to see what their linguistic rules are doing .
By encapsulating visualizations for representations in expandable html elements , the complete trace fits into one browser window and still includes every little detail and intermediate processing step of the involved FCG algorithms ( which would be thousands of pages debugging output to the listener ) .
Below is another example of using GTFL for visualizing Lisp data structures .
It was created with a few lines of code ( examples / asdf - dependency - tree.lisp ) and shows the dependencies of an asdf system .
Click on the black nodes to reveal details about the systems and click them a second time to hide the details again : dependencies for asdf system GTFL expand all collapse all gtfl gtfl description : A Graphical Terminal For Lisp .
long - description : See http://martin-loetzsch.de/gtfl/ author : Martin Loetzsch licence : BSD - style version : 0.1.3 hunchentoot hunchentoot description : Hunchentoot is a HTTP server based on USOCKET and BORDEAUX - THREADS .
It supports HTTP 1.1 , serves static files , has a simple framework for user - defined handlers and can be extended through subclassing .
version : 1.2.2 chunga chunga version : 1.1.1 trivial - gray - streams trivial - gray - streams no details available cl - base64 cl- base64 description : Base64 encoding and decoding with URI support .
author : Kevin M. Rosenberg based on initial code by Juri Pakaste maintainer : Kevin M. Rosenberg < kmr@debian.org > licence : BSD - style version : 3.1 cl - fad cl - fad version : 0.6.4 sb-posix sb-posix no details available sb - grovel sb - grovel version : 0.01 cl - ppcre cl- ppcre version : 2.0.3 flexi - streams flexi- streams version : 1.0.7 trivial - gray - streams cl+ssl cl+ssl no details available cffi cffi description : The Common Foreign Function Interface author : James Bielman < jamesjb@jamesjb.com > maintainer : Luis Oliveira < loliveira@common-lisp.net > licence : MIT version : 0.10.6 alexandria alexandria description : Alexandria is a collection of portable public domain utilities .
long - description : Alexandria is a project and a library .
As a project Alexandria 's goal is to reduce duplication of effort and improve portability of Common Lisp code according to its own idiosyncratic and rather conservative aesthetic .
What this actually means is open to debate , but each project member has a veto on all project activities , so a degree of conservativism is inevitable .
As a library Alexandria is one of the means by which the project strives for its goals .
Alexandria is a collection of portable public domain utilities that meet the following constraints : * Utilities , not extensions : Alexandria will not contain conceptual extensions to Common Lisp , instead limiting itself to tools and utilities that fit well within the framework of standard ANSI Common Lisp .
Test - frameworks , system definitions , logging facilities , serialization layers , etc. are all outside the scope of Alexandria as a library , though well within the scope of Alexandria as a project .
* Conservative : Alexandria limits itself to what project members consider conservative utilities .
Alexandria does not and will not include anaphoric constructs , loop - like binding macros , etc. * Portable : Alexandria limits itself to portable parts of Common Lisp .
Even apparently conservative and useful functions remain outside the scope of Alexandria if they cannot be implemented portably .
Portability is here defined as portable within a conforming implementation : implementation bugs are not considered portability issues .
* Team player : Alexandria will not ( initially , at least ) subsume or provide functionality for which good - quality special - purpose packages exist , like split - sequence .
Instead , third party packages such as that may be " blessed " .
licence : Public Domain / 0 - clause MIT version : 0.0.0 trivial - features trivial - features description : Ensures consistent * FEATURES * across multiple CLs .
author : Luis Oliveira < loliveira@common-lisp.net > licence : MIT version : 0.6 babel babel description : Babel , a charset conversion library .
author : Luis Oliveira < loliveira@common-lisp.net > licence : MIT version : 0.3.0 trivial - features alexandria trivial - gray - streams flexi - streams sb-posix bordeaux - threads bordeaux - threads author : Greg Pfeil < greg@technomadic.org > licence : MIT version : 0.8.1 alexandria trivial - garbage trivial - garbage description : Portable finalizers , weak hash - tables and weak pointers .
author : Luis Oliveira < loliveira@common-lisp.net > licence : Public Domain version : 0.19 md5 md5 description : MD5 Message Digest function long - description :
This package contains functions to compute the MD5 sum on a stream or string .
author : Pierre Mai maintainer : Kevin M. Rosenberg < kmr@debian.org > licence : Public Domain version : 1.8 rfc2388 rfc2388 description : Implementation of RFC 2388 long - description : Contains an implementation of RFC 2388 , which is used to process form data posted with HTTP POST method using enctype " multipart / form - data " .
author : < jonis@latnet.lv > version : 1.5 trivial - backtrace trivial - backtrace description : trivial - backtrace author : Gary Warren King < gwking@metabang.com > maintainer : Gary Warren King < gwking@metabang.com > licence : MIT
Style license version : 1.0.2 usocket usocket description : Universal socket library for Common Lisp author : Erik Enge & Erik Huelsmann maintainer : Chun Tian ( binghe ) licence : MIT version : 0.6.0 sb-bsd - sockets sb-bsd - sockets version : 0.58 sb - grovel bordeaux - threads cl - who cl- who version : 0.11.1 ht - simple - ajax ht - simple - ajax description : simple AJAX for Hunchentoot long - description : See http://martin-loetzsch.de/ht-simple-ajax/ author : Martin Loetzsch licence : BSD - style version : 0.4 hunchentoot GTFL comes with a BSD - style license so you can basically do with it whatever you want .
Download shortcut : http://martin-loetzsch.de/gtfl/gtfl.tar.gz.
Sponsored links
Contents
Download and installation
GTFL together with examples and this documentation can be downloaded from http://martin-loetzsch.de/gtfl/gtfl.tar.gz.
The current version is 0.1.3 .
GTFL directly relies on CL - WHO for html generation , HUNCHENTOOT ( version >= 1.1.0 ) for running the web server and HT - SIMPLE - AJAX for the asynchrounous client / server communication .
And these libraries themselves require quite a number of other libraries ( see the dependency graph above ) .
Make sure you have recent versions of everything .
If you do n't want to download all these libraries manually , you can use Quicklisp or ASDF - INSTALL :
( ql:quickload " gtfl " )
( asdf - install : install ' gtfl )
Once everything is installed , GTFL is compiled and loaded with :
( asdf:operate ' asdf:load - op : gtfl )
Browser compatibility
As of 2012 , all contemporary web browsers except Internet Explorer work well with gtfl .
The output of GTFL is XHTML 1.0 Strict and CSS level 2.1 conform as can be checked below ( this page is a document created with GTFL ) :
The GTFL terminal
GTFL consists of two main components that are defined in gtfl.lisp : a html client page running in a web browser and a Lisp web server that mediates between your program and the client page .
In order to push stuff from Lisp to the client , the Lisp side of GTFL maintains a " request list " into which the output routines put their content .
The client page has a continuously running event loop that polls this list every 200 ms using asynchronous AJAX calls .
Here 's now some basic usage examples :
This starts the web server .
You should see now the client page at http://localhost:8000
( or the address and port you have set ) .
Now you can push any content there , for example
=>
This will show up in the client page :
hello world
GTFL uses CL - WHO for rendering s-expressions into XHTML .
If you are not familiar with CL - WHO then read its documentation first .
More examples :
( gtfl - out ( : p " some text , " ( : span : style " color:red ; " " and some in red . " ) ) ( :p " and a second paragraph " ) )
=>
some text , and some in red .
and a second paragraph
( defparameter * element - id* nil ) ( gtfl - out ( : p " a paragraph , " ( : span :id ( setf * element - id* ( make - id - string ) ) : style " border : 1 px solid red " " and a span as child element " ) ) )
=>
a paragraph , and a span as child element
=>
a paragraph , and new span content
( gtfl - out ( : p " a paragraph , " ( : span :id ( setf * element - id* ( make - id - string ) ) : style " border : 1 px solid red " " and a span as child element " ) ) )
=>
a paragraph , and a span as child element
=>
a paragraph , and a span as child element , and more content
[ Special variable ]
* gtfl - address *
The address to use for the web server .
Default : " localhost " .
[ Special variable ]
* gtfl - port *
The port to use for the web server .
Default : 8000 .
[ Function ]
start - gtfl => no values
Starts the web server at the specified address .
[ Macro ]
gtfl - out &rest expressions => no values
Adds some content to the bottom of the client page .
expressions is something that 's ok within CL - WHO 's with - html - output macro .
See examples above .
[ Macro ]
replace - element - content id &rest expressions => no values
Replaces the content of the element with id ( a string ) by expressions .
See examples above .
[ Macro ]
append - to - element id &rest expressions => no values
Appends expressions to the element with id .
See examples above .
[ Function ]
reset - gtfl => no values
Clears the content area of the client page and resets things on the Lisp side .
This function is called either
directly ,
when the ' reset ' button on the client page was clicked ,
when the client page is ( re ) loaded .
[ Special variable ]
* reset - functions *
A list of functions that are called by reset - gtfl .
If you want to reset some of your stuff in this case , add your function here : ( pushnew #'my - reset - function * reset- functions * ) .
[ Macro ]
who &rest expressions => no values
Writes rendered html to * standard - output* .
This is a shortcut for ( with - html - output ( * standard - output * ) < expressions > ) .
expressions is something that 's ok within CL - WHO 's with - html - output macro .
Example :
GTFL > ( who ( : div : foo " bar " " baz " ) ) < div foo= " bar " > baz </div > NIL
[ Macro ]
who2s &rest expressions => html string
Renders expression into a html string .
This is a shortcut for ( with- html- output - to- string ( * standard - output * ) < expressions > ) .
Example :
[ Macro ]
who - lambda &rest expressions => anonymous function
Makes an anonymous function that writes the rendered html to * standard - output * .
Example :
GTFL > ( who - lambda ) ( : div : foo " bar " " baz " ) ) #< Anonymous Function # x300043366A4 F > GTFL > ( funcall *) < div foo= " bar " > baz </div > NIL
[ Function ]
define-css id css => no values
Adds css fragments to the client page .
When the client page is created , all these code fragments are concatenated into one big inline css .
Note that you will have to reload the client page when you change css definitions .
id is an id for the code fragment .
Repeated calls with the same id overwrite previous definitions .
css is the css code fragment .
You are responsible for adding line endings .
Example :
[ Function ]
define - js id js => no values
The same as define - css above , but for javascript code .
( define - js ' bar " function bar ( ) { return ( 1 + 1 ) ; } " )
[ Function ]
make - id - string &optional base => string
Creates an uniquely numbered id string that can be used as an id for html elements .
base is the prefix of the id ( default : " id " ) .
Example :
Expandable elements
The file expandable - elements .lisp contains functionality to create html elements that expand when the user clicks on them and that collapse again when they are clicked a second time .
Furthermore , several elements can be expanded / collapsed at once using another button .
In order to save browser resources ( memory , time ) , the expanded and collapsed version of each element are kept in Lisp and are only sent to the browser when needed : the version that is initally sent to the client contains only the collapsed version and when the expand link is clicked , it is replaced with the expanded version stored on the lisp side .
Example :
( gtfl - out ( : div ( let (( expand/ collapse - all - id ( make - id - string ) ) ( * create - static - expandable /collapsable-elements * t ) ) ( make - expandable / collapsable - element ( make - id - string ) expand / collapse - all - id ( who2s ( make - expand / collapse - all - link expand / collapse - all - id t nil " expand all " ) ) ( who2s ( make - expand / collapse - all - link expand / collapse - all - id nil nil " collapse all " ) ) ) ( loop repeat 3 for element - id = ( make - id - string ) do ( htm ( : div : style " border : 1 px solid # aaa ; display : inline - block ; margin - left:10 px ; " ( make - expandable / collapsable - element element - id expand / collapse - all - id ( who2s ( : div ( make - expand / collapse - link element - id t nil " expand " ) ( : br ) " collapsed " ) ) ( who2s ( : div ( make - expand / collapse - link element - id nil nil " collapse " ) ( : br ) ( : div : style " font- size :150 % " " expanded " ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
=>
[ Function ]
make - expandable / collapsable - element element - id expand / collapse - all - id collapsed - element expanded - element &key expand - initially => no values
Creates an element that allows to switch between an expanded and a collapsed version .
element - id ( a string ) is the id given to the element so that function make - expand / collapse - link can reference it .
expand / collapse - all - id ( a string ) is the id of a group of elements that can be expanded / collapsed at the same time ( see make - expand / collapse - all - link ) .
collapsed - element and expanded - element are the collapsed and expanded version of the element .
They can be either an expression that evaluates to a html string , e.g. " < div foo / > " or ( who2s : div " foo " ) , or an anonymous function that writes an html string , e.g. ( who - lambda ( : div " foo " ) ) or #'( lambda ( ) ( princ " < div foo / > " ) ) .
In the latter case the expanded version only gets computed when requested by the client , which avoids unneccessary computation .
When expand - initially is t then the expanded version is shown initially .
[ Macro ]
make - expand / collapse - link element - id expand ?
title &rest content => no values
Makes a link for expanding / collapsing an element .
element - id is the id of the element to expand or collapse .
When expand ?
is t , then the element gets expanded , otherwise collapsed .
title is the title of the link ( shown when the mouse is over the link ) .
When nil , then " expand " or " collapse " are used .
body is the content of the link ( a cl- who expression ) .
Example :
GTFL > ( make - expand / collapse - link " foo " t nil " expand " ) < a href= " javascript :expand ( ' foo ' ) ; " title= " expand " > expand </a> NIL GTFL > ( make - expand / collapse - link " foo " nil " click here to collapse " ( :b " collapse " ) ) < a href= " javascript:collapse ( ' foo ' ) ; " title= " click here to collapse " >< b> collapse</b></a> NIL
[ Macro ]
make - expand / collapse - all - link expand / collapse - all - id expand ?
title &rest content => no values
Makes a link for expanding / collapsing a group of elements .
expand / collapse - all - idis the id of the element group to expand / collapse .
All other parameters as above .
[ Special variable ]
* create - static - expandable /collapsable - elements *
When this is set to t , both the expanded and collapsed version will be embedded in the html code ( one visible and the other hidden ) .
This makes the html code bigger ( and thus rendering slower ) , but allows to save generated html pages , with the expand / collapse functionality still working when not connected to the web server .
Note that in the example above this was also set to t , because otherwise the example would not work in this static html page that is not connected to the lisp server .
Tree drawing
In tree - drawing .lisp there is a function for recursively drawing trees .
It takes html expressions for drawing a node and its children ( which can be trees themselves ) and connects them with horizontal and vertical lines .
The decision how to layout the tree ( i.e. how wide to draw each node ) is left to the html rendering engine of the web browser .
Examples ( resize the browser window to see the dynamic layout in action ) :
( defparameter * example - tree* '( " top node . " ( " child node one with three children " ( " first out of three children " ) ( " second out of three children " ) ( " third out of three children " ) ) ( " child node two with one child " ( " very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text . " ) ) ) ) ( defun draw - node ( string ) ( who ( : div : style " padding : 4 px ; border : 1 px solid # 888;margin-top:4px;margin-bottom:4px;background-color : #eee ; " ( princ string ) ) ) ) ( defun draw - tree * ( tree ) ( draw - node - with - children ( who - lambda ( draw - node ( car tree ) ) ) ( mapcar #'( lambda ( x ) ( who - lambda ( draw - tree * x ) ) ) ( cdr tree ) ) ) ) ( gtfl - out ( draw - tree* * example - tree * ) )
=>
top node .
child node one with three children first out of three children second out of three children third out of three children child node two with one child very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
With parameters : right - to - left t : color " green " : style " dotted " => first out of three children second out of three children third out of three children child node one with three children very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
child node two with one child top node .
With parameters : color " #33a " : line - width " 2 px " => top node .
child node one with three children first out of three children second out of three children third out of three children child node two with one child very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
very long text .
[ Function ]
draw - node - with - children node children &key right - to - left color width line - width style => no values
A function for recursively drawing trees in html .
It draws a node with connections to it 's children ( which can be trees themselves ) .
node is a parameterless function that creates the html code for the parent node .
children is a list of functions for drawing the children of the node .
The reason to use closures instead of for example strings here is both efficiency ( no intermediate structures are built ) and to allow for re-ordering of elements ( when the tree is drawn from right to left .
When right - to - left is t , then the top node of the tree is drawn at the right .
color sets the color of the connecting lines ( e.g. " #ff0000 " or " red " , default is " #888 " ) , width the the width of the horizontal connectors ( e.g. " 25 px " , default is " 10 px " ) , line - width the the thickness of the lines ( e.g. " 3 px " , default is " 1 px " ) and style the line style ( " solid " , " dotted " or " dashed " , default is " solid " ) .
Resizing s-expressions
File html - pprint.lisp provides the function html - pprint to display s-expressions in html .
This could of course be done with ( : pre ( pprint x ) ) , but this has the disadvantage that the result will have a fixed width .
html - pprint produces output that is very similar to the one of pprint but that also dynamically resizes depending on the available width ( while maintaining proper indentation ) .
Examples ( resize browser window to see the dynamic relayout and click on the symbols to highlight other symbols with the same name ) :
( defparameter * example - list * ` ( ( ( " foo - 1 " " bar - 1 " ) ( foo - 2 bar - 2 ) ( : foo - 3 : bar - 3 ) ( , ( make - symbol " FOO - 4 " ) , ( make - symbol " BAR - 4 " ) ) ( foo - 5 . bar - 5 ) ) ( ( 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ) ,( asdf:find-system : gtfl ) ) ) ) ( gtfl - out ( : div : style " border : 1 px solid #aaa ; " ( html - pprint * example - list * ) ) )
=>
( ( ( " foo - 1 " " bar - 1 " ) ( foo - 2 ) bar - 2 ( : foo - 3 ) : bar - 3 ( # : foo - 4 ) #: bar - 4 ( foo - 5 . ) ) bar - 5 ( ( 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ) # < asdf:system " gtfl " > ) )
( gtfl - out ( : table : style " border - collapse : collapse ; " ( : tr ( loop for i from 1 to 3 do ( htm ( : td : style " border : 1 px solid #aaa ; " ( html - pprint * example - list * ) ) ) ) ) ) )
=>
( ( ( " foo - 1 " " bar - 1 " ) ( foo - 2 ) bar - 2 ( : foo - 3 ) : bar - 3 ( # : foo - 4 ) #: bar - 4 ( foo - 5 . ) ) bar - 5 ( ( 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ) # < asdf : system " gtfl " > ) ) ( ( ( " foo - 1 " " bar - 1 " ) ( foo - 2 ) bar - 2 ( : foo - 3 ) : bar - 3 ( # : foo - 4 ) #: bar - 4 ( foo - 5 . ) ) bar - 5 ( ( 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ) # < asdf : system " gtfl " > ) ) ( ( ( " foo - 1 " " bar - 1 " ) ( foo - 2 ) bar - 2 ( : foo - 3 ) : bar - 3 ( # : foo - 4 ) #: bar - 4 ( foo - 5 . ) ) bar -5 ( ( 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ) # < asdf:system " gtfl " > ) )
with : max - width 50 =>
( ( ( " foo - 1 " " bar - 1 " ) ( foo - 2 ) bar - 2 ( : foo - 3 ) : bar - 3 ( # : foo - 4 ) #: bar - 4 ( foo - 5 . ) ) bar -5 ( ( 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ) # < asdf:system " gtfl " > ) )
with : max - width 100 =>
( ( ( " foo - 1 " " bar - 1 " ) ( foo - 2 ) bar - 2 ( : foo - 3 ) : bar - 3 ( # : foo - 4 ) #: bar - 4 ( foo - 5 . ) ) bar -5 ( ( 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ) # < asdf:system " gtfl " > ) )
[ Function ]
html - pprint thing &key max - width => no values
Displaying an x-expression in the html .
The result lookes like coming from pprint ( proper indention ) , but the layout is dynamic depending on the available width .
thing is the thing to display .
max - widthlimits the width of the result ( in characters ) .
When nil , then the full available width is used
Acknowledgements
GTFL was initially developed as part of the Babel2 framework ( http://emergent-languages.org/).
Joris Bleys and Pieter Wellens have helped a lot in improving the system by finding bugs and suggesting many of its current features .
This page was created with GTFL itself ( see examples / index - html.lisp ) .
The layout and structure is heavily inspired by ( or directly copied from ) DOCUMENTATION -TEMPLATE .
Last change : 2012/01/25 15:05:34 by Martin Loetzsch
Sponsored links
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The Conservative Bible Project , a creation of the same group that developed Conservapedia ( a counterweight to putatively liberal Wikipedia ) , is aiming to clean - up the entire King James Bible , cutting out " liberal passages " and beefing up " free market parables . "
As Newsbusters ' Ken Shepherd reminds readers , this is far from the first time the Bible has been re-translated to fit a certain sociopolitical worldview , but that did n't stop the deluge of criticism from across the spectrum .
Here are the basic patterns of attack :
Insults
Ed Brayton , Scienceblogs : " Okay , this is so stupid that it seems like it must be a joke .
Then again , this is Conservapedia we 're talking about here .
Stupid seems to be their strong suit . "
Rod Dreher , BeliefNet 's CrunchyCon : " These right - wing ideologues know better than the early church councils that canonized Scripture ?...
It 's like what you 'd get if you crossed the Jesus Seminar with the College Republican chapter at a rural institution of Bible learnin ' . "
Mark P. Shea , Catholic and Enjoying It ! : " Right wing dementia marches on apace . "
Sarcasm
Amy Sullivan , Time 's Swampland : " I look forward to learning the free - market meaning of ' It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God . ' "
Dan Gilgoff , God & Country : " A new -- and still evolving -- conservative translation of the Bible prefers a more populist , Glenn Beckish take : ' The intellectuals watched Jesus to see if he might catch and accuse him of healing on the Sabbath . ' "
Salon Staff , Salon : " A dispute also arose among them as to which of them was considered to be greatest .
Jesus said to them , ' Reagan . Definitely Reagan . ' "
Hunger Tallest Palin , Rumproast : " Because Jesus was a big old capitalist .
And blond haired , blue eyed and white as a bucket of fresh milk . "
It is rare that we do a Saturday post on the Reality Liberation Front … but there is something worthy of everyone ’s attention … and simply letting it fade into the next news cycle would be irresponsible .
On Thursday , we wrote of the outrage from conservatives and the right - wing media over President Obama ’s 18 hour trip to Copenhagen , Denmark … so that he could lobby for the 2016 Summer Olympics to be held in Chicago , Illinois …
On Friday , we mentioned in our regular “ Chaos Theory ” edition that Chicago lost out in the first round of the IOC ( International Olympic Committee ) voting , and that the Olympics would instead be held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
We also wrote that conservative commentators and bloggers were rejoicing that Obama had failed in his attempt to bring the event to America …
And then … this clip was released on the internet :
First reaction to seeing this …disgust .
This is a gathering of the so - called “ Americans For Prosperity , ” cheering at the announcement that the Olympic games would not be held in America .
They obviously believe that they are cheering because “ Obama failed “ … but without realizing it , they are also cheering that :
- America …during a time of financial crisis … will NOT receive the projected $ 22 billion dollars in revenue .
- The 300,000 new jobs the Olympics would have created over the next seven years , starting immediately … gone .
- The $ 11 billion dollars in new income the jobs would have injected into our system …gone .
For them , as long as Obama “ fails “ … it is acceptable that people stay unemployed … it is acceptable that those hundreds of thousands of people continue to struggle and suffer , it is acceptable that the economy still struggles … it is acceptable that another country ’s prestige and economy benefits , instead of OUR country .
Now expand this deeply calloused , and fundamentally flawed thinking to other items on the national agenda … why is it that they are hoping that Obama fails to reform health care … why is it that they are praying that he fails in addressing problems in the Middle East … why is it that some of them seem to hope for a terrorist attack , in order to somehow prove Obama has made us “ less safe “ … why is it that they openly admit that they hope Obama stumbles in attempting to resurrect the economy ?
It ’s simple : as long as Obama fails , for these people , they are indifferent to the loss of American life , American jobs , and American safety and security .
And then , as if to say “ we are not all like that , ” morning show host and former Republican Congressman Joe Scarborough wrote the following in his column on The Huffington Post titled “ Thank You , Mr. President , ” which I offer here in its entirety :
“ Count me as one conservative who is disappointed that President Obama ’s hometown will not be hosting the 2016 Olympic Games .
Chicago is a beautiful city that would have made a perfect backdrop for the Olympics .
The President was right to fly to Copenhagen to try to land the games , not for the sake of his city , but for the good of his country .
The fact President Obama failed makes me respect him more for taking the chance , and the fact many right - wing figures opposed the President ’s mission shows just how narrow - minded partisanship makes us all .
For the better part of 20 years , a bitterness has infected our politics that has weakened our country .
We Republicans spent eight years trying to delegitimize Bill Clinton .
Democrats spent the next eight years doing the same to George W. Bush .
Now that a Democrat is in the Oval Office again , it is the GOP who is trying to delegitimize a sitting president .
When I try to talk to Republicans about the need to break this cycle of viciousness , some cite the chapter and verse of every hateful left wing attack against George W. Bush .
Whenever I attempt to have a conversation with some Democrats about the need for us respect our president– whether he be an Obama or a Bush– I am told that Bush deserved whatever he got because he was a lying war criminal who hated the Constitution and loved torturing people .
Fortunately , there are a growing number of Americans who believe we cannot continue going on this way .
You and I may disagree on how the CIA handled terror suspects .
But that does not mean that you are soft on terrorism anymore than it means that I hate the Constitution .
You and I may have a different approach to Afghanistan .
But just because you want to stay there another five years does n’t mean you are an imperialist .
And if I believe a decade in that forsaken land is more than enough , that does n’t mean I ’m soft on al Qaeda or the Taliban .
It just means that we view the world differently .
That creative tension –that intense give and take –has been what has kept America strong since Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton fought like hell in George Washington ’s White House .
Hamilton wanted a strong centralized government while Jefferson believed that the government that governed least governed best .
Both men were frustrated by the checks and balances that stood in the way of their agendas , but that debate shaped America for years to come .
But something has gone terribly wrong .
Today on Morning Joe , NBC News Legend Tom Brokaw remarked to Pat Buchanan about how the level of partisanship is even more intense today than during the depths of the Watergate crisis .
Brokaw was commenting on Congressman Grayson ’s comments , but he could have easily been talking about Joe Wilson or death panels or the bizarre claim that the President “ hates all white people . ”
Some of the rhetoric is dangerous .
But what we saw from some conservative corners regarding the President ’s failed Olympics bid was just plain stupid .
I ’m happy for Rio and think it is past time that South America got a chance to host the Olympic Games .
But put me down as one conservative who is glad my president flew across the ocean to try to bring the 2016 Games to America .
Nice try , President Obama .
And thanks for taking time away from your young girls for the sake of your hometown and your country , Michelle .
I know that ’s never an easy thing to do . “
Good for you , Joe .
And he ’s right : I , myself , am at times guilty of ascribing the most depraved qualities to those I disagree with … when really all that exists is a difference of opinion and / or perspective .
But Joe …when people cheer for America ’s loss , simply because it is also Obama ’s loss … what attributes am I supposed to ascribe to them ?
From Conservapedia
Evolution syndrome is the tendency of some people to insist compulsively that human evolution from animals must somehow be true , and to spend nearly all of their time pushing that belief on others .
[ 1]
It is reflected on the internet by people who devote a significant amount of their postings to pushing their belief in evolution and insisting on censoring or demonizing alternative views of the issue .
They are particularly against teaching any alternative theories to children in school .
A childish insistence on last wordism is a common characteristic of evolution syndrome .
Sufferers of evolution syndrome tend to be college students or graduates who wanted to excel in math or physics , but lacked the ability or work ethic to do so .
They are frustrated " wannabes " with respect to academic recognition .
But they find that liberals will praise their intelligence if they promote evolution .
This is analogous to a struggling ball player deceitfully turning to steroids to enhance his performance , and thereby make it to the " Big Leagues . "
Evolution syndrome blinds its victims to the logical fallacy of their materialism : if human senses have merely evolved , then it is to be expected that human senses have not developed to the point of being able to detect all of reality .
Much of reality would still be " unseen " to an evolving human .
Yet victims of evolution syndrome insist that there is nothing unseen , and no God .
The primary effect of evolution syndrome is to keep its victims away from learning the Bible .
Victims of this syndrome claim to be educated , yet justify their complete ignorance about the Bible in their slavish commitment to their evolution belief system .
Characteristics of evolution syndrome include :
Ruthlessly demanding " provable fact " by the other side while themselves insisting on unproven theories
Utter intolerance for other positions in science
A complete lack of curiosity and knowledge about anything that might contradict materialism , such as migration and homing
Deliberate ignorance about the Bible , despite its historical value
A tendency to be irrational atheists ( see : Causes of atheism )
A tendency to favor non-democratic political ideals such as socialism or fascism
An over - reliance on academic authority
A tendency to be easily amused by deceit
Evolution syndrome particularly afflicts people who have some educational background without having the intellectual depth of more accomplished peers .
They are like minor league baseball players who take steroids to try to get to the major leagues : they think that harping on evolution will gain them credibility they lack based on their intellect .
Evolution syndrome can be seen on wikis , Usenet groups , faculty positions below full professorships , and some less selective doctoral programs .
There is a high incidence of atheism among this group and indeed , many if not most atheists suffer from evolution syndrome .
Whether atheism is a cause of evolution syndrome or vice - versa is still to be discovered , but the number of theistic evolutionists suggest that the link is not absolute .
Keeping an open mind , not obsessing about one 's own views , and avoiding the insistence that others should share in one 's view are key to avoiding evolution syndrome .
The behavior of the fans of Richard Dawkins and PZ Myers and other matters
In February 2010 , the news organization The Telegraph reported that agnostic and evolutionist Richard Dawkins was " embroiled in a bitter online battle over plans to rid his popular internet forum for atheists of foul language , insults and ' frivolous gossip ' . " [ 3 ]
In addition , Richard Dawkins has a reputation for being abrasive .
In 2010 , the Christian apologetics website True Free Thinker wrote : " Scienceblogger Chad Orzel described the commentators on PZ Myers ' Scienceblogs.com site Pharyngula , and other Scienceblogs.com commentators , as " screechy monkeys . " [
3 ]
In addition , there is a widespread problem with atheist cyberbullying on YouTube toward Christian and creationist YouTube channels .
CreationWiki has developed a web page entitled Creationist YouTube video designed to show creationists how to thwart atheist / evolutionist cyberbullies .
Question evolution !
campaign
See also : Question evolution !
campaign
Since World War II a majority of the most prominent and vocal defenders of the theory of evolution which employs methodological naturalism have been atheists .
[ 5 ]
In 2011 , a campaign called the Question evolution !
campaign was launched by the biblical creation organization Creation Ministries International which is a worldwide " grass - roots movement to challenge the anti-Christian dogma of evolution " .
[ 4 ]
The focus of the Question evolution !
campaign is on " 15 questions that evolutionists cannot satisfactorily answer . " [ 4 ]
The 15 questions posed to evolutionists ( and undecided individuals ) can be found HERE
The campaign will be primarily conducted in the United States , the United Kingdom , Canada , Europe , Australia , New Zealand , Singapore and South Africa . [ 4 ]
See also
Smoking et robe du soir de rigueur au dîner du Hedge Fund Fight Nite , jeudi 29 octobre au soir à Hongkong .
Près de 700 invités sur leur " 31 " - pour la plupart des gestionnaires de fonds spéculatifs ( " hedge funds " ) , des banquiers ou des brokers - occupent joyeusement les dizaines de tables qui ont coûté chacune entre 18 000 et 50 000 dollars hongkongais ( entre 1 500 et 4 500 euros ) .
Sous prétexte d'assister à six matchs de boxe mettant en lice une douzaine de représentants des hedge funds de la place de Hongkong , l'objectif officiel de la soirée est de lever des fonds pour deux organisations caritatives .
Le premier match oppose deux " super- légers " , 65 kilos : l'Australien Jesse " Happy Feet " en rouge ; et le Français Benoît " La Tornade " en bleu , " ze french man , ze tornado " , comme l'annonce le Monsieur Loyal de service .
Une jeune femme en bikini et haut talons parade en exhibant le panneau " round 1 " .
La cloche sonne , les vestes tombent et les coups pleuvent .
La foule s'agite , se lève , crie d'admiration ou d'effroi .
" Carnassiers "
" On ne fait que trois rounds de deux minutes , on a des bons casques et des gants de 16 onces , le modèle le plus rembourré .
On ne va pas finir comme Mohammed Ali " , expliquait , quelques heures avant son combat , Benoît " La Tornade " Descourtieux , qui dirige son propre fonds OP Calypso Capital .
" Pour gérer leur stress , la plupart sont des aficionados des salles de gym , explique Diana Li , coach de boxe thaïe .
Même s'ils ont été formés à la boxe en six mois , c'étaient déjà des athlètes . "
Ils sont 44 à avoir troqué , quelques heures par semaine , leur costume rayé contre un short et un protège - dents pour découvrir la boxe anglaise .
Les douze meilleurs ont été sélectionnés pour cette finale .
" Ces banquiers sont incroyablement carnassiers .
On n'obtiendrait sans doute pas les mêmes résultats avec des agents immobiliers " , note Laura Derry , l'organisatrice .
Au deuxième match , les bouteilles de Tequila sont déjà vides .
Mais le sponsor , Links Concept , a prévu large : 800 bouteilles de vin pour garder la foule en liesse jusqu 'au sixième match .
Le moral semble plutôt bon pour un secteur que l'on dit décimé .
" Les hedge funds ont progressé de 16,5 % depuis le début de l'année , mais , sachant qu'ils avaient perdu près de 30 % en 2008 , on ne peut pas dire qu'ils se soient remis " , analyse le banquier français Laurent Gilbert .
Seuls un quart des hedge funds ont recouvré leurs pertes de 2008 .
Et les investisseurs se désengagent : - 4 milliards au troisième trimestre 2009 , - 18 au deuxième , contre - 150 milliards en 2008 ...
Mais les gérants de fonds alternatifs ne sont pas du genre à broyer du noir .
" Tous ceux qui ont été licenciés ont créé leur propre fonds , assure Olivia Fernandez , qui travaille dans l'information financière .
On sent que cela repart . "
Florence de Changy
The specification consists of two parts : the API and the format of the dictionary used to convey configuration information ( i.e. the schema to which it must conform ) .
Historically , the logging package has not been PEP 8 conformant .
At some future time , this will be corrected by changing method and function names in the package in order to conform with PEP 8 .
However , in the interests of uniformity , the proposed additions to the API use a naming scheme which is consistent with the present scheme used by logging .
It will be possible to customize this API - see the section on API Customization .
Incremental configuration is covered in its own section .
Before describing the schema in detail , it is worth saying a few words about object connections , support for user - defined objects and access to external and internal objects .
Object connections
The schema is intended to describe a set of logging objects - loggers , handlers , formatters , filters - which are connected to each other in an object graph .
Thus , the schema needs to represent connections between the objects .
For example , say that , once configured , a particular logger has attached to it a particular handler .
For the purposes of this discussion , we can say that the logger represents the source , and the handler the destination , of a connection between the two .
Of course in the configured objects this is represented by the logger holding a reference to the handler .
In the configuration dict , this is done by giving each destination object an id which identifies it unambiguously , and then using the id in the source object 's configuration to indicate that a connection exists between the source and the destination object with that id .
So , for example , consider the following YAML snippet : formatters : brief : # configuration for formatter with id ' brief ' goes here precise : # configuration for formatter with id ' precise ' goes here handlers : h1 : # This is an id # configuration of handler with id ' h1 ' goes here formatter : brief h2 : # This is another id # configuration of handler with id ' h2 ' goes here formatter : precise loggers : foo.bar.baz : # other configuration for logger ' foo.bar.baz ' handlers : [ h1 , h2 ] ( Note : YAML will be used in this document as it is a little more readable than the equivalent Python source form for the dictionary . )
The ids for loggers are the logger names which would be used programmatically to obtain a reference to those loggers , e.g. foo.bar.baz .
The ids for Formatters and Filters can be any string value ( such as brief , precise above ) and they are transient , in that they are only meaningful for processing the configuration dictionary and used to determine connections between objects , and are not persisted anywhere when the configuration call is complete .
Handler ids are treated specially , see the section on Handler Ids , below .
The above snippet indicates that logger named foo .
bar. baz should have two handlers attached to it , which are described by the handler ids h1 and h2 .
The formatter for h1 is that described by id brief , and the formatter for h2 is that described by id precise .
User - defined objects
The schema should support user - defined objects for handlers , filters and formatters .
( Loggers do not need to have different types for different instances , so there is no support - in the configuration - for user - defined logger classes . )
Objects to be configured will typically be described by dictionaries which detail their configuration .
In some places , the logging system will be able to infer from the context how an object is to be instantiated , but when a user - defined object is to be instantiated , the system will not know how to do this .
In order to provide complete flexibility for user - defined object instantiation , the user will need to provide a ' factory ' - a callable which is called with a configuration dictionary and which returns the instantiated object .
This will be signalled by an absolute import path to the factory being made available under the special key '( ) ' .
Here 's a concrete example : formatters : brief : format : '% ( message ) s ' default : format : '% ( asctime )s %( levelname ) - 8s % ( name ) - 15s %( message ) s ' datefmt : '% Y-%m- %d %H:%M:%S ' custom : ( ) : my.package.customFormatterFactory bar : baz spam : 99.9 answer : 42 The above YAML snippet defines three formatters .
The first , with id brief , is a standard logging .
Formatter instance with the specified format string .
The second , with id default , has a longer format and also defines the time format explicitly , and will result in a logging .
Formatter initialized with those two format strings .
Shown in Python source form , the brief and default formatters have configuration sub- dictionaries : { ' format ' : '% ( message ) s ' } and : { ' format ' : '% ( asctime )s %( levelname ) - 8s % ( name ) - 15s %( message )s ' , ' datefmt ' : '% Y- %m - %d %H:%M:%S ' } respectively , and as these dictionaries do not contain the special key '( ) ' , the instantiation is inferred from the context : as a result , standard logging .
Formatter instances are created .
The configuration sub-dictionary for the third formatter , with id custom , is : { '( ) ' : ' my.package.customFormatterFactory ' , ' bar ' : ' baz ' , ' spam ' : 99.9 , ' answer ' : 42 } and this contains the special key '( ) ' , which means that user - defined instantiation is wanted .
In this case , the specified factory callable will be used .
If it is an actual callable it will be used directly - otherwise , if you specify a string ( as in the example ) the actual callable will be located using normal import mechanisms .
The callable will be called with the remaining items in the configuration sub-dictionary as keyword arguments .
In the above example , the formatter with id custom will be assumed to be returned by the call : my.package.customFormatterFactory( bar='baz ' , spam=99.9 , answer =42 )
The key '( ) ' has been used as the special key because it is not a valid keyword parameter name , and so will not clash with the names of the keyword arguments used in the call .
The '( ) ' also serves as a mnemonic that the corresponding value is a callable .
Access to external objects
There are times where a configuration will need to refer to objects external to the configuration , for example sys.stderr .
If the configuration dict is constructed using Python code then this is straightforward , but a problem arises when the configuration is provided via a text file ( e.g. JSON , YAML ) .
In a text file , there is no standard way to distinguish sys.stderr from the literal string ' sys.stderr ' .
To facilitate this distinction , the configuration system will look for certain special prefixes in string values and treat them specially .
For example , if the literal string ' ext://sys.stderr' is provided as a value in the configuration , then the ext :// will be stripped off and the remainder of the value processed using normal import mechanisms .
The handling of such prefixes will be done in a way analogous to protocol handling : there will be a generic mechanism to look for prefixes which match the regular expression ^(?
P< prefix >[ a- z ] + )://(? P< suffix >.* ) $ whereby , if the prefix is recognised , the suffix is processed in a prefix - dependent manner and the result of the processing replaces the string value .
If the prefix is not recognised , then the string value will be left as - is .
The implementation will provide for a set of standard prefixes such as ext :// but it will be possible to disable the mechanism completely or provide additional or different prefixes for special handling .
Access to internal objects
As well as external objects , there is sometimes also a need to refer to objects in the configuration .
This will be done implicitly by the configuration system for things that it knows about .
For example , the string value ' DEBUG ' for a level in a logger or handler will automatically be converted to the value logging .
DEBUG , and the handlers , filters and formatter entries will take an object id and resolve to the appropriate destination object .
However , a more generic mechanism needs to be provided for the case of user - defined objects which are not known to logging .
For example , take the instance of logging .
handlers .
MemoryHandler , which takes a target which is another handler to delegate to .
Since the system already knows about this class , then in the configuration , the given target just needs to be the object id of the relevant target handler , and the system will resolve to the handler from the id .
If , however , a user defines a my . package .
MyHandler which has a alternate handler , the configuration system would not know that the alternate referred to a handler .
To cater for this , a generic resolution system will be provided which allows the user to specify : handlers : file : # configuration of file handler goes here custom : ( ) : my . package .
MyHandler alternate : cfg://handlers.file
The literal string ' cfg://handlers.file ' will be resolved in an analogous way to the strings with the ext :// prefix , but looking in the configuration itself rather than the import namespace .
The mechanism will allow access by dot or by index , in a similar way to that provided by str.format .
Thus , given the following snippet : handlers : email : class : logging .
handlers .SMTPHandler mailhost : localhost fromaddr : my_app@domain.tld toaddrs : - support_team@domain.tld - dev_team@domain.tld subject : Houston , we have a problem .
in the configuration , the string ' cfg://handlers ' would resolve to the dict with key handlers , the string ' cfg://handlers.email would resolve to the dict with key email in the handlers dict , and so on .
The string ' cfg://handlers.email.toaddrs[ 1 ] would resolve to ' dev_team.domain.tld ' and the string ' cfg://handlers.email.toaddrs[0 ] ' would resolve to the value 'support_team@domain.tld ' .
The subject value could be accessed using either ' cfg://handlers.email.subject ' or , equivalently , ' cfg://handlers.email[subject ] ' .
The latter form only needs to be used if the key contains spaces or non-alphanumeric characters .
If an index value consists only of decimal digits , access will be attempted using the corresponding integer value , falling back to the string value if needed .
Given a string cfg://handlers.myhandler.mykey.123 , this will resolve to config_dict [ ' handlers ' ] [ ' myhandler ' ] [ ' mykey ' ] [ ' 123 ' ] .
If the string is specified as cfg://handlers.myhandler.mykey [ 123 ] , the system will attempt to retrieve the value from config_dict [ ' handlers ' ] [ ' myhandler ' ] [ ' mykey ' ] [ 123 ] , and fall back to config_dict [ ' handlers ' ] [ ' myhandler ' ] [ ' mykey ' ] [ ' 123 ' ] if that fails .
[ youtube:v=m_Oj0-splZw ]
Attention , Christian kids :
If you like not having sex , not speaking the Lord ’s name in vain , and not being gay , then you ’ll love the newest trend in policing typical adolescent behaviors in the name of God .
It ’s called the The Christian Side - Hug , and it ’s here to help the devout avoid the temptation of full frontal hugging .
Do n’t worry — - it ’s cool , because they made a “ rap ” song about it .
According to Stuff Christians
Like , there ’s no “ exact scripture reference ” banning normal hugging .
But the Side - Hug does significantly lower the “ risk of two crotches touching , ” which has got to be in the Bible somewhere .
Here ’s how you do it :
Instead of face to face , you go side to side , putting your arm around the person and your hip against their ’s .
Still having a hard time mastering it ?
Pretend you ’re taking a photo and you ’re both looking at the camera together .
The side hug , or A frame as it is also called , is safe for the whole family , friendly and above all holy .
The Christian Side - Hug strikes me as almost skeezily chaste — - I ’d much rather have a brief normal embrace with a stranger than a hip - tap from a person who I know sexualizes even the most mundane forms of human contact .
But the Side - Hug itself is slightly less offensive than the medium being used to promote it :
An appropriated version of “ rap music ” performed by a bunch of white youth pastors who think that mixing in some gang - ish hand signals , tying on a bandana , and securing some fake bling will bring the youth to God .
The Christian Side - Hug rap comes courtesy of the Encounter Generation Conference , an annual Christian youth gathering which hopes to “ bring the power , authenticity , and relevance of Jesus Christ to their culture . ”
I ’m afraid that this potent combination of absurd chastity and mock hip - hop will be more likely to bring the power of a school - yard beat - down to these kids ’ faces .
Les consommateurs passent toujours par les moteurs de recherche et les réseaux sociaux pour trouver des produits et des services divers .
Pour profiter de cette visibilité en ligne , les entreprises doivent impérativement y soigner leur communication .
Dans le but de permettre aux entreprises d’accroître leur chiffre d’affaires grâce à une augmentation du nombre de leurs contacts et de leurs ventes , l ’agence / société de référencement Referenceur.be™ propose une large gamme de prestations ..
Mount Alvernia College
Welcome to Mount Alvernia College – an independent Catholic secondary school ( Years 7 - 12 ) for girls located at 82 Cremorne Road , Kedron , Brisbane .
Governed under the sponsorship of Mercy Partners , the College remains true to its Franciscan heritage , and provides a contemporary quality education for young women at a modern campus with purpose - built facilities .
The College has a warm , engaging community where students are encouraged to follow their pursuits in academic , sporting , outreach , or cultural activities , all whilst fostering their spiritual faith .
Come and visit us and see for yourself .
Read more .
Mike Penner , a longtime Los Angeles Times sportswriter who made headlines in 2007 when he announced that he was transsexual , has died .
He was 52 .
Penner was pronounced dead Friday evening at Brotman Medical Center in Culver City , a Los Angeles County coroner ’s official said .
The cause of death has not been determined but was believed to be suicide .
“ Mike was a first - rate journalist , a valued member of our staff for 25 years , and we will miss him , ” Times Editor Russ Stanton said .
“ He respected our readers a great deal , enough to share with them his very personal journey .
Our thoughts and prayers are with his family . ”
A versatile member of The Times ’ sports staff , Penner covered the Olympics , the Angels , World Cup soccer , tennis , sports media and a variety of other assignments .
He also spent several years writing a sports column for the paper ’s Orange County Edition .
Since 2008 , he was the principal writer for the sports section ’s “ Totally Random ” feature .
“ Mike was one of the most talented writers I ’ve ever worked with , capable of reporting on any number of topics with great wit and style , ” sports editor Mike James said .
“ This is a tragic ending and a difficult time for all of us who knew him . ”
In a 2001 season preview for the then - struggling Dodgers , Penner wrote :
“ The sins of the father on one coast have been revisited by the son on the other .
Welcome to Flatbush West .
Brooklyn had the wrecking ball crashing down on Ebbets Field , Los Angeles had Peter O’Malley selling out to Fox . ”
And in 1986 when the Angels lost in the playoffs to the Boston Red Sox , he wrote about the team running into “ Angel karma .
. . .
In the end , it was all a big tease , the biggest yet . . . the karma remained untied and unbeaten . ”
Penner was born Oct. 10 , 1957 , in Inglewood and graduated from Western High School in Anaheim and Cal State Fullerton .
He joined The Times ’ Orange County Edition in 1983 as a staff writer , covering high school sports .
He had previously worked at the Anaheim Bulletin as a writer and sports editor .
In April 2007 , Penner surprised colleagues and readers with an essay in The Times ’ Sports section announcing that he was “ a transsexual sportswriter . ”
“ It has taken more than 40 years , a million tears and hundreds of hours of soul - searching therapy for me to work up the courage to type those words , ” he wrote .
Times Associate Editor Randy Harvey , who was the paper ’s sports editor at the time , said the essay allowed Penner to explain in his own way a decision that “ we realized would be a human - interest story and a news story .
We did n’t want it to be filtered through someone else ’s lens . ”
In the essay , Penner said of his transgender decision :
“ I gave it as good a fight as I possibly could .
I went more than 40 hard rounds with it .
Eventually , though , you realize you are only fighting yourself and your happiness and your mental health -- a no-win situation any way you look at it . ”
Writing as Christine Daniels , Penner started a column for the paper ’s website in May 2007 called Day in L.A. and a blog about the transition , then in July began writing for the paper again .
He returned to using the Mike Penner byline in October 2008 .
Penner is survived by his brother , John , a copy editor at The Times , and his former wife , Times staff writer Lisa Dillman .
Services are pending .
keith.thursby@latimes.com
The internet chapter of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement , a secret copyright treaty whose text Obama 's administration refused to disclose due to " national security " concerns , has leaked .
It 's bad .
It says :
* * That ISPs have to proactively police copyright on user - contributed material .
This means that it will be impossible to run a service like Flickr or YouTube or Blogger , since hiring enough lawyers to ensure that the mountain of material uploaded every second is n't infringing will exceed any hope of profitability .
* * That ISPs have to cut off the Internet access of accused copyright infringers or face liability .
This means that your entire family could be denied to the internet -- and hence to civic participation , health information , education , communications , and their means of earning a living -- if one member is accused of copyright infringement , without access to a trial or counsel .
* * That the whole world must adopt US - style " notice - and - takedown " rules that require ISPs to remove any material that is accused -- again , without evidence or trial -- of infringing copyright .
This has proved a disaster in the US and other countries , where it provides an easy means of censoring material , just by accusing it of infringing copyright .
* * Mandatory prohibitions on breaking DRM , even if doing so for a lawful purpose ( e.g. , to make a work available to disabled people ; for archival preservation ; because you own the copyrighted work that is locked up with DRM )
Six months ago , Indian IT looked like it was staring into a long , dark tunnel — one that might take at least a year to get out of .
Today , however , there ’s already a hint of a light at the other end .
Information infrastructure company EMC has just announced that it will invest $ 1.5 billion in India over the next five years , a level of investment from a single company that the sector has not seen in close to two years .
Manpower supply company Team Lease that saw its open positions drop dramatically from 10,000 a month to 800 post the Wall Street crash , has in the past two months seen those numbers rise to 3,500 .
Wipro has lifted its freeze on hikes and promotions , at least for some employees .
Partha Iyengar , regional research director in Gartner India , says the number of calls the company gets from customers for directions and consulting has gone up sharply in the last 3 - 4 months , “ indicating that a large number of IT deals will hit the pipeline in the next two quarters ” .
The Indian IT industry was one of the worst hit by the recession on account of its almost complete dependence on international markets — especially the US and Europe .
The freeze on IT budgets by companies around the world meant that new orders dried up .
Industry association Nasscom initially forecast that IT exports would grow by 22 - 24 % in 2008 - 09 , but as the recession deepened , this was revised down to 16 % .
For this fiscal , the association has projected a mere 4 - 7 % growth to $ 48 - 50 billion .
But optimism is making a tentative return .
“ That phase of drastic downturn is behind us , ” says S Ramadorai , CEO of Tata Consultancy Services , India ’s biggest IT company .
“ There ’s stability now .
The deal pipeline is encouraging , but the time it takes to close a deal remains long .
And many customers are yet to fully open up their IT budgets . ”
Ashok Reddy , MD of Team Lease Services , says employee rationalization measures have tapered off .
“ Hiring is slowly returning , more so in the temporary hiring space , ” he says .
The badly hit banking and finance vertical now accounts for a quarter of Team Lease 's open positions .
Sachi Gerlitz , CEO of IT services firm Ness Technologies , remains cautious though : “ Things have improved quite a bit , but nobody has a crystal ball .
Everyone is sending mixed signals .
But whatever it may be , enterprises should continue to invest , to reap the benefit when markets start looking up . ”
source : TOI
A RABBI accused of supplying drugs broke down in tears in court as he has admitted he had been on a marathon five - day cocaine and prostitute binge .
Rabbi Baruch Chalomish repeatedly broke down sobbing in the dock as he told a jury at Manchester Crown Court of his excesses .
He said he had been ' lonely ' following the death of his wife , Freda , aged 40 , from cancer .
But the rabbi insisted he was not a drug dealer .
The father - of - three , who was born in Israel , said he ' probably wanted to forget her death ' .
He described how he started going to cocaine parties in Manchester and Sale organised by convicted drug dealer , Nasir Abbas .
The rabbi admitted at one time he was spending nearly £ 1,000 - a- week on cocaine as well as prostitutes introduced to him by Abbas , who , he claimed , organised the parties and had a 4x4 car with a £ 100,000 private number plate .
The parties , said Chalomish , sometimes had as many as 20 people from ' every kind of society ' , including a hospital surgeon , a GP and businessmen .
He insisted he only bought the purest cocaine from Abbas who provided ' the best in town ' .
Chalomish said : " If you go to the streets you buy cocaine , they can mix it with dangerous things .
And I did n't want to have this so when I have pure cocaine I know nothing is mixed with it .
I know I 'm not taking something which can damage my health more than cocaine itself . "
The rabbi told the court that by the time he was arrested in a hotel apartment on Shudehill , Manchester , on January 5 , he had been on a cocaine and prostitute marathon that had lasted up to five days .
He admitted he was ' exhausted ' as he had been doing ' a lot of sniffing ' .
Asked by his barrister Jonathan Goldberg , QC , why he took cocaine , Chalomish said : " When I started to take it I suddenly felt that high and no worries and not lonely anymore .
This was very important . "
He told the court he was introduced to one prostitute called Emma and he had paid between £ 400 and £ 500 to spend two days with her during the Shudehill party .
If you go to the streets you buy cocaine , they can mix it with dangerous things .
Baruch
Asked why police found so much cocaine in his house on Upper Park Road , Salford , Chalomish said : " First of all it 's difficult to get pure stuff .
Once you get it , you get quite a lot so I know I have supplies for the next three or six months . "
Asked how he felt now the court case had been reported in the media , Chalomish sobbed : " Deeply ashamed .
It 's probably the biggest punishment I have ever had in my life . "
Chalomish , 54 , admits possessing drugs but denies two counts of supply .
Nassir Abbas , 54 , of Manchester Road , Chorlton denies one count of supplying class A drugs .
A court has heard he has already served a 10 - year prison sentence for conspiracy to supply drugs .
Abbas is being tried in his absence as he did not answer bail .
Waterhouse also wrote the Worzel Gummidge series for television
Obituary : Keith Waterhouse
Author and playwright Keith Waterhouse has died " quietly in his sleep " at the age of 80 , a spokeswoman has announced .
Waterhouse made his screenwriting debut on the 1961 film Whistle Down The Wind .
But he remains best known for the 1959 novel Billy Liar - which was made into a critically acclaimed film starring Tom Courtenay in 1963 .
He was a prolific newspaper columnist and playwright with works including Mr and Mrs Nobody and the 1989 West End hit Jeffrey Bernard is Unwell .
The play , based on the fellow journalist Jeffrey Bernard 's weekly column in the Spectator magazine , was co-written with his frequent collaborator Willis Hall .
The play 's original star was Peter O'Toole , who returned for the revival 10 years later at London 's Old Vic .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
School syllabus
Leeds - born Waterhouse was one of Britain 's most prolific authors , with more than 60 books , plays and television scripts to his credit .
His twice - weekly column appeared in the Daily Mirror for 16 years , winning him three awards for columnist of the year in 1970 , 1973 and 1978 .
He transferred to the Daily Mail in 1986 .
Keith Waterhouse , aged 80 , died quietly in his sleep this morning
Family statement
During his many years working as a journalist , he wrote books including Maggie Muggins , Bimbo and his 1994 memoir City Lights - although Billy Liar remained his most admired novel .
Liar , the story of a daydreamer planning his escape from a job as an undertaker , went on to appear as part of the school syllabus .
He also wrote the popular 1970s television series Budgie and Worzel Gummidge , starring Jon Pertwee and Una Stubbs - returning to pen Worzel Gummidge Down Under in the 1980s .
Waterhouse 's work - including the text book Waterhouse on Newspaper Style - brought him a Fellowship of the Royal Society of Literature , and in 1991 he became a CBE .
His 14th novel , Soho , was published in 2001 .
He was divorced twice and leaves two children .
No wonder the gun lobby is as powerful as they are .
They can turn anything , and I mean anything , into an opportunity to get their members all wound up and sending them money .
Today , via TPMDC , it 's healthcare reform .
Here 's their pitch to members :
Fox News is reporting today that the word " tax " appears 183 times in the health care bill .
Is Obama serious ?
Is that what he and Reid want to do to us in the midst of a recession ?
Of course , all this increased spending -- and taxes -- means that you will have less money to spend on pursuing your real passions : like providing for your family and purchasing guns and ammunition !
[ emphasis in the original ]
.... [ A ] s we have mentioned several times in the past , the mandates in the legislation will most likely dump your gun-related health data into a government database that was created in section 13001 of the stimulus bill .
This includes any firearms - related information your doctor has gleaned ... or any determination of PTSD , or something similar , that can preclude you from owning firearms .
And , the special " wellness and prevention " programs ( inserted by Section 1001 of the bill as part of a new Section 2717 in the Public Health Services Act ) would allow the government to offer lower premiums to employers who bribe their employees to live healthier lifestyles -- and nothing within the bill would prohibit rabidly anti-gun HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius from decreeing that " no guns " is somehow healthier .
Who knew buying guns and ammunition ranked with food and shelter for one 's family ?
And what 's a little case of PTSD to keep you between you and buying even more guns ?
As for the rest , well , Dan Pfeiffer 's debunking :
RHETORIC : GUN OWNERS OF AMERICA CLAIMS THAT HEALTH REFORM LEGISLATION WILL " DUMP YOUR GUN - RELATED HEALTH DATA " INTO A GOVERNMENT DATABASE WHICH CAN BE USED TO " PRECLUDE YOU FROM OWNING FIREARMS . "
The Gun Owners of America ( GOA ) claim that " the mandates in [ the Senate 's health reform ] legislation will most likely dump your gun-related health data into a government database that was created in section 13001 of the stimulus bill .
This includes any firearms - related information your doctor has gleaned ... or any determination of PTSD , or something similar , that can preclude you from owning firearms . "
[ Gun Owners of America Alert , 11/20/09 ] REALITY : NOTHING IN THE SENATE BILL WOULD RESULT IN " GUN - RELATED HEALTH DATA " BEING SUBMITTED TO THE GOVERNMENT .
There is no mention of " gun-related health data " anywhere in the Senate ’s health reform bill and there is nothing in the bill that would result in any such data being reported to the government .
The bill does provide guidelines for reporting of anonymous statistical information to help with research , but none of this would lead to gun ownership or " gun related health data " being included in reporting to the government .
[ Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ] RHETORIC : GUN OWNERS OF AMERICA CLAIMS THAT SECTION 2717 OF THE SENATE HEALTH REFORM BILL WOULD ALLOW THE GOVERNMENT TO OFFER LOWER PREMIUMS TO EMPLOYERS IF THEIR EMPLOYEES DO NOT OWN GUNS .
Gun Owners of America ( GOA ) claims that " Special ‘ wellness and prevention ’ programs ( inserted by Section 1001 of the bill as part of a new Section 2717 in the Public Health Services Act ) would allow the government to offer lower premiums to employers who bribe their employees to live healthier lifestyles -- and nothing within the bill would prohibit rabidly anti-gun HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius from decreeing that ' no guns ' is somehow healthier . "
[ Gun Owners of America Alert , 11/20/09 ] REALITY : NOTHING IN THE SENATE HEALTH REFORM BILL WOULD LEAD TO HIGHER PREMIUMS FOR GUN OWNERS OR A " DECREE " THAT GUN OWNERS ARE LESS HEALTHY THAN OTHERS .
Section 2717 section creates guidelines for insurers to report on initiatives that improve quality of care and health outcomes , and it specifically lists what types of programs would be involved – such as smoking cessation , physical fitness , nutrition , heart disease prevention .
There is no mention of guns , and there is no language that could result in higher premiums for gun owners or lower premiums for people who do not own guns .
Section 2705 of the bill does permit employers to provide premium discounts for employee participation in health promotion and disease prevention programs , and it prohibits insurers from discriminating against individuals for specific reasons such as health status , medical history , and genetic information .
It allows the Secretary to add other " health status - related " factors to the list .
But again , there is no mention of guns , or any possibility that owning or not owning guns would ever be considered a " health status - related " issue .
[ Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ]
No , this is n't a gun bill , just like it 's not an abortion bill .
BEIJING : A Chinese journalist has uncovered the economics of China 's '' huge and monstrous ' ' state - sanctioned abduction industry , which is designed to prevent citizens from reporting grievances to Beijing .
More than 10,000 people at a time have been engaged by municipal and county governments to ' ' retrieve ' ' citizens before they could lodge complaints at national petitions offices in Beijing , says Outlook Magazine , citing knowledgeable officials .
'' In Beijing , a huge and monstrous ' grey business network ' has emerged to feed , house , transport , ' man - hunt ' , ' detain ' and retrieve petitioners , '' said the magazine , owned by China 's official Xinhua news agency .
It said abuses in the quasi - commercial abduction and detention network were '' seriously damaging the Government 's image ' ' .
The Government has twice this year denied such black jails exist .
On November 12 , Human Rights
Watch detailed how China 's black jails replaced vagrant detention centres in 2003 and now constitute '' one of the most serious and widespread uses of extralegal detention in China 's recent history ' ' .
Michael Bay Speaks Up : “ I Do n’t Condone Crew Letter Or Megan Fox Quotes ”
Three of Michael Bay ’s crew members asked his website last night to post their response to Megan Fox ’s recent insults of the director made to a magazine for her upcoming Jennifer ’s Body .
( She accused Bay of wanting to “ be like Hitler on his sets , and he is .
So he ’s a nightmare to work for . ” )
Now the crew get even and detail why she ‘s the nightmare .
I love when there ’s honesty in Hollywood .
Remember what the crew did to Bruce Willis way back when ? :
This is an open letter to all Michael Bay fans .
We are three crew members that have worked with Michael for the past ten years .
Last week we read the terrible article with inflammatory , truly trashing quotes by the Ms. Fox about Michael Bay .
This letter is to set a few things straight .
Yes , Megan has great eyes , a tight stomach we spray with glycerin , and an awful silly Marilyn Monroe tattoo plastered on her arm that we cover up to keep the moms happy .
Michael found this shy , inexperienced girl , plucked her out of total obscurity thus giving her the biggest shot of any young actresses ’ life .
He told everyone around to just trust him on his choice .
He granted her the starring role in Transformers , a franchise that forever changed her life ; she became one of the most googled and oogled women on earth .
She was famous !
She was the next Angelina Jolie , hooray !
Wait a minute , two of us worked with Angelina – second thought – she ’s no Angelina .
You see , Angelia is a professional .
We know this quite intimately because we ’ve had the tedious experience of working with the dumb - as - a - rock Megan Fox on both Transformers movies .
We ’ve spent a total of 12 months on set making these two movies .
We are in different departments ; we ca n’t give our names because sadly doing so in Hollywood could lead to being banished from future Paramount work .
One of us touches Megan ’s panties , the other has the often shitty job of pulling Ms. Sourpants out of her trailer , while another is near the Panaflex camera that helps to memorialize the valley girl on film .
Megan has the press fooled .
When we read those magazines we wish we worked with that woman .
Megan knows how to work her smile for the press .
Those writers should try being on set for two movies , sadly she never smiles .
The cast , crew and director make Transformers a really fun and energetic set .
We ’ve traveled around the world together , so we have never understood why Megan was always such the grump of the set ?
When facing the press , Megan is the queen of talking trailer trash and posing like a porn star .
And yes we ’ve had the unbearable time of watching her try to act on set , and yes , it ’s very cringe - able .
So maybe , being a porn star in the future might be a good career option .
But make - up beware , she has a paragraph tattooed to her backside ( probably due her rotten childhood ) — easily another 45 minutes in the chair !
So when the three of us caught wind of Ms Fox , pontificating yet again in some publication ( like she actually has something interesting to say ) blabbing her trash mouth about a director whom we three have grown to really like .
She compared working with Michael , to “ working with Hitler ” .
We actually do n’t think she knows who Hitler is by the way .
But we wondered how she does n’t realize what a disgusting , fully uneducated comment this was ?
Well , here let ’s get some facts straight .
Say what you want about Michael – yes at times he can be hard , but he ’s also fun , and he challenges everyone for a reason – he simply wants people to bring their ‘ A ’ game .
He comes very prepared , knows exactly what he wants , involves the crew and expects everyone to follow through with his or her best , and that includes the actors .
He ’s one of the hardest working directors out there .
He gets the best from his crews , many of whom have worked with him for 15 years .
And yes , he ’s loyal , one of the few directors we ’ve encountered who lowered his fee by millions to keep Transformers in the United States and California , so he could work with his own crew .
Megan says that Transformers was an unsafe set ?
Come on Megan , we know it is a bit more strenuous then the playground at the trailer park , but you do n’t insult one of the very best stunt and physical effects teams in the business !
Not one person got hurt !
And who is the real Megan Fox ?
She is very different than the academy nominee and winning actors we ’ve all worked around .
She ’s as about ungracious a person as you can ever fathom .
She shows little interest in the crew members around her .
We work to make her look good in every way , but she ’s absolutely never appreciative of anyone ’s hard work .
Never a thank you .
All the crewmembers have stopped saying hi to Ms. Princess because she never says hello back .
It gets tiring .
Many think she just really hates the process of being an actress .
Megan has been late to the sets many times .
She goes through the motions that make her exude this sense of misery .
We ’ve heard the A.D ’s piped over the radio that Megan wo n’t walk from her trailer until John Turturro walks first !
John ’s done seventy - five movies and she ’s made two !
Never expect Megan to attend any of the 15 or so crew parties like all the other actors have .
And then there ’s the classless night she blew off The Royal Prince of Jordan who made a special dinner for all the actors .
She does n’t know that one of the grips ’ daughters wanted to visit their daddy ’s work to meet Megan , but he would n’t let them come because he told them “ she is not nice . ”
The press certainly does n’t know her most famous line .
On our first day in Egypt , the Egyptian government would n’t let us shoot because of a permit problem as the actors got ready in make up at the Four Seasons Hotel .
Michael tried to make the best of it ; he wanted to take the cast and crew on a private tour of the famous Giza pyramids .
God hold us witness , Megan said , “ I ca n’t believe Michael is fucking forcing us to go to the fucking pyramids ! ”
I guess this is the “ Hitler guy ” she is referring to .
So this is the Megan Fox you do n’t get to see .
Maybe she will learn , but we figure if she can sling insults , then she can take them too .
Megan really is a thankless , classless , graceless , and shall we say unfriendly bitch .
It ’s sad how fame can twist people , and even sadder that young girls look up to her .
If only they knew who they ’re really looking up to .
But ‘ fame ’ is fleeting .
We , being behind the scenes , seen em ’ come and go .
Hopefully Michael will have Megatron squish her character in the first ten minutes of Transformers 3 .
We can tell you that will make the crew happy !
- Loyal Transformers Crew
A secret report on the chequered history of priceless Aramaic bowls loaned to a leading university has exposed an apparent attempt to cover up UK academic connections to a potentially deadly trade in stolen Iraqi antiquities .
The findings of the study , which was suppressed by a controversial legal agreement in 2007 , have at last solved a long - standing archaeological mystery .
Commissioned by University College London in 2005 , it confirms the expert view that the bowls were stolen from the historical site of Babylon and should be returned to Iraq or handed over to the police .
The report was completed in 2006 but suppressed a year later in a legal settlement made between the university and the putative owner of the bowls , the multimillionaire Norwegian collector , Martin Schøyen .
But a copy of its findings recently placed in the House of Lords library reveals that specialists in archaeology are convinced that the incantation bowls , dating from the fifth to eighth centuries , must have come from Iraq illegally .
They believe the rare finds were probably dug up from the remains of Babylon some time after the 1991 Gulf war and were not found in Jordan , as believed by Schøyen .
The UCL report concludes that " the bowls are subject to the Iraq United Nations sanctions order 2003 as cultural objects illicitly removed from Iraq after 6 August 1990 and that UCL has therefore a duty to deliver them to a constable " .
The learned team of academics and researchers who worked on the report concluded that both the university and Schøyen were guilty of not showing enough curiosity about the source of the 654 bowls , although it is not suggested that Schøyen knew they might have been looted when he bought them .
The team recommended they be returned immediately and asked for the findings to be made public .
But in 2007 the report's three authors were made to keep quiet about their conclusions and UCL paid an undisclosed sum of compensation to Schøyen .
The authors are believed to have been unhappy about the legal gag .
This weekend one of them , UCL 's director of museums and collections , Sally McDonald , said she was unable to comment further on the report .
At a press conference in June 2007 UCL and Schøyen released a joint statement that now appears to be a misrepresentation of the report 's findings .
It read : " In 2003 questions were raised in the media with regard to the origin of these bowls , as a result of which UCL , with the agreement of the Schøyen Collection , initiated an inquiry into their provenance .
" Following a searching investigation by an eminent panel of experts , and further inquiries of its own , UCL is pleased to announce that no claims adverse to the Schøyen Collection 's right and title have been made or intimated . "
But one of the suppressed report's two other authors , the Cambridge academic Lord Renfrew of Kaimsthorn , has called for the Iraqi government to demand the return of the bowls or to threaten to sue UCL and Schøyen .
" It is reasonably clear the bowls left Iraq in recent years , and I expect that the Iraqi government will be in contact with the British government to demand their return , " he said .
" It is very important that the continued looting of antiquities ceases , and for that to happen wealthy collectors and museums have to stop buying them . "
Professor Peter Stone , a Newcastle University expert in looted Iraqi antiquities , argues that the trade in stolen pieces is potentially even more dangerous , putting lives in peril as well as the archaeological legacy of the region .
" This is the first I have heard about the real contents of this UCL report , " he said .
" The bowls themselves have already lost about 70 % of their archaeological value because they have been removed from their geographical context .
They are now chiefly valuable as objects of art history .
But stopping the trade in these looted objects remains crucial .
As the US Marines have recently pointed out , there is a strong case that the money made by illegally digging up artefacts in historic sites is being used to buy guns for the insurgent forces . "
The incantation bowls , which were placed above doorways by Mesopotamian Jews as spiritual protection , are thought to be in a UCL store in London or Kent and cannot be used for research .
They were borrowed from Schøyen in 1996 by Professor Mark Geller of UCL's Institute of Jewish Studies in an informal arrangement to allow the bowls to be catalogued by experts .
A decade later Schøyen , probably the world 's greatest private collector of manuscripts and texts , began proceedings against UCL for failing to return the bowls as agreed .
He stated : " The Schøyen Collection has become frustrated with the waste of time and money caused by a lengthy and inconclusive inquiry into provenance and with the spurious reasons given for not returning the bowls . "
The UCL report was suppressed as part of the legal settlement of this case .
Bacon Jam - your wildest dreams comes true !
It 's so good and you 'll wonder why the supermarket does n't carry it .
115 1292 Add to Favorites
Oct. 9 , 2009  -- A Los Angeles woman is suing Toyota for $ 10 million over a marketing campaign that she claims " punked " her into incorrectly believing she was being stalked .
In a lawsuit filed Sept. 28 in Los Angeles Superior Court , Amber Duick claims she had difficulty eating , sleeping and going to work during March and April of last year after she received e-mails for five days from a fictitious man called Sebastian Bowler , from England , who said he was on the run from the law , knew her and where she lived , and was coming to her home to hide from the police .
There was even a fictitious MySpace page reportedly created for Bowler .
Although Bowler did not have Duick 's current address , he sent her links to his My Space page as well as links to video clips of him causing trouble all over the country on his way to her former house in Los Angeles , according to the lawsuit .
" Amber mate !
Coming 2 Los Angeles .
Gonna lay low at your place for a bit till it all blows over , " the man wrote in one e-mail .
Ficticious Man Claimed He Knew Alleged Victim , and Was Coming to Her House
Duick 's attorney said the marketing company went so far as to send Duick a bill for damages the fictitious man supposedly made to a hotel room .
" Amber , ran into a little problem at the hotel , " a note with the invoice stated .
" After I 'm done visiting you , I 'm going to go back and sort out that front desk Muppet . "
The alleged harassment lasted five days , according to the suit , and frightened Duick so much she contacted neighbors , friends and family , and the occupant of her former home about the man she feared was coming to visit .
Her attorney declined to comment as to whether or not she called the police .
She even made her longtime boyfriend sleep with a club and mace next to the bed for protection .
" As a result of the e-mails , [ Duick ] found it extremely difficult to work , and her job performance suffered , " the complaint said .
" [ She ] was unable to perform her job duties at standard levels . "
It turns out the prank was actually part of a marketing effort executed by the Los Angeles division of global marketing agency Saatchi & Saatchi , which created the campaign to promote the Toyota Matrix , a new model launched in 2008 .
Woman Sues Toyota Over Prank Marketing Campaign
Duick claims she was ridiculed by those she contacted about the fictitious man from England after they found out it was a prank , but to her it was no laughing matter .
Her attorney , Nick Tepper , said the Matrix campaign was similar to " Punk'd " a former MTV show starring Ashton Kutcher that featured celebrities being set up by their friends for elaborate pranks .
Toyota 's marketers used the Internet to find people who wanted to set up friends to be " punked , " and Duick was set up by a friend of hers , he said .
" They had some people who decided they wanted to use the new social media , and they did n't really think about the consequences , " Tepper said .
" Clearly , their objective with those people was to terrify them first and embarrass them second .
…
Obviously , they 're trying to use this campaign to sell to someone other than my client . "
In a statement written on behalf of Toyota and Saatchi about the lawsuit , Toyota Spokesman Chad Harp said Duick voluntarily participated in the alleged prank .
" The person who made this claim specifically opted in , granting her permission to receive campaign emails and other communications from Toyota , " he wrote in an e-mail .
" It was definitely something where people had to opt in to receive campaign communications , " he said .
" Numerous people opted in for this campaign .
It was a national campaign . "
Attorney for Toyota Says Duick Agreed to Participate
Tepper , Duick 's attorney , said he discussed the campaign with Toyota 's attorneys earlier this year , and they said the " opting in " Harp referred to was done when Duick 's friend e-mailed her a " personality test " that contained a link to an " indecipherable " written statement that Toyota used as a form of consent from Duick .
Tepper , said that during those legal negotiations , Toyota 's lawyers claimed Duick signed the written legal agreement , which they said amounts to " informed written consent . "
" So if [ Duick ] signed something , she 's informed that she 's signing ' A , ' but in fact she 's signing something else , " Duick 's attorney said .
" It 's written and it is consent , but you 're not informed about the thing that you 're actually signing up for ?
" It did n't say someone was going to be stalking my client .
It was premised upon keeping my client in the dark , upon fooling her that these e-mails were real . "
Toyota 's Matrix Prank Campaign
Harp said Toyota cannot discuss the legal aspects of the case , but marketing agencies like Saatchi & Saatchi are always thinking of new and innovative ways to attract consumers for clients like Toyota .
" They are our agency of record , " he said .
" We have numerous advertising and marketing campaigns that we do with them . …
You see everything going on these days , so there 's numerous different realms in terms of what people are looking into in terms of marketing campaigns . "
Saatchi & Saatchi told the marketing magazine OMMA last year that it had developed the campaign to target men under 35 who hate advertising .
The prank campaign , Saatchi creative director Alex Flint told the magazine , should gain the appreciation from " even the most cynical , anti-advertising guy . "
Harp said Saatchi & Saatchi continues to work with Toyota , but its Matrix campaign ended last year .
" It 's been suspended for quite some time , " he said , but it had run its course .
" It did follow our projected timeline . "
THE NEW UPDATED IMPERIAL PARTY SITE , IN THIS WORLD OF RAPID CHANGE WHERE THE SO CALLED ELITE ESTABLISHMENT ARE BEING SWEPT AWAY BY PEOPLE POWER THERE IS A NEED FOR A PARTY LIKE OURS .
WE ARE IMPERIALISTS AND PATRIOTS WHO CARE FOR OUR COUNTRY AND OUR WAY OF LIFE WHICH IS UNDER THREAT BY THE NEOLIBERAL AGENDA , THE EU , ITS MIGRANTS AND MOST OF ALL BY ISLAM .
NAIROBI–
The belief that albino body parts have magical powers has driven thousands of Africa 's albinos into hiding , fearful of losing their lives and limbs to unscrupulous dealers who can make huge profits selling a complete dismembered set .
Mary Owido , who lacks pigment that gives colour to skin , eyes and hair , says she is comfortable only when at work or at home with her husband and children .
" Wherever I go people start talking about me , saying that my legs and hands can fetch a fortune in Tanzania , " said Owido , 36 , a mother of six .
" This kind of talk scares me .
I am afraid of going out alone . "
Owido , a high school teacher in the western Kenyan town of Ahero , says she was forced to transfer from a better teaching job on the Kenya - Tanzania border town of Isebania last year after an albino girl she knew was murdered and her body parts chopped off .
Since 2007 , 44 albinos have been killed in Tanzania and 14 others have been slain in Burundi , sparking widespread fear among albinos in East Africa .
At least 10,000 have been displaced or gone into hiding since the killings began , according to a new report by the International Federation for the Red Cross and Crescent societies .
The surge in the use of albino body parts as good luck charms is a result of " a kind of marketing exercise by witch doctors , " the report said .
It said the market for albino parts exists mainly in Tanzania , where a complete set of body parts – including all limbs , genitals , ears , tongue and nose – can sell for $ 75,000 ( U.S. ) .
Wealthy buyers use the parts as talismans to bring them wealth and good fortune .
East Africa 's latest albino murder happened in Tanzania 's Mwanza region in late October , when albino hunters beheaded 10 - year - old Gasper Elikana and chopped off his leg , the report said .
The killing left Elikana 's father , who tried to defend his son , seriously injured .
Albinism is a hereditary condition , but occurs only when both parents have albinism genes .
All six of Owido 's children have normal skin colour .
You have the choice to start Jake2 with jogl OpenGL driver and joal OpenAL driver or to use lwjgl as OpenGL and audio library .
The lwjgl version has the advantage of better fullscreen support especially on linux and it is slightly faster than jogl .
But there are still some keyboard issues with the lwjgl version ( deadkeys and repeats are not handled properly ) .
So try out both versions and use the one you like better .
The webstart version runs on Linux , Windows and Mac OS X ( Intel / PPC ) .
Special thanks goes to Kenneth Russell for his generous Mac mini sponsoring .
Please send feedback to our Jake2 forum at sourceforge .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Hannity Falsifies Footage of Tea Bagger Rally "
( 49 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 11/11/2009 @ 5:48 pm PT ...
I enjoyed that !
Can there be any thinking human being out there who still believes that Fox " news " is for real ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 11/11/2009 @ 5:52 pm PT ...
Lora , it depends on what " thinking " " is " .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/11/2009 @ 6:21 pm PT ...
Sean had " earlier " on that clip so he could say it was " earlier " this year I suppose , lol
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 11/11/2009 @ 6:21 pm PT ...
Citing " being a real douchebag " as his primary reason , Lou Dobbs quits CNN .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... confused said on 11/11/2009 @ 10:36 pm PT ...
Brad why do you use misinformed ... just use the word LIED ... no one was lol misinformed , they were lied to as per the word used regularly misinformation ... huh ??..
Dont use spin , just get the the core meaning of it
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Dustin said on 11/12/2009 @ 12:13 am PT ...
Wait ... you think this was WORSE than Rather 's error ?
It was n't even that different of a clip .
A bunch of people on the mall , just a couple of months before .
You act like it 's been proven that Hannity personally intended to deceive people ... where do you get that ?
What would the deception have been ?
Both show a vague mass of people in the Capitol with a bunch of signs ... both shots are oblique and do not reveal the number of protestors ... they focus on the signs carried .
So I do n't see how this screwup changed the narrative Hannity was trying to talk about .
This was a typical screw up ... the kind most media make all the time .
I am very surprised if this is somehow unusual for Fox ... it 's such a minor error .
But the reaction on this blog seems to indicate it is a major story .
Man bites dog .
Rather passed an obvious forgery .
He defended it long after it was proven .
Unlike Hannity , who had tons of footage of the actual protest he was discussing , Rather based his entire story on the forgeries .
It 's not a matter of opinion : objectively speaking , Rather 's error was more egregious .
I wish you would not refer to TEA party protests ass ' Tea Bagger Rally ' .
I know that is meant to be ugly and offensive , but why go out of your way to do that ?
The people there have a name for it , why not use it ?
Why are far leftists in lockstep in using that term ?
It 's very unfortunate .
I think we can all work together for Change and Hope , if we try to not demean eachother .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 11/12/2009 @ 12:50 am PT ...
Learn to speak teabag ( Flash ) http://www.sfgate.com/cg...09/11/11/fioreteabag.DTL
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 11/12/2009 @ 1:07 am PT ...
Because , Dustin , they suck balls .
( The previous comment is in no way intended to either offend the gay community , or to make any connection between the actual physical act of ballsucking and the Tea Baggers .
The balls they suck are figuratively , and are attached to Rupert Murdoch , Glenn Beck , Michelle Bachmann , and the like . )
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Jon in Iowa said on 11/12/2009 @ 3:19 am PT ...
Dustin , you forget that they named themselves tea - baggers when they were protesting by sending tea bags to Obama .
" We 're gonna tea bag the president ! " was the message , essentially .
They just did n't consider how likely it was that the vulgar image would stick to them , rather than him .
That aside , I agree with your first point .
As funny as it is , there 's no reason to believe Hannity or anybody deliberately tried to dope the footage .
If they 're using a typical video - editing program ( Avid or Final Cut ) , it would be as easy as someone opening the wrong index , seeing thumbnails of a rally and not thinking twice about it .
Yes , it 's fun to assume sinister motives , and someone should have caught the mistake the same way Jon Stewart did , but this sort of accident could easily happen .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Linda Hilton said on 11/12/2009 @ 6:06 am PT ...
But wait , was n't the footage of the 9/12 crap proven to be actual footage of the promise keepers ?
So they used fake footage that was faked before ?
What losers .
I wish we had some real media on the tv .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 11/12/2009 @ 7:02 am PT ...
@ Dustin : I like calling them Tea Baggers , sure beats Conservatives or what ever that splinter group of the GOP wants to be called .
But wait , are they even GOP anymore ?
After chasing the GOP elected candidate out of the race in the 23rd in New York , I 'd of been livid if I were the GOP party chair .
But wait , Mr Steele embraced ... oh well , I 'm waffling I 'm sticking with Tea Baggers Kudos again To Jon and his writing staff for having the balls and air time to point out the shit from all sides , and the humor
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 11/12/2009 @ 7:50 am PT ...
Dustin -- comment # 6
You wrote -- I wish you would not refer to TEA party protests ass ' Tea Bagger Rally ' .
It 's just such an hilarious typo -- refer to Tea party protests ass -- like the whole group of them has one big ol ' collective Tea Partyin '
Ass which you 're politely pointing out to us " lefties " even as you call for more civility .
Sorry but you just can't leave a comedic gift that big up on the t- ball and not expect some clown like me to come along and give it a whack .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/12/2009 @ 10:18 am PT ...
Dustin said : Wait ... you think this was WORSE than Rather 's error ?
Absolutely .
Hannity 's " error " was not , could not have been inadvertent .
Whether it was his fault , or one of his producers is unknown , since he failed to either take personal responsibility or hold anybody else accountable ( ya know , those things " Conservatives " used to act like they believed in ) .
Rather 's " error " , if , in fact , it was an error , was not done knowingly , and to this day , the substance of his report has never been disproven , or even disputed by those involved ( such as the Bush White House ) .
It was n't even that different of a clip .
A bunch of people on the mall , just a couple of months before .
I realize that was the rally a few months before --- the one at which a Fox " News " producer was caught on video tape stage - managing the crowd itself --- however , the event had taken place that afternoon .
So , contrary to " Jon in Iowa 's " assertion above , it would be rather difficult to take the fresh tape brought in for " today 's " report , and then " inadvertently " reach back into the archives for an entirely different bunch of footage to use .
GIven that all reasonably legitimate estimates for the crowd size were 5,000 ( with a max of 10,000 ) , that footage would look pretty puny on the mall .
When you want to assert that crowd was more like 50 k , as Bachmann did , you 'd have to insert doctored footage to keep * her* from looking like an idiot ( no easy feat , I realize ! )
You act like it 's been proven that Hannity personally intended to deceive people ... where do you get that ?
Actually , you act like it's been proven that Rather personally intended to deceive anybody , when there is no evidence , zero , of that being the case .
That said , I can't conceive of an explanation for which Hannity 's deception could have been " inadvertent " , but I assume you 'll be calling for an investigation , as you wingnuts did with Rather ?
( And for the network to fire him , even before that investigation , as you did with Rather ? )
I am very surprised if this is somehow unusual for Fox ...
Well , on that point , I can't disagree with you .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... StupidSteve said on 11/12/2009 @ 10:56 am PT ...
Why all this partianship ?
That 's what the politicos in DC thrive on , dividing our nation to bring it down .
And bad news for all of you , if you are depending on ABC , CBS , CNN , MSNBC , or Fox for all your news .
The age of jouralism is dead at the major newspapers and networks , their marching orders come from the top , the George Sorous ' and Rupert Murdochs ' of the world .
I heard about the 9/12 protest on Youtube , was n't on the networks , protrayed as a small gathering in the few articles i did stumble across .
The story is whatever ' they ' want the story to be and I hope America sees the problem before it 's too late .
Fact is , the nation is $ 11 Trillion in debt and you simpletons are arguing about a 3 second video clip that only a few million people saw .
Wake up !!!
I would love to hear the American left 's position on this , because the American right is mobilizing .
And I 'm no wingnut , Bush did n't do us any favors with a $ 400 Billion deficit , but given the choice , I 'd rather be a Teabagger than a Teabaggee .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/12/2009 @ 11:45 am PT ...
Where were you Steve when Bush and the Rubelicans were deficit spending us into oblivion ... huh ?
Why all the concern all of a sudden ?
I call Bullshit
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... StupidSteve said on 11/12/2009 @ 12:35 pm PT ...
Like I said , I 'm no wingnut , I say bring the troops home , we can't afford these wars to nowhere .
The country is in serious trouble , and projections from this healthcare bill , the two wars we are in , the bank and auto bailouts have us at an 80 % debtload in the very near future .
That 's 80 cents from every dollar the federal government takes in from American taxpayers going to China and India , as interest payments .
And you 're right , bullshit on me for not seeing the facts sooner than I did , but they are there and I see them now .
I hope a whole lot of other people seem them too , before it 's too late .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/12/2009 @ 12:49 pm PT ...
Dustin comment # 16 : FOX " news " history of doctoring videos and photos : http://mediamatters.org/research/200911110019
Once is an accident ... there 's a DOCUMENTED HISTORY of SERIAL DOCTORING on FOX " news " !!!
Hannity thought he was " cute " by saying to Stewart : " Thanks for watching ! "
What he really meant was : " FOR THE LOVE OF GOD , PLEASE STOP POINTING OUT OUR DOCTORED VIDEOS !!!!!!! "
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/12/2009 @ 12:53 pm PT ...
StupidSteve - Calling out a " news " organization as being propaganda for the Republican Party is not " partisanship " , it 's citizenship .
Where the other networks fail , and they do all the time , we call them out .
None of them , however , comes anywhere close to the purposefully misleading partisan propaganda of Fox " News " , and they need to be called out dutifully on that .
Period .
Falsifying video footage for a news event is a HUGE no -no that would have earned ANY other organization doing it the endless wrath from the very ( completely disinformed ) tea baggers you seem to be standing with , despite their illegitimate protests against a fantasy world created by the very folks who doctored footage and called it news .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/12/2009 @ 12:55 pm PT ...
StupidSteve : you say you 'd rather be a teabagger and you 're against the wars and teabaggers are mobilizing .
Right ?
What are they mobilizing against ?
Health Care !!!
Not the Wars !!!
Why are n't they protesting the wars ?
What good is their mobilizing ?
That 's like saying : " They 're good at mobilizing " .
Big f*cking deal !!!
Would I get a KUDO 's for mobilizing for white supremacists ?
Would you say : " Wow !
Look at how good they are at mobilizing !!! "
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 11/12/2009 @ 12:57 pm PT ...
Compare this incident to MSNBC 's version of " truth " : You had both David Shuster and Rachel Maddow insist that Rush Limbuagh spoke approvingly of slavery and of James Earl Ray .
Those quotes turned out be 100 % bogus .
Hannity actually apologized for what he did .
Shuster could only manage to say , " We can't verify the quote " , and Maddow could only mumble " Mea culpa " .
Heck , even Rick Sanchez over at CNN apologized for the bogus quotes .
Anderson Cooper , to his credit , said from the start he thought the quotes were fake .
Fake news network ?
That 's MSNBC .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/12/2009 @ 1:00 pm PT ...
One thing you 're right about , is America needs to mobilize ... but for the right things .
I also do n't go for this : whenever any rightwing media lies are pointed out , people suddenly come out and say : " let 's all stop this partisan nonsense ! "
Never when something on the left is pointed out , like the Rather thing ... where were the people saying : " Oh !
Let 's stop this partisan bickering ! " I always notice that .
And technically , if you want to get into it , Rather was right : BUSH WAS AWOL !!!!!!!!
If you 'd like a followup on that , let me know .
Look up Mary Mapes on Democracy NOW !
from a few years ago .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/12/2009 @ 1:02 pm PT ...
Damail : please provide any doctored footage from MSNBC .
Like the doctored Hannity footage .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... StupidSteve said on 11/12/2009 @ 1:16 pm PT ...
$ 11 Trillion in debt , growing by $ 3.8 Billion everyday .
Let 's argue about Fox and MSNBC .
Good plan America .
And Brad , I agree , call the news media out , left or right .
And thanks for having an outpost for us to share ideas and thoughts , glad I stumbled upon it .
I just wish we could get past this left / right thing , because right now the country is in trouble .
In the spirit of compromise the ( R ) s and ( D ) s in Washington have just decided to have it all , with no thought of balancing cost to revenue .
The taxpayers have been stuck with a huge burden that we may never get out of .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/12/2009 @ 1:20 pm PT ...
Damail desperately asserted :
You had both David Shuster and Rachel Maddow insist that Rush Limbuagh spoke approvingly of slavery and of James Earl Ray .
Those quotes turned out be 100 % bogus .
No , you had Shuster and Maddow * report * he had said that , as it had been taken from his WikiPedia page .
When they realized that was incorrect --- which they did n't know in advance , as Hannity and / or his producer * did * know --- they apologized profusely .
Do you need me to go fetch that " mumble [d ] ' mea culpa ' " you are lying to folks about here ?
If I do , will you be apologizing for having purposely misrepresented what they said ?
Just as Sean Hannity purposely misrepresented last week 's rally ?
Hannity actually apologized for what he did .
Barely .
Nobody was held accountable , Hannity took no personal responsibility .
Had it been anybody else but Fox , baggers like yourself would have been screaming bloody murder , demanding the offender be fired .
Will you be doing that now for Hannity ?
( Obviously , rhetorical question , we know your lame answer . )
Fake news network ?
That 's MSNBC .
Yup .
And Obama has increased the deficit far beyond Bush and has shredded the Constitution .
Sigh ...
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/12/2009 @ 1:50 pm PT ...
StupidSteve said : $ 11 Trillion in debt , growing by $ 3.8 Billion everyday .
Let 's argue about Fox and MSNBC .
Good plan America .
Um , SSteve , how do you think we got into that debt ?
When Bush came into office , there was a budget surplus .
Because
Fox failed to push their now - phony " Government is out of control ! " line for 8 years of Bush , we were allowed to spend a trillion on the Iraq War , another trillion on Medicare Part D and on and on and on .
The watchdogs failed .
Most notably , Fox " News " since they * pretend * to give a damn about conservatism .
The other failures just failed as usual .
Fox * knowingly * deceived the country by hiding the very thing their viewers might have cared about , since they pretend to be " conservative " .
And Brad , I agree , call the news media out , left or right .
And thanks for having an outpost for us to share ideas and thoughts , glad I stumbled upon it .
Good .
Me too .
I just wish we could get past this left / right thing , because right now the country is in trouble .
We have been passed that nonsense here at The BRAD BLOG ( where one of our mottos has long been " It 's not about left and right , it 's about right and wrong ) , long ago .
But it 's not a partisan matter to , for example , call for the impeachment of Bush .
We called for it not because he 's a Republican or because he's on the right , but because he was a * criminal * .
Same point is true when we call out the tea baggers and Fox " News " .
It ai n't because they 're Republicans , it 's because they are liars and fantasists and propagandists damaging our country from top to bottom with their lies .
In the spirit of compromise the ( R ) s and ( D ) s in Washington have just decided to have it all , with no thought of balancing cost to revenue .
And , in the spirit of telling the truth , the Dems came to power promising PayGo and have kept that promise --- exception being TARP ( proposed by Bush , accepted by Ds ) and stimulus ( no other actual choice to keep the economy from flatlining ) --- and are doing it again on things like the Health Care Bill , which will actually * decrease * the deficit according to the CBO .
No kudos for the Ds being responsible on the budget following 6 years of pretend conservative Rs being anything but ??
The taxpayers have been stuck with a huge burden that we may never get out of .
Yup .
But whose to blame , and whose actually been busy for the last three years * trying * ( sometimes failing , sometimes succeeding ) to do something about it ?
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... dallas said on 11/12/2009 @ 1:52 pm PT ...
Years ago , soon after the founding of Fox " News , " its chief , Roger Ailes was asked about its slanted " reporting . "
He did n't try to defend or deny it .
He stated flat out , " We have an agenda . "
Why anyone should suddenly doubt that , or question it due to a slogan ( " fair and balanced " ) so far from reality that it violates all Truth in Advertising laws on the books , is beyond me .
Roger Ailes is a veteran of the Nixon Dirty Tricks Team .
He is very good at his craft , and he does not do things " inadvertently , " and nor do his star employees .
To suggest otherwise is to demean his skill at pursuing his " agenda , " unfair and unbalanced as it may be .
His agenda is anything but benevolent , but he and his staff are not clumsy or careless .
Their distortions are well - planned and quite deliberate .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... StupidSteve said on 11/12/2009 @ 2:20 pm PT ...
--- and are doing it again on things like the Health Care Bill , which will actually * decrease * the deficit according to the CBO Yes , the CBO does peg this bill as ' deficit neutral ' , as long as Americans pay their $ 167 Billion in fines for not obtaining or providing health insurance .
The CBO does not calculate how much is going to be spent prosecuting and jailing those who do not pay the fines .
Also not factored in to the CBO report is how much the insurance companies are going to raise premiums to offset the inability to underwrite policies .
Imagine if your auto insurance could n't use driving records to rate policies , everyone pays the same , regardless of driving history ... Now , are rates going to go up or down ?
And remember , the insurance company , by law , will only be able to charge one premium .
Are they gonna charge everyone the good driver rate or is everyone going to be charged as if they have 7 DUIs and 6 at - fault collisions ?
Look at what your credit card has done to you in the last 6 months for your answer , because this bill gives big insurance a 3 year head start , banks only had 8 months .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/12/2009 @ 2:47 pm PT ...
SSteve - I 'll be happy to join you in your criticism of the health care bill in that it's a gift to the private insurance industry .
That said , short of a universal , single - payer system , which we should have , instead of the immoral system we have no , or the immoral system we 'll be augmenting shortly if things stay on track , if ensuring health care for those who do n't have it ends up increasing the deficit , or costs to the privately ensured , well , so be it .
Due to places like Fox , we 've been unable to have a legitimate debate on this most important issue .
Informing tea baggers that there is to be a " government take - over of health care " when ( unfortunately ) there is to be no such thing , leaves us in a state that ensures only the worst possible result : the bill we 're likely to get .
To complain about the deficit , however , at this late date , and point to the health care bill , or other currently planned Dem initiatives is , in my opinion , arguing about letting the horse out the barn after hit 's already left .
Want to do something about the defecit ?
End both stupid wars now , and cut out of our ridiculously bloated defense budget ( by far , the single highest expenditure ) , any amount by which our budget is at a deficit to balance it out .
Sound reasonable ?
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... StupidSteve said on 11/12/2009 @ 4:17 pm PT ...
I 'm for ending the wars too , like I said , it 's a cost we can't afford .
I thought the F - 22 was a beautiful fighter , but agreed with its cancellation for budgetary reasons , hopefully the JSF is next , if it has n't already been killed .
And yes , the horse left the barn a long time ago , and we can fight about it til the cows come home , but that will do nothing towards bringing the horse back .
Both sides can find fault in the other 's spending , there 's rampant waste in Washington , and plenty of blame to go around .
We should consider imposing a tax on lobbyist dollars , charge them a 50 % excise tax and make them move their business offshore , where they can't influence our politicians anymore .
That 's the crux of the problem , special interests have overshadowed public interest .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/12/2009 @ 5:12 pm PT ...
SSteve - Yup .
How 's about publicly funded elections ?
Get 's the lobbyists / corporations * entirely * out of 'em .
While we'd have to spend money on those elections , the savings we'd get from Congress members who no longer would have to vote to approve bullshit for their corporate benefactors would likely pay for itself in about ten minutes !
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 11/12/2009 @ 9:26 pm PT ...
Shuster and Maddow did not " apologize profusely " about the bogus Rush quotes .
The only one who actually apologized was Rick Sanchez .
I already pointed out that " mea culpa " and " we ca n't verify the quotes " are not apologies .
And why are they using wikipedia as a source ?
Heck , I will even give the Huffington Post some credit .
When they were confronted with the bogus quotes , they acknowledged the point and deleted that portion of the article .
" and demanding the offender be fired . . "
I have never demanded that anyone over at MSLSD be fired .
If they want to continue to sully the reputation of their network , far be it from me to stop them .
" ... and Obama has increased the defict far beyond Bush ... "
He is on track to add 9 $ trillion to the national debt .
I 'm not the one how is lying , or who is desperate .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/13/2009 @ 1:54 am PT ...
Damail - You 'll forgive me , I 'm sure , if I do n't have he time ( or even , particularly , the interest ) at 2 am tonight to go hunt down quotes for you .
So let 's go ahead and stipulate that Maddow 's apology was not sufficient for you .
Point is , did she purposely deceive her viewers , as Hannity did ?
Of course not .
Has anyone ever done so on MSNBC ?
If so , please let me know , and I 'll be happy to call for the same accountability I 'm calling for against Hannity .
If you 're not familiar with the witch - hunts by your people , demanding the heads of Rather and others , for not doing anything even as close to egregious as Hannity 's offenses ( and many others on Fox ) , then your living in an alternate reality .
That would not be a surprise , given what we know about you by now , I 'm afraid .
And you 're actually suggesting that Obama has grown the government more than Bush did ?
Really ?
Yes , alternate reality , amigo .
Enjoy yourself in it .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 11/13/2009 @ 2:00 am PT ...
I watched Maddow apologize .
" Profuse " is all relative .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/13/2009 @ 6:51 am PT ...
I really think there 's a big difference between KNOWINGLY DOCTORING VIDEO AND PHOTOS !
CHRIST !!!
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/13/2009 @ 6:54 am PT ...
The person(s ) who doctored the video should come on and explain why and how they doctored the video and apologize , and explain why they doctor video and photos ALL THE F*CKING TIME !!!!!!!!!!
Once again : Damail is comparing ONE thing to DOCUMENTED SERIAL DOCTORING HISTORICALLY OVER A LONG PERIOD OF TIME !
Just like he took ONE Mike Malloy quote and said the left has as much hate as the right - DECADES of hate quotes from MANY rightwing pundits !
You can't do that , Damail !!!
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 11/13/2009 @ 9:35 am PT ...
Dustin @ # 6 ~ I 'm amazed at how quickly you guys forget stuff .
Jon from Iowa is absolutely correct : Teabaggers call THEMSELVES teabaggers .
In fact , the first use of term " teabag " as a verb can be traced back Fox 's hopelessly clueless " reporter " Griff Jenkins in the lead up to the April 15 Rallies :
VIDEO : http://www.videosift.com...-Tea-Bag-the-White-House ... there are even PROUD Teabaggers : http://washingtonindepen...r-that-must-not-be-named
So can we please stop eviscerating Brad ( and others - I 've seen a million complaints on other threads about how the " left " wo n't stop using that denigrating name ) for simply calling them the name they picked for themselves ?
So sorry if they ( or you ) do n't like it after you 've googled " teabagging " in the urban dictionary and found out it 's means gonads dangling in your face .
IMHO , the name sums up the tone of the movement PERFECTLY .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 11/13/2009 @ 11:59 am PT ...
" ... just like he took ONE Mike malloy quote ... "
What are you smoking , goober ?
I posted a whole slew of hate - filled quotes from Mike Malloy .
I also gave you the kill - Bush comment from Randi Rhodes .
Other recent points I will address later .
My break is over , and I have to get back to work .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 11/13/2009 @ 9:29 pm PT ...
" Has anyone on MSNBC ever deceived viewers ...? "
Yes .
Keith Olbermann has told a bunch of lies on his show .
Two examples come to mind :
He claimed that Gov. Palin slashed the Special Olympics budget in Alaska , when she actually increased the budget 10 % .
Olbermann also blurted that Michelle Malkin was fired from " The O'Reilly Factor " , when she quit over a dispute with Geraldo Rivera .
Olbermann has also stated on " Countdown " he will work towards getting Glenn Beck and Bill O'Reilly kicked off the air .
And just this week , two of MSNBC 's daytimers used a montage of photos of Sarah Palin that included two photo - shopped pieces , including the fake photo of Palin wearing a bikini and holding a rifle .
Newsbusters has the details and the video .
How soon will they apologize ?
" You 're actually suggesting that Obama has grown the government more than Bush did ...? "
Go back and read my quote , Friedman .
I said he is on track to add another $ 9 trillion dollars to our debt .
That means he will eventually ( and very soon ) outspend Bush .
A $ 1.2 trillion deficit in the first year should make that crystal clear .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/14/2009 @ 12:22 am PT ...
Damail spewed : " Has anyone on MSNBC ever deceived viewers ...? "
Yes .
Keith Olbermann has told a bunch of lies on his show .
Two examples come to mind :
He claimed that Gov. Palin slashed the Special Olympics budget in Alaska , when she actually increased the budget 10 % .
Olbermann also blurted that Michelle Malkin was fired from " The O'Reilly Factor " , when she quit over a dispute with Geraldo Rivera .
Since you did n't offer actual links to prove your case , your claims may be either true or false .
But let 's go ahead and presume they are true .
Is there any evidence to suggest ANY of the points you 've made above were done with the intent to deceive viewers ?
Any evidence ?
If so , I 'll be happy to call for heads to roll ( as I 've done with Olbermann in the past , btw ) .
Because I know , as in Hannity 's case , that video from a different event two months ago does n't edit itself into a video package of an event that happened " today " .
It ca n't be done accidentally .
Whether Hannity knew about the deception is an open question .
But he knows about it now , and has taken no action to hold anybody accountable to my knowledge .
And you do n't seem interested in calling on him to do so , for some reason .
Now why would that be ?
Olbermann has also stated on " Countdown " he will work towards getting Glenn Beck and Bill O'Reilly kicked off the air .
Good !
Again , I 'll have to take your word for it ( since you did n't supply evidence to your allegation ) , but if he did that , I 'm delighted to hear it !
Fraudsters , such as Beck and O'Reilly , should not be allowed to continue to perpetrate their fraud .
The consumer should have some sort of protection and a right to be given what they have purchased ( in this case , a product that purports to be news ) .
But , in any case , I 'm not sure what your point above has anything to do with this discussion .
And just this week , two of MSNBC 's daytimers used a montage of photos of Sarah Palin that included two photo - shopped pieces , including the fake photo of Palin wearing a bikini and holding a rifle .
Newsbusters has the details and the video .
How soon will they apologize ?
Do n't know , but I 'd hope it 's soon if one is merited !
But , more to the point , did they do so knowingly ?
And did they represent the photos as legitimate ?
Happily , though you did n't offer an URL , you at least gave enough info to find this one easily enough ( for the record , it 's here . )
It appears to be a from a satirical Letterman - type " Top 10 " list , though it 's hard to know for certain since there is no context offered in the accompanying text , and the Newsbusters clip itself does n't offer the entire context for the segment as say , Media Matters , an actual media watchdog , routinely offers .
Still , if they intended to deceive , they should a ) apologize and / or b ) be fired for attempting to pass off fakery as Hannity did .
Why is that so difficult ?
" You 're actually suggesting that Obama has grown the government more than Bush did ...? "
Go back and read my quote , Friedman .
I said he is on track to add another $ 9 trillion dollars to our debt .
That means he will eventually ( and very soon ) outspend Bush .
A $ 1.2 trillion deficit in the first year should make that crystal clear .
Oh , I see .
So Dubya gets quite a pass there , considering he came into office with a budget surplus , so every dollar Bush spent at that point did n't " add to the defecit " by your tea bag style math .
Ingenious !
And does that $ 1.2 trillion deficit in Obama 's first year include the $ 700 billion from Bush 's TARP plan , btw ?
Does it include the stimulus needed to help keep the country avert a depression after 8 years of disastrous fiscal madness under Bush ?
Has he done anything that was optional , but unpaid for , like $ 800 billion , unpaid , for Medicare Part D or $ 1 trillion on an optional war or a $ 3 trillion in unpaid tax cuts to the wealthy ?
If so , let me know .
And until then , please feel free to share the paper trail of your outrage over the last eight years for Bush 's fiscal insanity , when I suspect you sat around and actually supported all of it without a peep .
Feel free to demonstrate otherwise , boss .
If you 're able , I 'll be happy to apologize .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Vispetti said on 11/14/2009 @ 6:10 am PT ...
Greetings All !
It 's great to read all of the exchanges .
I stumbled across this site while researching Rupert Murdoch 's comments promoting global government .
I 'm still checking out some of the posts and comments .
Very interesting .
I 'll be candid with all of you .
I have been working with Ron Paul 's efforts over the past three years to effect change in the country .
I really never belonged to any political party and have voted all over the political spectrum from Democrats , Republicans , Libertarians and many Independents .
I voted for a Constitutionalist candidate during the past election when Ron Paul dropped out .
Since many of us Ron Paul supporters set out to hold elected officials accountable to following the Constitution and bringing some stability back to the economy , we have been ridiculed by the likes of the mainstream media ( conservative and liberal ) .
At least this is what happened when Ron Paul first appeared on the scene in the 2008 Presidential Election .
Fox News demonized him and all of his supporters , with names like " kooks " , " fringe " , " radicals " and some even went as far as to threaten many of us .
At the time , Glenn Beck worked with a CNN sister company and was one of the main culprits in these attacks .
He is infamous for calling Paul the " Mayor of Crazytown " .
He , unfortunately , is now the ring leader of what has been coined the 9 - 12 Project , which I find an appalling title as it exploits many 9 - 11 victims .
So he has now co-opted Ron Paul 's message after ridiculing him for being vocal .
I just want all of you to know that all of the folks protesting at these Tea Party events are not Democrat haters or racists .
Ron Paul 's movement attracted people from all political perspectives and he opposes the false left / right bashing that goes on between the so - called " left " and " right " mainstream media networks .
He has been very fair to point out the problems with Republicans and Democrats and is good friends with Dennis Kucinich .
Unfortunately , the Tea Parties have been exploited by Fox News and the establishment Republicans .
Many Ron
Paul supporters attend these events to educate people on topics they wo n't learn about on mainstream media .
They did n't just start talking about corruption on Obama 's watch but were very vocal during the Bush administrations .
This current wave of protestors are divided .
Fox News , who laughed at the Ron Paul movement , has co-opted his message and mixed it with establishment Republican Party rhetoric .
Please understand that people showing up at these Beck and Tea Party events are not followers of Beck .
Some more conservative leaning Ron Paul supporters have , unfortunately , sipped a bit of the Glenn Beck Kool - Aid and have plum forgotten that this man was never on our side .
NEVER !
However , there are many Ron Paul supporters who do n't trust Fox and Glenn Beck because they NEVER SPOKE OUT AGAINST THE SAME SOCIALISTIC / FASCIST POLICIES OF GEORGE BUSH .
NOW FOX EXPECTS US TO BELIEVE THAT THEY HAVE HAD A SUDDEN EPIPHANY TO THE CORRUPTION THAT TAKES PLACE IN WASHINGTON .
I love this country and what has been taking place for the past decades is coming to a climax under the Obama administration .
I do n't hate Obama and being an African - American , I certainly do n't despise Obama for being an African - American president .
Both establishment Republicans and Democrats have always been controlled by many globalist think tanks like the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) and countless others .
Their goal is to bring this country into a global government where our Constitution becomes null and void .
It does n't matter what political title you consider yourself today because we all must be concerned about the dropping of the dollar by foreign countries .
Most of us do n't have gold and we are going into receivership .
When this economy totally fails , we 'll basically be living in hell on earth in the United States .
This coupled with the government 's overreaching to hinder our freedom of speech , privacy and ability to protect ourselves when things really decay should be concerns for all of us .
We can no longer be confined to these political and ideological titles because what is happening is as plain as day .
We have a tyrannical government with a few good leaders .
Democratic Presidents have leaned more towards Socialism and the Republican Presidents lean more towards Fascism .
What ever you want to call the past and current administrations of both parties , it is clear that they all infringe upon our freedom of privacy and all of them have implemented policies to enslave us .
The Patriot Act is nothing more than tyranny wrapped in a nice name .
The Iraq War was and is illegal .
What part of that does n't Obama understand ?
Our troops need to come back home .
All of the mainstream media networks are engaging in big time deception and are banking on citizens bashing each other for being " left " or " right " .
These are false fights being instigated to control us .
Glenn
Beck is a shill who is doing no more than bringing masses of angry conservatives back to the Republican Party for 2010 and 2012 .
He is assuring that all of those disgruntled Independents and Republicans come back to the Right side of the Left / Right pendulum .
He is doing no more than exploiting an angry populace .
Rush Limbaugh , although I believe he is telling some truth about the current administration , plays into the anger and of millions of viewers and gives them their daily fix of " Bash Liberals " propaganda .
At the same time , the left media engages the right media in an all out fight to control their viewers ....
PEOPLE , WE ARE BEING BAMBOOZLED BY THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA NETWORKS .
ALL OF THEM ARE OWNED BY THE VERY SAME ELITE WHO ARE HELL BENT ON DOING AWAY WITH OUR CONSTITUTION ( NOT SAYING IT'S PERFECT ) , FREEDOM , LIBERTY AND SOVEREIGNTY .
THIS HAS BEEN A LONG TERM EFFORT OF SOME WHO ACCEPT THE PHILOSOPHY OF TOTAL GOVERNMENT CONTROL AND THE POLICE STATE .
THESE FOLKS COME IN REPUBLICAN , DEMOCRATIC AND INDEPENDENT FLAVORS .
PLEASE DON'T FALL INTO THEIR FALSE LEFT / RIGHT PARADIGMS TO CONTINUE DIVIDING US .
WE CAN REMAIN IN OUR GROUPS BUT WE MUST KNOW WHO IN FACT IS THE TRUE ENEMY --IT ISN'T US !
Peace to all .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Vispetti said on 11/14/2009 @ 6:36 am PT ...
Letter From Grandpa ( Prelude ) John G. is 63 years old and owns a small business .
He 's a life - long Republican and sees his dream of retiring next year has all but evaporated .
With the stock market crashing and new taxes coming his way , John assumes now that he will work to his dying day .
John has a granddaughter .
Ashley is a recent college grad .
She drives a flashy hybrid car , wears all the latest fashions , and loves to go out to nightclubs and restaurants .
Ashley campaigned hard for Barack Obama .
After the election she made sure her grandfather ( and all other Republican family members ) received a big I told - you - so earful on how the world is going to be a much better place now that her party is taking over .
Having lost both roommates , Ashley recently ran short of cash and cannot pay the rent ( again ) on her three - bedroom townhouse .
Like she has done many times in the past , she e-mailed her grandfather asking for some financial help .
Here is his reply : ( Letter or propaganda ) Sweetheart , I received your request for assistance .
Ashley , you know I love you dearly and I 'm sympathetic to your financial plight .
Unfortunately , times have changed .
With the election of President Obama , your grandmother and I have had to set forth a bold new economic plan of our own ... " The Ashley Economic Empowerment Plan . "
Let me explain .
Your grandmother and I are life - long , wage - earning tax payers .
We have lived a comfortable life , as you know , but we have never had the fancier things like European vacations , luxury cars , etc .
We have worked hard and were looking forward to retiring soon .
But the plan has changed .
Your president is raising our personal and business taxes significantly .
He says it is so he can give our hard earned money to other people .
Do you know what this means , Ashley ?
It means less for us , and we must cut back on many business and personal expenses .
You know the wonderful receptionist who worked in my office for more than 23 years - the one who always gave you candy when you came over to visit ?
I had to let her go last week .
I can't afford to pay her salary and all of the government mandated taxes that go with having employees .
Your grandmother will now work 4 days a week to answer phones , take orders and handle the books .
We will be closed on Fridays and will lose even more income .
I 'm also very sorry to report that your cousin Frank will no longer be working summers in the warehouse .
I called him at school this morning .
He already knows about it and he 's upset because he will have to give up skydiving and his yearly trip to Greenland to survey the polar bears .
That 's just the business side of things .
Some personal economic effects of Obama 's new taxation policies include none other than you .
You know very well that over the years your grandmother and I have given you thousands of dollars in cash , tuition assistance , food , housing , clothing , gifts , etc. , etc .
But by your vote , you have chosen to help others - not at your expense - but at our expense .
If you need money now sweetheart , I recommend you call 202-456 - 1111 .
That is the direct phone number for the White House .
You yourself told me how foolish it is to vote Republican .
You said Mr. Obama is going to be the ' People 's President , ' and is going to help every American live a better life .
Based on everything you 've told me , along with all the promises we heard during the campaign , I 'm sure Mr. Obama will be happy to transfer some stimulus money into your bank account .
Have him call me for the account number which I memorized years ago .
Perhaps you can now understand what I 've been saying all my life :
Those who vote for a president should consider the impact on the nation as a whole , and not be just concerned with what they can get for themselves .
What Obama supporters do n't seem to realize is all of the money he is redistributing to illegal aliens and non-taxpaying Americans ( the so - called ' less fortunate ' ) comes from tax - paying families .
Remember how you told me , " Only the richest of the rich will be affected " ?
Well , guess what , honey ?
Because we own a business , your grandmother and I are now considered to be ' the richest of the rich . '
On paper it might look that way , but in the real world we are far from it .
As you said while campaigning for Obama , some people will have to carry more of the burden so all of America can prosper .
You understand what that means , right ?
It means that raising taxes on productive people results in them having less money ; less money for everything , including granddaughters .
I 'm sorry , Ashley , but the well has run dry .
The free lunches are over .
I have no money to give you now .
So , congratulations on your choice for ' change . '
For future reference , I encourage you to try and add up the total value of the gifts and cash you have received from us just since you went off to college , and compare it to what you expect to get from Mr. Obama over the next four ( or eight ) years ..
I have not kept track of it , Ashley .
It has all truly been the gift of our hearts .
Remember , we love you dearly .... but from now on you 'll need to call the number mentioned above .
Your ' savior ' has the money we would have given to you .
Just try and get it from him .
Good luck , sweetheart .
Love , Grandpa .
( Response from a Ron Paul supporter Mike ) : I was actually enjoying reading this until I got to the part that implied things would be different if we had chosen the other branch of the tyranny party or the other wing of the bird of prey .
Naivety reins supreme .
( Response from Ron Paul Supporter Theresa ) : Mike ,
You hit it the target !
Grandpa and Ashley both voted wrong .
Grandpa does n't know it but CFR member John McCain was going to implement the same policies as Obama because most of these policies were already discussed and planned by globalist think tanks long before these men thought about running for POTUS .
Different cover , same policies ...
If professed loyal Republicans would just understand this , they would not be walking into yet another bear trap .
I suppose Grandpa will vote for a Rick Perry / Sarah Palin type ticket and swear up and down that the country will do better and all will be fine .
Then Ashly will be wondering , " Well what is the difference " ?
I wonder if Grandpa thought all was well under Bush and all the Republicans who voted for the biggest theft to ever take place in this country ?
How sad ; Grandpa and Ashly are misguided like millions of U.S. citizens , even with the so - called " awakening " .
I will say this until I am blue in the face ( purple since I 'm black ) people MUST get off of these party and ideological loyalty kicks .
Think outside of the box !
Get off of the left / right paradigm slave plantation .
Think a little , research and listen to different points of view .
Stop being confined to one train of thought .
I know Grandpa is probably sitting in front of the tube gloating over the sudden epiphany of Fox News that WOW We 're in Global Government .
In fact , this is the kind of letter that some of the talk show hosts use as a part of the propaganda to persuade their viewers to support the Republican Party for better or worst .
I 'm sad for both Grandpa and Ashly for allowing themselves to be controlled by two opposing political parties who are on the same side .
Mike " The trade of governing has always been monopolized by the most ignorant and the most rascally individuals of mankind " ...
Thomas Paine
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Vispetti said on 11/14/2009 @ 7:00 am PT ...
Please google the following documentaries and watch them : - Endgame
- ObamaDeception
- Fall of the Republic This documentarian , Alex Jones , has been calling it straight during the Bush and Clinton administrations .
He can be counted on as being fair now that he is reporting on Obama .
He has put together a plethora of documentaries warning Americans about the current Police State , martial law , bank takeover and now the latest corruption .
Right now he is going after the policies of the current administration but if you research his past comments , he has been just as rigid with Bush .
I can't say that for the so - called conservative mainstream media .
Please take a look at what he is discussing .
He is n't being beat up by the conservative and left media for no reason .
Go to : infowars.com infowars.com
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 11/16/2009 @ 10:19 am PT ...
" Olbermann is working towards getting O'Reilly and Beck kicked off the air ... "
Your disgusting response : " Good !... I 'm delighted to hear it .... "
With that hypocritical quote , you have once again demonstrated what I have been saying for years :
The radical left does not believe in freedom of speech .
They only believe in freedom of THEIR speech .
Get this truth straight , now and for all time : Neither you or Keith Olbermann or anybody else from the radical left will kick Bill O'Reilly , Glenn Beck , Sean Hannity , or anybody else off the air .
We wo n't let that take place - no how , no way .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/16/2009 @ 11:13 am PT ...
Um , Damail , perhaps you 're unfamiliar with the First Amendment you 're trying to support here ?
You may wish to go read it .
It has to do with the GOVERNMENT infringing upon free speech .
Last I checked , Keith Olbermann was n't the government .
That said , I 'm sure your track record of condemning your wingnut brethren for " working towards getting " Dan Rather " kicked off the air " is equally as virulent , right ?
Feel free to point us to your postings condemning that campaign as " disgusting " and " hypocritical " , k ?
We 'll be waiting .
( And waiting . )
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Vispetti said on 11/16/2009 @ 4:45 pm PT ...
Damail , Fox News , CNN , MSNBC and the other major mainstream media networks are the same .
They are run by globalists who have set the course for this country decades ago .
People like myself have been talking about this for a long time .
Do n't gloat over the O'Reillys and Hannitys of the world .
They are doing very well financially while all the time disseminating government propanda .
They are the controlled opposition to the left media networks but both represent the very same people who are working against our best interest .
Fox , as well as the liberal media are pushing the same Green initiatives .
The owner , Rupert Murdoch , is a member of the same CFR that dominates the Obama administration .
Fox is a wolf in sheeps ' clothing .
At least the liberal media are honest about their love for socialism and heavy handed government control ;
Fox pretends to be patriotic while all the time following the same policies .
Anyone seeking real change to save our Republic would turn off mainstream media and begin checking into the true alternative media who are breaking through the false left / right paradigm .
Basically the so - called conservative and liberal media are in place to keep people confined to their left and right boxes .
Anyone who thinks outside of that paradigm are considered weird and strange .
Fox does not represent the true patriot community !
That is exactly why we 're all in the perdicament we are in today .
When Bush was president , Fox failed to speak out against the unpatriotic and unconstitutional bills passed .
They neither addressed the high crimes .
The liberal media did condemn that administration but now they wo n't speak out against Obama 's attack on our freedoms .
He expanded the Bush 's Patriot Act and wars .
There is hypocrisy on both sides of the pendulum .
This country is divided because of all of these media networks .
There is way too many mixed messages and mostly outright deception .
They are in position to create an illusion that we have a real fight amongst each other when the truth is that all of us in this blog should be standing fighting side by side against the central banks who rob and enslave us .
I do n't mean to be harsh but I want people to feel some conviction about how they worship these media personalities who have done nothing but engaged in left / right fights and failed to inform the viewers properly .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 11/16/2009 @ 7:56 pm PT ...
Another apology update : Not only has Sean Hannity apologized , but so has MSNBC's Dylan Ratigan .
He apologized for using the fake Palin photos .
And I give him credit for that .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/16/2009 @ 10:19 pm PT ...
Glad to hear it .
Is there reason to believe it was done in order to deceive viewers , as was obviously the case with Hannity ?
If so , I hope that whoever did it gets fired , as with Hannity ( where nobody will ever be held accountable because IOKIYAR ) .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... A Brit said on 11/17/2009 @ 9:58 am PT ...
" Sorry , videos are not currently available in your country . "
Unfortunately , your video provider sucks .
Kind of makes it hard for us outside the States ( and are interested in it ) to understand what 's going on .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 11/17/2009 @ 9:13 pm PT ...
Samoa is famous for its traditional tattoo .
Samoans call it Pe'a .
Tradition of Samoan tattoo is more than 2000 years old .
According to an ancient Samoan legend the tattoo making was introduced to Samoans by Taema and Tilafaiga .
They were two daughters of the Samoan king Tui Manu'a .
English word Tattoo derives from Samoan „ Tatau “ ( meaning " to hit or strike ( ta ) with the au ( tool ) " ) .
There is a traditional Samoans belief that the pain of the Pe ’a is sort of compensation for the pain woman suffers during child birth .
Samoans say " Fanau le teine fana fanau , fanau le tama le tatau " or in English " If a girl is born it must bear the pain of birth , if a boy is born it must bear the pain of tatau " .
Before the arrival of Christian missionaries around 1830 all men of Samoa had traditional tattoo .
Because of their influence only chiefs ' sons were tattooed .
Nowadays there is strong revival of Pe'a among both men and women .
Pe'a is being etched on to a human body in the traditional way by Tafuga ( tattoo artist ) .
The skill of tattooing is often passed from father to son .
Tools used by Tafuga have not been changed a lot since the beginning of tradition .
Au is a tool made from a short piece of bamboo or some other light wood and a small piece of turtle shell .
There is a comb attached to this .
The comb is made from boar 's teeth , sharpened bone or even sharks teeth .
Tafuga dips the comb in a special black ink .
The ink is made from the soot of burnt candlenut shells that is mixed with some coconut oil into a smooth paste .
The second tool used in traditional Samoan tattooing is a stick which serves as kind of small mallet .
It is used to constantly tap the ink soaked Au .
That way Au pierces the surface of the skin .
Traditional Samoan tattooing is a painful process .
With breaks
It often lasts for several days or even weeks .
Because of all the pain person being tattooed has constant assistance , both physical and spiritual .
The tattoo starts from the lower back and reaches the ribcage underneath of the armpits .
A samoan tattoo also covers the whole buttocks and sides of the torso and moves over the groin area .
It spreads completely over both thighs until it reaches to the back of the knees and over the front of the knees .
When completed Samoan tattoo covers 65 % of the body .
It takes up to 3 months to finish such a tattoo .
Healing process is much longer .
It lasts up to a year .
Tattoo designs today have changed a bit .
They still include the traditional geometric lines of different lengths and sizes like for example togitogi ( dots ) or fa'a 'upega ( net - like structure ) .
But there are also some freehand symbols like for example the kava bowl symbolizing hospitality ; the Samoan house or fale symbolizing kinship ; elements of nature — shells , fish , birds , waves , centipedes etc .
Full Frame features photo essays and conversations with photographers in the field .
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa — Umkhonto We Sizwe ( Spear of the Nation in Zulu ) was the armed wing of the African National Congress and played a key part in the struggle against apartheid .
Nelson Mandela was a founder in 1961 of the Umkhonto We Sizwe , popularly known as MK .
The group offered an armed alternative to the peaceful , political protesting that it thought had not done enough to end apartheid .
From its beginning , MK operated underground to protect members , as much as possible , from arrests by apartheid agents .
For most of its history , MK used violence against strategic installations of apartheid such as police stations and army offices and avoided as much as possible human casualties , especially the lives of civilians .
But it slowly evolved into a sophisticated , multi-faceted insurgency by the 1980s .
It was a complex organization complete with a special - forces unit that infiltrated the government , student militias that mobilized at the universities and self - defense troops that protected the townships .
As censorship laws and arrests increasingly silenced the leaders of the ANC , it was the subversive actions of the MK that were most visible and rallied the masses behind the fight for freedom .
On my first trip to South Africa to document the former anti-apartheid fighters , I focused exclusively on those whose dreams had not been fulfilled .
I tracked down soldiers who once believed that the promise of a democratic South Africa would bring them more comfortable lives and a brighter future , but whose reality had turned dark and bleak .
I met former MK soldiers who had once worked in intelligence and fought in combat , those who trained and lived in exile and also those who fought underground in South Africa in the 1970s and 1980s .
Many of the men I met were homeless , living with relatives or in small shacks erected in the yard of a friend ’s home or business .
They often suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and struggle with alcohol abuse .
They live in extreme poverty , like many South Africans , struggling to eat every day , to send their children to school and to pay for health care .
Take the case of Daniel Zakhele Maseko .
At the age of 14 , Maseko began to skip school , burn cars and help destroy white - owned business in Daveyton , the township where he grew up and still lives .
" By that time every youth was involved in something , " he explains .
But Maseko was n't in a gang .
He was part of the MK .
It was a dangerous existence and in time Maseko found himself homeless .
" Police were always coming to my home and I had no place to stay , " he said .
" My parents no longer felt OK about me being involved in politics . "
They sent him away , and he lived with fellow militias .
For five years he fought , and for five years he avoided detention by the authorities .
Then , in 1989 , as the pressure by authorities mounted , he went into exile and received formal training in Angola and Mozambique , neighboring countries that had overthrown the Portuguese colonial system and had pledged to help battle apartheid .
Maseko returned to South Africa in 1994 , in time to witness history with the inauguration of Nelson Mandela .
Maseko's side had triumphed , but he found himself ill prepared to build a life in the new South Africa .
He joined , but soon left the South African National Defense Force .
With no formal education and training , he has had trouble holding a job .
He 's turned to alcohol to heal his psychological scars and has spent time in prison .
Sitting in his small home he says : " Headwise , I 'm no more OK . "
These days , with time between him and his youthful exuberance for the struggle to overturn apartheid growing , Maseko wonders what was gained from his time in the MK .
The fight , he says , was bigger than one person , yet his sacrifice has never given him anything but hardship and sadness .
" Why was I politically active ?
If I was n't my life would n't be like this , " he said .
His pain became worse when he developed an eye infection that caused his eyelid to be sewn shut .
Soon after his wife took their children and left him .
As she walked out the door , she called him a worthless man with one eye who could not hold a job .
He currently lives alone , ostracized by his family .
" Things have not gone the way I thought they would ... I have no hope .
I have no happiness .
I am just waiting for the day that they bury me . "
The experiences of Maseko and other MK who are currently struggling do not tell the entire story of what has become of the former fighters over the past 15 years .
To be sure , there are ex-guerrillas who have thrived in business and politics and those who have taken advantage of government - sponsored training and job programs .
But their experiences do offer a glimpse of the reality of present day South Africa and the feeling of many that the promise they once felt is slipping through their fingers , leaving them with the reality of a hardscrabble life in the townships .
About the photographer :
David Rochkind was born in Detroit , Mich. , and graduated from the Unveristy of Michigan with a degree in sociology .
In 2002 he moved to Caracas , Venezuela , where he lived for six years until moving to Mexico City .
His pictures have appeared in The New York Times , The New York Times Magazine , Stern , Rolling Stone , Time , Newsweek and others .
In 2008 he was named as one of Photo District News ’ “ 30 New and Emerging Photographers to Watch . ”
David has also been recognized by the Magenta Foundation as well as the National Press Photographer ’s Association .
He has received grants from the International Reporting Project at Johns Hopkins University and the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting .
In addition to his ongoing project on South African Freedom Fighters , he is working on project titled " Heat , " which explores how the current violence and tension in Mexico is reshaping the contours of the Mexican society .
That 's a serious drop from April , which is when this video said we were at a mere five - year high .
If you 're apartment - hunting , time to renegotiate the rent .
This is right in line with my own economic indicators , which are based on Craigslist .
I 've noticed that nice apartments that used to go within a day or two now linger for weeks as landlords keep dropping the asking prices .
( Also , people are selling fine guitars at deep discounts .
Just in case through some miracle , you can actually afford one . )
I had expect some of the buzz over the summer to carry over into actual viewers .
Sadly I was mistaken and a cancellation is almost guaranteed .
Fox sucked with Dollhouse getting a measly 1.0 and it's lead - in Brothers also getting 1.0 .
Want me to put a positive spin of this ?
The lead - in sucked , a scifi movie Surrogates came out , Fox barely promoted the show , and perhaps the biggest one :
Fox renewed it for a second season .
Even with the horrible ratings last season , Fox still renewed the show .
We do n't know exactly what they were thinking , but all we can do is hope .
ABC did well with repeats of Flash Forward ( 1.5 ) , Modern Family ( 1.5 ) , and Cougar Town ( 1.5 )
To top that off , 20 /20 won to 10 PM timeslot with 2.3 .
NBC did ok with Law and Order only getting 1.3 , Dateline 1.5 , and The Jay Leno Fall getting 1.5 .
I 'm guessing this is the last season of Law and Order with the move to Friday .
CBS won the night as they usually do with Ghost Whisperer winning its timeslot with 2.2 , Medium with 2.1 , and Numb3rs getting 1.8 .
I was surprised so many people watched Medium , .
There are 2 possibilities .
Everyone who watched Medium on Mondays are NBC followed the show to CBS , or people that watched Ghost Whisperer liked Medium .
Either way , things are looking up for the show .
The CW was back in the dumps with Smallville getting 1.0 .
With The Beautiful Life getting canceled yesterday after only 2 episodes , I think it would be smart for the CW to put Smallville in that timeslot though they 've already scheduled a Melrose Place encore .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
BBC Sport 's Eddie Jordan believes Michael Schumacher will join Mercedes on a one - year contract in 2010 and says age wo n't be a barrier for the seven - time world champion .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Drywall is available in many different thicknesses : five eighths of an inch , half inch and three eighths of an inch .
The size of the boards can be four by eight feet , four by twelve feet or four by sixteen feet .
Professionals usually use four by twelve foot boards in order to cut down on hanging time and have fewer seems , but four by eight sheets are lighter and easier to handle , which makes them the choice of most do - it - yourselfers .
Cutting and Hanging Drywall
When hanging drywall , the sheets are attached to studs or ceiling joists with either screws or drywall nails .
Most professionals use screws and a screw gun for installation because they are less likely to become loose later and cause damage to the painted / papered finish .
When installing drywall , the heads of the screws / nails should be driven extra deep so that they leave a dimple or depression in the drywall board .
These dimples can later be hidden by covering them with joint compound and then sanding them to a smooth finish .
Drywall can be cut in many ways , but the quickest and easiest way to make long straight cuts is with a utility knife .
The procedure is simple : along the papered side of the board , use a T - square , chalk line or a length of 2x4 as a straight edge , then snap or draw your line .
Then , using the utility knife , score the line with the blade .
The board can then just be snapped along the seam .
To cut holes to accommodate switches , receptacles and fixtures , a drywall or keyhole saw is usually the best option .
Hanging Drywall
When both the walls and ceiling of a room are to be covered with drywall , it is always best to do the ceiling first .
This gets all of the harder work out of the way , and by hanging the ceiling first , the drywall boards on the walls will provide extra support for the ceiling .
The drywall hung on a ceiling is attached to exposed ceiling joists , but before it is put in place , cut outs for ceiling electrical fixtures must be measured and cut .
But that`s the easy part , getting it up there is the hard part .
But there is a solution .
By using a few pieces of 2x4 , you can make a simple brace to hold the drywall in place .
This brace is called a T - brace or a dead man .
Once you have it made , two people lift the sheet of drywall and the dead man can then be wedged between the floor and the ceiling , taking the place of the second person .
When hanging drywall on walls it is easier for one person to hang sheets vertically , but hanging the sheets horizontally will result in less waste and fewer seems .
Installing Corner Bead
Metal corner bead is installed on the outside corners and exposed edges of drywall to add protection .
The corner bead strips are perforated and can be either screwed or nailed in place .
They are then covered with joint compound and sanded for a smooth finish .
Applying Tape and Compound
For this step you will need compound ( mixable or premixed ) , a wide putty knife and paper drywall tape .
Seams :
When you are applying compound ( commonly referred to as mud ) it is best to work on one seam at a time .
When applying the first coat , spread the mud generously over the seam about 3 - 4 inches wide .
When the mud is in place , lay a strip of drywall tape on the mud making sure that the seam is completely covered .
Then , using the putty knife , work the tape down into the mud ( the tape should be set deep into the mud ) .
Next , smooth out the mud and gently feather it out and away from the edges of the tape .
Repeat this process with all seams .
Tape is not necessary when filling the dimples left by installing the screws / nails .
Just apply mud over the depression and smooth it out with your putty knife and leave it to dry .
Inside Corners : Run a line of mud down the inside corners .
Then measure a piece of tape that is long enough to reach floor to ceiling and fold it in half along down the center so the it will fit .
Work the tape into the mud as you did on the seams .
Allow the mud to dry completely before doing anything further .
Second Coat
When your first coat is completely dry , you can proceed with the second coat of mud .
Simply apply a second coat directly over the first , but make it twice as wide .
Do not use too much , as you will have to sand any excess off .
Final Coat
The third coat should be the final finish on the drywall .
Start by sanding the existing coats with a medium and then a fine grade sand paper until they feel smooth ( sanding blocks are perfect for this job ) .
After sanding , apply a thin coat of mud that is 10 - 12 inches wide and feather it out at the edges .
This extra wide strip and feathered edges makes it easier to hide the seams .
Cover all dimples with extra wide strokes and feather them out as well .
Sanding
After the third coat has completely dried , sand it out smooth with fine grade sand paper .
When everything has been sanded , it is time to get rid of all the dust and get ready to prime and paint the walls .
The CDC says the supply of flu vaccine in the US is increasing Swine flu has killed nearly 4,000 people in the US , including 540 children , officials said after devising a new counting method .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) said the new system is based on more precise figures provided by 10 states .
The previous estimated death toll from the H1N1 virus in the US was 672 .
Latest figures show about 22 million Americans contracted the virus in six months with some 98,000 hospitalised .
" This is just the first six months and I am expecting all of these numbers , unfortunately , to continue to rise , " said Dr Anne Schuchat of the CDC .
She said that , although still imprecise , the new statistics provide " a bigger picture of what has been going on in the first six months of the pandemic " .
The CDC now estimates that 3,900 people in the US have died from the virus in the past six months .
Four times higher Dr Schuchat said that in children under 18 , an estimated eight million have had swine flu , with 36,000 hospitalised and 540 deaths .
The new estimated death toll for children is four times higher than the previous estimate .
" We will be updating the toll that the pandemic has taken ... about every three to four weeks , " she said .
Dr Schuchat added that 41.6 million more doses of swine flu vaccine had been made available on Thursday for distribution around the country .
However , delivery remained far below initial estimates and expectations , she said .
The global death toll from the flu pandemic passed the 6,000 mark last week according to figures from the World Health Organization .
The virus emerged in Mexico in April and was declared a global flu pandemic on 11 June .
Cases are currently surging in the northern hemisphere with the onset of colder weather .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Michigan and California are likely to face a fresh round of budget woes when federal stimulus funds used as a fiscal crutch dry up , finance directors for the states said Friday .
Short - term budget gaps have battered states as revenues plummeted during the recession .
Aided by about $ 250 billion in funds from the stimulus package expected through the end of next year , states managed to close the gaps this year .
But both finance directors , speaking at a Pew Center on the States event in Washington , were pessimistic about their ...
From the American Trucking Association : ATA Truck Tonnage Index Slipped 0.3 Percent in September
Click on graph for slightly larger image in new window .
The American Trucking Associations ’ advance seasonally adjusted ( SA ) For -Hire Truck Tonnage Index decreased 0.3 percent in September , after increasing 2.1 percent in both July and August .
The latest decline lowered the SA index to 103.9 ( 2000=100 ) .
...
Compared with September 2008 , SA tonnage fell 7.3 percent , which was the best year - over - year showing since November 2008 .
In August , the index was down 7.5 percent from a year earlier .
ATA Chief Economist Bob Costello said that the latest reading fits with the premise that the recovery will be moderate and choppy .
“ The trucking industry should not be alarmed by the very small decrease in September , ” Costello noted .
“ We took two steps forward in July and August and this was a miniscule step backward . ”
He added that the industry should be prepared for ups and downs in the months ahead , but the general trend should be modest improvement .
...
Trucking serves as a barometer of the U.S. economy , representing nearly 69 percent of tonnage carried by all modes of domestic freight transportation , including manufactured and retail goods .
Trucks hauled 10.2 billion tons of freight in 2008 .
Motor carriers collected $ 660.3 billion , or 83.1 percent of total revenue earned by all transport modes .
Trucking has benefited from some inventory restocking , and exports - two key positive areas for the economy , however further growth will probably be " modest " and " choppy " until there is a pickup in domestic end demand .
Moving home is always a hassle , but for a monstrous Darwin crocodile it has caused more of a headache than usual .
It took a large truck , a crane and a forklift to move the 5.5 metre reptile from a commercial breeding pen in Darwin 's rural area to a new home at a crocodile - themed tourist venture in the centre of the CBD .
And why the move ?
Crocodile park owner , Mick Burns says the old croc was getting tired of the dating game .
" When they get older they get pretty cranky , " he said .
" And just because of the sheer size and power of the animal , there was a decrease in the fertility rate and an increase in the mortality .
" So it was time to move him on . "
Put simply , the beast , which is yet to be named , has been killing all its would - be female partners .
So park staff took on the massive task of moving him .
" We give the animal a sedative ; his eyes were covered , " Mr Burns explained .
" So we 've done all those as a preventative measure .
" He 'll come in here , he 'll get an antidote and he 'll just take his own time as he goes into the water . "
The relocated croc is a fraction bigger than the famous Sweetheart crocodile , which is on display at the Darwin museum , and one of the largest specimens to be kept in captivity .
It now has a studio pen in the heart of the city to inhabit all by itself .
But after heavy sedation , waking up to its new world is taking some time .
Cheating for a $ 20
Each year in my 500 - student principles class I gather a group of eight students and tell them that I will auction a $ 20 bill to the highest bidder .
If two or more students bid the same thing , the difference between $ 20 and their joint bid will be divided among the winning bidders .
They can collude to fix the price just like oligopolists who violate antitrust laws , but they must mark down their bids in secret .
Today seven of the students stuck to the collusive agreement , and each bid $.01 .
They figured they would split the $ 20 eight ways , netting $ 2.49 each .
Ashley , bless her heart , broke the agreement , bid $ 0.05 , and collected $ 19.95 .
The other 7 students booed her , but I got the class to join me in applauding her , as she was the only one who understood the game .
It showed that , even in a market like this one with very few players , collusion is difficult to maintain .
There are tremendous incentives for one or more parties to cheat and move the market toward a competitive outcome .
Unfortunately nobody has ever gone as high as the predicted equilibrium bid of $ 17.50 .
Monday , October 19 , 2009 | |
[ update : included a short demo video ]
Normal maps are standard .
It 's a great and simple technique to simulate three - dimensional surface structure and details on low polygon object .
Often it 's enough to have a static texture for that , but sometimes the surface changes in a way that can't be represented by joint moments or blendshapes , for example fine creases in cloth , wrinkles in skin and so on .
For these things it would be nice , to have different normal maps which could be blended together at runtime .
But how to do that ?
AREAS OF INFLUENCE
When trying to divide the wrinkles and creases in a human face into groups , which can be change more or less independently , we end up with something like this :
Forehead
Above eyebrows
Between the eyebrows
Around the eyes
Nose
Sides the mouth
Chin area
half blendLeft = inputA.r * maskA.g + inputA.b * maskA.b + (.. ) ;
half blendRight = inputA.g * maskA.g + inputA.a * maskA.b + (.. ) ;
half blendFinal = blendLeft * maskB.a + blendRight * ( 1 - maskB.a ) ;
half3 N = half3 ( normalMap.ar + creaseMap.ar * blendFinal - half 2( 0.5 * blendFinal ) , 1 ) ;
N = normalize ( N ) ;
This list could be divided into many more sections and some areas are missing , but I think these are the most important ones .
Most of them can be even asymmetrical , so we will probably end up with about 1 + 7 * 2 = 15 normal maps .
No way ...
But there 's a nice trick .
These creases occur perpendicular to the direction of movement .
And every part of the face has one main direction in which it moves :
The skin on the forehead moves up or down , never to the left or right .
Same with the skin at the outer side of the eyes or the mouth .
So for our seven independent crease areas above , there is not much overlapping .
Knowing this we can simply create on normal map which holdsdynamic creases and wrinkles and bulges and what not .
To access them individually at run time , we need to separate them via additional texture maps .
The number of texture maps required depends on how many different shapes we want to implement .
Each shapes takes one texture channel and one extra channel to be able to to split them into left / right : Seven + one fits perfectly into two textures .
I use two 256 maps ( 64 KB each ) , but I guess it would work with an even lower resolution .
Now for the shader part !
First we need our textures ( normalMap , creaseMap , blendMaskA , blendMaskB + all the other maps you may need ) and additionally we need some variables to control the influence of each crease area .
I use three float4's to pass this information to the shader .
In the pixel shader we sample each of the textures and then multiply each channel with the according control variable and add it up .
Something like that :
After that creaseNormal is multiplied by the blendFinal value and added to our regular normalMap .
Unfortunately normal maps can't be simply added , so I use this equation :
If you wonder what theis :
In my normal maps I store only the tangent and binormal , because this way DXT5 compression can be used without visible artifacts ( moving one channel to the alpha channel ) .
For my project I need to access the normal map multiple times in two different shaders ( n is the number of light used ) :- for the diffuse - light - baking : n+1 passes - for the specular part : n passes If for example two light sources affect the object , the whole normal - map - blending - thing would be calculated 5 (! ) times .
So I choose to prerender the normal map in and extra pass at the beginning of each frame .
Then a renderTexture is passed to my regular shaders , instead of the static normalMap .
Additionally this process can be further optimized .
The facial expression of a normal human being is not changing very often , only perhaps when the person is talking .
So this pre-rendering of the normal map can be triggered , if changes to the facial expression and with it the blend parameters are made .
If you have questions , feel free to leave a comment ! :)
Ever since it ’s launch Bing has been labelled ‘ decision engine ’ by Microsoft .
And go figure what Bing ’s recommendation is when you want to search the web … indeed , GOOGLE !
Related
( CNN ) -- Elizabeth Smart was not afraid to face Brian Mitchell in her first testimony detailing her 2002 abduction .
Elizabeth Smart , now 21 and in college , testified that Brian Mitchell raped her daily .
In fact , her father said , she wanted the man who allegedly kept her tethered to a tree in the Utah woods muzzled and forced to listen to her testimony .
Mitchell was in court Thursday for a competency hearing , but Smart never saw him because U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball ordered him removed from the court when he ignored requests to stop singing and disrupting the proceedings .
He watched via a closed - circuit camera from another room .
" She actually wanted to face him , " Ed Smart said .
" I think she asked [ U.S. Attorney Brett Tolman ] if he could be muzzled and have to sit there and watch it . "
Tolman , standing alongside Smart 's father after Thursday 's hearing in Salt Lake City , confirmed the 21 - year - old woman 's request : " She did ask me whether or not [ Mitchell ] got to see that testimony and hear that testimony , and I indicated to her , to her relief , that he was there in a room with the audio and video and had nothing else to do but listen . "
Mitchell is accused of abducting Smart from the bedroom of her Salt Lake City , Utah , home in June 2002 .
She testified that she was kept captive in Utah and California until March 2003 , when she was found walking down a street in Sandy , Utah , with Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Barzee .
Smart said that , during those nine months , no 24 - hour period passed without Mitchell being able to rape her .
Public defender Robert Steele says Mitchell is mentally ill , but Tolman said he believes that Mitchell " has attempted to fool or to deceive the system . "
Do n't Miss KSL : Local coverage
Ed Smart said he hopes his daughter 's testimony nixes the notion that Mitchell cannot stand trial , " and if this does n't clinch the issue of competency , our nation is in really , really bad shape , because it means that anyone out there can manipulate and make the court do what it wants . "
Watch Smart 's father talk about the hearing »
Mitchell and Barzee are charged with six felony counts , including aggravated burglary , aggravated kidnapping and aggravated sexual assault .
Smart 's testimony began with details of how she was abducted at knife point while she slept next to her sister .
She was 14 at the time .
She said Mitchell took her to a wooded area not far from her home , performed a marriage ceremony and began raping her .
Mitchell often sang about his intentions , she testified : " He would come up the mountainside , yelling , ' I 'm going to [ expletive ] your eyes out . ' "
Mitchell also threatened to kill her if she tried to escape , Smart said .
" He said an angel would strike me down with a sword , " she said , " but he also told me that he would be that angel . "
Mitchell gave her drugs and alcohol , showed her pornography and used religion to justify most of his actions , she testified .
He also said he was God 's servant , a prophet , and would one day face and kill the Antichrist , she said .
On one occasion , Smart said , she vomited after Mitchell gave her too much to drink .
" He let me lie face - down in my vomit for the entire night until I woke up the next day , " she told the court .
" He said that was showing my true state , that I was laying face - down in my vomit . "
That morning illustrated a recurring theme , she said , explaining that Mitchell often rationalized his actions by saying they would ultimately yield greater spirituality .
" He said that first I had to be humbled and to sink below all things before arising above all things , " she recalled .
" You have to experience the lowest form of humanity to experience the highest . "
Smart , now a Brigham Young University student and a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , described Mitchell as " evil , wicked , manipulative , sneaky , slimy , selfish , greedy , not spiritual , not religious , not close to God . "
During her nine months in captivity , Mitchell kept her in Utah until the winter approached , at which point he transported her to San Diego , California , she said .
It 's unclear when they returned to Utah , but Elizabeth Smart testified that she convinced Mitchell that they should hitchhike back to Salt Lake City .
She told the court her ulterior motive was to return to an area where she more easily could be recognized and rescued .
While in Utah , Mitchell kept her confined with a cable attached to her leg , she said .
The 10 - foot tether was locked on to another cable that was 15 to 20 feet long .
" He had a big cable bolted onto my leg , which was strung between two trees , and there was a lock that would slide between the two trees , " she said .
" He had the key around his neck the entire time . "
Asked how often she was raped , she replied , " On a daily basis , up to three or four times . "
She resisted his advances several times , she said , once biting him as he tried to have sex with her .
" He said that if I ever did that again , he would never have sex with me again , and I would be the most miserable woman in the world , " she said .
" It did n't make a difference that he said that .
I mean , it did n't stop him . "
After the hearing , Ed Smart said he was " amazed at her strength " and " I do n't know how she could have done a better job . "
Asked about his daughter 's reaction following her testimony , he said , " Phew , it 's over . "
He bordered on tears when asked whether he had learned anything Thursday about his daughter 's abduction .
" There were certainly a lot of things that I had never heard before , and I had no idea what she had gone through -- so much out there , " he said .
Prosecutor Tolman said Smart's " powerful " testimony demonstrated that Mitchell was manipulative and inclined to be deceptive , but defense attorney Steele said Mitchell 's guile did not negate his mental illness .
" Those things can exist side by side : manipulativeness and mental illness , " he said .
Smart testified Thursday because she is scheduled to leave soon on a mission , customary of the Mormon religion .
The prosecution plans to call dozens of witnesses when the competency hearing continues at the end of November , Tolman said .
Included are people who have been incarcerated with Mitchell , he said .
" The battle is not over .
This is the very beginning of it , " he said .
Asked whether he would be willing to accept a plea bargain , Tolman said there was no indication that one was imminent .
" We 're inclined to prosecute this case vigorously and present it to a jury , " he said .
All About Elizabeth Smart • Kidnapping • Sexual Offenses
According to this Aero - News .
Net piece , Sikorsky ’s Chinese partner has just produced its first S - 76 airframe .
This is one of the most sophisticated American - designed products , a helicopter that costs close to $ 12 million and faces little competition due to engineering and regulatory barriers .
For the past 30 years it has been produced exclusively in the U.S.
The Chinese announcement comes on the heels of Sikorsky ’s major investments in Poland , where factories are producing Blackhawk helicopters for the U.S. Army ( more ) .
I ’m wondering whether Sikorsky ’s offshore expansion should make us think a little harder about what it will take to restore our manufacturing economy .
Rust Belt states have millions of surplus workers .
A Sikorsky helicopter faces less competition than almost anything else that we make and labor costs are a relatively small part of its retail price .
Sikorsky ’s manufacturing operations are subject to FAA regulation , which is easier to deal with when nobody has to get on a plane to Asia or Europe .
If Sikorsky does not want to set up shop in Michigan or Indiana , or expand its existing operations in Connecticut and Florida , why would we expect any other manufacturer to do so ?
An alternative statement of the same facts would start with the observation that an American is unemployed when no company believes that , in the current regulatory and tax environment , it is possible to hire that person and make a profit .
The American will become employed when he or she gets more education and skills , when the regulations and tax rates change , or when the global economy booms so much that every qualified worker in a foreign country has already been hired .
Our government is not doing anything significant with education .
Our government is making the regulatory and tax environment harsher for business .
Thus we can infer that the government is counting on a global economic boom and an exhaustion of the supply of workers in other countries , which effectively means that whether or not the U.S. employment situation improves is primarily controlled by foreigners .
[ A second example is EMC choosing to invest $ 1.5B in India rather than near its headquarters in Massachusetts ( press release ) . ]
Instant Expert : Dark Flow Revealed
The Big Question :
Why are galaxies moving toward the same point , as if pulled by an unknown force ?
Will President Obama Issue Posthumous Pardon for Nation 's First Black Boxing Champ ?
Lawmakers push to clear Jack Johnson nearly a century after his conviction .
Oct. 21 , 2009  -- President Obama has the opportunity to lift the legacy of the nation 's first African - American heavyweight boxing champion , Jack Johnson , off of the canvas .
Johnson held the prestigious heavyweight title for nearly seven years , but the toughest punch he took may have come from the nation 's justice system .
Nearly a century ago , Johnson was sentenced to prison for his public affairs with white women , but his biggest crime may in fact have been his years of dominance in the ring against white men .
Sen . John McCain , R - Ariz. , and Rep. Peter King , R - N.Y. , have led the effort in Congress to get a posthumous pardon for Johnson , who they say was railroaded by racism and jealousy over his athletic prowess .
The two boxing enthusiasts have worked together for several years to get a resolution supporting a pardon for Johnson .
This year , for the first time , the measure passed both the House and Senate .
Now the decision rests with Obama .
The White House declined to comment on the Johnson issue , saying it does not comment on any pardon requests , but McCain said he is confident that eventually Obama will issue the pardon .
" It was a miscarriage of justice and one that deserves to be corrected , " McCain told ABC News .
" It was a stain on our national honor . "
King echoed that sentiment .
" This is long overdue , " King told ABC News .
" We can rectify that and we should rectify that . "
The resolution states Johnson should receive a posthumous pardon " to expunge a racially motivated abuse " by the justice system from the " annals of criminal justice in the United States . "
It says that the charges against Johnson were brought up " clearly to keep him away from the boxing ring where he continued to defeat his white opponents . "
" A terrible wrong was done to him , " King said .
" He was unjustly prosecuted , unjustly convicted .
He was basically destroyed at the height of his career . "
Jack Johnson 's Dominance in Ring Spurred Search for " Great White Hope "
Johnson was a lightning rod for controversy , with his flamboyant style , his years of dominance in the boxing ring and his open courting of white women at a time when that was seen as taboo for an African - American man .
Johnson became the first African - American to win boxing 's heavyweight crown on Dec. 26 , 1908 -- a century before Obama 's election as the nation 's first black president and nearly 40 years before Jackie Robinson broke the color barrier in Major League Baseball .
Johnson 's record in the ring against his mostly white opponents spurred a furious search for a " Great White Hope . "
For years Johnson sought a fight with James Jeffries , a hulking white boxer who reigned as heavyweight champion for nearly six years .
Jeffries left the sport rather than face Johnson and risk losing , but later he was convinced to come out of retirement and step into the ring for the ultimate showdown .
The Johnson - Jeffries fight , on July 4 , 1910 in Reno , Nev. , was deemed the " Battle of the Century , " two titans of the sport fighting with not just a title on the line , but significant racial issues as well .
" I am going into this fight for the sole purpose of proving that a white man is better than a Negro , " Jeffries said before the fight .
But Johnson prevailed over Jeffries in the 15 - round fight .
His victory sparked deadly race riots and violence across the nation and further fueled the hostility directed at Johnson .
Johnson Sentenced to Prison for Relationship With White Women
In 1910 , Congress passed the Mann Act , which made it unlawful to transport women across state lines " for the purpose of prostitution , debauchery , or for any other immoral purpose . "
The bill was aimed at cracking down on prostitution , but some believe it was used against Johnson as retribution for his success in the ring and his lifestyle .
Law enforcement authorities first targeted Johnson 's relationship with a white woman named Lucille Cameron , but the two got married and she refused to cooperate with the investigation .
Another former lover of Johnson's , a white woman named Belle Schreiber , came forward to testify against him .
Based on her testimony , Johnson was convicted in 1913 of violating the Mann Act but fled to France before he was sentenced in order to avoid punishment .
Johnson 's story was chronicled in Ken Burns ' 2005 documentary " Unforgiveable Blackness : The Rise and Fall of Jack Johnson . "
According to the documentary , the prosecutor in the case said after the verdict that Johnson was made into a scapegoat .
" This Negro , in the eyes of many , has been persecuted .
Perhaps as an individual he was .
But it was his misfortune to be the foremost example of the evil in permitting the intermarriage of whites and blacks , " the prosecutor said .
His reign as heavyweight champion came to an end when he lost to a white boxer , Jess Willard , in a fight in Cuba in 1915 .
He returned to the United States in 1920 to surrender to authorities and served 10 months in prison .
Johnson tried to resuscitate his boxing career but he never regained his crown .
The former champion was killed in a car accident in North Carolina in 1946 at the age of 68 .
McCain , King Push White House to Act on Pardon
In April , McCain and King appeared with three of Johnson 's relatives to announce their resolution urging a presidential pardon .
" We need to erase this act of racism which sent an American citizen to prison on a trumped - up charge , " McCain said that day .
" I have great confidence this president will be more than eager to sign this legislation and pardon Jack Johnson . "
In their letter to the president last Friday , McCain and King asked Obama to " right this wrong and erase an act of racism that sent an American citizen to prison . "
The two lawmakers note that it is their second letter to the president asking him to consider Congress ' request for a pardon .
" Regrettably , we have not received a response from you or any member of your administration , " they wrote .
Both McCain and King told ABC News Tuesday that they have not yet heard from the White House on the issue .
" We 're not upset about it or unhappy about it .
We know the president 's very busy , " McCain said .
King said he understood that Obama has a lot on his plate , but thinks this is an issue that could bring people together .
" I do n't want to sound critical because he does have Afghanistan .
I do n't want to be saying , ' Hey , it 's more important to be pardoning Jack Johnson than deciding on Afghanistan , " King said .
" On the other hand I do think President Obama can do both things . "
Both McCain and King noted the significance of a presidential pardon for Johnson .
It would show " that America 's come a long way and that Americans , even though it takes us way , way , way too long , are willing to do what we can to correct injustices that were committed on any of our citizens , " McCain said .
After Bill O'Reilly only shows the portion of The Daily Show clip where Jon Stewart curses at Bernard Goldberg rather than Stewart 's entire response to Goldberg saying that " liberals do n't have five kids -- one of them has Down Syndrome - - liberals certainly do n't allow that to happen " .
Goldberg responded :
Who do you think is more likely to willingly and knowingly have a baby with Down Syndrome , a pro-choice woman or a pro-life woman ; a woman for whom religion is n't terribly important or a woman for whom religion is important ; a liberal woman or a conservative woman ?
The odds are that it 's the pro-life , religious conservative woman that would make such a compassionate decision and the reason , the reason he 's so upset is because he like most liberals think they have a monopoly on compassion and she shows that they do n't .
Oh yeah , that ’s entirely different Bernie .
And nice hatchet job on editing the Daily Show segment O’Reilly or your audience would have known Stewart actually had a substantive response to Goldberg that made what he said tonight look just as stupid -- not that it was really any different from what he said in the previous show .
The former head of U.S. Customs and Border Protection called Monday for the U.S. to reinstitute the ban on assault weapons and take other measures to rein in the war between Mexico and its drug cartels , saying the violence has the potential to bring down legitimate rule in that country .
Former CBP Commissioner Robert C. Bonner also called for the United States to more aggressively investigate U.S. gun sellers and tighten security along its side of the border , describing the situation as “ critical ” to the safety of people in both countries , whether they live near the border or not .
Mexico , for its part , needs to reduce official corruption and organize its forces along the lines the U.S. does , such as a specialized border patrol and a customs agency with a broader mandate than monitoring trade , Mr. Bonner said in an exchange of e-mails .
“ Border security is especially important to breaking the power and influence of the Mexican - based trafficking organizations , ” Mr. Bonner said .
“ Despite vigorous efforts by both governments , huge volumes of illegal drugs still cross from Mexico .
“ In turn , large quantities of weapons and cash generated from illegal drug sales flow south into Mexico , which makes these criminal organizations more powerful and able to corrupt government institutions , ” he said .
Mr. Bonner , a former federal judge who also headed the U.S. Customs Service and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) under the Republican administrations of Presidents George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush , said the still - raging battle “ will determine who controls the legitimate institutions of government . ”
“ While better border law enforcement and interdiction of drugs , weapons and cash will not alone defeat the drug cartels , these steps , as part of a larger strategy , can and will weaken them and make it easier for the Mexican government to destroy them - just as was done over a decade ago with the destruction of the Medellin and Cali cartels in Colombia , ” Mr. Bonner said .
“ But successful efforts will require closer collaboration between U.S. and Mexican border law enforcement agencies , and this will depend on strengthening law enforcement capacity in the border region , including enhancing the professionalism of enforcement agencies to make them more corruption - resistant , ” he said .
President Obama has described ongoing efforts to secure the U.S. - Mexico border as “ vital to core U.S. national interests . ”
He has expressed his concern over the increased level of violence and the impact it is having on communities on both sides of the border .
Under the Merida Initiative — a security agreement including the U.S. , Mexico and the countries of Central America to combat drug trafficking , transnational crime and money laundering — the United States is investing $ 700 million on law enforcement and judicial capacity to improve border security and reduce the illegal flow of guns and drugs across the border .
The Department of Homeland Security , under the Secure Fence Act , is building the necessary infrastructure to deter and prevent illegal entry on the Southwest border , including pedestrian and vehicle fencing , roads and technology .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano has said that gaining effective control of the nations borders is a “ critical element of national security . ”
An armed conflict between the Mexican government and the drug cartels in that country , who now control almost all of the illicit narcotics trade in the U.S. , has raged since 2006 .
The U.S. Justice Department has described the Mexican cartels as the greatest organized crime threat to the U.S .
The Mexican government has estimated that 1,000 federal forces , police and prosecutors have been killed since 2006 and that civilian deaths during that same period have topped 15,600 .
Mr. Bonner , now in private law practice in Los Angeles , said that better border security will require both countries to align the structures of their border agencies to make them better able to work together .
Citing a recent report by the joint task force of the Pacific Council on International Policy and COMEXI , the Mexican Council on Foreign Relations , Mr. Bonner said Mexicos success depends on how effectively both nations manage their shared border .
He said :
• Mexico should strengthen its customs agency by converting it to a multifunctional agency capable of addressing security threats , such as cross - border smuggling of weapons and cash - a move the Mexican government has begun .
• Mexico should move toward restructuring its law enforcement institutions along the border to create a direct counterpart to CBP , which was created after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks to unify border enforcement authorities .
• Mexico should establish a Mexican federal frontier police , dedicated to securing the areas between Mexicos ports of entry - much as the U.S. Border Patrol does for the United States .
“ Organizational changes are not enough , however , ” Mr. Bonner said .
“ The United States also needs to intensify its efforts to curtail the smuggling of firearms and cash into Mexico . ”
He said some studies have shown that many of the weapons obtained by Mexican drug traffickers come from the U.S. , and much of their funding comes from U.S. drug sales .
He called for U.S. authorities to begin more aggressive investigations of U.S. gun sellers and to reinstitute the ban on assault weapons .
The federal assault weapons ban was passed on Sept. 13 , 1994 , during the Clinton administration and prohibited the sale to civilians of certain semi-automatic firearms , so - called assault weapons .
The law expired on Sept. 13 , 2004 , and an effort by Sen. Dianne Feinstein , California Democrat , to extend it for another 10 years was defeated 80 - 9 .
At least three other efforts to pass new legislation banning the weapons have not been successful .
In February , Attorney General Eric H. Holder , Jr. said the ban should be reinstated , but Mr. Obama has since said he would not push its reinstatement even though it “ made sense . ”
Mr. Bonner also said the U.S. should expand assistance beyond the Merida Initiative and focus on helping Mexico strengthen its law enforcement capacity at the federal and state levels , reducing its vulnerability to corruption or “ bribe or bullet ” intimidation by the cartels .
“ The border is not just about security , ” Mr. Bonner said .
“ We must also make the border more efficient for lawful travel and trade ….
This goal is achievable - while actually improving security — by adding infrastructure and resources , modern detection technologies and intelligent risk - management strategies enabling us to facilitate low - risk trade and travel while more effectively identifying high - risk vehicles , cargo and travelers for additional screening . ”
The joint Pacific Council on International Policy and COMEXI task force recommended , among other things , that both nations adequately staff ports of entry , saying staffing shortfalls should never contribute to bottlenecks .
It also said that both nations should expand existing ports of entry and build new ones , encourage partnerships between the public and private sectors to help accomplish this , and streamline the border - crossing approval processes .
“ It is time to tackle these problems and improve our shared border .
These are bold recommendations to be sure , but they are achievable , ” he said .
“ And they will have profoundly positive benefits for both the United States and Mexico . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
In the nine - plus years that Pelago has been designing and developing web sites and web - based applications , we ’ve been asked more than once to sign a Non Disclosure Agreement ( NDA ) before putting together an estimate .
Whether they are trying to protect a business process or an idea , the client usually has a genuine concern for keeping information private .
Given the client ’s good intentions , why do n’t we sign NDAs ?
We have a few good reasons …
The client ’s idea is rarely unique
There is a big difference between having a unique idea and being first to market .
The prospective clients we ’ve met with in the past have always fallen into the latter category .
For example we ’ve heard several pitches that involve launching a social network for people who are in to “ fill - in - the - blank . ”
Creating a social network is not a unique idea , nor is building one for a given subculture .
First to market may gain a startup some points with their target market , but in the long run it ’s going to be the quality and marketing of the social network that maks a successful startup .
Using an NDA for web developers are not going to stop competitors from besting one another .
It takes a lot of effort to copy an idea
The second most concern we ’ve heard from prospective clients is that someone is going to copy their idea if it is leaked .
Aside from the first point I made above , it takes a lot of work to start a company .
It takes a lot more than just an idea .
Most startups invest an inconceivable amount of time , money and resources in turning an idea into a working web site or web - based application .
If devoted to an idea , a startup is going to be light years ahead of anyone trying to copy them .
They ’ll have developed business processes and intellectual property which are difficult to duplicate .
As a web design and development agency , we have our own clients and products to focus on .
We hardly have the time to copy an idea , much less share it with others .
What if we ’ve already seen your idea ?
We have developed over 300 web sites and web - based applications for over 100 clients .
We ’ve seen a lot of ideas .
In fact , we ’ve even seem the exact same idea , several times , from two different prospective clients , and only a few months apart .
Had we signed a Non Disclosure Agreement for web development with one , we could have potentially been in hot water with the other .
And simply because we listened to their idea ?
No , thanks .
In fact , web designers and developers stand to benefit by NOT signing NDAs .
Without shackles on our creative processes we can specialize in a given industry .
We can become specialists not only in web design and development , but within a target market where we can share our expertise with our clients .
Often times a client will still decide to work with you without a Non Disclosure Agreement for website development in place .
Just be sure to hold your ground .
It may not seem like a big deal at the time , but the NDA could get you in trouble down the road .
What happens if a past client decides another client infringed on their intellectual property rights and your web design and development agency is the only common denominator between the two ?
If the client refuses to work with you without an NDA in place , walk away .
It ’s the best advice we can give .
Not everybody loved Pirates of the Caribbean .
( submitted by Laura )
The compiler is often very clever about speeding up some common operations in C ( with how they might appear in assembler ) , in a way that might at first appear a bit non-obvious .
With a bit of practice , you can train yourself to quickly identify these optimizations and see what they really do .
These kinds of optimizations are very common with constant values .
With many of these little “ assembly tricks ” , the compiler is not simply taking into account instruction speed , but also instruction size , in order to reduce the total amount of opcode bytes required to do an optimization .
This post series attempts to provide a basic overview ( and rationale ) of several of the most common compiler optimizations that you might see while analyzing x86 assembly code .
Knowing what these “ assembly tricks ” do is a great benefit if you are debugging or reverse engineering something , as it allows one to quickly recognize certain compiler patterns and gain clues as to what a program is doing .
Without further ado , here ’s a brief overview of several of these such optimizations :
Clearing a register value by xor reg , reg is a very common sequence in x86 code generated by a compiler .
You will almost never see an instruction of the form mov reg , 0 .
Instead , the compiler will virtually always use the above - mentioned xor construct .
The reasoning behind this is that the xor reg , reg construct is a very small instruction in terms of opcode bytes ( 2 bytes ) , whereas assigning a constant 32 - bit value is typically much more expensive in terms of opcode length ( say , 5 bytes ) .
The gain with this optimization is reduced code size .
Reducing code size is always good , and can lead to improved performance in that it improves the cacheability of a particular chunk of code ( remember , most processor cache sizes are still very small compared to main system memory or hard drives ) .
Also , if the compiler can shrink down the total image size by even one page ( e.g. 4096 bytes ) with optimizations like this , that ’s one less page fault that needs to be taken when loading the program .
This can be noticible even in lengths less than a page , if a function can be kept within one page instead of spilling over to a neighboring page ( which might not be used for the current code path ) , which can eliminate “ extraneous ” page faults , where most of the data brought in is unnecessary .
( It ’s worth noting that this sort of optimization has come a long way recently , in the form of profile - guided BBT - style optimizations that reorder “ hot ” code paths to be on the same page in an attempt to make every byte that is in - paged from disk be as relevant as possible to the current execution path . )
The constant zero register another very common optimization technique used by the compiler .
Since the value zero appears so frequently in many functions ( e.g. default parameter values are typically zero , and it is very common to compare values against zero or assign values to zero ) , the compiler will sometimes dedicate an entire register to contain the value zero throughout most of the function .
Here ’s an example , taken from nt !
MmZeroPageThread : xor esi , esi cmp [ ebp+var_14 ] , esi [...] push esi ; WaitBlockArray push esi ; Timeout push esi ; Alertable push esi ; WaitMode push 8 ; WaitReason xor ebx , ebx inc ebx push ebx ; WaitType lea eax , [ ebp + Object ] push eax ; Object push 2 ; Count call _KeWaitForMultipleObjects@32
Here , the compiler has dedicated the “ esi ” register to be the constant zero value for this function .
It is used in many cases ; in just a small part of nt !
MmZeroPageThread , for instance , we can see that it is being used as both an argument to the “ cmp ” instruction for a test against constant zero , and we can also see it being used to fill many constant zero parameter values for a call to KeWaitForMultipleObjects .
The gain from using a constant zero register is typically reduced code size .
In x86 , in many cases , it takes less opcode bytes to assign or compare a value to a register than to an immediate constant operand .
The compiler takes advantage of this fact by only “ paying the price ” for referencing the value zero in an immediate operand for an instruction once , by storing it into a register .
Then , the compiler can simply refer to that register for smaller overall code size if references to constant zero are common enough .
For example , in the above code fragment , the compiler saves one opcode byte per push esi instruction over doing a push 0 instruction .
Fast multiplication or addition with the lea instruction is another fairly common optimization that one is likely to run into frequently .
The lea instruction ( load effective address ) was originally intended for use with pointer math , but it also turns out to be quite useful for doing fast constant math on non-pointer values as well , in part due to the wide range of operations that can be done with this instruction .
Consider the following code fragment : mov eax , [ ebp+some_local ] movzx ecx , bx lea eax , [ eax + eax * 4 ] lea eax , [ ecx+eax *2-30h ] mov [ ebp+other_local ] , eax
This instruction sequence may seem a bit convoluted at first , but it ’s not too bad if we break it down into its constituent parts ( and then combine it into one operation ) .
We have the following operations : lea eax , [ eax+eax * 4 ]
This operation is equivalent to the following in C : other_local = some_local ; other_local *= 5 ; Then , we ’ve got the second lea operation : lea eax , [ ecx+eax * 2-30 h ]
In C , this might look like so : other_local = other_local * 2 + X - 0x30 ; …( where X corresponds to bx ( and then ecx ) ) .
If we combine the two together , we get the following expression in C : other_local = some_local * 10 + X - 0x30 ; Now , the compiler could have used a combination of mul , add , and sub instructions to achieve the same effect .
However , this would be more expensive in terms of instruction size , as those instructions are designed to work with values that are not known at runtime .
By using the lea instruction , the compiler can take advantage of the fact that the lea instruction can perform multiple operations with one instruction in order to reduce code size .
About 11.5 inches tall and 28 inches around , with 5 inch long arms ( He 's pretty big ! )
Made with fleece , felt , and wire ---- For , who gave me this sketch to work from ages ago : [ link ] .
Thank you for being so patient !
Yet another plushie that took way more work than I anticipated ( seems to be a common thing for me ) .
Those little suction cups were such a pain !
Haha .
Anyways , I 'm really proud of this guy , even though I can only take credit for the patterning and execution , not the design .
He has wires in his arms so they can be posed .
It 's so much fun to play with !
Dear Cecil :
A friend of mine who brews beer told me something quite startling recently .
He said he read in a brewer 's magazine that Budweiser uses chicken hearts in their beer .
Is this true ?
Why do they use them ?
Does anybody else ?
I assure you this is not a case of professional jealousy -- we can't stand Bud anyway .
Dear Cecil :
Why are alcoholic beverages exempt from having to list their ingredients ?
How can the consumer tell if a beer has preservatives , chemical additives , or artifical flavors and colors ?
Mass consumption of alcohol is unhealthy enough without also having to ingest assorted chemical horrors .
Sparky H. , Chicago , Steve N. , Phoenix
Cecil replies :
Dear Boys :
There is no question that a disquieting amount of chemical crud goes into the nation ’s beer ( not to mention its wine and liquor ) , but Uncle Cecil must humbly confess that he does not know exactly what goes into which .
That ’s because the booze industry has successfully resisted all attempts to force it to list ingredients , on the ridiculous grounds that doing so would be too expensive .
The real reason , needless to say , is that if you , Joe Consumer , knew what kind of sludge went into your favorite brand , you would probably drink a lot less of it .
I do n’t know about chicken hearts , but some brewers use seaweed extract as a foam stabilizer , and some wine makers use fish glue to prevent cloudiness .
Queasy as these things sound , they ’re probably harmless , which is more than you can say for some additives .
In the mid-60s , for instance , about 50 people died when brewers began putting cobalt sulfate into their products as a foaming agent .
Beverage manufacturers do n’t intentionally murder their customers , of course .
But the fact is that a fair number of people are allergic or otherwise sensitive to booze additives , and in the absence of labeling the only way to find out if there ’s anything bad in a given brew is to take a hefty swig of it and see if you keel over .
Anheuser - Busch claims that Budweiser contains only natural ingredients : water , barley malt , rice , hops , yeast , and tannin , an anticloudiness agent that is mostly removed from the final product .
They say there ’s no chicken hearts or anything else .
On the other hand , Miller , Anheuser ’s chief competitor , uses quite a bit of chemical goo .
We can prove this by performing the following easy ‘ n ’ fun test for the presence of foam stabilizers .
Get two clean beer glasses , and into each put one drop of milk diluted 70 - to - 1 with water .
Then pour Bud into one glass and Miller into the other .
Unless the manufacturers have changed their formulas in the last couple weeks , the head on the Bud will die like a dog within two minutes ( which it should –even a tiny trace of milk is deadly to beer foam ) , whereas the one on the Miller wo n’t , indicating the presence of false drugs .
The preceding exercise in handy home chemistry is supplied by the Center for Science in the Public Interest , a consumer group based in Washington , D.C. , that recently made a not -very - successful effort to get manufacturers to voluntarily reveal their ingredients .
I do n’t mean to single out the Miller company , but you may be interested to know that Miller Lite contains propylene glycol alginate , water , barley malt , corn syrup , chemically modified hop extracts , yeast , amyloglucosidase , carbon dioxide , papain enzyme , liquid sugar , potassium metabisulfite , and Emka - malt , whatever that is .
I would venture to say that light beers as a class tend to have more additives than others , simply because they ’d be totally flat and tasteless otherwise .
For more info on this subject , see Chemical Additives in Booze , available from the Center for Science in the Public Interest , 1755 S Street NW , Washington , D.C. 20009 .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
According to Microsoft this week , " voice is the new touch . "
Never mind that we 've been hearing the " voice recognition will change the world " mantra for more than a decade now ; this time , it 's the real deal !
And the company might be right , thanks in part to the peculiar power of the cloud .
With the launch of Windows 7 , Microsoft is again talking up its voice recognition efforts , which extend from operating systems to cars to mobile phones .
The company has certainly been hammering away at the technology for quite some time ; limited versions have been included in Office for years , and a full speech recognition package was built into Vista .
Bill Gates has also been predicting the rise of voice communication for a decade .
Speech control is now built into Windows 7 , the Sync system that appears in Ford cars , the Bing for Mobile program , and even Exchange Server 2010 , which uses it to turn voicemail into text .
None of this is particularly innovative on its own , of course ; Google has long offered voice search in its mobile app , while companies like Nuance and MacSpeech have both marketed superb voice recognition programs ( read our Naturally Speaking and Dictate reviews ) that far exceed the system that came built - in to Vista ( we have n't had a chance to put 7's voice recognition through its paces yet ) .
Even voicemail transcription , which Microsoft calls " one of the most eagerly awaited features " in the new Exchange Server , has been around for years from other providers .
But Microsoft does have something important : a crack speech - recognition team with access to cloud - based voice recognition servers .
It acquired Tellme in 2007 , and the Speech at Microsoft group now controls the Tellme voice platform , which manages more than six million calls per day .
This is crucial , because one of the big problems in training computers to do voice recognition well is collecting enough data .
By way of comparison , Google built a powerful search suggestions system that uses its massive database of search queries to offer suggestions on misspelled words .
Voice - recognition systems have traditionally relied on this sort of training , but the useful correction data they acquired was generally locked on a user 's PC .
Nuance , one of the world 's largest players in the speech recognition game , recognized that it could construct a better recognition engine if it could somehow get access to all of this speech data being collected by the millions of users of its Dragon Naturally Speaking product .
So it tried just that with version 9 of the software — users were offered a free , " tuned " recognition engine that was specially trained to their own voice if they consented to collect and share several hundred megabytes of data with the company .
This data collection effort paid off with Naturally Speaking version 10 , which achieves remarkable accuracy rates with only a couple minutes of user voice training upfront .
So imagine what happens when the data collection effort is moved into the cloud and companies set up services used by millions of people .
Recognition engines can quickly be trained in millions of voices , in thousands of dialects .
That 's why Microsoft 's chief scientist in the Speech group , Larry Heck ( who used to be the vice president of research at Nuance ) , said this week , " Speech belongs in the cloud .
Only there can you reach the scale , the enormous volume of interactions required to create a speech system capable of rivaling human understanding .
With the formation of the Speech at Microsoft group , the unrivaled breadth of our platform today , and our cloud - based approach , this future is within sight . "
As someone who has used speech recognition regularly for years on multiple platforms , this future is " within sight " in the same way that I can see the moon out my window every night .
Still , that 's something , and anyone who tried to use voice recognition before , say , 2005 will be shocked by its capabilities and actual usefulness today .
As companies like Microsoft , Google , and Nuance deploy more voice services that live in the cloud and not on a local machine , advances in understanding should accelerate — an exciting prospect for anyone ( * cough * Editor in Chief Ken Fisher * cough * ) who has ever had speech recognition software turn " but the fields " into " blood to feel . "
is shots of tequila
" Just ONE " to humor your friend quickly turns into 4 or 5 .
Anything and everything becomes wildly entertaining .
A fun way to waste some time you wo n't really remember the details of .
Probably for the best .
The right ’s embrace of Hoffman is a double - barreled suicide for the G.O.P .
On Saturday , the battered Scozzafava suspended her campaign , further scrambling the race .
It ’s still conceivable that the Democratic candidate could capture a seat the Republicans should own .
But it ’s even better for Democrats if Hoffman wins .
Punch - drunk with this triumph , the right will redouble its support of primary challengers to 2010 G.O.P. candidates they regard as impure .
That ’s bad news for even a Republican as conservative as Kay Bailey Hutchison , whose primary opponent in the Texas governor ’s race , the incumbent Rick Perry , floated the possibility of secession at a teabagger rally in April and hastily endorsed Hoffman on Thursday .
The more rightists who win G.O.P. primaries , the greater the Democrats ’ prospects next year .
But the electoral math is less interesting than the pathology of this movement .
Its antecedent can be found in the early 1960s , when radical - right hysteria carried some of the same traits we ’re seeing now : seething rage , fear of minorities , maniacal contempt for government , and a Freudian tendency to mimic the excesses of political foes .
Writing in 1964 of that era ’s equivalent to today ’s tea party cells , the historian Richard Hofstadter observed that the John Birch Society ’s “ ruthless prosecution ” of its own ideological war often mimicked the tactics of its Communist enemies .
The same could be said of Beck , Palin and their acolytes .
Though they constantly liken the president to various totalitarian dictators , it is they who are re-enacting Stalinism in full purge mode .
They drove out Arlen Specter , and now want to “ melt Snowe ” ( as the blog Red State put it ) .
The same Republicans who once deplored Democrats for refusing to let an anti-abortion dissident , Gov. Robert Casey of Pennsylvania , speak at the 1992 Clinton convention now routinely banish any dissenters in their own camp .
Image Credit ...
Barry Blitt
These conservatives ’ whiny cries of victimization also parrot a tic they once condemned in liberals .
After Rush Limbaugh was booted from an ownership group bidding on the St. Louis Rams , he moaned about being done in by the “ race card . ”
What actually did him in , of course , was the free - market American capitalism he claims to champion .
Limbaugh did n’t understand that in an increasingly diverse nation , profit - seeking N.F.L. franchises actually want to court black ticket buyers , not drive them away .
This same note of self - martyrdom was sounded in a much - noticed recent column by the former Nixon hand Pat Buchanan .
Ol ’
Pat sounded like the dispossessed antebellum grandees in “ Gone With the Wind ” when lamenting the plight of white working - class voters .
“ America was once their country , ” he wrote .
“ They sense they are losing it .
And they are right . ”
They are right .
That America was lost years ago , and no national political party can thrive if it lives in denial of that truth .
The right still may want to believe , as Palin said during the campaign , that Alaska , with its small black and Hispanic populations , is a “ microcosm of America . ”
( New York ’s 23rd also has few blacks or Hispanics . )
But most Americans like their country ’s 21st - century profile .
Welcome to the sixth issue of The Left Fold , a weekly programming article digest .
Submissions for future issues are solicited .
This week 's issue is short , probably due to the Thanksgiving holiday in the US .
Programming Languages
Experience Reports
Emergency supplies of antiviral drugs are being sent to Ukraine , Afghanistan and other countries in Eastern Europe and Central Asia , where hospitals report that they are being overwhelmed by patients with swine flu , the World Health Organization said Thursday .
Ukraine in particular has “ a shortage of ventilators and they have counted more than 100 deaths by now , ” Dr. Nikki Shindo , a medical officer with the organization ’s global influenza program , said at a news briefing .
Alarmed by deaths that health authorities believe could have been prevented with rapid treatment , the agency said it was revising its guidelines and urging more people to take antiviral medication even before they are sure they have the flu .
The new guidelines say that anyone with flu - like symptoms for three days , along with people in several high - risk groups  pregnant women , children under 2 and people with underlying respiratory problems  should not wait for laboratory tests to confirm the diagnosis but should be treated right away with drugs like Tamiflu .
By Geoff Brumfiel
The European Union ( EU ) is backing away from a 2018 start date for ITER , a multi-billion - euro fusion reactor under construction in the south of France .
At an ITER council meeting on 18 - 19 November , which was held near the reactor 's site in St Paul - lez - Durance , delegates from the EU told the project 's six other member states that the start date was no longer realistic , according to a source close to the negotiations .
The two - day meeting concluded earlier this afternoon .
Catherine Ray , a spokesperson on science and research for the European Commission in Brussels , declined to answer Nature 's questions about changes in ITER 's schedule , but reiterated Europe 's support for the project .
" Our guiding objective is to ensure a sustainable success for ITER at reasonable costs and with an acceptable level of risk , " she says .
ITER is a massive experiment to prove the viability of nuclear fusion as a power source .
When completed , superconducting magnets will squeeze a plasma of heavy hydrogen isotopes -- deuterium and tritium -- to temperatures in excess of 150 million °C .
The resulting fusion reaction should produce ten times the power consumed in the process of creating the plasma .
The EU is by far the largest participant in the project .
It will pay roughly 45 % of the construction costs of ITER , while the other participants -- China , India , Japan , Russia , South Korea and the United States -- will each provide roughly 9 % .
The costs were originally budgeted at around € 5 billion ( US $ 7.4 billion ) when the agreement to build ITER was signed in 2006 , but they are now expected to be roughly double that figure by the time the reactor is built .
Under a tentative agreement reached in June , ITER 's council approved 2018 as the date for ' first plasma ' being generated inside the giant device .
But some had worried that the EU was having trouble coming up with the additional funds needed to start construction ( see ' Fusion delays sow concern ' ) .
There is also concern among European 's involved in the project that the present schedule might be risky , according to Günther Hasinger , the scientific director of the Max Planck Institute of Plasma Physics in Garching , Germany .
The EU is responsible for buildings and other major infrastructure at the 180 - hectare ITER site .
" All the big European components are needed early on , " he says , warning that the 2018 date leaves little margin for error .
" It 's an extremely risky schedule . "
The reaction of the other member states to the EU announcement is likely to be mixed , says Stephen Dean , president of Fusion Power Associates , a fusion - advocacy group based in Gaithersburg , Maryland .
Senior officials at the US Department of Energy , which is responsible for that country 's contributions to ITER , have publicly complained about the long timeline of the project .
But Dean says that many researchers in the United States who are involved in ITER have been worried that the project might not meet its current schedule .
ITER 's council has now tasked the project with working out two possible start dates for the project : one early and one late , according to Neil Calder , chief spokesperson for ITER .
Calder says that the organization should be able to deliver the new dates by February 2010 , but could not say whether 2018 would be one of the options .
Planning a project as complex as ITER is difficult , he says .
" I think it is worth taking the time to get it right . "
Q+A with Lewis Hamilton
2008 World Champion Lewis Hamilton endured his first season in Formula One as a non-championship contender since his debut in 2007 , with a difficult battle at end of the season with Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen for fourth place in the standings .
Although the young McLaren driver says he is more in love with the sport than ever in this interview courtesy of his personal website .
“ Not really .
Of course , it ’s disappointing not to finish a race – particularly when you ’re at the front leading it – but I have to be realistic : to have got through nearly three seasons of racing and to only now be stopped by a mechanical failure is an incredible statistic .
“ You almost take reliability for granted these days , so it was weird to be stood in the garage watching the race rather than being in it .
But I think we can all be proud of what we ’ve achieved this year .
We started the season with what was the slowest car in the field , but we never gave up , and on Saturday in Abu Dhabi , you could argue that we had the fastest car out there .
That ’s an absolutely incredible achievement – and I ca n’t think of a single team other than Vodafone McLaren Mercedes that could have done that .
“ It would have been great to have won the race and sent us into the winter with our heads held high , but it was n’t to be .
I loved the circuit – for a new track , it has a good blend of corners and it needs you to be very focused and precise to get the best from the laptime .
We ’ll be back to try and win it next year ! ”
" I think there are a few moments that will stay with me from this year .
The first was at Silverstone , where I arrived knowing that I would n’t be able to fight for a win , and where I was just overwhelmed by the amount of support from the people at the circuit .
I would never have imagined it would have been such a positive and inspiring weekend for me – even if our results were n’t that great .
" I ’d had such an amazing race at Silverstone in 2008 , and it really meant a lot to me to see that people had kept the faith and were behind me even if I could n’t score a win for them .
“ On the track , one of my biggest highlights was in Germany , when we tried the upgrade package for the first time .
Before I ’d even driven the car , you could see that it was a big step – we ’d completely changed the front wing , the top body and the floor , and there was a lot of pressure for it to be right – and it looked good , the car looked fantastic .
“ And it only took me a few laps to realise that the car was an incredible improvement .
Finally , after months of struggling , I could finally get the car to do what I wanted : I could get it turned in properly , and get hard on the power and just rely on the grip to get me out of a corner .
Coming out of the Nurburgring hairpin and heading uphill into the fast esses , I accidentally left my radio switched on , and the whole team could hear me yelling and screaming because the car felt so good !
“ I felt a bit embarrassed afterwards , especially when Martin told me he ’d played the recording back to the whole team !
But I can see now that that was important for everyone ’s morale .
“ The other highlight was winning in Hungary .
I ’d always said that winning a race this year was going to feel sweeter than anything else we ’d achieved , just because it would be such a satisfying conclusion to all our hard work .
And the Hungarian Grand Prix was just a dream come true – to be able to measure my pace over the others and to get the car home first was just unbelievable .
Total satisfaction … ”
“ There were a few .
The first difficulty we faced this year was during testing : we knew the car was n’t the fastest but , at the Barcelona test in week 11 , it became really clear to us that we were struggling and we just did n’t have the pace of the frontrunners .
I remember phoning Ron and Martin and explaining to them that we had a lot of work ahead of us if we were going to turn MP4 - 24 into a race winner .
“ That was a difficult call , but Ron and Martin gave me their full support and we actually started to look at a rescue plan immediately – there was no waiting .
So what was a difficult experience at first actually turned into a positive one .
“ The other tough moment happened not long after , in Melbourne and Malaysia .
And that was a difficult time for me personally – but I strongly believe that I used that experience to grow as a person and to become stronger through it .
I ’m a firm believer that every experience you have – even the bad ones – help to define and build your character .
You ca n’t change the past , but you can definitely learn from it , and I overcame that situation in Melbourne , I had the courage and conviction to man up about it in Malaysia and , ultimately , I came out of it stronger . ”
“ Abu Dhabi was an absolutely incredible place , but the best circuit I visited all year was Suzuka .
Monaco still has a very special place in my heart – and it ’s totally unique – but Suzuka really is the greatest race track in the world .
“ Also , I ca n’t not mention Silverstone – the older circuits on the calendar all have this incredible character – places like Silverstone , Monaco , Spa , Monza – they are the best circuits we visit , and we need them on the calendar .
I know that Silverstone still is n’t confirmed for 2010 – but it has to be on the calendar , I ca n’t imagine racing in Formula 1 without it being there . ”
" Monza was good fun , but probably either Suzuka or Brazil .
I raced my heart out at Suzuka , my battle with Jarno in the first stint was seriously hardcore – it was like doing 20 qualifying laps in a row .
But Brazil was even crazier – the car was probably the best it has felt all year and I did n’t stop pushing from the first corner until the last corner .
That was probably my best drive of the whole year . ”
“ Taking the team back to the top step of the podium in Hungary – and then having four weeks before the next race to hold onto it !
Seriously , that was the greatest achievement of our season .
I ’m so proud of everyone who played a role in getting us back to the front .
Believe me , we really deserved that result . ”
“ I ’ve learnt a lot about effort , dedication , motivation : things that you almost take for granted when you are at the front , but which mean a lot more when you are fighting at the back .
I ’ve grown as a man , and as a driver – I ’ve faced bigger hurdles this year than in my previous two seasons and I think I now know how to cope with things better than I did – even from one year ago .
“ I also think we are a much closer group now , too .
We ’ve known each other for one more season , and the physical bonds between us all are so much tighter – we ’ve been through a lot together and we know each other a lot better .
That ’s something I really appreciate – and I think that will make us a better fighting unit next season . ”
“ I ’m at Brooklands this weekend for the Powered By Mercedes - Benz event – I ’ll be there with Heikki , and we ’ll be driving last year ’s MP4 - 23 .
After that , I ’m really going to start training hard : I want to start next season fitter than I ’ve ever been , and I ’ve been working with our team doctor to make sure that I ’m better prepared than ever for the new year .
I ’ll be training hard , at home in Geneva and in Finland .
“ After that , I ’ll have a short break for Christmas – I ’m not planning to go away anywhere , but I ’ll probably spend it with my family .
After that , it will be back to work – meetings with the engineers , the launch and testing the new car – which looks fantastic .
“ To be honest , I ’m ready to go racing again next week – at the moment , I think I can safely say that I ’m more in love with Formula 1 than I ’ve ever been , and I just ca n’t wait to get back out there again !
This 12 - part series of articles by Marta Harnecker ( translated by Federico Fuentes ) on ideas for how to organise for socialism in the 21st century first appeared in Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal .
It is now available download free as a pamphlet in PDF format .
Marta Harnecker is originally from Chile where she participated in the revolutionary process of 1970 - 1973 .
She has written extensively on the Cuba Revolution , and on the nature of socialist democracy .
She now lives in Caracas and is a participant in the Venezuelan revolution .
You can read Ideas for the Struggle on screen above or download it directly by clicking HERE .
Across the United States , thousands of kids are kicked out of their homes each year for being lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender ( LGBT ) .
In some cases , homophobic families dump them on the streets like litter .
In other homes , kids run away in fear of retribution or as a result of ridicule .
They have nowhere to go .
And the problem grows worse as American youth are “ coming out ” at increasingly early ages .
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services estimates that 575,000 to 1.6 million homeless and runaway youth are living on the streets from New York City to Los Angeles .
Of these , between 20 and 40 percent are LGBT , according to the 2007 seminal study , “ Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Youth : An Epidemic of Homelessness ” by the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force ( NGLTF ) .
The study highlights a particularly dismal fact : Given that between 3 percent and 5 percent of the U.S. population identifies as lesbian , gay or bisexual , it is clear that LGBT youth experience homelessness at a hugely disproportionate rate .
LGBT youth homelessness is a hidden reality of 21st - century America .
The stories of despair , high HIV rates and street murders continue to be under - reported and unaddressed .
I wanted to know who these kids were and how they survived in New York City .
That is what took me to Sylvia ’s Place .
BELOW - GROUND HAVEN
Nestled in the heart of Chelsea is a small safe haven on Eighth Avenue .
A rusty iron gate closed behind me as I stepped into Sylvia ’s Place on a recent Monday evening .
Located in the basement of the Metropolitan Community Church of New York , the space was filled with clutter : old mail , hand - me - down clothes , boxes of donated food and cold metal chairs .
There were no windows , but harsh lights kept it bright .
A single bathroom provided a semblance of privacy .
Brazil , a young transgender woman , saw me eyeing it .
“ If you go in there , do n’t sit down , ” she said .
The shelter is named for Sylvia Rivera , the legendary transgender woman said to have thrown the high heel that sparked the Stonewall riots 40 years ago .
Sylvia ’s
Place is one of three organizations in New York City that provides overnight shelter exclusively for LGBT homeless youth .
Twenty - five to 30 kids sleep on the cold cement floor at Sylvia ’s Place every night , packed together and exposed to roaches .
Still , it is better than shelters for straight kids , where LGBT youth often face verbal and physical abuse .
It is better than the street .
Hip - hop music blared from the speakers .
A few volunteers were cooking dinner in a makeshift kitchen .
Diggy , from the Bronx , danced flamboyantly in the middle of the floor , belting out song lyrics .
A chubby teenager with bright purple hair was drunk and sobbing in the corner .
“ I want to get clean , ” he cried softly , as his friend stood out on the sidewalk , calling to him through the front door , pressuring him to take another swig .
Aqua Starr , the newest kid to take up residence at the shelter , was stoned and eating cold turkey stuffing and pizza by himself , leaning on a row of cabinets and eyeing me from a distance .
I sat down next to Chris Collazo , the 25 - year - old drop - in coordinator at Sylvia’s .
“ If you want the kids to open up , show empathy , ” Collazo told me .
“ Then you wo n’t be able to get them to stop talking . ”
Across the room Damien Corallo slouched in a chair , looking grim .
Somebody had stolen his iPod .
“ Things are always getting stolen here , ” he said .
I sat down next to him and , just as Collazo had said , once I got him talking , he did not want to stop .
When he was a kid , his father was sent to jail and his mother sent him and his two siblings from San Juan , Puerto Rico , to New York City to live with his aunt .
His brother was gay and Damien , who is transgender , had been dressing like a boy as long as he could remember .
“ One day our aunt told us she did n’t want any faggots in the house .
And we figured out that she had given our rights over to the state .
So we left , ” Corallo said .
“ I ’ve lived in 32 group homes or foster homes .
I ’ve lived in shelters , halfway houses , safety houses .
I ’ve been into lock - up , stuck in residentials .
I have been in every kind of home .
I went to juvie for drugs .
I used to inject drugs and snort coke .
I was in for about a year .
It was not friendly .
It was a Missouri state jail and then I went to rehab . ”
Corallo said he stayed in a group home on Long Island .
Three years ago he moved to Sylvia ’s , where he ’s been ever since .
On three occasions , he ’s been beaten in what he described as “ gay bashings . ”
He ’s been called a faggot and a freak more times than he would like to remember .
Somewhere along the line he contracted HIV , which has since turned into AIDS .
He has attempted suicide more than once , and he relapsed , too — he ’s got track marks up and down his arms and a chronic twitch .
He is using crystal methamphetamines and heroin again .
He said he wants to break the habit , but “ I could never stay clean in this situation . ”
Corallo is 18 years old .
My first evening at Sylvia ’s ended with a speech from T.T. Wilson , a 23 year old with purple hair who had just been suspended from the shelter for three days because she had been in a street fight outside .
“ At the end of the day , y’all can go home to y’all ’s motherfuckin ’ houses and y’all can sleep in your own fuckin ’ bed regardless if y’all strugglin ’ with your bills or not ! ” she screamed at the staff .
“ Y’all have a fuckin’ home .
I do n’t .
I do n’t have anywhere to go .
So what am I gonna do ?
What am I gonna do ? ! ”
A REFUGE ON THE RIVER
Pier 45 , at the west end of Christopher Street , is the epicenter of LGBT youth life , especially for kids of color who travel from neighborhoods around the city .
Tucked in the Hudson River Park on the edge of New York ’s expensive and trendy Greenwich Village , it is where many youth gather during the day to pass the time , meet friends and organize around issues of gentrification , youth and LGBT rights .
It is something like a home .
“ This is a place that folks come to feel safe .
You can meet other people and start to feel comfortable in your own skin , ” said Desire Marshall , a 25 - year - old organizer with FIERCE , a group that advocates for LGBT youth of color .
“ There are few places you can go when you ’re young and there are even fewer places you can go when you ’re queer . ”
The pier is one of them , but it too is threatened .
In 2001 , the Hudson River Park Trust — a public - private partnership that governs the park — closed Pier 45 for renovation .
The LGBT youth that use the pier were not consulted about the plans and many feared that they would have no place to congregate on a revamped , gentrified pier .
Their fears were well founded .
When the pier was re-opened in 2003 , it had changed dramatically .
“ For two years they had nowhere to go , ” said Marshall .
“ Now they reopen it with a curfew that was n’t here before , with a police presence that was n’t here , with park enforcement patrol that was n’t here , and food that LGBTQ youth and low - income people cannot afford .
They are pushing out a huge part of the community that utilizes this space . ”
FIERCE ’s fight to protect Pier 45 from exclusionary development continues today as the Hudson River Park fishes around for more proposals to improve what it calls “ quality of life ” along the river .
THE RIVERSIDE STROLL
While Pier 45 is safe during the day , at night it turns into something entirely different : a center of commerce where sex workers and drug dealers , many of them homeless and queer , come to make money , to “ get coin . ”
They call it “ the stroll . ”
One afternoon Wilson invited me to come with her to see the stroll .
She ’d been back from her suspension for at least a week and we ’d already spent a good deal of time together at Sylvia ’s Place .
She told me that she grew up in a well - off conservative community in North Carolina .
When she came out to her family about her transgender identity , however , a conflict developed with her mother .
Eventually , she left North Carolina for New York City two years ago .
“ I know my mommy likes me , I know she loves me , but I was never peaceful , ” Wilson said .
“ My family do n’t accept me for being gay .
They do n’t accept gay people period . ”
When Wilson came to New York , she found a new family — four trusted friends .
As the oldest among them , she called them her children and they called her their mother .
LGBT homeless youth frequently piece together families for protection and support on the streets .
Corallo had one as well .
“ Me and my friends developed a kind of homeless runaway family , ” he said .
“ When we did n’t have a place to go we would all sleep together at Union Square at night . ”
I joined Wilson and her family on the pier one late rainy Saturday night to watch the stroll .
Teenagers slowly walked up and down the sidewalks , strutting , making fleeting eye contact to draw in potential customers .
Many of them were transgender , most were youth of color .
The occasional catcall and rowdy laughter blended in with the rain spattering the sidewalk and the buzz of cars on the West Side Highway .
“ If you watch closely , you ’ll start to see people disappearing into the bathrooms , ” Wilson said .
To our left , a drug dealer in a baggy purple shirt stood on a corner with two others , hollering at people and peddling dime bags and joints for dollars .
Wilson explained that survival sex fuels the stroll .
Many of the kids do it to eat or because they need a place to stay for the night and a stranger ’s bed is better than a cold , wet bench at Union Square .
Others do it because they are saving up for a sex change operation or to feed a drug habit .
According to the 2007 NGLTF report , LGBT homeless youth are three times more likely to engage in survival sex than their heterosexual homeless peers .
ON THE FRONTLINES
Sylvia ’s youth live on the frontlines of the battle against homophobia , gender discrimination , racism , class — and they have the scars to prove it .
Carl Siciliano knows the depths of these wounds .
As the executive director of the Ali Forney Center ( AFC ) , an organization that provides emergency and transitional housing to LGBT homeless youth in New York City , he is a witness to this struggle .
“ I do n’t think there is any other situation where so much oppression and persecution and cruelty is happening to people because they ’re gay , ” Siciliano said as we drove to Brooklyn to see a pair of AFC apartments .
“ These kids are bearing the brunt of homophobia in our society . ”
Siciliano has been working with LGTB youth since the mid-1990s .
“ Every couple of months one of our kids would get murdered on the streets , ” Siciliano said .
“ They were just in this ground zero of danger . ”
Ali Forney , a gay and transgender youth and the namesake of Siciliano ’s organization , was killed in 1997 .
He was found on Harlem ’s 135th early one winter morning with a bullet in his head .
With the help of a committed staff , Siciliano has turned a project that began in 2002 into the largest organization of its kind in the nation .
His program offers counseling and mentoring services as well as a network of eight apartments that house 48 youth on any given night .
And it works .
Every year his organization weans a new cohort of kids off drugs and sends a handful to college .
And they receive a little more funding .
But the waiting list is long .
The program is successful , but it is simply not enough .
As Siciliano himself admits , the gay rights movement and its allies are failing to address the problem .
“ I do n’t think there are 200 beds in the country for gay youth , ” he says .
“ If there are more than 1,000 gay youth on the streets in New York , there has got to be at least 20,000 in the country .
And that is a conservative estimate .
So 200 beds for 20,000 kids ?
Obviously we are not stepping up to the plate . ”
Siciliano and politicians like New York City Councilmember Lewis Fidler ( D - Brooklyn ) — who have spearheaded the effort to get city funding for programs that serve LGBT homeless youth — have ideas on how to solve the crisis .
They propose two broad solutions : First , combat homophobia .
Second , while homophobia still exists , generate the political will to care for kids who fall prey to it .
A study cited in the NGLTF report found that 50 percent of young gay males experienced a negative reaction from their parents when they came out and 26 percent were told to leave home .
In addition , one third of all LGBT youth are assaulted by a parent or another family member after disclosing their sexual orientation .
Along with homophobia , class and poverty are part of the problem .
“ People from affluent backgrounds have more options and resources , ” Sicilian said .
“ They face the same rejection , but when half of your extended family is already living under one roof with you , so close to the street anyway , there is a lot less of a buffer zone . ”
The confluence of homophobia and poverty puts kids on the streets and keeps them there .
“ I have stood on the steps and declared war on homelessness .
I have done as much as I can to raise awareness , ” Fidler said .
“ And still , Brittany [ Spears ] can climb into a cab without underwear and get three pages in the paper , but I ca n’t get three columns on kids who are couch surfing , who are selling their bodies to survive , who are exposed to unspeakable horrors . ”
Fidler believes the only way to truly address the issue is through a mass social movement .
“ My belief is that if people knew that on the streets of this city in this day there are children by the hundreds who are sleeping on the streets , if this problem were known , then the public would create the political will to solve it . ”
Meanwhile , however , young people like Damien Corallo will remain on the margins .
“ A lot of us feel rejected , like there is no place for us , ” Corallo said .
“ We ’re the bottom of the barrel . ”
I ’m not good at taking vacations … .
FDIC published its quarterly banking profile today .
Here are the latest banking industry statistics at a glance .
A few interesting takeaways I ’d like to highlight .
First , the problem bank list grew again .
And it still understates total problem assets … both Citi and Bank of American should also be on this list .
The number of institutions on the FDIC ’s “ Problem List ” rose to its highest level in 16 years .
At the end of September , there were 552 insured institutions on the “ Problem List , ” up from 416 on June 30 .
This is the largest number of “ problem ” institutions since December 31 , 1993 , when there were 575 institutions on the list .
Total assets of “ problem ” institutions increased during the quarter from $ 299.8 billion to $ 345.9 billion , the highest level since the end of 1993 , when they totaled $ 346.2 billion .
Fifty institutions failed during the third quarter , bringing the total number of failures in the first nine months of 2009 to 95 .
Also , what will get lots of headlines today is that the Deposit Insurance Fund went negative as of September 30th .
We already knew this to be true , and it ’s not totally fair to report the negative balance without noting that FDIC does have cash .
That said , the DIF is still in a very precarious position .
As projected in September , the FDIC ’s Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) balance – or the net worth of the fund – fell below zero for the first time since the third quarter of 1992 .
The fund balance of negative $ 8.2 billion as of September already reflects a $ 38.9 billion contingent loss reserve that has been set aside to cover estimated losses over the next year .
Just as banks reserve for loan losses , the FDIC has to set aside reserves for anticipated closings over the next year .
Combining the fund balance with this contingent loss reserve shows total DIF reserves with a positive balance of $ 30.7 billion .
Chairman Bair distinguished the DIF ’s reserves from the FDIC ’s cash resources , which stood at $ 23.3 billion of cash and marketable securities .
To further bolster the DIF ’s cash position , the FDIC Board approved a measure on November 12th to require insured institutions to prepay three years worth of deposit insurance premiums – about $ 45 billion – at the end of 2009 .
“ This measure will provide the FDIC with the funds needed to carry on with the task of resolving failed institutions in 2010 , but without accelerating the impact of assessments on the industry ’s earnings and capital , ” Chairman Bair said .
The DIF will continue to be negative after FDIC gets the additional $ 45 billion at the end of this year .
That ’s not a “ special assessment , ” it ’s the next three years ’ regular assessments being collected up front .
The distinction is crucial .
Because it ’s a regular assessment , FDIC wo n’t count it as new reserves for the DIF .
Instead it will be counted as deferred revenue on the DIF ’s balance sheet .
Why is that important ?
Because unlike the $ 5.6 billion special assessment in Q2 , banks do n’t have to take a hit against their capital all at once for this assessment .
They get to treat it as a prepaid expense .
More later ….
Church Bells Ring in Case of Religious Freedom vs. Homeowners
Neighbors outraged by church ringing bells daily on every half hour .
Nov. 2 , 2009  --
The fight , pitting religious freedom against the right to be comfortable in one 's own home , started in March 2008 -- on Palm Sunday .
After opening in a new location in Phoenix , Ariz . , The Cathedral of Christ the King started playing a recording of church bells every half hour -- every day -- from morning to night .
" To me , it is one of the ways that we express praise and worship to God .
And it is also one of the ways that God speaks out and says to the community that there is somebody here that cares , " said Bishop Rick Painter , rector of the Cathedral of Christ the King , a local Charismatic church affiliated with the Anglican Church in North America .
To neighbors like Sam Jensen and Al Brooks , it was a rude shock .
" I did n't know where it came from .
It was six in the morning , " said Brooks .
" I had no idea what it was .
And then they were playing every half hour , so it woke me up and I came out into the back yard and then I heard them again every half hour all day long -- 31 times that day , " said Jensen .
After calling the cops , they had a heated meeting with Painter , who offered to reduce the ringing to once an hour .
" I can't imagine that God in heaven would look down and say that 's a good thing to do to your neighbors , " said Jensen .
" We all celebrate God , but we do n't disturb our neighbors doing it , " Brooks said .
The neighbors felt the church was inflexible , and inevitably the case landed in court , where the judge sided with the neighbors .
She ordered the bells silenced , except on Sundays and church holidays .
For the first time anyone can remember , a religious leader was convicted of disturbing the peace .
The bishop was given a 10 - day jail sentence , which was suspended , and three years probation -- a misdemeanor for ringing church bells .
" On a regular basis , this particular location was , in fact , playing very loud music .
Not regular bells , it was a broadcast device on an hourly basis -- to a point where it was disturbing .
And at the end of the day we are talking about quality of life , " said Deborah Sedillo Dugan , spokesperson for the city of Phoenix .
Bishop Fights Back
Painter is now not only appealing his conviction , but he 's suing the city of Phoenix in federal court .
He argues that the noise ordinance is unconstitutionally stifling the church 's freedom of religion .
" I was surprised that I was charged with a crime , " Painter said .
" I do n't see where I have broken a law …
Now I am a criminal , after all my years . "
He says Phoenix 's noise ordinance has an exception for things like ice cream trucks , and that the church should have the same immunity .
For now , while the neighbors are content , Painter is praying for a change .
A Canadian soldier who had spent less than a week in Afghanistan was killed Friday by an improvised explosive device while on foot patrol in Kandahar .
Sapper Steven Marshall , 24 , from 11 Field Squadron , 1 Combat Engineer Regiment , based in Edmonton , was patrolling 10 kilometres southwest of Kandahar City in the Panjwai district when the bomb exploded , Brig . - Gen. Jonathan Vance said .
No other Canadians were injured .
" Steven will be remembered as the life of his section .
He had an incredible sense of humour and a contagious grin that never left his face even in the most difficult of times , " Vance said .
" He would embrace every situation and always found and shared that silver lining with his mates . "
Marshall joined the army a little over two years ago , Vance said .
He was deployed with the 1st Battalion Princess Patricia 's Canadian Light Infantry Battle Group .
" Having arrived in the theatre of operations less than a week ago , he was eager to get out and begin making a difference , " Vance said .
Marshall is the second Canadian soldier killed in action in October .
Lt. Justin Garrett Boyes , 26 , was killed Wednesday when his foot patrol was hit by an IED southwest of Kandahar City .
The latest death brings to 133 the total number of Canadian soldiers who have died as part of the Afghan mission since it began in 2002 .
External Relations
Your in - house marketing , recruitment , media , events , and communications experts .
Search
We bring to life our people and our stories to showcase our extraordinary University .
We are empowered to do so using our expertise in design , print , photography , video , web , social media , internal communications , media relations , public affairs , events and much more .
Contact details for individual staff members are available on the contacts page .
To find out more about our services , visit the different areas below .
Our mission is to be a well - respected team of experts which delivers results , exceeds expectations and provides an outstanding service to all our audiences .
Our vision is to deliver communications , marketing partnerships and recruitment activity which recruits the brightest minds and engages audiences with our extraordinary world .
Helen Pennack
Chief Marketing and Communications Officer
Helen.Pennack@nottingham.ac.uk
Contensis .
Framework.Web.JavaScriptManager
Live Blog : Pacquiao wins by TKO in round twelve Manny Pacquiao knocked Miguel Cotto down twice early and went from there
Pacquiao vs Cotto Manny Pacquiao captured his unprecedented seventh title in a seventh weight division with a twelfth - round TKO of Miguel Cotto Saturday night at the MGM Grand Garden Arena .
Follow Our Coverage on Twitter Want to ask Brett Okamoto a question about what he 's seeing from ringside ?
Or share your thoughts about the Pacquiao / Cotto bout with our readers ?
Add #boxing to your tweets about tonight 's fight and Okamoto will tweet you an answer them as soon as he can .
We 'll also show them at the bottom of this story .
Follow us @lvsunfighting
Reader poll
Who wins ?
Manny Pacquiao or Floyd Mayweather Jr. Manny Pacquiao
Floyd Mayweather Jr. View results
Manny Pacquiao won a world title in his seventh different weight class Saturday at the MGM Garden Arena when he beat Miguel Cotto by a TKO in the twelfth round .
Referee Kenny Bayless called the fight after Pacquiao landed a straight left to Cotto 's face .
Pacquiao is officialy the WBO welterweight title holder .
" I controlled the fight , " Pacquiao said on HBO 's Pay Per View .
" I was aggressive in the fight . "
Pacquiao knocked Cotto down twice in the early rounds , before Cotto recovered to almost go the distance in the fight .
Cotto and his people nearly stopped the fight after Round Eleven , but allowed him to go on for one more .
Cotto said Pacquiao was so hard to fight because of the different angles he threw punches from .
" I did n't know from where the punches were coming , " Cotto said .
" I did n't protect myself from the punches . "
That much was apparent .
Cotto's face was totally swollen by the end of the fight .
Minutes after the fight finished , Pacquiao's fans began chanting " We want Floyd " referring to a possible upcoming fight pitting Pacquiao against Floyd Mayweather , Jr .
Although Pacquiao would not comment on the possibility afterward , trainer Freddie Roach did not hesitate .
" The whole world wants to see him fight Mayweather , " Roach said .
" I want to see him fight Mayweather . "
Round Twelve
Rumor was that Cotto's corner stopped the fight in between rounds but Cotto comes back out for final round .
Pacquiao comes forward with combination .
Looking aggressive .
Lands a straight left and the fight is called .
Pacquiao by TKO in the 12th .
Round Eleven
You could hear the crowd 's reaction to seeing Cotto 's swollen face on the big screen at the start of the round .
Pacquiao lowers his hands and gives another look of frustration at Cotto 's unwillingness to exchange .
Cotto's goes up against the ropes and now in the corner .
Pacquiao lands some good shots but Cotto answers with a good left hook that pushes him back .
Crowd begins to boo again as it's obvious Cotto does n't want to fight anymore .
Round Ten
Cotto lands a hook then a jab .
Pacquao comes forward with a few straight rights .
Pacquiao lands a left hook .
Pacquiao just chasing Cotto around the ring .
Pacquiao even stops now for a second and gives Cotto a look because he wo n't engage him .
Crowd bos for a second .
Pacquiao lands a few straight punches to end the round .
Round Nine
Cotto lands a few early punches through the gloves of Pacquiao to start the round .
Cotto lands a few good counter left hooks .
Good three punch combination from Pacquiao .
Cotto gets put in the corner and he 's in trouble .
He clinches to get away .
Cotto goes back to the ropes .
He can't stay off them .
Pacquiao lands huge straight hands and it looked like Cotto was going down but fell on Pacquiao and stayed on his feet .
Cotto lands a good left hook but it 's not even slowing Pacquiao down .
Cotto in the corner again but circles out .
Round Eight
Cotto lands a good jab while Pacquiao 's hands are down .
Another good jab from Cotto snaps Pacquaio 's head back .
Pacquiao lands a good right while Cotto comes forward that does damage .
Pacquiao comes forward and lands a huge left with Cotto's back against the ropes .
Cotto retreats and then throws an unexpected uppercut .
He 's backing up a lot now though .
Pacquiao puts him against the ropes and fires away .
Another round dominated by Pacquiao .
Round Seven
Big right hook from Pacquiao .
Cotto's legs look weak but he survives for now .
Pacquiao leans in and both fighters take shots .
Pacquiao comes through with a few straight punches .
Good jabs from Cotto .
Cotto goes to defensive mode , covering up as Pacquiao throws combinations .
Pacquiao lands a right hand , Cotto comes back with a jab .
Good right hand from Cotto ends the round .
Round Six
Good left by Cotto .
Jabs crash through for Cotto .
Pacquiao lands a good right but Cotto comes back with another jab .
Cotto lands the left hook but Pacquiao comes forward with a flurry .
Cotto backs up from a Pacquiao flurry but then lands a hook .
Pacquiao gets him against the ropes but Cotto clinches .
Blood coming from a cut under Cotto 's left eye .
Big left from Pacquio that had Cotto in trouble but he grabs Pacquiao and hangs on to him .
Round ends and Pacquiao smiles towards his corner .
Round Five
Pacquiao bobbing around , using entire ring while Cotto advances .
Pacquiao in complete rhythm right now , crowd feels it and chants his name .
A right and then a left from Pacquiao had Cotto 's legs stumbling .
Cotto clinches .
Cotto pushes Pacquiao against the ropes again , only briefly this time .
Cotto pushes forward looking for body shots .
Cotto lands that big left hook .
Pacquiao looks to win the round towards the end , firing combinations .
Round Four
Left hook from Cotto to start .
Cotto coming forward again with the jab .
Pacquiao against the ropes and takes a few shots .
Pacquiao goes for a big left uppercut and gets countered .
Another left hook from Cotto .
Pacquiao throwing ton of punches but Cotto weathers it and lands a right hook then a left .
Pacquiao backs to the ropes again and Cotto working the body .
Another straight right from Cotto with Pacquiao against the ropes .
Pacquiao covering up and then finally ducks and moves away from the ropes .
Now Pacquiao moving forward with Cotto on the ropes and an uppercut drops him for the second time !
Ten seconds left and Cotto in trouble .
Bell saves him .
Another 10 - 8 .
Round Three
Cotto bullying forward to start the round , working the jab .
Straight left from Cotto lands .
Good right hand from Pacquiao and he follows with a combination that knocks down Cotto !
Cotto is back up and Pacquiao not pressing immediately .
Cotto missees an overhand left and Pacquiao counters but Cotto takes it and continues to move forward .
Great left hook from Cotto , but Pacquiao does n't seem bothered by it .
Accidental headbutt stops action briefly , neither fighter cut .
Good left from Cotto .
Cotto lands another efective left hook .
Cotto lands a good uppercut in the corner .
10 - 8 round for Pacquiao .
Round Two
Pacquiao tries to counter a jab with a combination but it 's taken well by Cotto .
Cotto lands an uppercut on a counter after Pacquiao comes forward .
Cotto lands a jab and Pacquiao nods .
Good left jab from Pacquiao followed by another .
Good jab from Cotto to answer .
Crowd is electric , going wild with every shot .
Pacquiao lands a good uppercut that seemed to have hurt Cotto a bit .
Cotto regains and lands a nice left hook .
Cotto warned for a low blow .
Pacquiao feints and then comes forward landing a hook to start a combination .
Pacquiao becoming more aggressive .
Good counter left from Pacquiao .
Cotto works the body then goes high but Pacquiao comes a back and lands a flurry .
The place erupts , Pacquiao wins the round .
Round One
Bell sounds and Firepower is on .
Awesome to see the cameras flashing around the place .
Cotto lands a good left jab that gets a response from the crowd .
Another good left by Cotto .
Pacquiao throws a few right hands blocked by Cotto .
Good combination from Pacquiao .
Pacquiao goes for a jab to the body but pays for it with good counters from Cotto .
Pacquiao fires off a hard left that Cottto ducks under .
Cotto throws an upercut but misses .
Great first round , slight edge to Cotto .
Prefight
Considering the well - known fact that Manny Pacquiao ( 49 - 3 - 2 , 37 KO ) carries the hope of the entire country of the Philippines into the ring with him every time he fights , the reigning pound - for - pound fighter is never short on motivation for a fight .
That said , he 'll have even more than usual tonight .
Pacquiao looks to make boxing history when he steps in against WBO welterweight champion Miguel Cotto ( 34 - 1 , 27 KO ) tonight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena .
If Pacquiao claims the belt , it will be the seventh different weight division the Filipino has won a world title in , breaking the record he currently shares with Oscar De La Hoya .
Also , for the first time in his career , both his parents will be inside the arena watching .
" This fight is very important to me because it will be boxing history , " Pacquiao said .
" Thirty years from now , my name — Manny Pacquiao — will still be there .
Also this is the first time my father will be watching me fight so I am very excited for that . "
Some have already counted out Cotto in this fight , despite the fact the Puerto Rican fighter has only one loss in his career — a controversial loss to Antonio Margarito in which Margarito may have been fighting with illegal hand wraps .
Discussions of a potential matchup between Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather Jr. have also come up , prompting a response from Cotto .
" After I beat Manny , he 's free to fight whoever he wants , " Cotto said .
Celebrities in attendance include Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter , New York Giants running back Brandon Jacobs , former Los Angeles Lakers guard Magic Johnson , actors Jeremy Piven , Mark Walberg , Mickey Rourke , Will Ferrell and Joe Pescie , boxers Chad Dawson , Shane Mosley , Tommy Hearns and Winky Wright .
Undercard results :
Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. def. Troy Rowland by unanimous decision .
Yuri Foreman def. Daniel Santos by unanimous decision .
Alfonso Gomez def. Jesus - Soto Karass by unanimous technical decision at 2:14 of the sixth round .
Abner Cotto def. Gudalupe Guzman by unanimous decison .
Richie Mepranum def. Ernest Marquez by split decision .
Matvey Korobov def. James Winchester by unanimous decision .
Eden Sonsona def .
Kdem by TKO at :17 of the second round .
Rodrigo Garcia def. Martin Vierra by unanimous decision .
MGM Grand Garden Arena
The MGM Grand Garden Arena is home to concerts , championship boxing and premier sporting and special events .
The Arena offers comfortable seating for as many as 16,800 people with excellent lines of sight and state - of - the - art acoustics , lighting and sound .
The Grand Garden Ticket Office is open from 9 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. daily .
3799 Las Vegas Blvd South Las Vegas , NV 89109 702-387-1600
Brett Okamoto can be reached at 948-7817 or [ email protected ] .
The excitement in the particle physics community is palpable at the moment , with a regular stream of tweets emitting from CERN .
In the latest news , the large Hadron collider ( LHC ) reported that it had reached 1.18TeV with its beams , the highest energy ever recorded for an Earth - bound particle accelerator .
The unexciting news is that we are all still here , and ( barring a meteor strike ) we will still be here when the LHC reaches 7.5TeV very late next year .
In the meantime , what can we expect during the build - up ?
According to Lynn Evans , the operators of the LHC are taking it very slowly this time , having become a bit paranoid about little things like resistance building in the brazed joints between magnets .
One reason for this caution is that not every sector of the LHC was brought back up to room temperature , which means that extra pressure relief valves have not yet been installed on the whole machine yet — that will have to wait until the next maintenance period .
Every sector but the one that failed last time has now been tested at full power , so the operators have some confidence in the machine now , even if they 're being cautious about bringing it all together — I can just picture them doing this with long sticks while hiding behind a couch .
In fact , some good has come out of all the wreckage — good is not the right word , but less - bad does n't roll off the tongue the same way .
During the repairs , the detectors were still operating and able to look at cosmic ray events .
This has allowed the operators to do a substantial amount of the alignment and calibration work as the LHC was repaired .
Now that the beams are circulating again , this will significantly shorten the gap between recording the first collisions and getting the detectors sufficiently calibrated that we can start identifying particles .
The critical question is , when do we get the new physics , guys ?
The lowest energy supersymmetric particles are expect to reside in the 1TeV range , which is just barely in the detectable range of the Tevatron and the current LHC operating energy .
But , to observe these particles , the LHC would have to stay at that energy for some time — of the order of many months — to generate a statistically significant sample of collisions .
Instead , the plan is to continue to increase the energy until ~ 3.5TeV is reached .
At this energy , it will take considerably less time to generate a statistically significant sample .
So , by not taking data now , the LHC staff are really saving themselves some time , as well as widening the net for higher - energy particles .
After a few months operating at 3.5TeV , the LHC 's energy will be slowly increased again , stopping at 5TeV ( if memory serves me correctly ) , and finally brought up to 7.5TeV , which is the maximum energy it was designed for .
The big question is the Higgs Boson .
The Tevatron has been searching for it , and cosmological observations have also narrowed the search ; it is now expected to lie at the upper end of the predicted energy range .
As such , it will take the LHC around about a year of data - collecting at full energy to detect the Higgs Boson — if it exists at all , of course .
Exciting times ahead .
Listing image by CERN
The New NIMBY - Defeating Wind Turbine
October 23rd , 2009 by Chris Milton
Wind turbines ?
Dontcha hate them !
Horrible things going round - and - round .
Roundandroundandroundandround .
They make a lot of noise , and bits seem to keep on falling off them .
Dangerous .
Then there ’s the NIMBY neighbours : “ Oh , we do n’t want one of those here , ” they say .
“ Renewable energy : yes .
Somewhere where it ’s inconvenient : NO ! ”
It ’s as though they think a wind - energy solution can be integrated into every house with minimal visual impact .
Well blow me down , it can !!
Ridgeblade is a fabulous wind - turbine solution from UK based The Power Collective .
It ’s very simple : instead of a large standalone windmill - like structure , put a long bladed turbine along the ridge of a building ’s roof .
The blades are about the same length as a medium wind turbine , so you can catch about the same amount of wind .
What ’s more , as these can be mounted along an existing roof , there ’s no need for an additional NIMBY - provoking superstructure .
So revolutionary is this approach that the company has won $ 750,000 from the Green Challenge Awards .
“ It ’s beyond a dream , ” said Power Collective CEO Dean Gregory when Skype founder Niklas Zennström announced him as the winner .
I ’ll bet : he ’d only entered the competition two days before the closing date !
This is the right kind of innovation , one which will bring a community together to provide energy together on a collective scale , rather than relying upon some far away power station to provide the same for a profit .
Let ’s hope it succeeds .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Last week Canadian officials travelled to Seoul for the latest round of closed - door negotiations on an international treaty called the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) .
Battling commercial counterfeiting would seem like a good idea , but leaks have revealed that ACTA – which has been conducted with unprecedented secrecy – is really about copyright , rather than counterfeiting .
My weekly technology law column ( Toronto Star version , homepage version ) notes that from the moment the talks began last year , observers noted the approach was far different from virtually any other international treaty negotiation .
Rather than negotiating in an international venue such as the United Nations and opening the door to any interested countries , ACTA partners consisted of a small group of countries ( Canada , United States , European Union , Japan , Korea , Australia , New Zealand , Mexico , Morocco , and Singapore ) meeting in secret and opposed broadening the process .
The substance of the treaty was also accorded the highest level of secrecy .
Draft documents were not released to the public and even the locations of negotiations were often kept under wraps .
In fact , the U.S. government refused to disclose information about the treaty on national security grounds .
Despite the efforts to keep the public in the dark , there has been a steady stream of leaks .
Earlier this year , it was revealed criminal provisions would target both commercial and non-commercial infringement , creating the prospect of jail time even in cases where there was no intent to profit .
Further , border guards would be given new powers to search people and seize products as they enter a country .
Just as negotiators were sitting down to discuss ACTA 's Internet - related provisions last Wednesday , information on those proposals also leaked .
The disclosures were the most disturbing to date , since they conclusively demonstrated that ACTA is fundamentally not a counterfeiting treaty , but rather one focused on copyright .
The Internet provisions feature specific requirements on the legal protection for digital locks that extend far beyond those required under international law .
Moreover , they would move Canada toward a three - strikes and you 're out approach that requires Internet providers to cut off subscriber access on three allegations of infringement .
Canada 's successful " notice and notice " approach to addressing infringing content hosted by Internet providers – adopted by both Conservative and Liberal copyright bills – would be rejected in favour of a U.S. model that requires removal of content without evidence of infringement .
The combined effect of these provisions would dramatically reshape Canadian copyright law and eliminate sovereign choice on domestic copyright policy .
These issues were at the heart of thousands of submissions as part of this summer 's national copyright consultation .
However , if Canada agrees to ACTA , flexibility would be lost and the government would be forced to implement a host of new reforms .
Such an approach contradicts recent comments from Industry Minister Tony Clement .
In an interview earlier this month , he stated " Canada and its international trading partners each have distinct copyright policies , laws and approaches for addressing the challenges and opportunities of the Internet .
Canada 's current framework provides strong intellectual property protections and our copyright laws apply in the digital context , including on the Internet .
Moreover , Canada 's regime for the protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights is fully consistent with its international obligations . "
Yet the ACTA provisions seek to remove those distinctions .
If adopted , the robust copyright debate that occurred over the summer would be rendered moot .
Instead , it would appear that a made - in - Canada approach would give way to decisions made last week at secret meetings in Seoul .
India ’s 9/11
One year ago this Thursday , 10 gunmen wreaked havoc across Mumbai .
The targets they attacked included two world - class hotels , a café popular with foreign tourists , the headquarters of India ’s Central Railways , and a Orthodox Jewish center .
One hundred and thirty - eight Indians were killed in the attacks , and 28 foreign nationals lost their lives as well .
It took almost 60 hours before commandos from India ’s National Security Guards killed the last of the remaining terrorists .
One of the gunmen was captured in the early hours of the attack .
Muhammad Ajmal Amir Kasab admitted to being a member of the Pakistani Islamist group Lashkar - e - Taiba , one of the most powerful militant groups in South Asia .
Pakistani promises to dismantle the group in the wake of the Mumbai attacks remain unfulfilled .
A year later Lashkar remains a potent force , capable of striking Indian as well as Western targets .
Lashkar ’s rise was facilitated by the Pakistani government , which supported the group ’s participation in the insurgency in Indian - controlled Kashmir .
After the Sept. 11 attacks in Washington and New York , Lashkar took pains to present itself as a purely Kashmir - focused organization , but its interests are much broader .
Although India has remained its primary target , Lashkar began waging a peripheral jihad against the West soon after 9/11 .
It has been involved in terrorist plots against Western targets and several years ago began deploying fighters to engage coalition forces in Afghanistan .
Despite this , Lashkar managed to maintain a low profile relative to its potent capabilities .
That changed last November .
The training and preparation provided to the militants involved in the Mumbai attacks highlight Lashkar ’s impressive organizational strength , and explain why the gunmen were able to carry on for several days .
Prior to the attack , the militants underwent approximately 10 months of training , including religious indoctrination , strength and endurance conditioning , extensive firearms practice , swimming and maritime instruction , map reading , and classes in counterintelligence .
They were taught to speak Hindi by an Indian national who was working as a Lashkar trainer , and received false identification cards with Hindu names in order to confuse Indian authorities and hide their true nationality .
Lashkar also commissioned extensive surveillance .
Two Indian operatives are currently facing trial for providing reconnaissance on targets selected for the attacks .
Indian authorities are investigating whether David Headley and Tahawwur Hussain Rana , two Pakistani -Americans who were arrested by U.S. authorities and allegedly connected to Lashkar , also assisted in surveilling some of the targets attacked last year .
One of Lashkar ’s goals was to halt peace talks between Islamabad and New Delhi and possibly to invite Indian retribution .
Peace is not only antithetical to Lashkar ’s ideology , it also would make the group irrelevant to the Pakistani state .
A belligerent Indian response would have increased Lashkar ’s utility to Pakistan and strengthened hardliners within the Pakistani security establishment .
The Mumbai attacks may rank as the most successful " terrorist spectacular " since 9/11 and certainly marked Lashkar ’s emergence onto the global jihadi scene .
Although Pakistan took some small steps to limit the group ’s activities , it never came close to dismantling the infrastructure that made Mumbai possible .
This reinforced the belief that Lashkar continues to enjoy the protection of the Pakistani military , especially its powerful spy agency , the Inter - Service Intelligence Directorate or ISI .
The question of whether elements in the Pakistani security establishment directed , supported , or were aware of the attacks remains unanswered .
Delhi has leveled accusations , but there is no definitive evidence to suggest official involvement .
Nevertheless , Lashkar historically has been Pakistan ’s most reliable proxy and , at the least , continues to enjoy the passive support of the state .
Pakistan has charged seven men in relation to the Mumbai attacks , including Lashkar ’s operational commander , Zaki-ur Rehman Lakhvi .
However , the court has yet to issue formal indictments , and the proceedings remain in the pre-trial phase .
Some Indian officials have expressed concern that most of the militants on trial are functionaries and criticized Pakistan for not going after more of Lashkar ’s leadership .
Pakistanis retort by complaining their country is not getting enough credit for putting these men on trial , even as some of them recognize more could have been done .
Approximately 100 Lashkar members were detained after the Mumbai attacks , but almost all of them were allowed to bleed back out onto the streets in the months that followed .
They ostensibly face travel restrictions and are subject to monitoring by the police .
But in my conversations with Western officials based in Pakistan as well as with several Lashkar militants , it became clear these restrictions have not impeded the group ’s ability to operate .
Lashkar ’s infrastructure also appears to remains more or less intact .
In the weeks after the attacks , Pakistani authorities shut down a number of relief camps run by the group ’s above - ground social welfare wing , the Jamaat - ud - Dawa ( JuD ) , that were used for training purposes .
These were replaced in relatively short order according to conversations with Lashkar militants and other interlocutors in Pakistan .
Some of Lashkar ’s training takes place in the ungoverned spaces of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) , but much of it is done in and around Pakistan - controlled Kashmir , where the military and police have a strong presence .
Some of the camps are mobile , but it is hard to believe the authorities are not aware of these activities .
For example , a government report seen by the Islamabad bureau of the BBC in June 2009 reported that Lashkar and several other militant groups were expanding operations in Pakistan - controlled Kashmir .
Locals told the BBC they complained to the authorities , but the report did not advocate any action other than continuing to observe the militants ’ activities .
The group ’s major compound at Muridke , where indoctrination for Kasab and many others allegedly began , is technically under government supervision .
But during a visit in May 2009 I saw no government administrators .
According to one JuD official at Muridke , these administrators oversee operations from Lahore , more than an hour ’s drive away , and only make weekly visits .
The situation at JuD headquarters in Lahore was no better .
I was denied access , but two Pakistani colleagues gained entrance to offer Friday prayers .
In addition to Lashkar commandos armed with submachine guns , they saw two functionaries openly soliciting donations for Lashkar ’s jihad and posters in the bookstore advertising jihadi literature .
This was not the only instance in which the group was flouting a state ban on fundraising or the sale of jihadi propaganda .
I saw collection boxes and the sale of jihadi propaganda elsewhere in the country during my last visit .
These activities continue to date , according to colleagues currently in Pakistan .
There is little question that Pakistan wishes to maintain the capability for proxy warfare , and Lashkar remains a lynchpin of this strategy .
Many of the country ’s other erstwhile proxies have all but abandoned the fight against India in favor of warring against the United States and their former masters .
Lashkar is different .
India remains its primary target , making the group Pakistan ’s most reliable proxy against its hated rival .
The issue of Kashmir , over which India and Pakistan have fought three wars , plays a major part in this calculus .
One senior member of Pakistan ’s security services told me that Lashkar ’s military infrastructure could be dismantled if Kashmir were settled appropriately — the subtext being that Pakistan would be willing to force the matter only if Kashmir were taken off the table .
But Kashmir is not the only obstacle to Lashkar ’s disarmament .
Members of the Pakistani security establishment remain convinced that India poses an existential threat to Pakistan .
They cite India ’s force structure , defense spending priorities and its doctrine of " cold start " designed to enable rapid deployment for limited war against Pakistan .
Given the disparity between the two countries in terms of size and economic strength , Pakistan cannot hope to compete with India on a level military playing field .
Developing a nuclear capability was one means of redressing this imbalance .
The use of irregular outfits like Lashkar is another .
There are domestic reasons for the group ’s survival too .
Lashkar not only continues to offer higher benefits as a geopolitical tool against India , it also poses lower costs than other militant groups in Pakistan .
Unlike most of these outfits , which have turned their guns on the state , Lashkar abstains from launching attacks inside the country .
Officials in Pakistan argue that it is foolish to crack down too swiftly , since this risks drawing Lashkar further into the war currently raging within the country ’s borders .
The dominant perception is that other countries — most notably India — would reap the benefits of dismantling Lashkar while Pakistan would be left to deal with the costs .
The largest threat Lashkar poses to Pakistan stems from the chance that another mass attack in India could envelop the country in a war with its nuclear - armed rival .
Earlier this month , Indian Home Minister P. Chidambaram issued one of his sternest warnings to date when he said India would respond to another major attack " with the force of a sledgehammer . "
As historically has been the case , Pakistan has tried to control Lashkar instead of dismantling it .
But this balancing act has become a lot more delicate in recent years as Lashkar has grown bolder — a fact born out by the Mumbai attacks .
A number of those I spoke with in Pakistan — inside and outside government — agree the group will need to be dismantled at some point .
But the consensus is that dealing with Lashkar will come at the tail end of any process to demobilize militant groups in the country .
As a result , the infrastructure that made the Mumbai attacks possible is likely to remain intact for the foreseeable future .
hazelynut Profile Blog Joined December 2008 United States 2111 Posts Last Edited : 2009-11-13 00:27:04 #
1
A programmer friend of mine kindly left this on my Facebook wall this morning : The Expressive Intelligence Studio at UC Santa Cruz will be hosting a StarCraft competition at AIIDE 2010 :
The 2010 conference on Artificial Intelligence and Interactive Digital Entertainment ( AIIDE 2010 ) will be hosting a StarCraft AI competition as part of the conference program .
This competition enables academic researchers to evaluate their AI systems in a robust commercial RTS environment .
The competition will be held in the weeks leading up to the conference .
The final matches will be held live at the conference with commentary .
Exhibition matches will also be held between skilled human players and the top performing bots .
I 'm curious as to who the " skilled human players " will be .
Maybe it's ...
Hey look !
It 's Bisu !
Registration seems to be open until next September , so it'll probably be a while until AIIDE 2010 actually takes place .
Just thought some people who like SC and programming would be interested - although it 's kind of unclear as to who can participate ( " participants " lists a few schools , so it might be exclusive to those schools only ) .
: Micro-management ( small groups of units on flat terrains )
: Small - scale Combat ( Stage 1 + Interesting terrain )
Tech - limited game ( StarCraft minus some of the more complex tech )
Complete StarCraft game
EDIT : The competition 's also been
I 'm curious as to who the " skilled human players " will be .
Maybe it's ... Registration seems to be open until next September , so it'll probably be a while until AIIDE 2010 actually takes place .
Just thought some people who like SC and programming would be interested - although it 's kind of unclear as to who can participate ( " participants " lists a few schools , so it might be exclusive to those schools only ) .
Tournament 1 : Micro- management ( small groups of units on flat terrains ) Tournament 2 : Small - scale Combat ( Stage 1 + Interesting terrain ) Tournament 3 : Tech - limited game ( StarCraft minus some of the more complex tech ) Tournament 4 : Complete StarCraft gameEDIT :
The competition 's also been slashdotted , where it 's being discussed by various people who do n't know too much : Perhaps a game not so dominated by rushing tactics would be a better choice of base game ?
It definitely seems an interesting idea , but there must be games better suited to an AI contest like this ...
lol .
Source
Tournament rules lol .
Zerg | life of lively to live to life of full life thx to shield battery | www.cstarleague.com <3
Shizuru~ Profile Blog Joined April 2009 Malaysia 1627 Posts # 2 there 's a thread on this in the general forum already ...
but still i must say , fascinating that they took up SC as the subject
meeple Profile Blog Joined April 2009 Canada 10211 Posts # 3
Actually this thread contains more details ... the other post should copy them before this gets closed
SonuvBob Profile Blog Joined October 2006 Aiur 21439 Posts # 4 Correct forum + better OP = winner Administrator
IskatuMesk Profile Blog Joined October 2008 Canada 969 Posts Last Edited : 2009-11-12 22:23:34 # 5
This is pretty cool .
It would be nice to see some experienced programmers enter the community of AI programming to bring out the potential of BWAPI which these guys have been working on for a very long time .
But make no mistake , creating an AI like this is not something you 'll pull out of a hat within a couple of months .
This will be a tremendous workload and an incredible challenge .
A semi-similar project I beta tested for Dawn of War , called Dawn of Skirmish , introduced things like advanced dancing and better pathing and stuff like that .
Not nearly as complicated as this , and that was in Lua .
It was created by a strong team of programmers , and it took them years to reach what they have now .
But you could always create an AI aimed for a very specific bracket , like the micro challenge , which would be a lot easier than trying to make an all - around AI .
Archon_Wing Profile Joined May 2004 United States 378 Posts # 6
Holy crap , we finally get to see a bisu bot !
Nothing witty here atm
thopol Profile Blog Joined May 2008 Japan 4560 Posts # 7 I 'm really not sure about the AI community for SC and how active it has been in the times since the game was initially released .
There are other RTS games that I know have extensive AI - building communities that I have always considered dope as fuck .
I 'm really pleased to see this announcement and I 'm interested to hear what comes of it .
Has there been an AI developing community surrounding StarCraft since its release ?
Is making AIs easy ( like it is in AoK for example ) ?
I really had n't thought too much about SC AI because I have treated the game more seriously competitive than other games in the genre , which of course it is .
Jyvblamo Profile Blog Joined June 2006 Canada 13670 Posts # 8
They better not pick some D- noob as the ' skilled human ' player .
Archon_Wing Profile Joined May 2004 United States 378 Posts # 9 On November 13 2009 07:37 Jyvblamo wrote :
They better not pick some D- noob as the ' skilled human ' player .
Ugh , I have a bad feeling about this lol .
Reminds me of someone who wrote an " article " about an AI competition by using an FFA on BGH or something like that .
Ugh , I have a bad feeling about this lol .
Reminds me of someone who wrote an " article " about an AI competition by using an FFA on BGH or something like that .
Nothing witty here atm
JiYan Profile Blog Joined February 2009 United States 3660 Posts # 10 cheese the comp !
Carnivorous Sheep Profile Blog Joined November 2008 Baa ?
14081 Posts # 11 Just have the comp 5 pool :D Translator Baa !
Archon_Wing Profile Joined May 2004 United States 378 Posts Last Edited : 2009-11-12 22:55:52 # 12
The comp should be able to BM the player when it starts losing .
Then you can truly have the online experience offline .
Nothing witty here atm
toopham Profile Blog Joined December 2005 United States 551 Posts # 13
This competition is a little unfair is n't it ?
To make a good AI for starcraft you would need to know build orders for each match up .
scout and detect what your opponent is making .
Then play accordingly to what your opponent is doing .
This requires you to be at least D+ just to make good AI for starcraft .
So the people who play SC competitively have an advantage .
DIE !!!
hazelynut Profile Blog Joined December 2008 United States 2111 Posts # 14
Actually , Bad mannered in game behavior is discouraged , but not forbidden Zerg | life of lively to live to life of full life thx to shield battery | www.cstarleague.com <3
Jyvblamo Profile Blog Joined June 2006 Canada 13670 Posts # 15 On November 13 2009 08:02 hazelynut wrote :
Actually ,
Show nested quote +
Bad mannered in game behavior is discouraged , but not forbidden Actually ,
Hahaha , that 's awesome .
Wish my school 's AI contests used SC .
t_t Hahaha , that 's awesome .
Wish my school 's AI contests used SC .
t_t
thunk Profile Blog Joined March 2008 United States 6233 Posts # 16
What maps are being used for the complete games ?
I do n't know much about AIs , but would n't the fact that the games are played on 1 map make it much easier to program ?
Every time Jung Myung Hoon builds a vulture , two probes die .
||
My post count was a palindrome and I was never posting again .
IskatuMesk Profile Blog Joined October 2008 Canada 969 Posts # 17 On November 13 2009 08:08 thunk wrote :
What maps are being used for the complete games ?
I do n't know much about AIs , but would n't the fact that the games are played on 1 map make it much easier to program ?
Check out the info of the tournament sections .
They contain the map pools .
For the full games , they 're Bo5 and the maps are supposedly ,
* Python
* Andromeda
* Destination
* Tau Cross
* Heartbreak Ridge
http://eis.ucsc.edu/StarCraftTournament4
Check out the info of the tournament sections .
They contain the map pools .
For the full games , they 're Bo5 and the maps are supposedly , * Python * Andromeda * Destination * Tau Cross * Heartbreak Ridge
mnm Profile Blog Joined August 2003 United States 4493 Posts # 18 Cool .
I have n't made use of my AI degree since I graduated .
This would have been great motivation .
What 's the prize for winning ?
http://www.teamliquid.net/store
http://www.teamliquid.net/gallery/
cgrinker Profile Blog Joined December 2007 United States 3802 Posts # 19
There 's no prize for winning the tourny at least .
I was thinking of getting into this .
I was looking at the API and you can assign orders to individual units really easily .
Instant mine killing DTs and pefect Vulture Micro sounds pretty sweet .
LTT Profile Blog Joined March 2003 Shakuras 1095 Posts # 20 From the rules :
Bad mannered in game behavior is discouraged , but not forbidden
A bad mannered AI ?
Someone needs to get on that right away ...
1 2 3 4 5 8 9 10 Next All
Contact David R. Yannetti , a Top Rated Criminal Defense Lawyer Serving Massachusetts
If you are being investigated or may be under investigation for a crime that allegedly took place in Massachusetts , you should contact a well - qualified trial lawyer who focuses his or her practice solely on criminal defense work .
Going unrepresented should not be an option , as the stakes are too high and , without the proper advice , you could unknowingly talk yourself into getting charged , arrested and / or convicted .
Hiring a " general practitioner " who practices different types of law could also lead to trouble , as a criminal - defense specialist would be more likely to keep up on the latest important developments in criminal law -- and would be more likely to focus his attention on your individual case .
You should also be aware that there are many things an experienced and skillful criminal defense attorney can do to resolve a criminal case before it results in charges and / or a trial , either of which could have a devastating effect on your life .
If you have already been charged , however , and you need someone who will do everything they can in order to fight for you , Attorney Yannetti and his criminal - defense law firm provide the best representation you can obtain anywhere , right here in Boston .
Toyota 's told dealers to attach recalled floor mats to seat frames on the driver 's side of affected vehicles with self - locking zip ties to prevent them from snagging on gas pedals , causing unintended acceleration and then , fiery death .
Yes , zip ties .
Advertisement
Toyota spokesman Brian Lyons told Automotive News : " We have reviewed with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration what we 're calling a semipermanent floor mat installation process , and we 're providing these instructions to our dealers . "
Advertisement
Lyons says the mats are to be secured to the driver 's seat frame with " nylon self - locking wire ties , " described as plastic straps that loop back into themselves and lock when pulled tight .
In other words " zip ties . "
Dealers also are to attach a label to the wire tie warning dealers and customers to ensure that the mat is secured with restraining straps and not to stack one mat over another .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Although we always knew either duct tape or zip ties would save us all from fiery death , but we'd love to see some proof in the way of the " mat installation process " from a Toyota dealership .
Anyone out there have the instructions or can find them for us ?
Similarly , anyone have pictures of the " semipermanent " solution in action ?
Also , in case you 're unsure whether your car is affected , here 's our handy flow - chart .
[ AutoNews via TCC ]
GOP Sees ‘ Win - Win ’ as Stupak Splits Dems
Created : November 12 , 2009 06:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Anti-abortion protesters in front of the U.S. Capitol ( Flickr : John Stephen Dwyer )
On Saturday , 64 Democrats backed Rep. Bart Stupak ’s ( D - Mich . ) amendment to prevent abortions from being funded with taxpayer money in the comprehensive House health care bill .
On Wednesday morning , House Majority Whip James Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) attempted to soothe the jangled nerves of pro-abortion rights activists who were lighting up switchboards and issuing not - another - dime fund - raising threats against the party for letting it happen .
“ It was not 40 votes that we were trying to get with this amendment , ” Clyburn said in an interview with MSNBC .
“ It was 10 votes .
And that ’s the fact . ”
[ GOP ] Republicans and anti-abortion rights activists were n’t buying it .
Clyburn ’s after - the - fact spin was incorrect ; Democrats could have passed the bill without courting the anti-abortion rights members of their conference who wanted Stupak ’s amendment .
By letting it pass , a decision intended to give some temporary cover to vulnerable incumbents ended up opening a rift in their party .
In interviews with TWI , Republicans and activists explained their theory behind a contentious–and in the end , rewarding –heat - of - the - moment decision to back an amendment to a bill that all of them want to see go down in flames .
The move to back Stupak ’s amendment came after lobbying from a bevy of anti-abortion rights groups , including –perhaps most importantly –the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops .
And while some conservatives are still critical of the party for not killing the amendment and trying to sink the bill with it , most are coming around to the view that the alliance with conservative Democrats had , in the words of one long - time conservative activist , “ dropped a bomb ” in the Democratic conference .
“ If defeating Stupak would n’t [ have changed ] the outcome on Saturday , ” said Brad Dayspring , a spokesman for Minority Whip Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) , “ then it is clearly evident that having it in and sparking a civil war amongst the Democrats is the best way to stop the overall bill . ”
The Republican rush to support Stupak ’s amendment was controversial from the very moment it occurred .
Rep. John Shadegg ( R - Ariz . ) , who was in the end the only Republican to vote “ present ” on the amendment , scorched fellow members of the minority for not joining him and sinking it .
National Right to Life Committee warned Republicans it would score a “ present ” vote as a “ no . ”
“ If Republicans had voted ‘ present ’ as a group , since we are the party of Life , we would have defined the ‘ present ’ vote as the pro-life vote .
Doing so would have denied the purported pro-life Democrats cover .
Given the extremely narrow margin of victory for the bill , it ’s highly likely that without the Stupak language , it would have been defeated . ”
Several other conservatives made this same argument to TWI , and criticized anti-abortion rights groups like the Family Research Council , National Right to Life , and Americans United for Life for backing the amendment and counting “ aye ” votes as “ pro-life ” votes .
But in a lengthy Monday blog post for The Weekly Standard , John McCormack captured much of the thinking of Republican staffers and strategists –that Democrats were going to win the vote no matter what , and that to vote down the Stupak amendment would have been hypocritical and cynical .
“ Bringing down Stupak , ” wrote McCormack , “ would have seriously hurt the effort to defeat Obamacare . ”
Anti-abortion rights groups backed up that assessment .
“ If the pro-life members of the House suddenly , cynically , pulled out the rug from under Stupak , ” said Doug Johnson , the legislative director of the National Right to Life Committee , “ they would have been asking for defeat .
I mean , that would have been a terrific gift to the left .
Pro-abortion groups–I ’m including pro-Obama front groups who claim to be pro-life groups –would have shouted from the rooftops :
‘ You see , they do n’t really care about the abortion issue , and when they had a chance they torpedoed it !’
It would have been a train - wreck . ”
Marjorie Dannenfelser , the president of the anti-abortion rights Susan B. Anthony List , agreed with Johnson .
Her group marshaled 300,000 emails and phone calls to Congress to back the amendment .
“ For every single Republican save one to insist on a vote on this , then kill it with ‘ present ’ votes , would have been cynical beyond words , ” Dannenfelser said .
The situation for Republicans now , she argued , is a “ win-win , ” as it forces Democrats to stiff dozens of key members .
Only one Republican , Rep. Joseph Cao ( R - La. ) , voted for the bill , doing so after backing the Stupak amendment .
“ Think about [ Speaker of the House Nancy ] Pelosi looking at two letters on her desk , ” said Dannenfelser .
“ I ’ve got one letter saying if I do n’t take it out , 41 Democrats will vote against it .
I ’ve got another letter saying keep it in or pro-life Democrats will vote against it .
Either way you come up with coalition that can defeat it . ”
The ripples of the Stupak vote are hitting the Senate before they can hit Pelosi .
A major reason for Republican and conservative self - congratulation about the amendment is the puzzle it ’s created for Sen.
Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) .
A semi-reliable vote against abortion rights until he became his party ’s Senate leader in 2004 , Reid is in the position of crafting language that can appeal to Sen.
Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) –who has said he approves of the Stupak amendment –provide cover to Democrats like Sen. Bob Casey ( D - Penn . ) , and avoid losing pro-abortion rights votes like that of Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - N.Y . )
“ They ’re in a major bind , ” said Michael Franc , director of government relations at the Heritage Foundation .
“ The only way to get out of it is for one of the two Democratic camps to go against something they believe deeply .
There has to be intellectual flanking movement , somebody convincing them that the future of party at stake , they ca n’t let this 100 - year achievement flounder over this one thing . ”
For anti-abortion rights activists , the muddle is a victory nine months in the making .
“ If it had n’t been for National Right to Life working in the trenches since January , ” said Douglas Johnson , “ this legislation would have passed sooner and by a larger margin .
Remember , the president and the speaker and much of the mainstream media had been saying all year long that abortion was n’t in the bill .
If they had been able to pull off this smuggling operation , it would have moved faster and passed sooner . ”
It happened , said Johnson , because of “ the tenacity of pro-life Democrats like Stupak . ”
None of the anti-abortion rights groups that supported an “ aye ” vote on the Stupak amendment will support the final bill .
Dannenfelser and Johnson pointed to so - called “ rationing , ” that Conservatives fear would empower bureaucrats to deny care to some patients , and the exclusion of conscience provisions in the health care bill as surefire reasons why “ pro-life ” activists would be unable to support it .
At the same time , they and Republicans suggested that if the health care bill survived with much of the Stupak language intact , it would be a victory unthinkable just a few months ago .
“ If the Stupak amendment is in there , I would definitely define it as one of most important life votes in more than a decade , ” said Johnson .
“ You ’d have to go back to 1993 .
Clinton comes in .
Everyone thinks the Hyde amendment [ former Rep. Henry Hyde 's ( R - Ill . ) legislation that banned federal funds paying for abortions ] is gone , and they are absolutely shocked the day we renew Hyde on the floor of the House . ”
This article has been updated for clarity .
A few days ago I got a tweet that my personal blog was hacked .
I checked it out and found an animated Turkish flag and some text where my blog used to be .
My hosting company had already noticed what had happened and only minutes later everything was back to normal again .
The WordPress install that I used on my personal blog turned out to be old and vulnerable .
The hacker had managed to replace my private emailaddress with a temporary hotmail address and used that to gain access and replace my index. php file .
At first I shrugged it off and was ready to forget about the whole thing but then I decided to email the hacker and ask for an interview .
I was wondering why he picked my blog , what his goals were and why he used that turkish text and flag .
I did n’t expect any answer but within a few hours the hacker replied and agreed to an interview via MSN .
Here it is , verbatim :
Hi
Hey !
Hi
Sorry , was busy for a moment there .
So how are you today ?
Fine and youy ?
Very good .
Can U ask you a few questions about hacking my blog ?
Will use it for a blogpost on TheNextWeb.com
Yes you can
Cool .
First : how did you do it ?
Well , I used a vulnerability to bypass the admin account .
A vulnerability in an old version of PHPMy Admin , right ?
No in the wordpress itself .
Really ?
Cool .
And that allowed you to reset the master emailaddress ?
Yes , exactly .
So how did you find out my blog was vulnerable and why did you pick my blog ?
Well , I just searched with google some blogs and I found yours .
You searched for blogs running older versions of WordPress ?
There must me millions of those right ?
Yes , but they are not all vulnerable and I did n’t hacked just your website .
Ah , so how many websites do you hack a week and how many have you hacked in total ?
Well , in total I do n’t know but in a week if I have time I can hack a maximum of 50 thousand website , it depends if I found a vulnerability or not .
50,000 websites ???
Amazing !
So why do you do it ?
Well , we are a hacking team so we do this to protest against somethings , for example the last month I think there was a genocide agains the Uygurs in the west of China and we just hacked around one thousand websites of the chinesse government .
Our web page is : www.ayyildiz.org
On my website you replaced my blog with a Turkish text ( which i could n’t read ) and an animated GIF of the turkish flag , right ?
What was that for ?
Well , it was a power demonstration operation against our ennemies so that ’s it .
Enemies ?
Who are your enemies then ?
Are they Turkish ?
Well , we have a lot of ennemies , our bigest ennemies are Russian hackers and Brazilian hackers .
How much traffic or attention does it get you to hack blogs ?
I mean , it seems not so effective to go through all the trouble of hacking blog and then displaying a message that only Turkish people can read , right ?
Yes , of course your right , but it was because of a power demonstration , we hacked the United Union this year and there was a message to them , if you want you can search about it , I saw it in the European press .
Okay , that sounds like you could learn a lesson in marketing if you ask me .
If I would hack 50,000 blogs a week I would make sure to have a multi-language message there , a link to my website and a cool design .
Next question : do you know how long blogs stay hacked on average ?
My host restored my blog within the hour and I ’m wondering how long it generally takes before blogs get restored ?
Well , it depends , in general it takes 2 or 3 days .
Do you have a link to a blog you hacked this week that has n’t been restored yet ?
Wait a moment I will look .
There is one I think :
http://www.serviaduanas.com/
Are you ever ashamed or burdened for causing so many people so much trouble ?
I ’m sure you really ruin some peoples day , or even week , with this .
Does n’t it ever bother you ?
Well :D , actually if I do n’t hack those websites some other people will find the vulnerability and hack it so I do n’t think about it .
But yes I know it ruins some peoples day because I had also I website hacked .
That really is n’t a good excuse right ?
You can always make the personal choice not to do it .
Just because some people steal does n’t mean you have to do it too ?
But okay , next question : how old are you ?
I ’m 17 years old .
What are your plans for the future ?
Well , I ’m a student and I ’m in the economie section of my school , in the future I would like to be a broker or something like that but I wo n’t stop hacking because it ’s just like a game for me .
A game that could get you jailed and annoys a lot of people ?
Next question :
You mentioned that you were surprised that I contacted you .
Why ?
How many people contact you when their blogs get hacked ?
Well , generally if somebody contacts me he or she just insults me and his or her situation becames more bad .
So yes I was surprised to be contacted for a short interview .
I see , and if they insult you you take that as an invitation to hack them again ?
There ’s an article about the UN but it ’s Turkish : http://www.haberturk.com/haber.asp?id=161133&cat=180&dt=2009/07/27
Well , yes and sometimes I just bomb their e-mail account so that they ca n’t use it more .
You sounds like a skilled hacker .
Do n’t you think you could use those skills for more interesting stuff ?
Like starting a company online or working as a developer ?
Yes , of course I think I can start a company but for starting a company we need time and that ’s the biggest problem , as I ’m a student I have to study .
But you do find the time to hack 50,000 websites a week ? :-)
So , thank you for your time .
Is there anything you would like to tell me or our readers ?
Well , I thank you too for spending your time and no I do n’t want to say something special to your readers .
Well , I do have one last request : please do n’t hack me anymore …
Okey :)
Read next : Die dunkle Seite der neuen Twitter Listen
German chancellor Angela Merkel 's cabinet agreed today to extend a part - time work scheme that encourages firms to pare back the hours of their employees rather than fire them .
The scheme , known by its German name " Kurzarbeit " , has played a significant role in keeping the labour market stable through the country 's worst downturn since World War Two .
Unemployment in Europe 's largest economy has declined for the past four months , although layoffs are expected to pick up in 2010 , pushing up the jobless rate , which stood at 8.1 per cent in October on a seasonally - adjusted basis .
The government extended the scheme , under which the government subsidises workers on reduced hours , by one year until the end of 2010 .
Starting next year , the amount of time companies can make use of the scheme will be reduced to 18 months from two years .
" The Kurzarbeit scheme has proved to be an effective instrument for preventing job losses during the crisis , " government spokesman Christoph Steegmans said .
" The economy is gaining momentum but preserving jobs in 2010 remains a challenge and therefore the government believes an extension of the period during which Kurzarbeit can be used is justified . "
The Labour Office , which runs the scheme for the government , is expected to spend over € 5 billion on it this year .
Earlier this month , the head of the Labour Office Frank - Juergen Weise said the scheme might be giving workers false hopes they would return to full - time work at a later date and that it could merely be delaying a wave of layoffs .
Reuters
AV - Comparatives.org recently released the results of a malware removal tests with which they evaluated 16 anti-virus software solutions :
Avast Professional Edition 4.8
AVG Anti-Virus 8.5
AVIRA AntiVir Premium 9.0
BitDefender Anti-Virus 2010
e Scan Anti-Virus 10.0
ESET NOD32 Antivirus 4.0
F- Secure AntiVirus 2010
G DATA AntiVirus 2010
Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2010
Kingsoft AntiVirus 9
McAfee VirusScan Plus 2009
Microsoft Security Essentials 1.0
Norman Antivirus & Anti-Spyware 7.10
Sophos Anti-Virus 7.6
Symantec Norton Anti-Virus 2010
Trustport Antivirus 2009 .
The test focused only on the malware removal / cleaning capabilities , therefore all used samples were samples that the tested antivirus products were able to detect .
The main question was if the products are able to successfully remove malware
from an already infected / compromised system .
The test report was aimed to typical home users .
A further question was if the products are able to remove what they are able to detect .
Based on a scoring system that evaluated malware and leftovers removal capabilities , these were the results :
“ None of the products performed “ very good ” in malware removal or removal of leftovers , based on those 10 samples .
eScan , Symantec and Microsoft ( MSE ) were the only products to be good in removal of malware AND removal of leftovers ” , says the report .
“ Some products do not remove all registry entries on purpose ( as long as they do not have any visible side effect for the user ) , e.g. if that helps to prevent reinfection by the same malware .
Furthermore , in some cases it is not possible to know if the registry values ( or the hosts file ) were modified by the malware or by the user itself ( or third - party utilities used by the user ) . ”
To see which malware sample were used and why , and how the particular anti-virus solutions behaved , go here .
This site will work and look better in a browser that supports web standards , but it is accessible to any browser or Internet device .
" Dear Diary , Today I was pompous and my sister was crazy ...
Today , we were kidnapped by hill folk never to be seen again .
It was the best day ever . "
11973 members | you are not logged in | 01 October 2020
November 02 2009
I am Joss Whedon , the mastermind behind Titan A.E. , Parenthood ( not the movie ) ( or the new series ) ( or the one where ' hood ' was capitalized ' cause it was a pun ) , and myriad other legendary tales .
I have heard through the ' grapevine ' that the Terminator franchise is for sale , and I am prepared to make a pre-emptive bid RIGHT NOW to wrap this dealio up .
This is not a joke , this is not a scam , this is not available on TV .
I will write a check TODAY for $ 10,000 , and viola !
Terminator off your hands .
No , you did n't miscount .
That 's four -- FOUR ! -- zeroes after that one .
That 's to show you I mean business .
And I mean show business .
Nikki Finke says the Terminator concept is played .
Well , here 's what I have to say to Nikki Finke : you are a fine journalist and please do n't ever notice me .
The Terminator story is as formative and important in our culture -- and my pretend play -- as any I can think of .
It 's far from over .
And before you Terminator - Owners ( I have trouble remembering names ) rush to cash that sweet cheque , let me give you a taste of what I could do with that franchise :
1 ) Terminator ... of the Rings !
Yeah , what if he time - travelled TOO far ... back to when there was dragons and wizards ?
( I think it was the Dark Ages . ) Hasta La Vista , Boramir !
Cool , huh ?
" Now you gonna be Gandalf the Red ! " RRRRIP !
But then he totally helps , because he 's a cyborg and he does n't give a s#& % about the ring -- it has no power over him !
And he can carry it AND Frodo AND Sam AND f@%& up some orcs while he 's doing it .
This stuff just comes to me .
I mean it .
( I will also offer $ 10,000 for the Lord of the Rings franchise ) .
2) More Glau .
Hey .
There 's a reason they 're called " Summer " movies .
3 ) Can you say ... musical ?
Well do n't .
Even I know that 's an awful idea .
4 ) Christian Bale 's John Connor will get a throat lozenge .
This will also help his Batwork ( ten grand for that franchise too , btw . )
5 ) More porn .
John Connor never told Kyle Reese this , but his main objective in going to the past was to get some .
What if there 's a lot of future - babies that have to be made ?
Cue wah - wah pedal guitar -- and dollar signs !
6 ) The movies will stop getting less cool .
Okay .
There 's more -- this brain do n't quit !
( though it has occasionally been fired ) -- but I think you get my drift .
I really believe the Terminator franchise has only begun to plumb the depths of questioning the human condition during awesome stunts , and I 'd like to shepherd it through the next phase .
The money is there , but more importantly , the heart is there .
But more importantly , money .
Think about it .
End this bloody bidding war before it begins , and put the Terminator in the hands of someone who watched the first one more than any other movie in college , including " Song of Norway " ( no current franchise offer ) .
Sincerely , Joss Whedon .
An Open Letter to the Terminator Owners .
From a Very Important Hollywood Mogul Dear Sirs / Ma'ams , I am Joss Whedon , the mastermind behind Titan A.E. , Parenthood ( not the movie ) ( or the new series ) ( or the one where ' hood ' was capitalized ' cause it was a pun ) , and myriad other legendary tales .
I have heard through the ' grapevine ' that the Terminator franchise is for sale , and I am prepared to make a pre-emptive bid RIGHT NOW to wrap this dealio up .
This is not a joke , this is not a scam , this is not available on TV .
I will write a check TODAY for $ 10,000 , and viola !
Terminator off your hands .
No , you did n't miscount .
That 's four -- FOUR ! -- zeroes after that one .
That 's to show you I mean business .
And I mean show business .
Nikki Finke says the Terminator concept is played .
Well , here 's what I have to say to Nikki Finke : you are a fine journalist and please do n't ever notice me .
The Terminator story is as formative and important in our culture -- and my pretend play -- as any I can think of .
It 's far from over .
And before you Terminator - Owners ( I have trouble remembering names ) rush to cash that sweet cheque , let me give you a taste of what I could do with that franchise : 1 ) Terminator ... of the Rings !
Yeah , what if he time - travelled TOO far ... back to when there was dragons and wizards ?
( I think it was the Dark Ages . ) Hasta La Vista , Boramir !
Cool , huh ?
" Now you gonna be Gandalf the Red ! " RRRRIP !
But then he totally helps , because he 's a cyborg and he does n't give a s#& % about the ring -- it has no power over him !
And he can carry it AND Frodo AND Sam AND f@%& up some orcs while he 's doing it .
This stuff just comes to me .
I mean it .
( I will also offer $ 10,000 for the Lord of the Rings franchise ) .
2 ) More Glau .
Hey .
There 's a reason they 're called " Summer " movies .
3 ) Can you say ... musical ?
Well do n't .
Even I know that 's an awful idea .
4 ) Christian Bale 's John Connor will get a throat lozenge .
This will also help his Batwork ( ten grand for that franchise too , btw . ) 5 ) More porn .
John Connor never told Kyle Reese this , but his main objective in going to the past was to get some .
What if there 's a lot of future - babies that have to be made ?
Cue wah - wah pedal guitar -- and dollar signs !
6 ) The movies will stop getting less cool .
Okay .
There 's more -- this brain do n't quit !
( though it has occasionally been fired ) -- but I think you get my drift .
I really believe the Terminator franchise has only begun to plumb the depths of questioning the human condition during awesome stunts , and I 'd like to shepherd it through the next phase .
The money is there , but more importantly , the heart is there .
But more importantly , money .
Think about it .
End this bloody bidding war before it begins , and put the Terminator in the hands of someone who watched the first one more than any other movie in college , including " Song of Norway " ( no current franchise offer ) .
Sincerely , Joss Whedon .
This thread has been closed for new comments .
You need to
About
You need to log in to be able to post comments .
About membership
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
What kind of health care coverage does the nation ’s top health insurance lobbyist have ?
Her trade group refuses to say .
Karen Ignagni is the health insurance industry ’s main defender in Washington .
As the president and CEO of America ’s Health Insurance Plans ( AHIP ) , the industry ’s lobby , she represents all the big insurance companies : WellPoint , Aetna , UnitedHealth , and CIGNA , among others .
As such , she ’s one of the leading opponents of the so - called public option — a proposed government - run health care plan that would compete with private plans as a way of lowering costs .
AHIP recently organized 50,000 insurance company employees to fan out to congressional town hall meetings to fight the public option , which the industry views as a major threat to its bottom line .
They recognize that without having to pay enormous executive salaries or hire corporate jets , the government - run plan might be cheap enough to steal away a big chunk of their business .
But despite Ignagni ’s role as what some lefties might consider the Darth Vader of health care reform , she has not launched World War III on President Obama ’s health care reform plan .
Instead , she ’s taken a more conciliatory approach , getting the industry to take a seat at the table and adopting the strategy of trying to shape the legislation to her liking rather than seeking to block it outright .
She ’s promised that insurers will stop denying coverage to people with preexisting conditions and will end a bunch of other heinous but common practices .
( Of course , any reform plan that includes a mandate for people to buy insurance is good for insurance companies , as it brings in more paying customers . )
A former Democratic
Hill staffer and union official , Ignagni sounds eminently reasonable on TV and in interviews when she talks about how important it is to make sure all Americans have access to health insurance .
But hearing Ignagni wax poetic about the need to fix health care has often made me wonder just how much experience she ’s had as a consumer of the products sold by the companies she represents .
As someone with a $ 2,000 deductible , I had questions , like : How high are Ignagni ’s own deductibles ?
What are her maximum out - of - pocket costs ?
Does she have to get a referral before she can see a specialist ?
What ’s her copay and can she pick her doctor ?
So last week I inquired about her insurance coverage .
I started by putting my questions to AHIP spokesman Robert Zirkelbach , one of Ignagni ’s gatekeepers .
The response ?
“ Politely , no , I do n’t think we ’re going to get into that . ”
In flack - speak , he gave me a lecture on how “ the issue here is that everyone here needs to have access to health care . ”
I asked him , politely , if he would send my questions up the food chain so that Ignagni could answer them directly , even if that answer was “ no comment . ”
But Zirkelbach declined .
“ The person you are talking to is me , ” he said .
I thanked him for his time and mentioned offhand that he might be risking the ire of Ignagni , the woman who pledged AHIP ’s commitment to passing health care reform , but Zirkelbach was unmoved .
“ We ’re not going to get into the benefit packages of AHIP employees , ” he said , ending our conversation .
Five minutes later he called me back to add that all AHIP employees have the same choice of benefit packages .
What those are , he did n’t say .
Stable and unstable branches are something that every open - source developer , project manager , or general software user should be aware of .
The idea is that while you work on a new version of your software , you maintain the current version by working on bug - fixes and small tweaks .
A great example of this methodology is Mozilla Firefox .
They already have branches for 3.6 and 4.0 , but if a bug is noticed in 3.5. x they can still make a fix without worrying about any of their 3.6 + features getting in the way .
To do this using Git ( a distributed version control system ) is very simple when compared to other version control systems like Subversion .
In Subversion have to keep careful notes of which trunk updates you have merged into your branch , spend ages looking through logs for the correct merge points and messing around with long URL based merge commands .
IF you do n’t know what I ’m talking about , do n’t worry .
Subversion sucks so put it out of your mind .
Branch naming conventions
By default , every Git repo has one branch called master .
I like to make sure this branch always has a relatively stable release of the code so although it can be considered “ bleeding edge ” , a user should always be able to pull and not be bombarded with errors .
So if master contains our current release , what should we call our new branch ?
Let ’s use PyroCMS as an example so we have some numbers to work with .
The current release of PyroCMS at time of writing is v0.9.7.2 , and that sits in the master .
I have created a new branch called v0.9.8 - dev to contain all new features for v0.9.8 .
Creating the branches
when in master git branch v0.9.8-dev
git checkout v0.9.8-dev
git push origin v0.9.8-dev
This creates a branch for user A , switches to it and pushes it to the origin remote repository .
Once thats done , other people can use it via :
when in master git branch v0.9.8-dev
git checkout v0.9.8-dev
git pull origin v0.9.8-dev
This creates a branch on user B ’s local repository , switches to it and pulls the current copy of v0.9.8 - dev merging in any of their master changes at the same time ( effectively updating the branch too ) .
Submitting work
Now everybody has a branch , people can switch between master and v0.9.8 - dev putting their code into whichever branch is relevant for the task .
For this use the usual combination of git status , git add and git commit ( a.k.a “ S.A.C ” = if you do n’t run status , add , then commit I will SAC your ass from the team ) .
git status
Shows which files have been changed .
Nothing will be added to the commit until you run add / rm .
git add folderA folderB / fileB1.html fileC*.php
That will add anything in folderA , only file B1.html within folderB and file C1.php , file C2.php , file C3. php etc .
With selective use of add and rm you should be able to avoid committing anything you do n’t mean to , like cache files or your database config files ( you know who I ’m talking about guys :- p ) .
With that done , commit with with a simple :
git commit -m “ This system now makes tea quicker and better than before . ”
And finally , a quick pull then a push .
when in master git pull master
git checkout v0.9.8-dev
git merge master
git push
Doing this ensures that the most up to date copy of master has been downloaded , v0.9.8 - dev is switched to and master changes are merged in .
Then by using git push and ommiting the remote name and branch , it will just push everything meaning master and v0.9.8 - dev are updated simultaneously .
Releasing new versions
When you are ready to release a new version of your stable branch , you run the following :
git checkout master
git tag v0.9.7.3
git push origin v0.9.7.3
If instead you wish to release the new major version , you need to make sure it has all of your master changes and then :
git checkout master
git merge v0.9.8-dev
git tag v0.9.8
git push
git push origin :v0.9.8-dev
For most of you , that command is probably the most confusing of the lot .
What this does it switch to master , merge in all of your v0.9.8 - dev branch changes , tag the new release in the local repository and then push everything to your remote .
Then right at the end it deletes the unstable branch and your transition is complete !
That then means its time to blog , tweet then party .
Your new version is out and that means go to the pub as quick as possible with your phone off so you do n’t have to worry about bug - fixes .
Tomorrow - when the hangover wears off - it ’s time to go back to the start and begin working on your new stable and unstable versions .
Bing will use Wolfram 's algorithms and data sets Microsoft has teamed up with a web tool once hailed as a rival to Google to provide results for its search engine Bing .
Wolfram Alpha aims to answer questions directly , rather than display a list of links like a search engine .
The " computational knowledge engine " is the brainchild of British - born physicist Stephen Wolfram .
It will be used to bolster Bing 's results in areas such as nutrition , health and mathematics .
The partnership will initially be rolled out in the US .
Bing has been gradually grabbing market share from other search engines since its launch in May .
Figures from Experian Hitwise suggest its market share in the US rose from 8.96 % in September to 9.57 % in October .
The figures put it well behind market leader Google which has 70.6 % of the market .
' Diet tool ' Wolfram Alpha differentiates itself from standard search engines by attempting to answer questions directly .
The tool computes many of the answers " on the fly " by grabbing raw data from public and licensed databases .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
People can use the system to look up simple facts - such as the height of Mount Everest - or crunch several data sets together to produce new results , such as a country 's GDP .
The data it consults is chosen and managed by staff at Wolfram Research who ensure it can be displayed by the system .
The Wolfram team said the new partnership with Bing would allow Microsoft to access " tens of thousands of algorithms and trillions of pieces of data " to incorporate into its results .
Microsoft said that the nutritional and fitness data in Wolfram Alpha could be of use to the " roughly 90 million Americans " who choose diet to each year .
" When you search for specific food items on Bing , you 'll get a nutrition quick tab that allows you to learn more about it , " the firm said .
" You also get a nutrition facts label at the bottom of the results page that summarises all information on that food item in a very familiar and friendly format . "
The partnership was made possible by Wolfram 's decision to offer an API ( Application Programming Interface ) in October .
APIs are a set of protocols and tools offered by a firm to allow third party developers to build tools and services for a platform .
They have become increasingly common amongst web firms , such as Facebook and Twitter , who use them to extend their reach beyond their own website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is this the world 's best body art ?
Stunning eye - deceiving images reveal an artist at the top of his game
Body art is an art form that stretches back thousands of years , although for one American artist , it is as relevant today as it ever was .
Craig
Tracy paints stunning images on people 's bodies before photographing them in unique poses .
The resulting collection of masterpieces could be regarded as some of the best body painting in the world by an artist at the top of his game .
' Butterfly ' : Mr Tracy painted the leopard 's eyes onto the floor while the back of a female volunteer , facing the floor , forms the rest of its face .
A butterfly makes up the creature 's nose
' It is an emerging art form that is continuing to grow , yet it is the second oldest visual art in the world , next to drawing in the dirt , ' said 42 - year - old Mr Tracy .
' I enjoy sharing something and showing people art that is exciting . '
Mr Tracy uses water - based paint which he spends up to nine hours applying to his models ' bodies .
Pictured : ' Magic ' ( L ) and ' Toes ' ( R )
The works are so life - like , you'd be forgiven for thinking that you were staring into the eyes of a real leopard with ' Butterfly ' .
In fact , the animal has been painted onto a woman 's body and the floor behind her .
A speeding cheetah , a dazzling sunflower and even ultra-realistic lightning bolts flashing over an angry ocean are just some of the breathtaking masterpieces crafted by the New Orleans artist .
Mr Tracy draws inspiration from his volunteers ' bodies , often only deciding what to paint after seeing them .
' Inclement ' : A model poses with realistic lightening flashes painted on her body and face
Using luscious colours he spends up to nine hours painstakingly applying water - based paint to his volunteer 's curvy bodies before photographing them .
The former illustrator began body painting in 2002 and opened his gallery in New Orleans five months after hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Painted Alive Gallery , which was opened in February 2006 was renamed Craig Tracy Gallery .
' Eden ' : A woman is painted with colourful stained - glass imagery ( L ) and a zebra - stripe pattern adorns the stomach of another volunteer in a work called ' O '( R )
It is believed to be the first gallery in the world to be dedicated to body art .
Some of his paintings use only human volunteers while on others he merges them with stunning backdrops to give the display depth .
Some of his creations are so complex it 's difficult to work out where the bodies start and the background begins .
' Speed ' : A life - like cheetah is depicted streaking down the woman 's body
' Twogether ' :
The outlines of two trees have been painted onto the woman 's body against a sunset background
In ' Butterfly ' - a captivating picture of a leopard with a butterfly shaping its nose - Mr Tracy painted the creature 's eyes onto the floor .
The animal 's face is formed from the back of a female volunteer , who is facing the floor .
In the eye - deceiving piece her shapely bottom is actually used as the big cats nose .
Walk like an Egyptian : ' Sphinx ' ( L ) and ' Maya Cross ' ( R )
The artist at work : Tracy painstakingly applies paint to his volunteer 's bodies before photographing them
Models eager to take part in his amazing work have travelled from Britain , Germany and across America to be transformed by his paintbrush .
Mr Tracy decides what to paint when he sees the model 's body , using their shape as an inspiration for ideas .
He can spend two days planning before applying the first splash of paint .
With his work taking him thousands of miles across the world , last month Mr Tracy went to China .
He was painting women there to celebrate the first organised body painting event in the country .
' We just talk and eat and listen to music and create something beautiful , ' he said .
Over the past 20 years Mr Tracy has painted on almost every surface imaginable .
He says that he finds non as challenging , diverse , or satisfying as the human body .
Mr Tracy 's home city , New Orleans , is a hot - bed of artistic creativity .
Ryan Harris — known by the alias DerEngel — is an expert on cable modem hacking , an art that he describes at length in a 2006 instructional guide that was published by No Starch Press .
He runs a small company that sells unlocked cable modems with custom firmware and provides instructional material that explains how to manipulate the devices in various ways .
Although there are plenty of valid reasons for users to want complete access to their network hardware , cable modem hacking can also be used to circumvent ISP - imposed bandwidth caps and obtain free service through MAC address spoofing .
In an apparent crackdown on cable modem hacking , law enforcers have brought criminal charges against Harris , accusing him of wire fraud and computer fraud .
The basis for these charges , says the indictment , is that Harris aided and abetted others in accessing a protected computer without authorization with the intent to defraud .
The case raises the question of whether a company that mods hardware should be held responsible when their customers abuse the modded products for dubious purposes .
Harris contends that his modded modems and custom firmware have a multitude of legitimate uses .
In an interview with Wired 's Threat Level blog , he claimed that the government 's move to prosecute him for selling unlocked cable modems would be like " arresting every firearms dealer , because handguns can be used to commit murder . "
The indictment , however , alleges that Harris had direct involvement in assisting at least one of his customers with cable hacking .
It also alludes to a message he posted in the public forums of his company 's website in which he sought a valid MAC number for a particular region — something that would theoretically only be useful for MAC spoofing .
The FBI has previously taken action against users who have " uncapped " their cable modems in order to get faster network speeds .
One of the earliest cases dates back to a set of raids that took place in Toledo , Ohio in 2002 .
It 's unclear , however , if merely providing unlocked modems that can potentially be used for uncapping is really a criminal offense .
It may be a question of subtlety .
The fact that one of the programs he sells is called " Coax Thief " may not win him too much sympathy from a jury .
Harris says that he plans to plead not guilty .
Energy - saving bulbs use up to 80 % less electricity than traditional bulbs
Energy - efficient light bulbs lose on average 22 % of their brightness over their lifetime , a study has found .
In some cases they emit just 60 % as much light as traditional models which are being phased out of shops , it says .
The study in Engineering and Technology magazine concluded that consumers were being misled by the bulbs ' packaging .
Of the 18 energy - saving bulbs tested over 10,000 hours by the Institution of Engineering and Technology , three stopped altogether .
' Migraines '
The magazine 's editor , Dickon Ross , told the BBC that packaging claims about the power of the bulbs did not live up to what they delivered in terms of people 's perceptions of light .
He said : " It may not be deliberate , but because of the standards set , you end up with figures that are exaggerated compared to what people really experience . "
Traditional bulbs lose no more than 7 % of their brightness by the time they burn out - equivalent to about 2,000 hours from first use .
But the new energy - saving models , known as compact fluorescent bulbs , use up to 80 % less electricity than traditional bulbs and could save up to £ 37 a year on energy bills .
Critics , however , claim they can trigger migraines , make skin conditions worse and lead to other health problems .
EU Countries started the mandatory phase - out of 100W and frosted incandescent light bulbs earlier this year .
Peak Oil - The Risks
Eighty - five million barrels a day .
That ’s the world ’s current production of crude oil …and that may very well be close to the world ’s PEAK production of crude oil .
Although the recession caused a temporary decrease in consumption , demand is already bouncing back toward pre-crisis levels .
Too bad production is n’t .
“ Ca n’t we get more than 85 million barrels ? ” some folks are bound to wonder .
Let ’s look into that …
A couple weeks ago , I attended the 2009 international conference of the Association for the Study of Peak Oil and Gas ( ASPO ) , out in Denver .
Here ’s the long and short of it .
We ’re in trouble .
With a capital “ T , ” and that rhymes with “ P , ” and that stands for Peak Oil .
By every measure , the world ’s output of crude oil peaked between 2005 and 2007 .
Yes , the worldwide total output of what we generically call “ oil ” has risen – slightly – in recent years .
But that ’s because there are increasing volumes of natural gas liquids ( NGLs ) in the mix , plus unconventional oil like what the global marketplace obtains from Canada ’s oil sands .
But the production of oil – actual oil – has peaked already .
The future of conventional petroleum output is downhill , even with the future output from the deep - water offshore discoveries .
“ There ’s no such thing as West Texas Intermediate [ WTI ] oil anymore , ” Peak Oil apologist , Matt Simmons , moaned to the ASPO conference attendees .
Instead , the pipeline crossroads like Cushing , Okla . , have become little more than “ crude oil pharmacies . ”
In other words , as the quality of the crude from the traditional US oil patch continues to degrade , oilmen must mix and match their product with “ sweeter ” forms of crude if they hope to sell it as the premium - priced WTI .
Thus , operators at Cushing take whatever oil they can obtain from one place , plus whatever oil they can obtain from another place .
They mix and match , and blend it all with synthetic crude from Canada .
Maybe they add some imported oil juice and then send it down the line as WTI .
Along these same lines , Venezuelan economist Carlos Rossi stated to ASPO his analysis of oil trends in the US .
“ You are worried about your foreign oil imports now , ” he said .
“ You in the US import about 65 % of your oil today .
You do n’t like it .
But if you follow the clear trends , by 2025 , you ’ll be importing about 92 % of your oil .
You ’ll like that even less . ”
No doubt .
The market meltdown and world recession of the past year has bought some time .
But the planet is still staring at an energy problem that ’s coming down the tracks like a runaway freight train .
Sure , there ’s a lot more oil “ out there ” … as in WAY out there – 150 miles offshore , beneath 8,000 feet of water and 20,000 feet of rock and salt .
Yes , that offshore resource is out there , but it ’s super hard to extract .
And so what ?
Are n’t the world ’s oil companies busy developing these massive offshore deposits ?
Yes , but this development will take decades .
It ’ll take time and capital and expensive cutting - edge technologies , some of which are barely commercially viable .
Future energy supplies have never been more uncertain , according to Simmons .
It ’s difficult to say with specificity how bad things are , he says , because the data are so poor on a worldwide basis .
“ Look at what happened with the bad information we had , or did n’t have , with the financial institutions over the past couple of years , ” Simmons said at the recent ASPO Conference .
“ With our energy data , it ’s worse .
We ’re in for some shocks that will change our lives in ways that ’ll rival Pearl Harbor . ”
Things could go wrong with energy supplies in any of a dozen places , according to Mr. Simmons .
In Venezuela , the output of the state oil company PdVSA is declining at alarming rates due to political interference and underinvestment .
In Nigeria , the low - grade civil war could quickly morph into a large - scale civil war .
In Iraq , according to Mr. Simmons , “ They ’re in the dark about how to rebuild their oil industry . ”
Closer to home , Simmons expects net oil exports from Mexico to vanish within 24 months or less .
This event will play havoc with US refiners on the Gulf Coast .
Mexico has simply delayed for too long its effort to explore , drill and rebuild its fast - depleting oil resources .
Mexico is going to have to scramble to salvage something from its looming energy disaster .
But even without a supply shock , Simmons believes that the mere inevitability of declining production will cause oil to hit $ 200 a barrel by the end of next year .
Longer term , Mr. Simmons expects to see oil at $ 500 - 700 per barrel .
“ People need to understand how expensive it is to obtain oil , ” said Simmons .
Much of the world ’s energy infrastructure is old and rusting and will require several trillions of dollars to replace – if it can be replaced .
Furthermore , new technology is coming on line slower than most people anticipate .
The deeper , more challenging environments are sucking down technology and money , and yielding less than expected in many cases .
According to one study , only eight out of 100 major energy projects came in on time , were within budget and yielded the expected volumes of oil and natural gas .
The stark fact is that oil is going to get a lot more expensive and the bull market in oil will be firmly in place for a long time .
Smart investors would take advantage of any corrections or dips to get themselves buckled - in for the ride .
Regards ,
Byron King ,
for The Daily Reckoning
Tempo tempo tempo !
Oct 6 , 2009
Yo ! I'm Morgaine .
I 've been drawing for a long , long while but have only recently picked up watercoloring .
I have a thing for photographing my drawings .
If things seem a bit chaotic and scrapped together around here , do n't worry - I think it 's intentional .
Thank you guys so much already for the wonderful support ! :) good day namaste
8 October 2009 8 Comments
Marijuana legalization is a topic that is becoming ever more popular in recent months .
A 2009 Gallup poll found that 52 % of Americans now support regulating and taxing the sale of marijuana to adults in a manner similar to alcohol .
A conservative estimate by Harvard Economist Jeffery Miron suggests that the US could save $ 14 billion a year by ending marijuana prohibition .
Less conservative estimates put that figure at around $ 40 billion .
Opponents of legalization say that any savings would be offset by the costs to public health in increased car accidents , emergency room visits and lost productivity .
Are their fears justified ?
Evidence suggests they are not .
This wave of enthusiasm for legalization comes at the heels of a new Presidential administration that has expressed interest in ending the raids of California ’s medical marijuana dispensaries .
California has allowed physicians to recommend marijuana to patients since 1996 , and an estimated 300,000 Californians now hold state issued medical marijuana patient cards .
With cards being issued for a wide range of illnesses , California has the most permissive medical marijuana law of any of the 13 states with such laws .
The dispensaries that sell marijuana are clean and safe , and provide a high quality product at an affordable price .
This form of legalized marijuana distribution is the closest example of what legal marijuana may one day look like .
None of the dire consequences that the opponents of medical marijuana predicted have come true , with no spike in crime , traffic accidents , or emergency room visits .
Most California residents are happy with the current situation , and the taxes collected amount to millions of dollars .
The money involved in California ’s marijuana industry is just staggering , an estimated $ 14 Billion a year .
Representative Tom Ammiano , a democrat from San Francisco has introduced a bill to tax and regulate marijuana in a manner similar to alcohol , where adults 21 and older would be permitted to purchase marijuana at licensed distribution centers .
Polls show that a solid majority of state voters support the idea of legalized marijuana , and the California Board of Equalization estimates that the state could earn an extra $ 1.4 Billion in revenue if this legislation passes .
Legalization would also strip the criminal market of a massive source of revenue , as the US government estimates a full 2/3 of Mexican drug cartel profits come directly from marijuana sales .
These cartels have supply chains reaching over 230 American cities .
They are even invading our National forests , creating marijuana grow operations deep in the protected wilderness .
Here armed men cut the trees down , terrace the land , add irrigation lines , apply chemical fertilizers , and wait for the marijuana to grow .
This type of operation comes at great risk , but as long as marijuana is illegal the profit potential of this cash crop makes any risk justifiable .
Law enforcement goes to great lengths cutting down millions of plants in these types of grow operations every year , but we will never stop this activity until we legalize marijuana .
Finally , it seems that a reason often given for why we should never legalize marijuana , the children , is actually another incentive for marijuana regulation .
A 2009 study by the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University found that teens can acquire marijuana far easier than cigarettes or beer .
When you think about this , it actually makes sense .
Tobacco and alcohol are regulated industries , and businesses who sell these products have incentive to obey the law and not sell to minors .
Street dealers of marijuana will sell to anyone with money , and some even seek out youngsters to sell their product for them .
Taking marijuana out of the criminal market and creating age limits that are strictly enforced will ensure that our Nation ’s youth will have less access to the drug .
Do n’t believe me ?
Just go ask any citizen of the Netherlands , where teenage marijuana usage rates are half that of what we have in the US .
Written by Jason Matthys , the vice president of the SGA and the founder of the NVCC chapter of Students for Sensible Drug Policy ( SSDP ) .
Should Marijuana be Legalized ?
Yes
No View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
By : Contributing Author
Stay updated by liking us on Facebook or following us on Twitter .
Set for your approval :
This fascinating 50 - year - old Mike Wallace interview with writer Rod Serling delves into issues that continue to exist today , issues that probably always will exist .
When it first aired in September 1959 , the medium of television was relatively young and so were Wallace , 41 , and Serling , 34 .
What would become Serling 's signature series , " The Twilight Zone , " was less than two weeks away from its debut .
( While talking about having to fight the powers that be about content in the past , notice how dodgy Serling is when it comes to whether " Twilight Zone " would deal with social issues of the day . )
Part one of this edition of " The Mike Wallace Interview " is above .
Part two and part three can be found below .
The interview is followed in part three by video various " Twilight Zone " commercial bumpers one normally does n't see anymore .
Enjoy .
Connecticut 's Joe Lieberman is a unique figure in Washington .
He 's an independent who caucuses with the Democrats but campaigns for Republicans like Arizona 's John McCain .
He 's also an observant Jew who honors the Sabbath .
The senator makes an exception for work when the Senate is in session on Saturdays .
Now , an interfaith group of clergy is lobbying him to drop his plans to filibuster any healthcare bill that contains a public option .
Their strategy : prayers .
During a Sunday night vigil , a crowd walked from Stamford High School , Lieberman 's alma mater , to his condo building across the street .
According to the Stamford Advocate 's Devon Lash , residents went out on their balconies to listen to rabbis , ministers , priests and imams speak from behind a sidewalk pulpit .
" We are praying for the senator to change his heart and his mind , " said the Rev. Tommie Jackson , of Faith Tabernacle Missionary Baptist Church in Stamford .
Then Monday , a multi- denominational group of clergy sent a letter to Lieberman asking him to abandon his filibuster threats .
" A lot of groups who have historically supported [ Lieberman ] are praying for him to come back home , " Rabbi Ron Fish , leader of the Concerned Clergy Of Connecticut , pictured above .
The letter , signed by 70 members of the clergy , posed this argument : " Whether from the words of Torah or the Gospels of Jesus , whether from the Talmud or the Koran -- our traditions all are explicit and clear on one thing :
We are commanded to seek the welfare and healing of all those in our midst , especially the weak , especially the vulnerable . "
-- Johanna Neuman
Photo : Rabbi Ron Fish , of Congregation Beth El in Norwalk , Conn. , participates in candlelight vigil urging Sen. Lieberman to back healthcare reform .
Credit : Chris Preovolos / Stamford Advocate
click here to get Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot .
And we 're also over here on Facebook
update 2012 - 10 - 25 : I ’ve been informed there is a new maintainer for Mawk , who has probably fixed the bugs I ’ve been seeing .
From : Gert Hulselmans
[ The bugs you have found are ] indeed true with mawk v1.3.3 which comes standard with Debian / Ubuntu .
This version is almost not developed the last 10 years .
I now already use mawk v1.3.4 maintained by another developer ( Thomas E. Dickey )
for more than a year on huge datafiles ( sometimes several GB ) .
The problems / wrong results I had with mawk v1.3.3 sometimes are gone .
In his version , normally all open / known bugs are fixed .
This version can be downloaded from : http://invisible-island.net/mawk/
: I have since found large datasets where mawk is buggy and gives the wrong result .
nawk seems safe .
When one of these newfangled “ Big Data ” sets comes your way , the very first thing you have to do is data munging : shuffling around file formats , renaming fields and the like .
Once you ’re dealing with hundreds of megabytes of data , even simple operations can take plenty of time .
For one recent ad - hoc task I had — reformatting 1GB of textual feature data into a form Matlab and R can read — I tried writing implementations in several languages , with help from my classmate Elijah .
The results really surprised us :
To be clear , the problem is to take several files of ( item name , feature name , value ) triples , like :
000794107-10 -K-19960401 limited 1 000794107-10 -K-19960401 colleges 1 000794107-10 -K-19960401 code 2 ... 004334108-10 -K-19961230 recognition 1 004334108-10-K-19961230 gross 8 ...
And then rename items and features into sequential numbers as a sparse matrix : ( i , j , value ) triples .
Items should count up from inside each file ; but features should be shared across files , so they need a shared counter .
Finally , we need to write a mapping of feature IDs back to their names for later inspection ; this can just be a list .
This task is simple , but it ’s representative of many data munging tasks out there .
It inputs and outputs textual data .
It ’s probably one - off .
The algorithm is easy — especially since it ’s a subtask of something larger — but still complex enough you ’ll need a debug cycle or two .
You want to get it done fast so you can get on to the real work .
Complex programming tools , like debuggers , are of little use — you figure out what ’s going on by inspecting the output .
Complex data processing environments , like Hadoop or an RDBMS , are also of little use — you have to munge in the first place to load data into them .
It turns out , this is a task AWK was made for .
It ’s a language dating from the original Bell Labs Unix era — circa 1977 — and it ’s extremely specialized for processing delimited text files in a single pass .
Perl was created in part to supersede it , but for this core use case , Awk is much more elegant and clearer .
The implementation here is only 8 lines of code , expanded from merely 3 when I first wrote it .
Since it ’s a standardized language , many implementations exist .
One of them , MAWK , is incredibly efficient .
It outperforms all other languages , including statically typed compiled ones like Java and C ++!
It wins on both LOC and performance criteria — a rare feat indeed , transcending the usual competition of slow - but - easy scripting languages versus fast - but - hard compiled languages .
[ There 's another big pro-VM story here : Java beat C++ , both in LOC / ease - of - programming as well as performance .
C++ was , as usual , a total nightmare to write .
What you do n't see in the LOC numbers is the sheer amount of time spent googling through every weird issue .
For example , apparently g++ requires you to define the hash function in order to use a hash_map of string keys .
Or , there are a zillion different ways to split a string , none of them standard .
Then there are 2 different I/O and 2 different string libraries given its C heritage , and if you make the wrong choices , performance is terrible .
I 'm totally sure that given some more rewriting , the C++ implementation can be made the fastest .
It 's just a question of how much pain you go through to find the right rewrites .
All the other implementations were written in the most straightforward , simplest way possible .
C++ abjectly fails the " get it done quick " criterion . ]
My most pleasant surprise learning Awk was its shortcuts for reading and writing files .
Like shell , there is no concept of a file handle — you do n’t open and close files , you just specify the filename and the VM figures it out .
Even Perl , king of syntactic shorthand , does n’t have this useful feature ; and even Ruby , with its elegant open ( ) - block - cleanup construct , is clunkier .
It sounds minor , but this eliminates a number of bugs you can make in scripts .
But what I most appreciate about Awk is the discourse structure of its programs : every clause is a potentially conditional action to be performed with the current record .
If you want actions to be taken upon program start or exit , you declare special clauses for that .
Awk manages all these features while being staying incredibly small and simple — the advantages of being a domain - specific language .
I think it feels a little more like a super - flexible , index - challenged version of SQL than it does a standard scripting language .
I suspect Awk ’s simplicity and specialization is part of why Mike Brennan was able to make Mawk so insanely fast .
If your only datatypes are strings and hashes , then compile - time type inference is pretty easy .
Awk is also well - suited to the “ Disk is the New Tape ” era .
That is , right now , hard drive sizes are rapidly growing — allowing very large datasets — but random access seek times are n’t catching up .
In this setting , the only way to process data is via linear scans , accessing one item of data at a time .
( E.g. running variance , online learning , column stores , etc. )
This is the core philosophy behind Hadoop ’s computation model — and Awk’s .
If hard drives are like tape drives , then it ’s worth looking in to other blast - from - the - past technologies !
( Similar point about SAS , in fact . )
There are many Awk tutorials on the web .
This one is decent , though I strongly recommend Ken Church ’s classic tutorial Unix for Poets .
It shows how to do all sorts of great things with Unix text processing tools , including Awk .
All the code , results , and data can be obtained at github.com / brendano / awkspeed .
I ’d love to see results for more languages .
And I hope someday someone tries writing an LLVM Awk — will it be even faster ?
SYDNEY – Australia ’s defense minister Wednesday said he was hoping to wrap up military operations in Afghanistan as soon as possible , despite US and NATO moves for more troops to shore up the campaign .
Defense Minister John Faulkner said Australia was studying how to complete the mission in the “ shortest time - frame ” .
Australia has about 1,500 troops in Afghanistan with no date set for their withdrawal .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’ve certainly asked the Australian Defense Force for any recommendations they have about ensuring we do complete that important role and responsibility both effectively , but in the shortest time - frame possible , ” he told ABC radio .
Faulkner admitted Australia ’s move would affect the push by General Stanley McChrystal , the top US and NATO commander in Afghanistan , for an Iraq - style troop “ surge ” against the increasingly powerful Taliban militia .
“ I ’ve been discussing these issues with the chief of the Defense Force , Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston , and obviously it ’s a critically important matter for me , ” he said .
“ I ’m not going to talk specifically about the approaches we ’ll take but I do acknowledge that there will be impacts on the approach that NATO and ISAF partners will be taking as a result of General McChrystal ’s 60 - day assessment . ”
McChrystal warned last month that the war could be lost within a year without extra resources to fight the resurgent Islamists , who were driven from power by the 2001 US - led invasion .
ADVERTISEMENT
President Barack Obama is considering boosting US troops by 40,000 to more than 100,000 .
Political uncertainty also continues with President Hamid Karzai facing a run-off with rival Abdullah Abdullah after August ’s flawed polls .
Australia has lost 11 soldiers in Afghanistan with Prime Minister Kevin Rudd insisting the country ’s commitment was “ rock - solid ” following the latest death in July .
However , Rudd also admitted the war was “ unpopular ” .
Armed forces chief Angus Houston has expressed hope that international troops could hand over to Afghan forces in three to four years , although he warned against the dangers of an early withdrawal .
ADVERTISEMENT
Rudd sent an extra 450 troops in April , acknowledging the “ current civilian and military strategy is not working ” .
However last week he said Australia would not follow Britain ’s move to send another 500 armed forces .
“ We are in the business of raising an Afghan national army brigade , we are training Afghan police and we are also engaged in capacity building with the Uruzgan provincial authority , ” Rudd said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Once that mission is completed and we hand over our responsibility to that provincial authority , then of course Australia ’s mission will be concluded and our troops would come home . ”
About 100,000 international troops are currently based in Afghanistan , including a US contingent which will hit 68,000 by year - end and another 9,500 from Britain .
Germany has 4,200 troops while France is the fourth - largest contributor with 2,900 , although President Nicolas Sarkozy is refusing to send any more .
* President Barack Obama and the liberals who control the U.S. Houseof Representatives have talked about erasing the historic tax cuts enacted in 2001 and 2003 .
Cost to taxpagers : an average tax hike of $ 1,716 for 100 million Americans .
Do you think this large tax increase is a good idea ?
* If President Obama and the liberals in Congress succeed in rolling back tax cuts , working families will once again face the Marriage Penalty .
According to Heritage estimates , this could punish 550,595 couples in [ state ] .
Do you support higher taxes on working families ?
* Allowing these tax cuts to expire as they are currently set o do would bring back the Death Tax on grieving families , which is supported by President Obama , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and liberals in Congress .
According to recent estimates , this would increase taxes by $ 91 billion .
Do you support this tax increase ?
Whoa , and we did n't even get to the survey yet !
Here is a sample question from the bogus survey :
Did you know that if President Obama and the liberals who now control Congress succeed in revoking the 1001/2003 tax cuts , 42 million families with children will see an average tax hike of $ 2,084 ?
_ Yes _No __Not Sure / No Opinion
What is the appropriate way of bringing light to this bogus " survey " and to try to prevent the phony " data " resulting from it being used ?
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - Cocaine kingpin Diego Montoya , the one - time head of Colombia ’s Norte del Valle cartel , apologized in a U.S. court to the victims of drug violence and was sentenced on Wednesday to 45 years in prison .
Colombian policemen escort crime boss suspect Diego Montoya as he is being extradited to the U.S. at the military airport of Catam in Bogota December 12 , 2008 .
REUTERS / National Police / Handout
Montoya pleaded guilty in August to drug and racketeering charges as head of the cartel that the FBI said was once responsible for 60 percent of the cocaine exported from Colombia to the United States .
“ I have come to the conclusion that there is nothing I could ever to do repair the great harm I have caused , ” The Miami Herald quoted Montoya as telling the court .
With the sentence , he said , “ It is my sincere hope to be able to bring relief to my family and the families of the victims and bring their nightmare to a conclusion . ”
U.S. District Judge Cecilia Altonaga handed down the 45 - year sentence , which Montoya had agreed to as part of his guilty plea .
The extradition agreement prohibited a life sentence .
Known as Don Diego , Montoya became a billionaire as he built the Norte del Valle cartel into an organization that smuggled 1.2 million pounds ( 545,000 kgs ) of cocaine worth more than $ 10 million into the United States between 1990 and 2004 , supplanting the once - dominant Cali cartel .
A two - year battle between Montoya and another cartel kingpin , Wilber Varela , from 2003 to 2005 resulted in hundreds of deaths , prosecutors said .
Montoya , 48 , was once on the FBI ’s 10 most - wanted list next to Osama bin Laden .
He was captured by Colombian police in 2007 hiding in a ditch dressed only in his underwear and was extradited to the United States in December to face charges .
He pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to import more than 11 pounds ( 5 kg ) of cocaine into the United States , one count of obstructing justice by murder , and one count of racketeering conspiracy .
FBI special agent John Gillies , who heads the bureau ’s Miami division , praised Colombia for co-operating to end “ a brutal chapter in the history of drug trafficking . ”
“ Unprecedented co-operation between Colombia and the United States was instrumental to the success of this case and led to the dismantlement of the Norte Valle Cartel , ” Gillies said .
In April , Montoya ’s brother , Eugenio Montoya Sanchez , was sentenced by a U.S. court in Miami to 30 years in prison for conspiring to import cocaine into the United States .
Another brother and a cousin were sentenced to U.S. prison terms of 21 and 19 years in the case .
Warning : this post is intended for developers .
It gets a bit technical !
Sometimes I 'm asked what platform we 're running the Business Insider on .
Well , we 're using LAMP , of course : Linux , Apache , Mongo , PHP .
After I get past defending our choice of PHP to the haters ( you know who you are ! ) , people ask what the M stands for .
Our database is not MySQL , but Mongo .
So what 's Mongo ?
MongoDB is an open - source , non-relational database that combines three key qualities : scalable , schemaless , and queryable .
It has native drivers for pretty much every major language , and a small but growing community .
Mongo 's design trades off a few traditional features of databases ( notably joins and transactions ) in order to achieve much better performance .
It is perhaps most comparable to CouchDB for its JSON document - oriented approach , but has much better querying capabilities : you can do dynamic queries without pregenerating expensive views .
So Mongo occupies a sweet spot for powering web apps .
Full disclosure : TBI and 10gen , the developers of MongoDB , share certain investors and board members .
( Specifically , 10 gen was also founded by our co-founder , Dwight Merriman , and Dwight still owns stock in both companies ) .
In early 2008 , 10 gen assisted in the development of what was then Alleyinsider , and adopted MongoDB at that time .
But that was all before I got here .
We continue to use MongoDB today , despite rearchitecting the rest of the platform , because I believe it 's the best technology for us .
Here 's why and how we use it :
It 's Scalable
TBI gets fairly high traffic , and we 're growing quickly .
On a typical business day we serve upwards of 600 k pageviews , and we 're blowing towards the 1 m mark rapidly .
We have three load - balanced Apache webservers , but our database is just running on a single box .
( We do have a slave , but use it only as a hot backup . )
Our one box is n't running anywhere near total capacity despite fielding a few hundred reads and writes per second .
Typically , even when the site 's busy , we 're running at under 5 % of total CPU time .
When we do eventually need to scale up further , Mongo has automatic sharding features to distribute data and load across multiple boxes .
We do n't need these features yet , but it 's good to know they exist .
Document - oriented , not relational
RDMSs were invented in the 1970s , long before object - oriented programming and dynamic scripting languages became popular .
By now , we 're all accustomed to the process of translating our code 's data structures back and forth to the tables in our database , but it does n't have to be that way .
Rather than rows in a table , Mongo stores documents in collections .
Documents are ( slightly enhanced ) JSON objects , so you can stash much more complex structured data in a single document than you can store in a table row .
Natural data structures : arrays , objects , dictionaries .
Data modelling becomes a much more natural process .
Embedding objects
Our data modelling approach is different -- instead of using multiple tables and joining them together with foreign keys , we can embed objects within a single document .
For example , each post on our site is a document .
Similarly , in a MySQL - based system , a post would be a row in a table .
But comments are different .
We embed comments directly within the post document as an array of objects .
All of the comment data , including the text of each comment , information on who posted it , and the thumbs up / thumbs down voting , is stored directly within the post document .
{ comments : [ { author : ' Ian White ' , comment : ' Great article ! ' } ,
{ author : ' Joe Smith ' , comment : ' You suck ! ' ,
replies : [ { author : ' Jane Smith ' , comment : ' No you suck ! ' } ]
}
]
}
When our code pulls up a post like this one , the database does n't have to query over a separate comments table .
The comments are right there as part of the post object , ready to be displayed .
This is faster , and makes intuitive sense .
No Object - Relational Mappers
And we do n't have to use an ORM .
They 've been described as " The Vietnam of Computer Science " for a reason .
Our code winds up simpler , since we do n't need to introduce an artificial layer of abstraction .
( We do use a light wrapper library I 've written for PHP called SimpleMongoPhp -- you 're welcome to make use of it if it helps you .
There are other similar libraries for PHP and other languages , including plugins to popular existing frameworks . )
Schemaless
If you 've ever managed a medium - sized site , you know what a pain making changes to your schema can be .
On a large dataset , you can lock the database for a long time doing an alter , meaning you have to schedule downtime concurrent with code releases .
Rollbacks can be even worse .
Even though some frameworks and libraries will help you a little , it 's a big deployment problem .
Plus you have the day - to - day nuisance of managing a schema : making sure your dev database has the changes , as well as all of your individual developers ' versions of their databases .
We do n't have to deal with that using Mongo .
There 's no database - enforced schema , so when we make a big change ( like adding thumbs - ups to the comments , as we did last month ) , we can easily make it in a backwards - compatible way .
We just make sure the code handles the case where a field is n't set .
Life is n't perfect : once in a while , we still have to do a data migration that goes along with a code release .
Rather than an alter , maybe we need to do some kind of transformation of pre-existing data .
But it does n't happen nearly as often : maybe about a tenth as often as it did when I used MySQL .
Tagging
Mongo is excellent at indexed " tag " type queries .
If we have a post tagged Apple and iPhone , we store that internally as an array of strings :
{ categories : [ ' Apple ' , 'iPhone ' ] }
Mongo can index that field and understand that it needs to search the contents of the array , so we can query for all posts tagged " iPhone " very easily .
Caching
It 's still useful to have a caching layer , and so we do -- we use memcached .
But we do a lot less caching than we would on a MySQL database .
Mongo is very fast at retrieving individual objects , so we do n't need to cache individual posts .
The post you 're looking at right now is not cached ; it 's being pulled live from the database .
That does n't kill Mongo because it will generally keep that document in memory .
But we do still do some caching on more complex queries .
For example , all of our homepages are on a three - minute cache delay .
Or the " Most Popular " listing on the sidebar to your right .
But because Mongo is usually going to be as fast as memcached for retrieving individual documents , a lot of common situations that I used to cache do n't have to be anymore .
And Mongo itself can be used as an effective caching layer .
If your collection is small , Mongo will keep it entirely in memory and performance will be comparable to a cache .
We do this with our " settings " collection , which stores dynamically customizable options , like which ads are turned currently on , and the " Hot " links below our nav bar .
Real - Time Analytics
Like many sites , we use Google Analytics and other packages to get detailed information about our traffic .
But things move too fast to wait until the next day for data .
We have statistics pages that provide up - to - the - second live data on what 's happening on our site : what pages people are looking at and clicking on right now .
Editors can use that data throughout the day for instant feedback on what they 're doing .
Mongo is ideally suited to these real - time analytics .
Our internal tracker does between 3 and 8 upserts on the database per pageview , and Mongo handles these without any trouble .
This is such an ideal use of Mongo that it'd be a great way to augment a lot of sites that plan to use a RDMS for the foreseeable future .
Just get a spare box , throw Mongo on it , and have Mongo power your real - time analytics .
There 's more about this topic here .
Image Storage
Mongo can store binary data in the database , so that we do n't have to deal with the common hassle of having files in the filesystem and metadata in the database .
Using its GridFS API , we can easily stash all of our images on the site in Mongo .
We do use a CDN ( CDNetworks ) in front of our images , but on the occasions we 've taken the CDN off , Mongo has performed fine serving the images .
Why Not Use Mongo ?
Mongo 's pretty great in general , and it's become my default choice for a datastore in a web app .
But there are a few things it 's not great at , at least right now :
it lacks transactions , so if you 're a bank , I would n't use it .
it does n't support SQL , so if you have a legacy codebase that relies on SQL , or if you need to use some of the more complex collation / grouping features of SQL - based DBs , Mongo may not be the best choice
it does n't have any built - in revisioning like CouchDB
it does n't have real fulltext searching features ( slow regexes and tag - stemming is the best you can do )
But overall , MongoDB is probably well - suited for a lot of web applications -- maybe as many as 50 % .
The 10 gen folks have a list of sites that are using Mongo in production , including some interesting names like Sourceforge , Electronic Arts , and Disqus .
There 's an active mailing list , and I 'm happy to answer questions about how we use Mongo .
The developers themselves are also friendly and good about answering questions .
( This article was adapted from notes for a live webinar I did last week with Dwight Merriman , CEO of 10 gen .
You can watch that presentation here . )
Finally , I ’ve found a tutorial for Coq which is aimed at people who primarily grok functional programming and only have the vaguest clue what assisted theorem proving might be .
Initially , you can think of Coq as being another functional programming language .
It ’s got all the usual suspects – algebraic datatypes , pattern matching and such like .
You can write a ‘ quicksort ’ function and evaluate it pretty much you ’d do in haskell / ocaml .
You can then go on to make a bold claim such as “ forall ( l : list nat ) , length ( quicksort l ) = ( length l ) ” .
As yet , that ’s no more impressive that seeing a similar claim in some javadoc comment – maybe it ’s correct and maybe it ’s wrong .
In java - land , you might even write a unit test which asserted that it was true for a few hand - picked cases .
But in Coq , you can then go on to prove that it ’s correct for all possible executions !
( fx : screen goes all wavy )
Back when I did maths at Uni , I often used to make mistakes when “ showing my working ” during problem solving .
I knew that there were somethings you were “ allowed to do ” – for example “ you are allowed to put “ plus one ” on both sides on an equality ” .
And so if I was faced with an equation like “ y – 1 = 2 ” , I could invoke that rule to end up with “ y – 1 + 1 = 2 + 1 ” and then eventually “ y = 3 ” .
It seemed to be a bit strange that my lecturers rarely wanted be to write down which “ rules ” I was invoking .
Instead , I just had to write down the result of applying the rule , and keep doing that until I got to the end .
The problem , of course , is that sometimes I wrote down an x when I meant to write y.
Or , sometimes I ’d apply a rule which was n’t a “ real ” rule – for example , dividing both sides of an equation by ‘ x ’ when x might be zero .
It occurred to me at the time that a computer would be far better at this kind of tedious bookkeeping that I would ever be .
I had visions of telling the computer “ please apply the ‘ plus one ’ rule ” and the computer would produce the next line for me .
Or “ please apply the ‘ divide by x ’ rule ” , whereupon the computer would say “ dude , what about if x is zero , huh ? ” .
I did n’t want the computer to solve the maths puzzles for me ; I only wanted it to do the bookkeeping .
( fx : return from wavy effect ! )
And so this is roughly what Coq does , in addition to being a programming language .
It has all the usual builtin types and functions , like booleans / integers / lists and not / plus / concatenate .
But you also get a whole load of proved ‘ facts ’ about these things .
Some of them seem noddy , like “ true and false are not equal ” ( but it ’s pretty nice to know its provable true in this language ) .
But some are more meaty ; for example , ( take n l ) ++ ( drop n l ) = l ( ie. getting the first n items , and all - but - the - first - n items gives you the entirely of the list ) .
And so when you write your own code , you can claim and then prove that it has certain properties .
To do this , you can use the properties of the builtin types and function .
When you use your own data types , you typically end up doing structural induction – similar to high school induction over the integers , except that your base cases are usually the no-argument constructors ( like emptylist ) and in the induction step , you show that the property holds for a complex constructor , assuming that it held for the constituent parts it was combining .
Why do I find this interesting ?
Well , the maths anecdote above is definitely a factor .
But also , I ’m frustrated that , in industry , “ unit tests ” are about the state of the art as far as widely adopted practises go .
But I do n’t want to just check one or two cases for my functions – I want to check them all !
I might have a good understanding of the rules of java / haskell in my head , much like I had a good understanding of the rules of maths .
But that does n’t stop me making typos or think - o’s .
And I think , coming at it from that angle , I ’m probably immune to some of the flames which attract the academic - only moths .
At the end of the day , I ’m learning this because I want to write better code – not because of the “ beauty ” of any of these systems .
I do n’t care about completely specifying the behaviour of my programs ; I ’d be happy with just showing that a few important properties held .
If that halved my bug rate , I could live with that ( if the overhead was n’t too high ) .
I have been prewarned that , typically , you plunge off a cliff of complexity once you get onto non -toy examples .
I do n’t think I ’ve hit that cliff yet .
But I do feel like a complete n00 b all over again .
I submit code snippets into Coq without knowing what they ’ll do , and then I peer at the screen to see what the heck happened .
At first , it was all completely alien ( which , in itself , was an alien feeling these days .. I must be stuck in a comfort zone ) .
But gradually I ’m beginning to find my way around a little bit .
It reminds me of learning to program for the first time , on a 48 k Spectrum twenty - odd years ago .
I ’ve learned many languages since then , and spent plenty of time dismantling then reassembling my world view to encompass new ideas .
But Coq feels like a bigger perspective shift that anything I can remember .. apart from that first “ nonprogrammer becomes programmer ” change .
Pretty awesome stuff – ca n’t ask for much more than that !
I recently read a paper by Benjamin C. Pierce in which he described his attempts to teach an undergrad CS course using a proof assistant .
That paper was what rekindled my interest , and what lead me to find the tutorial I linked above .
In a spooky coincidence , I noticed for the first time that he is actually presenting said paper at ICFP here in Edinburgh in a weeks time !
Win ! 🙂
CONSERVATIVES STILL THINK YOU’RE ALREADY OVER-INSURED ….
This comes up from time to time , but it ’s good to see former House Majority Leader Dick Armey ( R - Texas ) , a new ringleader for right - wing activists , state it plainly .
“ The largest empirical problem we have in health care today is too many people are too overinsured , ” he said .
There it is , the right ’s philosophy on American health care in 17 words .
Most of us think the problem with the existing system is that we pay too much , get too little , and leave too many behind .
Dick Armey sees the existing system and thinks we ’d all be better off with less coverage .
Lest anyone think this is unique to Armey , the opposite is true .
A few years ago , during Bush ’s pitch in support of health saving accounts , the LA Times ‘ Peter Gosselin explained , “ Most conservatives — including those in the [ Bush ] administration — believe that the root cause of most problems with the nation ’s healthcare system is that most Americans are over - insured . ”
Just two months ago , Reps. John Shadegg ( R - Ariz . ) and Pete Hoekstra ( R - Mich . ) had an op -ed in the Wall Street Journal making the same case .
“ When was the last time you asked your doctor how much it would cost for a necessary test or procedure ? ” they asked , making the case that consumers need more “ control … over their care . ”
For those with insurance , we visit a physician , and follow his / her recommendations , knowing that insurers and our employers will shoulder most of the costs .
If we did n’t have that pesky insurance — if we had more “ control ” — we could , you know , haggle and stuff .
Think of the savings !
It ’s all premised on the notion that health insurance encourages medical treatments .
If we have coverage , we might get tests and procedures that we would n’t get if were n’t so darned insured .
Less coverage means fewer costs .
Josh Marshall recently explained :
The problem is that you go to the doctor and agree to take the tests the doctor recommends .
Shadegg and Hoekstra want a system where if your doctor suggests a biopsy for a suspicious lump you think about the pros and cons .
Is it worth the money ?
Do you have the money ?
How suspicious is the lump anyway ?
Maybe you get the first one .
But not necessarily the follow up scan six months later .
This is the essence of the Republican plan : the fact that you ’re insured and are n’t directly feeling the cost of individual tests and procedures is the problem and getting rid of the insurance concept is the solution … .
[ T ]he problem according to most Republicans in Congress is n’t that there ’s not enough insurance or that it ’s not good enough .
It ’s that there ’s too much .
The problem is that you have insurance .
And good policy will take it away from you .
Dick Armey is only saying explicitly what conservative lawmakers have been arguing for quite a while .
Újabb hiánypótló , Rorschach neve által fémjelzett alkotást teszünk közzé a küzd ősport művelőinek pár jellegzetes halmazáról .
A kiöregedett :
Fizikumát erősen kikezdte a sör , ezért mindig behúzott hassal mászkál .
Sörcsöcseit a mellkasa állandó kidüllesztésével , és a beszívott levegő segítségével kompenzálja , amit viszont nem tesz könnyebbé a napi másfél doboz barnaszofi .
Ha verekedésre terelődik a szó , mindig fülel , és alig várja , hogy ő is hozzászólhasson a témához .
Pár évig csinált valamit , és ezt rövid id ő után mindenki tudja is róla , hiszen soha nem felejti el megemlíteni .
Ilyenkor jellemzően álszerény .
Magában meg van róla győződve , hogy ő valamikor tudott valamit , ezért ravaszul folyton azt hangoztatja , hogy csinált ezt - azt , de igazából annyira nem volt jó benne .
A kondisokat lenézi , mert azok :
- Kötött izomzatú buzik , és a bunyóhoz , Gyurikám , nem szabad súlyzózni .
Emlékszel a Kiskálmánra , vasággyal 60 kiló , vágod , mint az ujjam , és olyan pofonokat darált , hogy robbant a vége .
A gyúrósoknak semmi ütőereje nincsen .
Mi ?
A Jocó az nem gyúrt , az erőemelő volt , az más .
Meg lejárt kesztyűzni , és fellazult .
Bármilyen eredményt is ért el az adott sportágban , soha nem mulasztja el környezete tudomására hozni , például , hogy 20 éve negyedik lett a falu művházában rendezett , ifjúsági semi-contact bajnokságon .
A márványmintás A4 - es oklevelet vitrinben tartja , néha rálehel , és fényesre törli az ingujjával .
Időnként a tükör előtt árnyékol és láblendítéseket csinál , ilyenkor dől az izzadság a homlokáról , és a következő napon csak fosógalamb pózban tud közlekedni .
A lelkes :
Mivel a harcművészet számára egy életforma , ezért igyekszik minden külsőséget lemásolni kedvenc távol - keleti kultúrájából .
Valószínűleg ott jól kiröhögnék , ahogy mi is röhögnénk egy betyárba öltözött , karikás ostort pattogtató kínain , de ez őt nem zavarja .
Lelkesen magolja a távol - keleti írásjeleket , addig eszi a kínait kínaival , amíg be nem sárgul a bőre .
Érdeklődik az alternatív gyógymódok iránt , hiszen a régi távol - keleti népek a holisztikus világképükkel még tudtak valamit , nem úgy , mint ezek a modern orvosok , akik mindjárt szikével esnek a betegnek , pedig elég lenne az ezüstharangocska - füstölőrúd kombináció .
Ruházatán nem felejti ki az apróbb , ámde szembeötlő utalásokat harcművész mivoltára , hímzett ying - yang jel , lángoló ököl , klubjának címere , esetleg idézetek formájában .
Jellemzően úgynevezett lágy irányzatokat tanul .
Heti egy - két edzésre jár , esetleg néha magánórákat vesz .
Az oktatás kimerül a technikák elsajátításában , ütőerőt , erőnlétet nem fejleszt , mert azt nem kell .
A titkos technikák , amelyeket elsajátított heti 2x1.5 órában , azok úgyis halálosak .
Nem számít , hogy az ellenfél mennyire erős , agresszív , vagy rutinos , a Fehér Szemöldök technika ellen semmi esélye .
Ez a meggy őződés az első , kocsmában kapott lángos után is csak rövid ideig halványul el , pár hét után tökéletesen meggyőzi magát arról , hogy csak azért nem használta az Arany Hüvelykujj technikát , mert nem akart halálos sérülést okozni .
A gyógyulás ideje alatt csendes diadallal mutogatja mokkáját , az annak eredetét firtató kérdésekre sejtelmesen kitérő válaszokat ad .
A kezdő :
Tulajdonképpen a „ lelkes ” altípusa .
Általában fiatal .
Már teljes két hete jár edzésre , az izomláz kezd kiállni a lábából , mióta anyukája masszírozza , és lassan már rá is tud ülni a vécére .
Emberfeletti fájdalmait kőmerev arccal , büszke tartással tűri , villogó tekintete körbe - körbe jár .
Keveset beszél , csak akkor szólal meg , ha fontos , érzi , hogy mióta fitness kick - boxra / tai - chi - chuanra jár , azóta szavainak súlya van .
A kopasz nagydarabokat , a hiperpigmentált csoportokat , meg a Kiskálmánékat továbbra is a szokott módon , nagy ívben kerüli ki , de most bátrabban teszi mindezt .
Otthon kungfu - filmeket néz , a Féllábú Szaróflamingó állást , és hozzá a gyilkos nézést a tükör előtt gyakorolja .
Természetesen ilyenkor mindig felveszi a méregdrágán vásárolt egyenruhát is , mert szimpla melegítőben nem érzi a chi-kungot .
Kondizó küzdősportos /harcművész :
Arany - tigrisfejes Lonsdale rövidnadrágot , esetleg fekete , hosszú szárú edzőnadrágot visel , „ budo ” felirattal .
A hátára parasztkenyérnyi ying - yang / kobrafej / lenyugvó nap van tetoválva .
A gyúrást nyújtással kezdi , ilyenkor spárgázik , vagy felteszi a lábát a bordásfalra .
Sokat kardiózik .
Néha csak futópadon keni , de sokszor négyütemű fekvőtámaszokat nyom két ujjon , esetleg kézen állva , behunyt szemmel jógázik .
Időnként ütöget a leveg őbe / tigrisbukfencet vet / ugróforgót rúg .
Ilyenkor egy - egy jobban sikerült kunszt után tüntetőleg nem néz körbe .
A gyakorlatokat kevés súllyal nyomja , nehogy lemerevedjen , de sok ismétlést csinál az ütőerő végett .
A tudálékos :
Úgy figyeli , amit csinálsz , mintha az üdvössége múlna rajta .
Jellemzően régebb óta van itt , mint te , ezért feljogosítva érzi magát , hogy kiosszon .
Kommunikációs stílusa ilyenkor passzív-agresszív :
- Láttam amit csináltál , ne haragudj , de jó béna voltál .
Lassú vagy , és maszatolsz , máskor kerülj közelebb , de a kezeidet meg ne engedd le közben , mert megütnek , és eldőlsz , mint a rothadt nád .
Tudását tekintve a tudálékos változatos spektrumon mozog , lehet jobb és rosszabb , de sose nagyon jó .
A tudálékos sokkal inkább bennfentesként viselkedik , mint bárki más .
A kezdőkkel szemben feltűnően távolságtartó , a többieknek viszont sokat sztorizik , és vicceket mesél .
Az álszerény :
Sokszor más klubból jött át , és már csinált valamit .
Az álszerényt az igazi szerénytől az különbözteti meg , hogy az álszerény tudja , hogy valamiben jobb , és mindent meg is tesz azért , hogy ezt tudassa mindenkivel .
Ezt indirekt módon teszi , figyel , amint végrehajtasz egy gyakorlatot , aztán tüntetőleg azonnal ő is végrehajtja , amint te végeztél vele , csak jobban .
Természetesen ilyenkor mindig ügyel , hogy látótávolságban legyen .
Azokat a gyakorlatokat , amelyek ismerősek számára , illetve amelyekben jó , jellegzetesen mórikálva végzi .
Az affektálás egészen a legels ő kudarcig / pofonig megmarad , utána mosolya merev lesz , mit Ötzié , a jégemberé , és viselkedése visszafogottabbá válik .
On the eve of Guy Fawkes Day , David Cameron produced a typically impressive firework display as he explained his new policy on Europe at a press conference .
When he performed the same show for Tory MPs earlier , even hardened Eurosceptics were dazzled by his promises to repatriate powers from Brussels if he becomes prime minister , ensure that British courts are not overriden by the European Court of Justice ( ECJ ) and call a referendum before any future treaty transfers powers to the EU .
It seemed fair compensation for his inevitable retreat from a referendum on the now - ratified Lisbon Treaty .
Four days on , many sceptics fear the new policy is a damp squib .
Although some European politicians reacted with horror to the demands a Cameron government would make , they also made clear it would have little chance of success .
Britain 's EU partners should be celebrating , not moaning .
The Tory leader 's most important statements were that his government would have far more important things than Europe to worry about – the economy , stupid – and that he did not want a " massive Euro - bust - up " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
His proposed " guarantees " of British sovereignty may prove worthless .
European law takes precedence over British law under the 1972 Act which took us into the EU .
Sceptics believe that , unless Britain is prepared to threaten to pull out , it would have no chance of winning the Tories ' proposed opt-outs on employment law and criminal justice or persuading the other 26 EU members that British courts could ignore ECJ judgements .
Tory Europhobes thought they were close to getting the government of their dreams .
They were sure that Mr Cameron was " one of us " .
By instinct , he is .
But he also wants to be a successful prime minister and does not want his administration dominated by a pitched battle with Europe , which would leave most voters bemused .
Sceptics were delighted he pulled Tory MEPs out of the mainstream centre - right European People 's Party in the European Parliament , which includes the parties of Nicolas Sarkozy and Angela Merkel .
But this diversion allowed them to take their eyes off the main ball – Tory policy .
Mr Cameron pledged repeatedly he would " not let matters rest " if the Lisbon Treaty became law , but now seems to be doing just that .
One depressed Europhobe MP told me : " We have won every battle in the last 10 years .
Yet we have somehow managed to lose the war . "
How did it happen ?
Ten years ago , an effective Eurosceptic campaign group was set up , well - funded by businessmen .
The No campaign enjoyed several different lives – it successfully opposed Britain joining the single currency ( with a bit of help from Gordon Brown ) and then helped see off the grandiose European constitution ( forerunner of the Lisbon Treaty ) .
The campaign guarded its independence from the Tory machine but provided the party 's MPs with valuable ammunition , acting as a rallying point and outrider for the sceptics ' cause .
When it turned into Open Europe in 2005 , it became more of a thinktank .
Rodney Leach , who chaired the No campaign , was made a Tory peer .
Critics say the group became a way for the Tory leadership to usefully herd the " sceps " into one pen and keep them under the party 's control .
Some Europhobic
MPs regret the " deliberate dismantling " of the original campaign , admitting they are a bit lost without it .
Mr Cameron holds the whip hand – for now .
Most Tory MPs , however bruised , do n't want to rock the party 's boat and be accused of jeopardising its first election victory for 18 years .
But there is tension not far beneath the surface , and not only among the usual backbench suspects .
Some Shadow Cabinet members are seething they were not told about the new policy until Tuesday , two days after it started leaking out .
Some feel let down by William Hague , the shadow Foreign Secretary , who has a reputation as a Europhobe but has loyally backed Mr Cameron 's decision to relegate Europe down the Tory pecking order .
Some colleagues suspect Dominic Grieve , the shadow Justice Secretary , has led Mr Cameron up the garden path by advising that his proposed Sovereignty Act would ensure the sovereignty of the UK Parliament .
Similarly , they fear the Tories ' proposed British Bill of Rights will not stop terrorists being freed under the European Convention of Human Rights .
There is a pattern here .
Some shadow ministers are worried that Mr Cameron is raising dangerously high expectations he will be unable to fulfil .
He decided to toss the sceptics a few bones rather than starve them to death now .
But he may be looking for a " third way " on Europe that does not exist .
If Mr Cameron becomes a popular prime minister , his MPs probably wo n't kick up too much on Europe .
But if the EU pledges he announced this week did not amount to a row of French beans , and if a Tory Government became unpopular as it cut public spending , he would need all the backbench support he could muster .
It is then that he may find he has few friends among the Eurosceptics who dominate his backbenches , who will no longer regard him as " one of us " .
And that will spell big trouble .
A website that sells a prescription drug similar to Botox without requiring a prescription claims it has more than 2,000 customers .
Some have learned how to inject the botulism - derived drug into their own faces from YouTube videos produced for the site .
Discountmedspa sells a variety of other DIY cosmetic treatments , including prescription Renova , and lip - filling gels .
The botulinum toxin - derivative for sale on the site is Dysport , produced by the pharmaceutical company Ipsen and is a competitor of Allergan ’s Botox .
The site simply calls it “ the Freeze . ”
A Grand Prairie , Texas , woman , Laurie D’Alleva , who appears to be the site ’s proprietor , performs treatments on herself in self - made videos posted to the site ’s YouTube channel .
In one video , D’Alleva pulls out a vial of what is presumably Dysport and a syringe filled with saline .
“ It ’s important to remember that you are mixing the potency of the botox , ” she says , mixing the contents of the vial with the saline solution .
She then injects her forehead and the areas around her eyes .
Ipsen received FDA clearance to sell Dysport in the United States a few months ago , but it ’s a prescription medication .
It ’s the first direct competitor for the branded Botox , which is the most popular cosmetic treatment in America .
Doctors did more than 2.4 million Botox procedures in 2008 , according to the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery .
In recent years , the vast amounts of money spent on the treatment have attracted scams and knockoffs , which the FDA has had to crack down on .
In May , the FDA also ruled the drug needed a tougher “ black - box ” warning label to reflect an increased understanding of the small , but real risks of the treatment .
In the U.S. , it is illegal for anyone but a doctor or nurse practitioner to prescribe drugs to patients and only pharmacists can dispense drugs to people .
Yet drug sellers on the internet routinely flout the FDA ’s regulations .
A review published last month in the Annals of Family Medicine found more than 130 websites offering antibiotics without a prescription .
The National Association of Boards of Pharmacy tracks thousands of sites that do n’t meet its standards for brick - and - mortar shops .
LegitScript , a private firm that works with the NABP , has database of 47,633 internet pharmacies ; 46,570 of them are n’t up to snuff .
These sites are brazenly circumventing regulations that protect consumers from bad or fake drugs and ensure that the chemicals are used correctly .
The laws were designed precisely to prevent Americans with little to no medical training from doing things like buying a form of toxin , mixing it with saline and injecting it into their faces .
Yet , precisely that appears to be possible with the help of discountmedspa.com .
Wired.com was able to complete the ordering process on discountmedspa.com for the Freeze without being asked for a prescription .
In fact , the word , “ prescription ” does not appear anywhere on the website .
The domain ’s registration details are private , but medspacanada.com , which refers back to discountmedspa.com , is registered to Cristie Stone , with the same phone number and e-mail address listed on discountmedspa ’s website .
The physical address listed for medspacanada.com is the home of the Manitoba Society of Pharmacists , which has no record of Stone .
“ Not only is Christie [ sic ]
Stone not a member or the Society , I can honestly say that I have never heard her name before , ” wrote Jill Ell , executive director of the society , in an e-mail to Wired.com .
Wired.com was unable to track down any trace of Stone anywhere , but did discover that D’Alleva ’s maiden name is Stone .
Wired.com reached D’Alleva ’s assistant , but had not heard back from D’Alleva at publication time .
The discountmedspa.com blog administrator , presumably D’Alleva posting under the handle Botox Queen , provided an explanation from a purported “ long - time customer , ” Tamara Lesley , explaining how the site is able to offer a prescription product .
“ Laurie belongs to the Texas Medical Council and is licensed to sell these products to the women that want to use them and understand that it is their responsibility to use them safely , ” she wrote .
Wired Science could not find an organization called the Texas Medical Council .
It does not maintain a website and has not been mentioned in the press .
A representative for the Texas Department of State Health Services had never heard of it .
Barry DiBernardo , a plastic surgeon from Mont Clair , New Jersey , had not heard of people home - administering Botox or Dysport , but did not think it was a good idea .
“ I ’m not aware of that , ” DiBernardo said .
“ You need to know where the muscles are , the depth , the dosage .
That does n’t seem good . ”
Short of buying and testing it , there is no way to verify that the product sold on the site is the genuine article , but the site swears by it — and the legality of its practices .
In a blog post response to a customer ’s skeptical query , Laurie provided the following explanation for the legality of her site and the provenance of her products .
I know there is much information out on the net about fillers and Botox ‘ knock - offs ’ .
This is not what I am selling !
The products I have are from a company names Ipsen …
I have a connection that allows me to get products that are not usually available in the states because I purchase other products in their line .
Now the trick is I have to market it and label it under my own brand , to keep them and myself from getting into any legal trouble .
It does take a leap of faith , but I assure you I have over 2000 customers now who love the products and are saving literally hundreds of thousands of dollars between us !
It ’s unclear how D’Alleva obtains the drugs and then resells them .
Ipsen did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Wired.com .
Ipsen also sells Dysport in Mexico , so it ’s possible the drugs are purchased there and illegally imported into the U.S .
“ If it ’s prescription - only , it does n’t matter whether it ’s over the counter in Mexico or not , ” said Carmen Catizone , executive director of the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy .
“ Offering a prescription drug without a prescription is illegal any way you phrase it . ”
Catizone also cautioned that the drugs might not actually be real , though his organization had picked up some buzz about purchasing Botox and its competitors without a prescription .
“ Sometimes , if the site offers Botox , they may not really be selling Botox , ” Catizone said .
Users of the site , though , testify to a variety of experiences with the drugs that seem to indicate that the Freeze is actually a botulinum toxin - derivative , as discountmedspa.com ’s proprietor claims .
If the site ’s comments are a con — it ’s a very elaborate one .
In comments on the discountmedspa blog , users testify to watching YouTube videos of doctors doing Botox injections to learn techniques for making themselves look the way they want .
Dozens of cosmetic surgeons show off their Botox procedures in videos made to promote their services .
Lesley offered a helpful hint on how to inject the Freeze to make the corners of the mouth turn up so you appear to be always smiling .
“ I watched a Doctor on YouTube.com do this to a patient and he warned people not to inject below the eyes however I had to put a smile on my face too , ” Lesley commented on a blog post .
“ The trick to this is to hold a pencil just at the corner of one side of your mouth and inject two units of Freeze at the very bottom of your chin .
This will cause your [ sic ] very end of your mouth to turn up .
Then do the other side the same way .
If you do n’t get it even you may have a crooked smile so be very careful that the injection is placed in exactly the same place as the other side . ”
Her recommendation for another user is to “ watch YouTube.com and you will learn a lot of some of the Doctors [ sic ] secrets to recreating your face the way you want to look . ”
Other women describe mishaps with over - injecting the drug .
“ My Dr. would never inject the crows feet .
I did and got GREAT results ! ” wrote a commenter named Pat .
“ Unfortunately , I ca n’t read those little hash marks on the syringe too well and over injected above the brow on one side .
A week later I ’m now sporting a half closed and swollen eye , and look ready for Halloween ! ”
In January , Wired.com reported on other similar websites that sell Melanotan , a tanning drug that has not been approved by the FDA , which has cracked down on the drug ’s manufacturers and distributors .
In response to queries from Wired.com , the Texas Department of State Health Services released the following statement , but would not comment further .
“ The Texas Department of State Health Services is aware of discountmedspa.com through a complaint we received .
That complaint status remains open and under review , ” the agency wrote .
The complaint was made under the Texas Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act , which regulates the sale of prescription drugs like Dysport in the state .
“ Botox is a prescription drug that must be dispensed or sold by a licensee pharmacy and only with a prescription from a licensed practitioner .
Any over - the - counter sale of Botox is illegal , ” the agency affirmed .
The Food and Drug Administration did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the illegal sale of Dysport , but asked Wired.com for the web address of the offending site .
Video :
The original YouTube video was pulled by DiscountMedSpa on Wednesday , October 28 .
Wired.com had saved the source and has embedded that video in the story .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
I 's gone an ' outdone myself !
Since the last post got so much attention , I realized more people were interested in reading the touch input than I thought .
So , I wondered how good ctypes is at using private frameworks from Apple .
Turns out , pretty darn good .
This is an implementation of a simple multitouch listener which just prints the information :
@MTContactCallbackFunction def my_callback ( device , data_ptr , n_fingers , timestamp , frame ) : print device , timestamp , frame for i in xrange ( n_fingers ) : data = data_ptr [ i ] d = " x= %.2 f , y= %.2 f " % ( data .
normalized .
position . x * 100 , data .
normalized .
position . y * 100 ) print " %d : %s " % ( i , d ) return 0 devices = MultitouchSupport . MTDeviceCreateList ( ) num_devices = CFArrayGetCount ( devices ) print " num_devices = " , num_devices for i in xrange ( num_devices ) : device = CFArrayGetValueAtIndex ( devices , i ) print " device # %d : %016 x " % ( i , device ) MTRegisterContactFrameCallback ( device , my_callback ) MTDeviceStart ( device , 0 ) #
Why sleep instead of join ?
Ask David Beazley .
while threading .
active_count ( ) : time .
sleep ( 0.125 )
See this paste for the whole body , including the ctypes definitions and mappings .
Jon-Barrett Ingels was fired as a waiter thanks in large part to Jane Adams .
The co-star of HBO 's
Hung could n't pay her check , then failed to tip when she did .
The waiter complained on Twitter ; Smith complained to his boss .
Ingles , reports the Los Angeles Times , was then fired .
But Adams can't take all the blame : Ingels had to know it was coming .
If you 're going to tweet about which musician did n't wear a bra in your restaurant ( Ali Harter ) , which Office star was hungover ( BJ Novak ) in your restaurant and which actress looked hot ( Tori Spelling ) in your restaurant , you probably are n't long for that restaurant .
Especially if it 's located in Beverly Hills .
Update : We had Adams ' name wrong in the lead .
Since starting this journey , I have had the pleasure to meet many people inside the Linux video editing community .
The PiTiVi project ( lead by Edward Hervey ) has contacted me about joining their project .
PiTiVi is a Python , Gstreamer , and Gnonlin based non-linear video editing project .
I have also been in contact with many members of the Cinelerra project ( which is arguably the largest and most complete FOSS Linux - based video editor ) .
The Cinelerra community is designing version 3 ( named Lumiera ) , and they are actively collecting ideas .
I have been keeping track of the best ideas .
Do n't worry , I 'll give credit to them for any ideas I use . =)
Thanks guys .
Recently , I have been contacted by the creator of a brand new non-linear video editing project , called the Saya Video Editor .
I 'm not sure what the term Saya means ( Wikipedia claims that it is a Japanese pop singer ) .
Let 's hope that 's not what it stands for . =)
They are using a different multimedia backend than all the previous editors I mentioned , so good luck to them .
I 'm not sure where my project will end up in this community .
There are many smart and creative people , and a huge community of users that really want a good video editor .
One thing is for sure , Linux will have a good video editor soon :
AUSTRALIA'S leading demographer , Bernard Salt , is at as much of a loss as I am about our cavalier attitude to population .
" We have no problem in producing a climate change report that will predict sea levels rising over 100 years and prompting everyone to run around like headless chooks saying we need to plan for that , " he told me yesterday .
" But we do n't plan for population growth in 10 years ' time .
It has a bigger impact on the livability of our city than the possibility Port Phillip Bay will rise 8 cm . "
Of course , if you do n't have a master plan , you do n't have politicians obliged to make provision and legislate for future power , water and public transport requirements .
" This nation does not have a business plan -- a master plan -- to know where we are going in 30 , 40 , 50 years time , " said Salt .
" If you do n't have a master plan politicians can chop and change .
" That means they can work reactively , taking the nation 's political pulse each election , rather than biting the bullet and making decisions that do n't fit with our awkwardly short three - year election cycles . ''
Salt wants an ongoing population council - like body to review our population policies after every census .
" I want them to nail their colours to the mast and say this is where we going .
" We are going to 35 million , this is how we are going to do it and as a consequence here is the spending on infrastructure for the next 30 years . "
Salt says that world population will peak in 2070 at 9.1 billion .
It is now about 6.5 billion .
He asks if it diplomatically realistic for a large , empty continent like Australia , which may be empty for very good reasons , to believe we are full at 22 million , even if that figure is politically acceptable at home .
" I do n't think that argument is going to wash in a world that is seeing a mad scramble for resources . "
Originally published as We need to plan for 35 million people
Farming meat is not evil , and I support the seal hunt
I read with disdain a Thought Leader blog that called the farming of meat “ evil ” .
I have just returned to Canada and I visiting my parents on the farm and it is killing time .
I say this to be provocative and honest about what we do .
The chickens and turkeys are fully grown and we have started to process them .
The lambs have been sent to the processing plant last week and we have freezers full of meat .
We have currently 150 breeding ewes , 18 horses , 50 chickens for meat , 12 for eggs , 25 turkeys , six dogs and some rescues ( random barn cats , two ducks and a goat ) .
We proudly raise and sell our animals for meat and we do so in as ethically and humanely manner as possible .
And yes , we kill them and eat them .
I get annoyed by animal rights activists who denounce the entire industry as “ evil ” or some other hyperbolic expression .
I find they lack real information ( a crude YouTube video is not evidence ) and are dishonest in their portrayal of what farmers actually do .
What I also find annoying is that far too often people that denounce all animal use or consumption will still wear polyester based clothing .
Sir Paul McCartney is a vocal advocate against the meat industry and he can be seen on the ice flows of the Canadian Arctic denouncing the seal hunt .
He is easy to spot due to his bright red snow - suit made of a plastic by - product of the petrochemical industry ; a far worse industry than meat producers in terms of global impact and environmental impact .
I will return to the seal hunt below .
Our farm has been growing its sheep herd .
Two years ago we only had 80 breeding ewes and grew all our own hay and barley to feed our animals .
We were not officially organic as my parents could not be bothered to fight to obtain the certificate , which is not all that easy to get .
We now raise too many sheep to grow our own barley although we usually produce enough hay annually to meet our needs .
The cost to get certified organic feed for the sheep is too prohibitive in cost for us to source .
I am not convinced that certified organic is necessarily better .
I would prefer to source meat for local farmers whether or not they are organic .
I support farm fresh free - range chickens and one must be conscious that it is possible to raise organic chickens under battery conditions .
So be conscious of organic labeling — it can be misleading in terms of ethics .
Despite the annual killing of our animals we love them dearly , raise them with pride and feel much more compassion than the anti-meat lobby would have you know .
Most farmers do care deeply for their animals and their way of life ; to depict them as savage , uncaring , brutes shows ignorance and a willful ignorance .
Animals raised in cruel conditions do not grow as well , suffer more injuries and are difficult to handle .
Battery farms of chickens are another story that overcome this through sheer size and are not what I am discussing here .
My mother feeds her chickens and turkeys daily any vegetable scraps and certain weeds from the garden alongside their normal chicken feed ( a premix of different grains and minerals ) .
When it comes time to kill them she allows dad to step in as the axe murderer .
He calmly and slowly kills each chicken far away from the rest and their death is over in a few seconds from being grabbed to the final curtain .
Our sheep are taken to a slaughterhouse where they are dropped off and dispatched within a day .
We do not sell any live lambs at market as we do not wish for them to be transported long - distances across Canada or into the USA in crowded conditions .
None of our lambs live in a feed - lot at any time .
For many in the anti-meat lobby they see nothing but contradictions in our stance of caring and loving our animals to killing them .
I think that as farmers , we accept that death is part of life and that nobody gets out of here alive .
Ensuring the animals we raise suffer as little as possible does not make us hypocrites , but simply human .
For those about to attack me here , I ask you to look at your wardrobe .
Do you have any nylon or products from the petrochemical industry lurking in your closet ?
Is that not a worse industry than the meat industry ?
Does it not contribute to the destruction of the environment and therefore the reduction of natural habitat ?
I am not even advocating all natural fibre for all our clothing needs as cotton also contributes terribly to devastation of crop lands and massive water consumption .
I am asking for balance in our views and beliefs .
I think that the anti-meat lobby should be more honest and upfront with their ideological beliefs .
Their beliefs are at best beliefs in the sanctity of all life and their depiction of the meat industry is dishonest .
Their claim to lesser environmental impact is erroneous as it posits all land as being of equal quality to produce their beans and vegetable crops .
Meat is simply the best and most compact form of nutrition available to people in arable lands .
The various peoples of the Kalahari I work with cannot live on beans trucked in from abroad .
And as for the meat eaters ; I think they should know more about where their meat comes from and how it gets to their table .
We should avoid buying meat wrapped in plastic and set out on Styrofoam trays .
I would like everyone to speak to the manager of their local supermarket and request the removal of the Styrofoam trays and extra packaging .
Even better would be to find a local farmer that you can buy direct from or use the local butcher .
And I said I would return to the seal hunt .
I do support the Canadian seal hunt .
And again this is not out of hatred for fluffy animals with big brown eyes , but is support for aboriginal communities that rely on this for their sole source of income and for the bio-degradable products created form this industry .
As long as it stays carefully monitored and regulated , Paul McCartney can stay off the ice flows .
And the little baby white coats that appear on youtube being clubbed to death are no longer hunted .
The most horrific claims have been refute .
Seals are not skinned alive as often claimed .
Enough on this topic for now .
I await the comments that follow .
A null pointer dereference in the Linux kernel can be exploited to access a system at root privilege level .
The hole is reportedly contained in pipe.c and can occur in certain circumstances when using the pipe_read_open ( ) , pipe_write_open ( ) or pipe_rdwr_open ( ) functions while releasing a mutex ( mutual exclusion ) too early – which constitutes a classic race condition .
So far , the flaw has only been fixed in release candidate 6 of the forthcoming version 2.6.32 .
However , like previous null pointer dereference issues in the Linux kernel , the vulnerability can only be exploited if the kernel 's mmap_min_addr system variable is set to 0 .
mmap_min_addr describes the lowest virtual address a process can use for mapping .
If it is greater than 0 , exploits that involve a null - valued pointer to this address wo n't work .
However , as this will also cause certain open source applications like Wine and DOSEMU to malfunction , distributors such as Red Hat and Debian set the respective value to 0 by default .
Red Hat has already released updated packages to close the hole .
Debian offers instructions on how to change the variable .
In Ubuntu , mmap_min_addr is set to 65535 , which renders exploits ineffective .
While developer Earl Chew was the first to officially point out the flaw on the 14th of October , on the Linux Kernel Mailing List , developer Brad Spengler , who is responsible for the grsecurity project , also claims to have discovered it in mid October .
Spengler even told the UK media that he developed an exploit two weeks ago .
Spengler has released exploits for previous null pointer dereferences discovered in the Linux kernel .
At the request of The H's associates at heise Security , Spengler has said that he will publish his exploits , possibly later today .
See also :
( crve )
The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have already cost taxpayers $ 314 billion , and the Congressional Budget Office projects additional expenses of perhaps $ 450 billion over the next 10 years .
That could make the combined campaigns , especially the war in Iraq , the most expensive military effort in the last 60 years , causing even some conservative experts to criticize the open - ended commitment to an elusive goal .
The concern is that the soaring costs , given little weight before now , could play a growing role in U.S. strategic decisions because of the fiscal impact .
" Osama ( bin Laden ) does n't have to win ; he will just bleed us to death , " said Michael Scheuer , a former counterterrorism official at the CIA who led the pursuit of bin Laden and recently retired after writing two books critical of the Clinton and Bush administrations .
" He 's well on his way to doing it . "
The Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments , a nonpartisan Washington think tank , has estimated that the Korean War cost about $ 430 billion and the Vietnam War cost about $ 600 billion , in current dollars .
According to the latest estimates , the cost of the war in Iraq could exceed $ 700 billion .
Put simply , critics say , the war is not making the United States safer and is harming U.S. taxpayers by saddling them with an enormous debt burden , since the war is being financed with deficit spending .
One of the most vocal Republican critics has been Sen. Chuck Hagel of Nebraska , who said the costs of the war -- many multiples greater than what the White House had estimated in 2003 -- are throwing U.S. fiscal priorities out of balance .
" It 's dangerously irresponsible , " Hagel said in February of the war spending .
He later told U.S. News & World Report , " The White House is completely disconnected from reality . "
He added that the apparent lack of solid plans for defeating the insurgency and providing stability in Iraq made it seem " like they 're just making it up as they go along . "
The Democrats have also raised concerns about the apparent lack of an exit strategy and the fast - rising costs , particularly since President Bush has chosen to pay for the war with special supplemental appropriations outside the normal budget process .
Some Democrats have insisted that , to cover war costs , the president should propose comparable reductions in other government programs , in part to be fiscally responsible and in part to make the price of the war more tangible .
" We are not going to be stinting in our support of our troops , " said Rep. John Spratt , D - S.C. , a senior member of both the Budget and Armed Services committees .
" The least we can do is make sure they have everything they need to do the job .
On the other hand , we need to understand the long - term costs .
We need to know it to make honest budgets .
" Are there trade - offs we can make to pay for this ?
We have to look at that .
This has been longer - lasting and more intense than anybody anticipated . "
Some conservative experts outside Congress also have started questioning whether the war and its uncertain conclusion are worth the cost , in money and blood .
" The objective has always been to install a friendly government , " said Charles V. Peña , director of defense policy studies at the Cato Institute in Washington , a libertarian think tank .
" Are the costs worth that ?
No , because it's not something we can accomplish for the long term .
It 's just going to continue to drain the American taxpayer .
I do n't see how it 's going to get better .
It 's only going to get worse . "
James Jay Carafano , a senior fellow for national security and homeland security at the Heritage Foundation , which supports the president on most matters , warned that the war 's costs would only rise because of the growing need to repair and replace battered military equipment , from helicopters to Humvees .
In addition , the rising death toll is making it harder for the military to recruit new soldiers , and long deployments are hurting the morale of National Guard and reserve units sent to Iraq .
If the White House does not increase military spending , Carafano warned , the United States could end up with both a looming disaster in Iraq and a weaker military .
" I do n't think we 're going to have enough money to run this military based on what they 're asking for , " said Carafano .
" If you do n't increase spending , you can hollow out the military . "
He added that the war itself increasingly looks like a bad investment : " I think there is a point of diminishing returns in Iraq .
There is a point where you 're just throwing money at the problem .
Quite frankly , I think we 're at the tipping point . "
Since the shooting war in Iraq began in March , 2003 , 1,763 U.S. soldiers have been killed in Iraq , and at least 13,336 have been wounded , according to data collected by the Iraq Index , which is assembled by the Brookings Institution in Washington .
In September 2002 , the Congressional Budget Office , a nonpartisan research arm of Congress , estimated that the war would cost $ 1.5 billion to $ 4 billion per month .
In fact , it costs between $ 5 billion and $ 8 billion per month .
The Pentagon says the " burn rate " -- the operating costs of the wars --
has averaged $ 5.6 billion per month in the current fiscal year , but that does not include some costs for maintenance and replacement of equipment and some training and reconstruction costs , experts say .
According to an analysis by the Democratic staff of the House Budget Committee , from the beginning of the war in March , 2003 , through the fiscal year that ends Sept. 30 , the Bush administration has received a total of $ 314 billion in special appropriations for the wars .
Unlike the Persian Gulf War against Iraq in 1991 , the U.S. has had to bear nearly all this war 's costs on its own .
The Congressional Research Service reported that , as of early June , 26 countries had military forces in Iraq , but they make up a small fraction of the U.S. troop levels , about 140 , 000 ; another 11 countries have already left Iraq .
Just for the current fiscal year , the administration has received $ 107 billion in special appropriations , about $ 87 billion of which is directly related to military operations , according to the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments .
Most of the remainder has been spent on training and equipping Iraqi forces .
U.S. taxpayers must also cover other costs .
For instance , the United States is spending $ 658 million to construct an embassy in Baghdad , which , with initial operating costs , could bring the expense of this super - secure facility to nearly $ 1.3 billion by the time it opens in several years .
" Two years ago , no one expected the war would take this long , " said Steven Kosiak , director of budget studies at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments .
" On a per - troop basis , this war has been far more costly than expected , almost double the estimates . "
Edward Luttwak , a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington and a former military consultant to both Republican and Democratic administrations , said the unexpectedly high costs show inappropriate military priorities in Iraq .
He said too much is being spent on operating high - tech weaponry , such as jet fighters and naval battle groups , and not enough on troops , which are best at fighting elusive insurgents .
That just further proves that the U.S. military , Luttwak said , is the best on earth at fighting conventional wars , but one of the worst at policing and counterinsurgencies .
For example , he noted that heavy Air Force fighters , such as the F - 15E , are being used for aerial reconnaissance , when cheaper aircraft might work better .
He questioned why a huge Navy battle group , including an aircraft carrier , is stationed near Iraq , when it offers little help in fighting a largely hidden insurgency in Iraq 's towns and cities .
" It 's quite important to look at the costs of the war , quite apart from counting the money , which is substantial , " Luttwak said .
" It is a good way to assess what is going on .
It 's not worth the price of what we 're paying . "
$ 313.9 BILLION . . . is the U.S. cost for operations in Iraq and Afghanistan since 2001 .
The following shows a breakdown of that total by year and by type of costs : IRAQ Fiscal year 2003 2004 2005 Military 48.9 77.9 62.9 Reconstruction , foreign 6.6 20.1 1.8 assistance and training .
AFGHANISTAN Fiscal year 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 Military 13.0 17.5 27.1 18.0 13.0 Reconstruction , foreign 0.5 0.6 1.4 1.9 2.7 assistance and training .
IRAQ Military $ 189.7 billion Reconstruction , foreign +28.5 billion assistance and training TOTAL : $ 218.2 billion .
AFGHANISTAN Military $ 88.6 billion Reconstruction , foreign +7.1 billion assistance and training TOTAL : $ 95.7 billion GRAND TOTAL : $ 313.9 billion Sources : Office of Management and Budget ; Defense Department ; Congressional Research Service ; House Budget Committee Democratic Caucus Todd Trumbull / The Chronicle
Parents and advocates have been clamoring for an approach that addresses the multiple health problems that plague many children with autism .
“ Our kids will do much better if medical conditions like gut issues or allergies are treated , ” said Lee Grossman , president of the Autism Society of America , a leading advocacy group .
The new diagnostic approach addresses another source of confusion : the current labels may change over time .
“ A child can look like they have P.D.D. - N.O.S. , then Asperger ’s , then back to autism , ” Dr. Lord said .
The inconsistent use of these labels has been a problem for researchers recruiting subjects for studies of autism spectrum disorder .
And it can be a problem for people seeking help .
In some states , California and Texas , for example , people with traditional autistic disorder qualify for state services , while those with Asperger ’s and pervasive developmental disorder do not .
A big challenge for the diagnostic manual team working on autism is how to measure severity in a condition that often causes a very uneven profile of abilities and disabilities .
Mr. Grossman gives the example of a woman who serves on an advisory panel to his organization .
She is nonverbal and depends on an electronic device to communicate , is prone to self - injury and relies on a personal aide .
And yet “ she ’s absolutely brilliant , she runs a newsletter , and she ’s up on all the science , ” he said , adding , “ Where would somebody like that come out on the rating scale ? ”
Recent books by people with Asperger ’s give insights into the workings of some oddly beautiful minds .
In “ Embracing the Wide Sky ” ( Free Press , 2009 ) , Daniel Tammet , a shy British math and linguistic savant , tells how he was able to learn enough Icelandic in a week to manage a television interview and how he could recite the value of pi to 22,514 decimal places by envisioning the digits “ as a rolling numerical panorama ” of colors , shapes and textures .
In “ Look Me in the Eye ” ( Crown , 2007 ) , John Elder Robison describes a painfully lonely childhood and an ability to look at a circuit design and imagine how it will transform sound  a talent he used to invent audio effects and exploding guitars for the rock band Kiss .
Not all people with Asperger ’s have such extraordinary abilities , and some who do are so crippled by anxiety and social limitations that they cannot hold down a job or live on their own .
We are happy to announce the release of DBpedia 3.4 .
The new release is based on Wikipedia dumps dating from September 2009 .
The new DBpedia data set describes more than 2.9 million things , including 282,000 persons , 339,000 places , 88,000 music albums , 44,000 films , 15,000 video games , 119,000 organizations , 130,000 species and 4400 diseases .
The DBpedia data set now features labels and abstracts for these things in 91 different languages ; 807,000 links to images and 3,840,000 links to external web pages ; 4,878,100 external links into other RDF datasets , 415,000 Wikipedia categories , and 75,000 YAGO categories .
The data set consists of 479 million pieces of information ( RDF triples ) out of which 190 million were extracted from the English edition of Wikipedia and 289 million were extracted from other language editions .
The new release provides the following improvements and changes compared to the DBpedia 3.3 release :
the data set has been extracted from more recent Wikipedia dumps .
the data set now provides labels , abstracts and infobox data in 91 different languages .
we provide two different version of the DBpedia Infobox Ontology ( loose and strict ) in order to meet different application requirements .
Please refer to http://wiki.dbpedia.org/Datasets#h18-11 for details .
as Wikipedia has moved to dual - licensing , we also dual - license DBpedia .
The DBpedia 3.4 data set is licensed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike 3.0 license and the GNU Free Documentation License .
the mapping - based infobox data extractor has been improved and now normalizes units of measurement .
various bug fixes and improvements throughout the code base .
Please refer to the change log for the complete list http://wiki.dbpedia.org/Changelog
You can download the new DBpedia dataset from http://wiki.dbpedia.org/Downloads34.
As usual , the dataset is also available as Linked Data and via the DBpedia SPARQL endpoint at http://dbpedia.org/sparql.
Lots of thanks to
Anja Jentzsch , Christopher Sahnwaldt , Robert Isele , and Paul Kreis ( all Freie Universität Berlin ) for improving the DBpedia extraction framework and for extracting the new data set .
Jens Lehmann and Sören Auer ( Universität Leipzig ) for providing new data set via the DBpedia download server at Universität Leipzig .
Kingsley Idehen and Mitko Iliev for loading the new data set into the Virtuoso instance that serves the Linked Data view and SPARQL endpoint .
OpenLink Software ( http://www.openlinksw.com/) altogether for providing the server infrastructure for DBpedia .
Neofonie GmbH , Berlin , ( http://www.neofonie.de/index.jsp) for supporting the DBpedia project by paying Christopher Sahnwaldt .
The next steps for the DBpedia project will be to
synchronize Wikipedia and DBpedia by deploying the DBpedia live extraction which updates the DBpedia knowledge base immediately when a Wikipedia article changes .
enable the DBpedia user community to edit and maintain the DBpedia ontology and the infobox mappings that are used by the extraction framework in a public Wiki .
increase the quality of the extracted data by improving and fine - tuning the extraction code .
All this will hopefully happen soon .
Have fun with the new data set !
Cheers
Chris Bizer
By Judith Burns
Science and environment reporter , BBC News
Whytootackay Island by Lieutenant G Tobin aboard HMS Providence in 1792
Scientists hope weather data from 18th Century ships ' logbooks will throw new light on how the climate has changed in the past 200 years .
A new UK project is digitising nearly 300 Royal Navy captains ' logs from voyages dating back to the 1760s .
They include the voyages of Charles Darwin on HMS Beagle , Captain Cook 's log from HMS Discovery and Captain Bligh 's journal from The Bounty .
The logbooks will be available on the National Archives website next year .
But scientists are already transcribing the data as part of a project led by the University of Sunderland .
Detailed records
The logbooks contain detailed records of weather in the oceans , which were updated daily or even hourly by senior officers .
There are measurements of wind speed and direction as well as temperature and pressure recordings .
As time went on the measurements became more instrumented and accurate .
The logs are proving to be a vital tool for modern day climate researchers , who are using them to build up a picture of weather patterns in the world at the beginning of the industrial era .
The researchers are cross referencing the data with historical records for crop failures , droughts and storms and will compare it with data for the modern era in order to predict similar events in the future .
David Parker of the Met Office Hadley Centre told BBC News : " The idea is to extend the data back further so you can develop statistical models of the relationship between weather patterns and harvests and so on , ( and ) apply those relationships to the future expected weather under climate change . "
A detail from Captain Bligh 's log from The Bounty in 1788 Climatologist Dr Dennis Wheeler from the University of Sunderland said : " The observations from the logbooks on wind force and weather are astonishingly good and often better than modern logbooks .
" Of course the sailors had to be conscientious .
The thought that you could hit a reef was a great incentive to get your observations absolutely right !
" What happens in the oceans controls what happens in the atmosphere .
So we absolutely need to comprehend the oceans to understand future weather patterns . "
The logs not only contain records of the weather but footnotes and personal observations of life on board , and the places and people the crews encountered on their voyages .
Oliver Morley of The National Archives said : " The logbooks have long been of interest to historians and naval enthusiasts , and the fact that they are now being used for scientific research is a great example of how archival information created for one purpose can be re-used for something entirely different . "
The Royal Navy ships ' logbooks will also feed into a larger international project known as Acre ( Atmospheric Circulation Reconstructions over the Earth ) , which aims to build historical climate records from observations only .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The displeasure directed by some in the Modern Warfare 2 PC community toward Infinity Ward is n't limited to petitions .
This weekend , YouTube removed a video Infinity posted to its channel , after a modder filed a DMCA takedown notice .
Advertisement
BASHandSlash user PST * Joker has claimed that Modern Warfare 2's AC - 130 reward ( achieved for a killstreak of 11 ) was influenced by mods he and other PC gamers made to the original Modern Warfare .
Infinity Ward posted a video ( above , currently hosted on a non-Infinity Ward account ) highlighting the AC - 130 bonus in Modern Warfare 2 .
Advertisement
So one of the site 's community members sent a tweet out to PST * Joker recommending he , as the owner of the content , send a DMCA takedown to YouTube .
" See how youtube responds , " he said .
Shortly thereafter , the video was pulled , right off of Infinity Ward 's official channel .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
BASHandSlash says that after the takedown , Infinity Ward community manager Robert Bowling direct messaged PST * Joker about the removal : " " Really ?
Copyright infringment claim ? : sigh : " read the message , according to BASHandSlash .
MW2 : IW Gets AC130 Takedown Notice [ BASHandSlash.com , thanks Sean H. ]
" We are trying to get those people staying closer to the coast to move inland , " said Tuvalu 's acting police commissioner Titelu Kauani .
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre issued a tsunami warning for some 25 regional nations and territories including as far afield as Australia , New Zealand and Indonesia , before cancelling it about two and a half hours later .
But the warning centre cautioned that the tsunami may have wrought damage close to the quake zone and that it was up to local authorities in each country to give the all - clear to residents .
" Sea level readings indicate a tsunami was generated , " the centre said , without giving any indication of the size of the wave or whether it was capable of causing damage .
" It may have been destructive along coasts near the earthquake epicentre , " it said .
" Danger to boats and coastal structures can continue for several hours due to rapid currents . "
The alert came just eight days after an 8.0 earthquake hurled giant waves at Samoa , American Samoa and Tonga , obliterating entire villages and killing 177 residents and foreign tourists .
No reports of Australian injuries
There is hysteria , with people saying they have seen big waves coming Parliamentary secretary for international development Bob McMullan said authorities were continuing to monitor the situation .
" At this stage there ’s no reports of any problems for any Australians or any damage , " he told Sky News .
" These are significant earthquakes affecting potentially both the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu immediately , and then you have the tsunami consequence .
" So , we ’ll have to do a lot of monitoring to be sure what ’s happened on the smaller and the outlying islands . "
Staff from the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade ( DFAT ) were trying to contact Australians in the affected areas , Mr McMullan said .
" We need to be very careful to gather all the information but we ’re contacting all the Australians .
" Our consular contingency plans are swinging into effect again and as far as we can tell so far there ’s no serious damage and there ’s no impact on Australians to date . "
A DFAT spokesperson said Australian diplomatic missions in Vanuatu , the Solomon Islands , Nauru , Papua New Guinea , Samoa , Tonga , Fiji , New Caledonia , and Kiribati had been alerted .
" Our missions are contacting registered Australians in the area to determine if any Australians have been affected , ’’ the spokesperson said .
" So far , there have been no reports of any Australians requiring consular assistance . "
" So far , there have been no reports of any Australians requiring consular assistance . "
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre had earlier issued a tsunami warning for 11 nations , including Papua New Guinea , an oil and gas supplier , and the popular resort islands of Fiji , Vanuatu and New Caledonia .
The two huge subsea quakes struck between Vanuatu and the Solomon Islands , one measuring 7.8 magnitude and the other 7.1 .
The first 7.8 quake struck 294 kilometres from Vanuatu's Espiritu Santo island at a shallow depth of 35 kilometres , according to the US Geological Survey ( USGS ) .
The second earthquake struck 330 km from Luganville on Vanuatu 's Espiritu Santo island at 9.18 am , just 15 minutes after the earlier tremor .
New Zealand Civil Defence urged all people to clear beaches in Northland and East Cape and if in boats , to get off the water , and has advised all fire , police and local councils to be on standby .
Residents of the Vanuatu capital Port Vila fled coastal areas to higher ground , locals told AFP .
A groups of Sydney high school students were in Vanuatu running lessons for locals when the tsunami warning hit .
The group of 33 girls from Wenona girls school - in North Sydney - had to move to higher ground this morning as soon as the tsunami warning was issued , school spokesman Mark Staker said .
Principal Kerrie Wilde , in Sydney , had since been in contact with teachers travelling with the students and been told they were safe and well .
The girls , in grades nine through to 11 , had been in Vanuatu on a " service learning tour " since Saturday .
" They work with local schools , the kids conduct lessons and run sports carnivals , " Mr Staker said .
Seventeen of the girls had been at Erakor , near Port Vila , and the other 16 were at Manua when the tsunami warning was issued .
There were six teachers with the students .
The group are expected back on Saturday .
An Australian tourist on her honeymoon in Vanuatu said locals were completely unaware of a tsunami alert .
Leia from Bendigo in central Victoria , told ABC Radio that she only found out about warning after her brother in Australia called her .
" The tour guide looked at me very strangely and with broken English was like : ' What do you mean ? '
" And I said : ' Do n't you have tsunami warnings ? ' and he said ' No .
We ’ve never had to do this before ' . "
The Vanuatu tour guide then called the local weather station and Leia spoke with the centre and discovered they also had " no idea " about any tsunami threat .
" It was very frightening to have the locals not aware of what was going on , " she said .
She said only those who had a radio with them would have known about the warning .
It feels like the " calm before the storm " , she said .
Authorities in New Caledonia , a French territory , were evacuating people from the island 's eastern shore and from the nearby Loyalty Islands to higher ground , local police said .
A resident of Luganville on the southern coast of Vanuatu's Espiritu Santo island said the quake had shaken the town , but there were no reports of damage or change in sea level .
Loading " People were frightened and some ran out of the building onto the street because it was so strong , " a Florence Cari , receptionist at the Hotel Santo told Reuters by telephone .
" The sea has not changed but we do n't know if something will happen . "
A reporter at the newspaper in Port Vila said people on Vanuatu 's Espiritu Santo island were running for higher ground .
" We have had reports that the kids are running into the hills , " she said .
Scientology 's Celebrity Centre in Paris was fined in the ruling A French court has convicted the Church of Scientology of fraud , but stopped short of banning the group from operating in France .
Two branches of the group 's operations and several of its leaders in France have been fined .
The case came after complaints from two women , one of whom said she was manipulated into paying more than 20,000 euros ( £ 18,100 ) in the 1990s .
A Scientology spokesman told the BBC the verdict was " all bark and no bite " .
France regards Scientology as a sect , not a religion .
Prosecutors had asked for the group 's French operations to be dissolved and more heavily fined , but a legal loophole prevented any ban .
Instead , a Paris judge ordered the Church 's Celebrity Centre and a bookshop to pay a 600,000 - euro fine .
Alain Rosenberg , the group 's head in France , was handed a two - year suspended jail sentence and fined 30,000 euros .
Three other leading members of the group were also fined .
Ban ' still possible '
Unlike the US , France has always refused to recognise Scientology as a religion , arguing that it is a purely commercial operation designed to make as much money as it can at the expense of often vulnerable victims , the BBC's Emma Jane Kirby reports from Paris .
Religious freedom is in danger in this country
Eric Roux
French Celebrity Centre spokesman
Over the past 10 years , France has taken several individual members of the group to court on charges of fraud and misleading publicity , but this is the first time the organisation itself has been charged , she says .
Tommy Davis , spokesman for the Church of Scientology International , told BBC News that the court had acted " in total violation of the European Convention on Human Rights and French constitutional guarantees on freedom " .
The case " fell flat on its face " , he said .
" The fines will get thrown out on appeal .
We 've had similar cases before and in other countries .
If it has to go to the court of human rights we 're confident we will win there . "
Speaking by phone from the US , he said it was a " political gesture " against the organisation , but " Scientology will continue to grow in France " .
The Church of Scientology was founded in 1954 by the late science fiction writer L Ron Hubbard , and includes Hollywood stars such as John Travolta and Tom Cruise .
Manipulation claims
In the case leading up to Tuesday 's ruling , a woman said she was sold expensive life - improvement courses , vitamins and other products after taking a personality test .
A second woman alleges she was fired by her Scientologist boss after refusing to undergo testing and sign up to courses .
The organisation denied that any mental manipulation took place .
The court was unable to impose a ban because of a legal amendment that was passed just before the trial began , preventing the banning of an organisation convicted of fraud .
However , that amendment has now been changed .
" It is very regrettable that the law quietly changed before the trial , " Georges Fenech , the head of the Inter - ministerial Unit to Monitor and Fight Cults , told French TV .
" The system has now been put in place by parliament and it is certain that in the future , if new offences are committed , a ban could eventually be pronounced , " he said .
A lawyer defending Scientology 's operations in France said there would be an appeal .
Eric Roux , a spokesman for the Celebrity Centre , urged France to recognise Scientology 's " legality " .
" Religious freedom is in danger in this country , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Its denigrators will be kicking themselves : a children 's book about two male penguins who raise an orphaned chick has shot up Amazon 's bestseller charts after it was named as the title which people have tried hardest to ban in the US .
And Tango Makes
Three by Justin Richardson and Peter Parnell is a children 's picture book based on the true story of a zookeeper at a New York zoo , who spotted two of his male penguins attempting to hatch a stone , and " realises that it may be time for Roy and Silo to become parents for real " .
Parents in the US have complained about its " homosexual undertones " ( it 's " a homosexual storyline that has been sugar - coated with cute penguins " , said one ) according to the American Library Association , which puts together a list of the most challenged titles in the country every year .
And Tango Makes
Three has topped that list for the last three years .
But the challenges appear to have had the opposite effect from what their instigators might have hoped .
Renewed focus on And Tango Makes
Three this week , thanks to Banned Books Week , the annual US celebration of the freedom to read , has sent it racing to the top of Amazon .
co.uk 's " movers and shakers " chart , which monitors books experiencing sudden surges in demand .
" The current boost in its popularity during Banned Books Week will only spread its positive message to more families , " said Ingrid Selberg , children 's director at the book 's UK publisher , Simon & Schuster .
" And Tango Makes
Three is a charming picture book about love and family .
We are proud to have it on our list . "
Richardson himself said today that it was " regrettable that some parents believe reading a true story about two male penguins hatching an egg will damage their children 's moral development " .
" They are entitled to express their beliefs , but not to inflict them on others , " he added .
I 've been trying to catch up what hacks GPU vendors have exposed in Direct3D9 , and turns out there 's a lot of them !
If you know more hacks or more details , please let me know in the comments !
Most hacks are exposed as custom ( " FOURCC " ) formats .
So to check for that , you do CheckDeviceFormat .
Here 's the list ( Usage column codes : DS= DepthStencil , RT=RenderTarget ; Resource column codes : tex=texture , surf=surface ) .
More green = more hardware support .
Native Shadow Mapping
Native support for shadow map sampling & filtering was introduced ages ago ( GeForce 3 ) by NVIDIA .
Turns out AMD also implemented the same feature for DX10 level cards .
Intel also supports it on Intel 965 ( aka GMA X3100 , the shader model 3 card ) and later ( G45/X4500 / HD ) cards .
The usage is quite simple ; just create a texture with regular depth / stencil format and render into it .
When reading from the texture , one extra component in texture coordinates will be the depth to compare with .
Compared & filtered result will be returned .
Also useful :
Creating ‘ NULL ’ color surface to keep D3D runtime happy and save on video memory .
Depth Buffer as Texture
For some rendering schemes ( anything with “ deferred ” ) or some effects ( SSAO , depth of field , volumetric fog , … ) having access to a depth buffer is needed .
If native depth buffer can be read as a texture , this saves both memory and a rendering pass or extra output for MRTs .
Depending on hardware , this can be achieved via INTZ , RAWZ , DF16 or DF24 formats :
INTZ is for recent ( DX10 + ) hardware .
With recent drivers , all three major IHVs expose this .
According to AMD [ 1 ] , it also allows using stencil buffer while rendering .
Also allows reading from depth texture while it ’s still being used for depth testing ( but not depth writing ) .
Looks like this applies to NV & Intel parts as well .
RAWZ is for GeForce 6 & 7 series only .
Depth is specially encoded into four channels of returned value .
DF16 and DF24 is for AMD and Intel cards , including older cards that do n’t support INTZ .
Unlike INTZ , this does not allow using depth buffer or using the surface for both sampling & depth testing at the same time .
Creating NULL color surface to keep D3D runtime happy and save on video memory .
RESZ allows resolving multisampled depth surfaces into non-multisampled depth textures ( result will be sample zero for each pixel ) .
Using INTZ for both depth / stencil testing and sampling at the same time seems to have performance problems on AMD cards ( checked Radeon HD 3xxx to 5xxx , Catalyst 9.10 to 10.5 ) .
A workaround is to render to INTZ depth / stencil first , then use RESZ to “ blit ” it into another surface .
Then do sampling from one surface , and depth testing on another .
Also useful when using depth textures : Caveats :
Depth Bounds Test
Direct equivalent of GL_EXT_depth_bounds_test OpenGL extension .
See [ 3 ] for more information .
Transparency Anti-Aliasing
NVIDIA exposes two controls : transparency multisampling ( ATOC ) and transparency supersampling ( SSAA ) [ 4 ] .
The whitepaper does not explicitly say it , but in order for ATOC render state ( D3DRS_ADAPTIVETESS_Y set to ATOC ) to actually work , D3DRS_ALPHATESTENABLE state must be also set to TRUE .
AMD says that all Radeons since 9500 support “ alpha to coverage ” [ 1 ] .
Intel supports ATOC ( same as NVIDIA ) with SandyBridge ( GMA HD 2000/3000 ) GPUs .
Render Into Vertex Buffer
Similar to “ stream out ” or “ memexport ” in other APIs / platforms .
See [ 2 ] for more information .
Apparently some NVIDIA GPUs ( or drivers ? ) support this as well .
Geometry Instancing
Instancing is supported on all Shader Model 3.0 hardware by Direct3D 9.0 c , so there ’s no extra hacks necessary there .
AMD has exposed a capability to enable instancing on their Shader Model 2.0 hardware as well .
Check for “ INST ” support , and do dev->SetRenderState ( D3DRS_POINTSIZE , kFourccINST ) ; at startup to enable instancing .
I can’t find any document on instancing from AMD now .
Other references : [ 6 ] and [ 7 ] .
ATI1n & ATI2n Compressed Texture Formats
Compressed texture formats :
ATI1n , also called 3D c+ , or BC4 in DirectX 10 and later .
This is single channel , 4 bits per pixel ; basically DXT5 / BC3 alpha block .
ATI2n , also called 3 Dc , and almost BC5 ( see below ) in DirectX 10 and later .
This is two channel , 8 bits per pixel ; basically two DXT5 / BC3 alpha blocks right after each other .
Since they are more or less just DX10 formats , support is quite widespread , with NVIDIA exposing it a while ago and Intel exposing it recently ( drivers 15.17 or higher , since 2011 or so ) .
“ Almost BC5 ” part : ATI2n / 3Dc has the red & green channels swapped compared to BC5 .
This is seemingly not clearly documented anywhere , but ends up working like that .
ATI Compressonator source code seems to agree ( for ATI2N format , it puts X channel data after Y ) , even if the header comment says that BC5 is identical to ATI2N :)
Compression tools like Compressonator have something called “ A2XY ” ( CMP_FORMAT_ATI2N_XY there ) , which actually matches BC5 layout .
However , neither NVIDIA nor AMD drivers ( as of mid-2016 ) expose this FOURCC format at runtime .
So if you want your DX9 runtime to match what DX11 / GL / Metal is doing with BC5 , you ’ll have to use ATI2n format and swizzle the texture data yourself at upload time ( for each 16 bytes , swap the 8 - byte parts ) .
Caveat : when DX9 allocates the mip chain , they check if the format is a known compressed format and allocate the appropriate space for the smallest mip levels .
For example , a 1x1 DXT1 compressed level actually takes up 8 bytes , as the block size is fixed at 4x4 texels .
This is true for all block compressed formats .
Now when using the hacked formats DX9 does n’t know it ’s a block compression format and will only allocate the number of bytes the mip would have taken , if it were n’t compressed .
For example a 1x1 ATI1n format will only have 1 byte allocated .
What you need to do is to stop the mip chain before the size of the either dimension shrinks below the block dimensions otherwise you risk having memory corruption .
Another thing to keep in mind : on Vista + ( WDDM ) driver model , textures in these formats will still consume application address space .
Most regular textures like DXT5 do n’t take up additional address space in WDDM ( see here ) .
For some reason ATI1n and ATI2n textures on D3D9 are deemed lockable .
References
All this information gathered mostly from :
Changelog
In recent years , quantum computers have lost some of their luster .
In the early 1990s , it seemed that they might be able to solve a class of difficult but common problems — the so - called NP - complete problems — exponentially faster than classical computers .
Now , it seems that they probably can't .
In fact , until this week , the only common calculation where quantum computation promised exponential gains was the factoring of large numbers , which is n't that useful outside cryptography .
In a paper appearing today in Physical Review Letters , however , MIT researchers present a new algorithm that could bring the same type of efficiency to systems of linear equations — whose solution is crucial to image processing , video processing , signal processing , robot control , weather modeling , genetic analysis and population analysis , to name just a few applications .
Quantum computers are computers that exploit the weird properties of matter at extremely small scales .
Where a bit in a classical computer can represent either a " 1 " or a " 0 , " a quantum bit , or qubit , can represent " 1 " and " 0 " at the same time .
Two qubits can represent four values simultaneously , three qubits eight , and so on .
Under the right circumstances , computations performed with qubits are thus the equivalent of multiple classical computations performed in parallel .
But those circumstances are much rarer than was first anticipated .
Quantum computers with maybe 12 or 16 qubits have been built in the lab , but quantum computation is such a young field , and the physics of it are so counterintuitive , that researchers are still developing the theoretical tools for thinking about it .
Systems of linear equations , on the contrary , are familiar to almost everyone .
We all had to solve them in algebra class : given three distinct equations featuring the same three variables , find values for the variables that make all three equations true .
Computer models of weather systems or of complex chemical reactions , however , might have to solve millions of equations with millions of variables .
Under the right circumstances , a classical computer can solve such equations relatively efficiently : the solution time is proportional to the number of variables .
But under the same circumstances , the time required by the new quantum algorithm would be proportional to the logarithm of the number of variables .
That means that for a calculation involving a trillion variables , " a supercomputer 's going to take trillions of steps , and this algorithm will take a few hundred , " says mechanical engineering professor Seth Lloyd , who along with Avinatan Hassidim , a postdoc in the Research Lab of Electronics , and the University of Bristol 's Aram Harrow ' 01 , PhD '05 , came up with the new algorithm .
Because the result of the calculation would be stored on qubits , however , " you 're not going to have the full functionality of an algorithm that just solves everything and writes it all out , " Lloyd says .
To see why , consider the way in which each added qubit doubles the capacity of quantum memory .
Eight qubits can represent 256 values simultaneously , nine qubits 512 values , and so on .
This doubling rapidly yields astronomical numbers .
The trillion solutions to a trillion - variable problem would be stored on only about 40 qubits .
But extracting all trillion solutions from the qubits would take a trillion steps , eating up all the time that the quantum algorithm saved .
With qubits , however , " you can make any measurement you like , " Lloyd says .
" You can figure out , for instance , their average value .
You can say , okay , what fraction of them is bigger than 433 ? "
Such measurements take little time but may still provide useful information .
They could , Lloyd says , answer questions like , " In this very complicated ecosystem with , like , 10 to the 12th different species , one of which is humans , in the steady state for this particular model , do humans exist ?
That 's the kind of question where a classical algorithm can't even provide anything . "
Greg Kuperberg , a mathematician at the University of California , Davis , who works on quantum algebra , says that the MIT algorithm " could be important , " but that he 's " not sure yet how important it will be or when . "
Kuperberg cautions that in applications that process empirical data , loading the data into quantum memory could be just as time consuming as extracting it would be .
" If you have to spend a year loading in the data , " he says , " it does n't matter that you can then do this linear - algebra step in 10 seconds . "
But Hassidim argues that there could be applications that allow time for data gathering but still require rapid calculation .
For instance , to yield accurate results , a weather prediction model might require data from millions of sensors transmitted continuously over high - speed optical fibers for hours .
Such quantities of data would have to be loaded into quantum memory , since they would overwhelm all the conventional storage in the world .
Once all the data are in , however , the resulting forecast needs to be calculated immediately to be of any use .
Still , Hassidim concedes that no one has yet come up with a " killer app " for the algorithm .
But he adds that " this is a tool , which hopefully other people are going to use .
Other people are going to have to continue this work and understand how to use this in different problems .
You do have to think some more . "
Indeed , researchers at the University of London have already expanded on the MIT researchers ' approach to develop a new quantum algorithm for solving differential equations .
Early in their paper , they describe the MIT algorithm , then say , " This promises to allow the solution of , e.g. , vast engineering problems .
This result is inspirational in many ways and suggests that quantum computers may be good at solving more than linear equations . "
It is hardly a secret that as the Pakistani military plays up its dramatic victory in South Waziristan Agency , they have little to show for it .
The troops stormed the region , captured a handful of villages , and found not a single Tehreek-e Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) leader .
But where did the TTP go ?
It ’s unclear .
The military has expanded its offensive through most of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) , and reports have some of the militants cropping up in places like Orakzai and Kurram .
But they ’re still not finding any leaders and the group ’s ability to orchestrate attacks across Pakistan seems virtually unaffected by the Waziristan offensive .
There ’s no clue where they are , but officials are pretty confident it is n’t North Waziristan , even though the government has said that ’s going to be their next target for invasion .
While the military seems content for now with touting its success in capturing largely irrelevant villages along the Afghan border , villages they have no intention of remaining in past the offensive , it will be almost impossible for them to declare any serious victory if the TTP ’s leadership remains at large .
Britain has become the online " designer drugs " capital of Europe with more than a third of all internet retailers that sell " legal highs " based in the UK , according to a report from the European Union 's drug agency .
This new generation of online " head shops " is at the centre of a rapidly growing market in highly potent synthetic drugs , such as Spice , that mimic the effects of illegal substances such as cannabis and ecstasy .
European drug agency officials are also alarmed by the way the online retailers are reacting to moves to ban individual " legal highs " by rapidly marketing alternatives .
Officials say it is like trying to hit a moving target .
Britain is poised to ban Spice , a cannabis substitute that can be more potent than skunk , which is sold as a " herbal smoking mixture " , but already the online head shops are selling 27 alternative " herbal smoking blends " based on the active ingredient in cannabis synthesised by chemists in Asia .
Wolfgang Gotz , the director of the European monitoring centre for drugs and drug addiction , said the use of the legal highs market to circumvent controls on illicit drugs was the most challenging development over the past year .
" While this practice itself is not new , what is new is the wide range of substances now on offer , the growing use of the internet , the aggressive and sophisticated marketing of products and the very speed with which the market reacts to controls . "
He said that Spice was an example of the global nature of the drugs problem with a product designed and marketed in Europe but produced in Asia and targeted at the potentially large group of consumers who were interested in cannabis .
" If Spice is a taste of things to come , both our monitoring systems and our drug control mechanisms will have to evolve in order to meet the new challenges that this kind of market innovation is presenting us with . "
The annual report from the European drugs agency cites the case of BZP , a " designer stimulant " that was banned across Europe earlier this year , as an example of how rapidly this new British - based market reacts to attempts to ban legal highs .
A whole range of alternative " energy party pills " is already being marketed and advertised as BZP - free and sold under names such as Charged , Turbo III – The Next Generation and Cranked .
They promise to make you feel " energetic , alert , and lively for five to six hours " .
Charged is promoted as " the perfect power source to fuel your long days and big nights " .
Snuff products or herbal powders , claiming to contain caffeine and a range of other plant - based ingredients , are also being sold as a legal alternatives to cocaine and amphetamines .
The 2009 survey of online shops selling these " psychoactive " drugs found 115 retailers operating from 17 European countries , but the majority were based in the UK ( 37 % ) and Germany ( 15 % ) .
Nearly half the sites selling Spice were located in Britain .
Germany , France and Austria made selling Spice illegal in March this year and Britain is poised to follow suit as soon as the measure is approved by parliament .
Paul Griffiths , of the European drugs agency , said that Spice contained a new compound , JWH - 018 , which was the first synthetic cannabinoid – the active ingredient in marijuana – and which was very potent even at low doses .
In the face of the growing crackdown on Spice , research chemists have already developed a range of nine other cannabis - like drugs that would not be covered by the ban .
" Detecting these compounds is very difficult .
Sometimes they are masked by spraying with other substances .
We have no knowledge of their toxicity and overdoses are possible , " he said .
The difficulties for the law enforcement authorities in dealing with these new drugs was highlighted earlier this week when a British " transporter " , Steve Marsden , 50 , was freed from a Maltese jail after serving only three years of a 25 - year prison sentence for importing 50,000 " ecstasy " tablets into the island .
His appeal succeeded when it was proved that the active ingredient in his tablets was not the illegal chemical MDMA , but a new legal synthetic drug mCPP , or Piperazine , which has similar effects .
The annual report confirms that Britain and Spain remain at the top of the Euro - league table for cocaine consumption and also shows that the decline in cannabis consumption among British schoolchildren has continued despite the downgrading of its legal status .
In the mid-1990s , 42 % of British teenagers aged 15 - 16 reported to have used cannabis but this has now fallen to 29 % of the age group .
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 is the Citizen Kane of repeatedly shooting people in the face .
The storyline makes less sense than a gas ladder , but in terms of technical achievement , this is an undoubted masterpiece .
The visuals , the soundtrack , the level design , the game mechanics … they 're all second to none , and they work together to create something that 's not so much a videogame as a borderline nightmare experience .
The phrase " an assault on the senses " does n't come close : it 's thrilling , immersive , sometimes scary , always exciting , and occasionally downright overwhelming .
A true marvel of construction , then .
But that 's all it is : a brilliant machine .
It behaves like a Hollywood movie , piling one almighty setpiece on top of another until the audience is beaten into submission .
It 's a descendent of the original Call of Duty series , a set of period - drama WW2 shooters clearly modelled on Saving Private Ryan ; they successfully harnessed the terrifying mayhem of that film 's famous Omaha beach landing scene and turned it into a 6 - 10 hour gameplay experience .
Modern Warfare 2 , set five years in the future , does n't seem sure which film it 's trying to replicate , and hovers somewhere between Red Dawn , Black Hawk Down , and all seven seasons of 24 .
There 's a plot , but it 's incomprehensible .
Ignorant non-gamers may scoff at the very notion of a videogame having a plot , but the medium has recently undergone an immense creative explosion .
Last week , for instance , I finally got round to playing Flower , a stunningly beautiful PS3 game in which you " play " a breeze blowing petals around an impressionistic landscape .
It 's abstract , powerfully touching , yet impossible to describe ; it simply could not exist in any other medium .
With one notable exception , Modern Warfare 2 made me feel nothing but surges of adrenaline .
Nothing wrong with that ; that 's what most games do .
But this one has delusions of significance beyond its popcorn origins .
When you die , instead of being greeted by " Game Over " , you 're presented with a bitter quotation on the filthy business of war from the likes of Goethe or Milton .
The previous Modern Warfare title featured a chilling level set in the immediate aftermath of a nuclear explosion during which the player could do nothing but crawl agonizingly through the flaming carnage for a few moments before expiring with a gasp .
Modern Warfare 2's big attention - grabbing setpiece is a terrorist atrocity in an airport in which the player ( taking the role of an undercover agent ) reluctantly takes part .
It 's upsetting , chilling and horrifying .
You 're supposed to be upset and chilled and horrified , of course – so on that level it succeeds .
But if you must directly evoke the Mumbai massacre , it 's probably best to do so with good reason .
Since the rest of the game is effectively a dumb Tom Clancy romp ( full of characters who say things like " I 'll see you in hell " ) , it feels jarringly misplaced , like a cartoonish Bond movie containing a 20 - minute scene in which Blofeld tortures his cat to death .
Ultimately it 's only there to make the game 's main villain seem more " villainy " .
Not good enough .
Do n't worry .
It wo n't turn anyone a killer .
But it is a strange and misjudged lapse into tastelessness that would actually be less offensive if played for laughs – and an easy target for reactionary kneejerk critics of videogames .
Called Keith Vaz MP .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Footballer Michael Chopra faces losing half his estimated £ 6 million fortune to his estranged wife – despite their marriage only lasting weeks .
The Cardiff City striker rowed with model Heather Swan just hours after taking their vows .
They then split - up on honeymoon and when they returned to the UK ended up living apart .
Heather , 25 , is understood to want around half of the ex-Sunderland star ’s wealth .
In response , Chopra – now on £ 25,000 a week – has posted on his Facebook profile : “ Heather Swan : gold digger , ” surrounded by a wad of cartoon dollar notes .
A source said : “ After splitting within days of their marriage , the couple tried to resolve their differences .
“ Their marriage has been over for months but they only recently decided to go ahead with divorce proceedings .
“ Michael is living in Cardiff while Heather is at the former marital home in Newcastle .
Heather blames him for the collapse of their marriage and wants financial security for life – for herself and their young son .
“ Before marrying , they were together for seven years and Heather believes she was fully supportive of Michael ’s football career – the highs and the lows .
“ She stood by Michael when he went into rehab , but now feels she ’s being made a laughing stock .
She feels like she ’s the victim in all this .
“ She has been told she is entitled to about half of the money he earned during this time .
“ Although technically they were married for over a year , they have been separated for months and only really made a go of things for about five weeks in total .
While Heather feels she is being reasonable , Michael is incensed .
He feels he is being taken to the cleaners .
Things are incredibly hostile between them . ”
The couple exchanged vows on June 13 last year at a lavish £ 150,000 ceremony for 200 guests at Orchardleigh House in Somerset .
But they fell out that evening and were still rowing in front of guests at their wedding breakfast the next day .
They fought throughout their honeymoon in Capri , prompting Michael , 26 – who has battled a gambling addiction – to return home alone while Heather went on to holiday in Barbados , as planned .
They separated and announced their split on Facebook this year .
Last night , spokesmen for both Heather and Michael said they had no comment .
This article was first published in The eXile on November 27 , 2002
E ver wanna go to Kathmandu ?
Not me .
I was never a hippie .
The hippie types always talked about heading off to Nepal for spiritual enlightenment , but it sounded like my idea of Hell : a bunch of grimy beggars grabbing at you , yelling gibberish , trying to sell you yak dung as prime - grade hash .
Some of the old acid casualties in my community college classes had been there and always said it was a real deep experience , but it did n’t seem to ’ve done those zombie trolls much good .
Most of them were on SSI , paid by the State of California to watch reruns of Gilligan ’s Island and not bother anybody with their acid flashbacks .
The first sign most people had that things were n’t so peace ’n’lovey in Nepal was June 2001 , when the whole Nepalese royal family got wiped out over dinner .
Turned out to be the old story : bratty son wants to marry a local slut , Dad says no , bratty son has a tantrum .
Except this little prince had his tantrum with an automatic rifle .
One of those classic dinner - table arguments , like in American Beauty or something .
“ Dad , can I marry Devi ? ” “ No , no , no .
Now eat your curry . ”
“ ‘ Scuse me …gotta , um , wash my hands . ”
And before Daddy and Mummy and sisters and brothers can dig into their chicken koorma , the li’l prince is back , peppering the whole dining room with lead .
The whole family wiped out before the entree , just like King Ralph .
You gotta hand it to the Prince , though .
I mean , that ’s love .
“ Honey , I shot the folks . ” I bet his girlfriend was real touched .
Nothing says “ I love you ” like wiping out your entire family .
Still want to go to Kathmandu ?
Well , it gets worse .
Way worse .
That hot - tempered prince was n’t the only person in Nepal sayin ’ it with automatic rifles these days .
Turns out there ’s a big , bloody , serious Maoist revolution going on there right now .
Man , Bob Seger is gonna be bummed .
I still ca n’t really believe it myself .
Maoists in Kathmandu ?
Nepal is where rich liberal assholes like Dianne Feinstein go “ trekking . ”
It ’s not where you expect to find Charlie , up there at 20,000 feet with the Gurkhas and the Sherpas .
But it ’s a fact : they ’ve got a Maoist insurrection , and a big one too .
Been going on since 1996 .
It started out in the classic way : the local Communist Party split between the peaceniks who just want to go handing out leaflets , and the hotheads who want to start fighting now .
The hotheads won out , the Nepalese commies split up , and the two or three dozen university types who always dreamed of being the local Che Guevara headed for the hills to radicalize the Nepalese peasants .
They found the peasants already pissed off , in the mood to go off and kill some landlords .
You do n’t think of Nepal as having masses of oppressed peasants , but some of the stuff I ’ve been reading is pretty gross : people selling themselves and their whole families to the local landlord just to get malaria medication .
Seriously : a peasant gets sick , figures anything ’s better than dying , and uses his family as collateral for the money he needs to get malaria medication .
When he gets better , he and his wife and kids are the property of the local loanshark .
Slavery was actually legal in Nepal till a couple of years ago .
You could buy whole families if you needed household help .
Sometimes the debts were a hundred years old : because granddad had bad luck with the dice , all his kids , for ever and ever , were slaves .
Little kids working 18 - hour days , every day , for no money , for life .
Hell , with a life like that , Ashcroft ’d turn into a Maoist .
So if you ’re living a miserable life as a Nepalese slave , and a nice clean - cut Maoist recruiter sneaks into the village one night and tells you it ’s all gonna change and all you have to do is learn a few of Mao ’s little inspirational haiku and hack your landlord to death … well , I have to say , I ’d join up myself .
And these recruiters were university types , all clean - cut and inspiring .
The peasants must ’ve been dazzled just to see ’em , Nepal ’s finest , paying attention to them and their grubby villages .
They joined up , and the revolution started cranking .
Mao ’s battle - plan is simple .
It can be adapted to almost any country as long as you ’ve got the basic ingredients : mean landlords , hungry peasants , educated city people who could n’t care less what ’s happening in the countryside .
In other words : if you ’ve got a really fucked - up agricultural country .
Nepal had that .
Mao ’s plan does n’t take military geniuses to make it work .
What it does take is lots and lots of discipline and patience , because you must avoid battle until the odds are overwhelmingly in your favor .
So the first rule is : No Hotheads Need Apply .
Step one is to work the villages .
The university - trained commie recruiters fan out into the villages and radicalize the locals — which is n’t too hard when the landlords have been buying and selling peasants like mules .
The next part is harder : you set up a shadow government .
You do n’t attack the local police or army at this stage — you try to make them irrelevant .
Instead of taking complaints to the cops , peasants take their quarrels to a People ’s court that meets in a shed at night .
Instead of paying regular taxes , you pay people ’s taxes to a guy who comes around at night with a notebook and a bag .
The idea is to isolate the cops , tax collectors and other informers — to “ put out the eyes ” of the government in the area , so that by the time you ’re ready to attack , they wo n’t have any intelligence system worth the name and you ’ll take them completely by surprise .
Of course , it ’s never as neat as the way Mao laid it out in the little red book .
People talk , the cops know something ’s going on .
And in Nepal , “ cops ” does n’t mean a squadcar with two guys in it .
The Nepalese police are organized in paramilitary units dispersed in barracks across the countryside , with dozens or even hundreds of men armed with automatic rifles , heavy machineguns , light armored vehicles and air cover on request .
These cops know that if they lose their grip on the villages , they ’ll wake up some night to find their barracks overrun .
They start bringing in likely suspects and working out on them , using whatever form of torture is traditional in these parts .
There are 90,000 cops / soldiers fighting for the new King , up against at least 10,000 guerrillas .
That ’s not good odds for the government .
Conventional wisdom says you need at least 10 soldiers for every guerrilla , but that ’s assuming your troops are as good , man for man , as the guerrillas .
The Nepalese cops / soldiers are n’t very good .
The leader of the rebels ( who ’s from the upper class himself , naturally ) said recently “ The King ’s army will not fight for very long . ”
He ’s probably right .
The landlords know it too .
They can feel their grip on the locals getting weaker .
Scary grafitti on the walls , people not bowing and scraping the way they used to….
They start calling their cousins in Kathmandu , begging them to send more troops .
It all starts heating up .
But when the local version of the IRS stops getting taxes from the peasants — that ’s when the authorities really get grim .
You can mess with the army and the cops , but do n’t mess with the tax collectors .
When the government stops getting taxes , they use the only leverage they ’ve got : they send the army to get their money at gunpoint .
The Maoists are doing the same thing to the villagers at night .
Not a happy time to be a Nepalese villager , especially when the rebels are known to use some pretty extreme penalties for late payment of tax — such as crushing people ’s arms and legs with big rocks .
Squeezing the peasants between two forces like this is part of Mao ’s big plan .
The idea is to drive the peasants so damn crazy they ’ll finally be ready to fight .
The soldiers actually help the Maoists at this stage by lame attempts at reprisal : they ’ll almost always grab the wrong people , torture them , and end up radicalizing whole families , whole villages .
The Maoist cadre wo n’t be touched ; they ’re hiding deeper in the hills .
But every time the cops beat somebody to death , all his cousins become recruits .
So the meaner the cops get , the stupider they get , the better for the revolution .
This is where that old commie line about making omelets and breaking eggs comes into play big - time .
The more the cops and soldiers terrorize the locals , the more isolated the Army ends up in their sandbagged barracks .
Nobody feeds them intelligence any more ; they ’re holed up , always on the defensive , no longer capable of choosing the time and place for combat .
That ’s when the slow , boa -constrictor Maoist plan switches over to the offensive .
The Maoists focus on numbers and surprise .
A few months ago the Maoists attacked a police barracks in Gam , in western Nepal .
There were at least a thousand of them , yelling , waving torches , shouting slogans .
They overran the base and hacked to death every cop or soldier they found , at least 70 dead .
The Maoists lost maybe 200 — if you can believe the cops — but that ’s not important .
A victory like that spreads through the villages instantly .
The peasants — and remember , these people are used to being bought and sold like cattle — suddenly realize they can take on the army and win .
They ’re riding high right now , but where do they go from here ?
That ’s the problem .
Suppose the Maoists beat the Nepalese Army .
Would India let that happen ?
India thinks of Nepal as sort of a kid brother - annoying but part of the family .
The Indian Army may not be good enough to fight a real war , but it sure as hell could squash the Maoists in Nepal .
It ’s had a lot of practice with this sort of war , in other hellholes like Bihar .
It could easily bring in enough troops for the 25:1 ratio you need to flush out and destroy rural guerrillas .
And it ’s not likely the original Maoists , the Chinese , are going to help the guerrillas .
They ’ve got other things on their minds : profit margins , export ratios — money , money , money .
I kinda like imagining a meeting between one of these Nepalese gung - ho Maoist rebels and Zhiang Zemin .
“ You , the party of Mao , must help us overthrow the landlord elite ! ” “ Um , sorry , but all our cash is tied up in short - term Citicorp bonds .
How would your revolutionary peasants like to invest in our new Shanghai enterprise zone ? ”
It must be kind of discouraging to be a Maoist ; who can you count on these days ?
The only real friends the Nepalese Maoists have are the leftovers of those crazy Peruvian guerrillas , the Shining Path .
Remember them ?
They were like the one - hit wonder of eighties guerrilla warfare : dynamite - throwin ’ , machete - choppin ’ , Incas who made Peru a lively place .
And with friends like Shining Path , well … you ai n’t got no friends .
So the Nepalese Maoists are up against it in the long run .
They may win inside Nepal , but their talk about “ planting the red flag on Mount Everest ” ai n’t gonna happen .
Where would Dianne Feinstein go trekking ?
The folks who run this world would n’t let anything get in the way of their expeditions up K2 or Everest .
They ’d bribe the Indian Army to waddle in like a big fat Sumo and squash the Maoists .
And there would n’t be a damn thing Shining Path , on the run down in Peru , could do to help .
But that brings me to the last big mystery here , the same one I started out with : the hippies .
I mean , what is it with hippies and hi-altitude peasant rebellions anyway ?
First it was Shining Path — remember back in the late 80s , all the hippies were wearing those wool Inca hats that looked like wool versions of 14th - c. man- at - arms helmets ?
And now , in all the little grimy coffee places where the local alternos hang in Fresno , they ’re all wearing those ratty cloth over - the - shoulder bags you get from Nepal .
What is it with these people ?
Is there like some kind of romance to low - oxygen poverty and dirt ?
There ’s a punch line coming for all the hippie tourists who take the pilgrimage to Nepal , though .
See , the Maoists have n’t touched a single tourist yet .
Not one .
Interesting , huh ?
Odds are they ’re not sparing the scruffy guesthouse types out of softheartedness .
Qualms ai n’t on the menu when you ’re running a Maoist insurrection .
So they ’re probably saving it up for something real , real big .
And I have to admit , it cracks me up to think of a whole busload of hairy Californians playing hostage , shoved into a freezing cave in the Himalayas , guarded by lice - ridden crazy peasants whose idea of fun is bringing big ol ’ rocks down on people ’s arms and legs .
That ’ll teach those hippie girls in high school to tell me I should “ lose some weight . ”
I did n’t mind it when the white - trash skanks called me “ Lardo ” — that trash does n’t know any better .
But it got to me , I admit it , when the — whatever you ’d call ’em , grunge girls or neo - beatnik chicks or whatever — when they did it .
I mean , their parents went to college and all , you sort of expected them to be a little better .
So I ’m just kinda waiting here , for the day the Nepalese Maoists decide to go for the tourists , kidnap a bus of longhaired suburban girls looking for spiritual enlightenment .
Talk about losing weight — yeah , they ’ll lose some weight in that fucking cave .
Did you see that [ sic ] letter from some girl named “ Avril ” who wanted me to read her peace poem and “ think about it ” ?
She ’s just the kind I ’m talking about it .
Anybody want to chip in on a one - way ticket to Nepal for Avril ?
It ’ll be real , real spiritual .
This article was first published in The eXile on November 27 , 2002
Gary Brecher is the author of the War Nerd .
Send your comments to brecher@exiledonline.com .
Click the cover , buy the book !
Narrated by Academy Award® Winner Forest Whitaker , BEFORE THE MUSIC DIES is an unsettling and inspiring look at today ’s popular music industry featuring interviews and performances by Erykah Badu , Eric Clapton , Dave Matthews , Branford Marsalis , ? uestlove and a wide variety of others .
The documentary film has built a passionate following as “ the most important film a music fan will ever see ” ( XM Radio ) by providing “ a balanced overview of the state of the rock scene of America ” ( The Wall Street Journal ) and adding “ passion to the eternal debate about the industry ” ( The New York Times ) .
Last year , BEFORE THE MUSIC DIES filmmakers Andrew Shapter and Joel Rasmussen walked away from traditional Hollywood distribution to instead pursue a large - scale grassroots release with B - Side Entertainment .
Since its release in November 2006 , the film has screened over 200 times in over 130 North American markets with hundreds of additional events anticipated worldwide during 2007 .
Use this site to learn more about the film , where you can see it , ways you can own it , and – most importantly – how you can get involved in sharing it with others .
Any thoughts on what the rule should be here ?
My sense is that numbers written using digits are much easier to quickly absorb , so I tend to write them that way whenever they refer to something that people might want to use in calculations or comparisons .
I ’d say , for instance , that “ These books tend to sell for 20 % below their list price of $ 8 to $ 10 , ” rather than “ These books tend to sell for twenty percent below their list price of eight to ten dollars . ”
But when counting people or things in contexts where the count likely does n’t need to be grasped as a number suitable for calculation or comparison , I spell out the number , for instance in “ There are eight reasons why this law is a bad idea . ”
And I of course also spell out numbers when there ’s no conventional numerical equivalent , for instance in phrases such as “ millions of people . ”
The line is not always clear , and there are probably situations where I ’d be on the fence about this ; but that does n’t trouble me much , just as it does n’t trouble me that I ’d sometimes use one synonym and others time another , based just on rules of thumb about what tends to sound better to me .
But I ’ve found that many journal editors suggest that many of these numbers be spelled out , for instance in the “ twenty percent below their list price to eight to ten dollars ” context .
My sense is that some common rules are to spell out numbers that are under 100 , or spell out numbers that are unhyphenated single words , or some such , though I can’t vouch for what the most popular standard is at various journals .
I wonder what people think about this :
Is there some clear merit in spelling out all small numbers , including percentages and prices and other things that one might want to calculate or compute with ?
Is it especially necessary to have a sharp rule that distinguishes numbers by their size rather than by their likely use ( and , if so , should n’t the sharp rule at least sharply exclude things like prices and percentages ) ?
I ’d love to hear what people think .
By the way , I should note that none of this strikes me as a matter of “ grammar ” or “ correctness ” under any linguistic standard ; the question is what looks better , and therefore what authors should do , and what publications should prefer .
Pin 0 Shares
With the new year coming up , it is little surprise that many are starting to think about what they can do to lose a little weight in 2010 ( after gaining a little through the holidays , of course ) .
Unfortunately , there are exercise myths that can actually hinder your efforts to live a healthier lifestyle .
Before you work out an exercise program , get the facts about exercise .
About.com offers some exercise myth - busting with the help of some health professionals at Baylor University .
Here are five of the exercise myths that you should know about before beginning an exercise program :
Exercise Myth # 1 : You must stretch before you exercise
We often hear that it is important to stretch before exercise .
However , this is actually a myth .
In truth , some studies suggest that pre-exercise stretching can actually increase the changes of your injury , since stretch destabilizes your muscle fibers .
Some exercises , such as running , can benefit from warm up and stretching .
But with others , like weight lifting , it is better to exercise , and then stretch your muscles after you are done .
Exercise Myth # 2 : Exercise will convert fat into muscle
It ’s a nice thought : Exercise will make your fat change into desirable muscle .
Unfortunately , this is not the case .
Exercise can burn off fat , and it can help you build lean muscle , but there is no straight conversion .
It ’s more of a replacement .
This means that it is necessary to exercise in such a way that will help you burn off the fat , and then continue exercise so that you are building muscle instead .
Exercise Myth # 3 : Stomach crunches get rid of belly fat
It would be nice to think that you can target fat in certain areas of your body .
Sadly , though , you can ’t .
You ca n’t decide where the fat burns off .
Many people have strong abs , but still have a layer of fat overlaying those muscles .
Where fat collects in your body has very little to do with what regions you are exercising .
Instead , it is a good idea to include aerobic / cardiovascular exercises with strength training .
This will help you burn off fat , reducing your overall body fat , while helping you build some lean muscle .
Exercise Myth # 4 : If you are n’t sweating , you are n’t getting a good workout
Many people believe that they have to work up a sweat in order to burn calories .
This just is n’t true .
Sweat is about cooling down your body .
It is n’t actually a measure of how much you are exerting yourself .
So do n’t overdo it just to break a sweat .
Instead , focus on the intensity you feel , and concentrate on what you are doing .
Some activities , such as lifting weights , swimming and walking can help you burn calories and / or build lean muscle mass without a great deal of sweating .
Exercise Myth # 5 : As long as you restrict calories , you do n’t need as much exercise
Exercise is more than just trying to lose weight .
Restricting calories just to avoid exercise can actually slow your metabolism , as well as deprive you of the benefits that exercise offers the body .
Exercise strengthens various systems in your body , including the immune system .
Additionally , exercise helps you to keep your metabolism functioning at a higher rate , even when you are n’t exercising .
However , you should n’t use that as an excuse to pig out .
Cutting a couple hundred calories from your diet each day , and paying attention to portion size can help you consume the proper amount of calories each day so that you adequately fuel your body while losing or maintaining your weight .
Also , choosing healthier calories , such as those found in fruits and vegetables , whole grains , and dairy and meat products consumed in moderation , can aid in your overall health .
In the end , it ’s about increasing your health .
Proper exercise can help you sleep better and enjoy relaxation more , as well as help you change your life in a way that will help you feel happier in general .
And , of course , better health often leads to better finances , since health problems are expensive .
Subscribe Now
You will receive all updates in your feed reader as soon as they are posted .
Very Convenient !
Great to see you again !
Already have our Feed ?
Like us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter for more updates
Over the past few weeks Infinity Ward has come under fire for its decision to cut dedicated servers from Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 on PC .
Today , news of console - side restrictions has emerged as a poster on the NeoGAF forums learned that Infinity Ward will disable Party Chat for Xbox Live users , and will reset the leaderboards when the game ships next week .
NeoGAF user Accident managed to get an early copy of MW2 , but when he tried to join a game in Party Chat , he was given the message to switch to in - game chat or leave the game .
While a screenshot from an advance copy of MW2 revealed the Party Chat - disabling , Infinity Ward community manager Robert Bowling divulged the leaderboard info on his Twitter .
" It definitely looks like a full leaderboard / level reset is in order just before the release date to ensure no unfair advantages , " Bowling explains .
Wasting time is my # 1 pet peeve , which is why I hate taking the time to mute loud - mouth punks in online games .
My favorite workaround for this annoyance ?
Xbox Live Party Chat .
My least - favorite move this year ?
Disabling Party Chat in MW2 .
When did Infinity Ward become such power freaks ?
It wants PC gamers to have a console experience , but even console gamers are n't allowed to play MW2 the way they want to .
Resetting the leaderboards , on the other hand , is a no - brainer to me .
Anyone that moans about this gets no sympathy from me simply because , duh , they got to play MW2 early !
Is n't that enough ?
A Spanish frigate captured two Somalis after they left the hijacked Alakrana Spain says it will not negotiate over two Somalis held on piracy charges , despite pleas from the relatives of Spaniards held hostage in Somalia .
" The situation is not negotiable , " Spain 's Deputy Defence Minister Constantino Mendez said .
Somali pirates have threatened to kill three crew members from the Spanish trawler Alakrana unless Spain frees the two captive Somalis , reports say .
The sailors ' families urged Spain to do so , to get the ship and its crew freed .
In all , more than 30 sailors from various countries are reported to be held by the pirates - all but three of them still aboard the Alakrana , a tuna ship hijacked in the Indian Ocean on 2 October .
Three were taken ashore on Thursday and the pirates threatened to kill them within three days unless Spain released the two Somali prisoners , the Alakrana 's captain told Spanish media by phone .
The Alakrana was hijacked on 2 October in the Indian Ocean A Spanish frigate captured the two Somalis after they left the hijacked Alakrana .
Mr Mendez appeared to leave open the possibility of transferring the two to another jurisdiction , while ruling out releasing them .
" One can discuss issues of jurisdiction at length .
They have many angles and the law is not mathematics , " he said .
" We should n't rule anything out , " he added , implying that a military operation to free the crew was also possible , though the families have urged Spain to avoid that .
Two frigates are reported to be watching the Alakrana .
A Spanish judge has charged the two Somalis with illegal detention , criminal association and armed robbery .
The Alakrana is moored off the Somali port town of Harardere , the hub of piracy in the region .
The families have called a " solidarity " meeting for Saturday in Bermeo , in the Basque Country , to put pressure on the Spanish government .
The Basque regional leader ( lehendakari ) , Patxi Lopez , called on Madrid to study the possibility of handing over the two Somalis to judicial authorities in Somalia or neighbouring Kenya .
Last year , the crew of another Spanish boat was freed by pirates in the same area after a ransom of a reported $ 1.2 m ( £ 750,000 ) was paid , according to Somali officials .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Guestblogger Arthur Goldwag is the author of " Cults , Conspiracies , and Secret Societies : The Straight Scoop on Freemasons , The Illuminati , Skull and Bones , Black Helicopters , The New World Order , and many , many more " and other books .
( CC - licensed photo on Flickr by 911conspiracy )
Forty - five years ago , Harpers magazine published Richard Hofstadter 's essay " The Paranoid Style in American Politics . "
The occasion for the piece was the revenant conservatism that had driven Barry Goldwater 's presidential campaign ( the magazine hit the newsstands the month of the Johnson / Goldwater election ) , but it remains astonishingly apt .
I cannot recommend it enough for anyone who wants to understand the mentalités of fringe political movements in the United States –from the Anti-Masons and Know Nothings in the first half of the 1800s , to McCarthyism , the Nation of Islam , and the Weathermen in the last century , to the Birthers and Truthers today .
I hesitate to bring up 9/11 Truth again after the firestorm of commentary I unleashed last week , but read Hofstadter on the pedantry of paranoid literature and tell me that he does n't nail some of the most contentious of the posters ( most of whom were probably not even born when the piece was written ) with a psychoanalyst's precision and a novelist 's sympathy :
One of the impressive things about paranoid literature is the contrast between its fantasied conclusions and the almost touching concern with factuality it invariably shows .
It produces heroic strivings for evidence to prove that the unbelievable is the only thing that can be believed …..
Respectable paranoid literature not only starts from certain moral commitments that can indeed be justified but also carefully and all but obsessively accumulates " evidence . "
The difference between this " evidence " and that commonly employed by others is that it seems less a means of entering into normal political controversy than a means of warding off the profane intrusion of the secular political world .
The paranoid seems to have little expectation of actually convincing a hostile world , but he can accumulate evidence in order to protect his cherished convictions from it ….
One of last week 's more strident posters shared his frustration with members of his on - line forum ( yes , I Googled myself , and of course I read all the nasty things they said about me ) , listing the seminal books I had n't referenced ( " Nafeez Ahmed 's " War on Truth , " Peter Dale Scott 's " Road to 9/11 , " Michael Ruppert 's " Crossing the Rubicon , " Michel Chossudovsky 's " War on Terrorism " ) , pointing out The Complete 9/11 Timeline at historycommons.org that I ignored , and exposing my transparently propagandistic mendacity in allowing one perfervid e-mailer to stand " as an avatar for the supposed pathologies of the 9/11 Truth movement . "
Of course he 's furious !
He 's educated , articulate , and politically committed .
He 's not some disreputable , anti-social obsessive–he's a veritable exegete of 9/11 anomalies , as fluent in the jargon of physics as he is in political dialectics .
It 's bad enough that he has to endure the studied neutrality or outright hostility of the really big guns of the left –Amy Goodman , Noam Chomsky , Naomi Klein–but then an arrant nobody like me comes along with , as one of his fellow posters put it , " a metric tonne of standard issue boilerplate " and presumes that he can conjure away the whole edifice of 9/11 Truth with a couple of wisecracks .
Not only am I smug and ignorant and intellectually dishonest — it 's as if I do n't even care about the subtle distinctions between one brand of Truthery and another , as if I can't be bothered to acknowledge the museum 's - worth of evidence that he and his colleagues have so assiduously curated .
Imagine that you were a Maria Callas fan .
You own every recording she ever made — 78s , LPs , remastered CDs , even reel - to - reel tapes recorded off of radio broadcasts .
You 've not only read every book and magazine article about her that was ever committed to print , you 've written a few yourself .
And then some fly - by - night music journalist casually dismisses her in the pages of a mass circulation magazine as a cracked - voiced diva whose sole claim to fame was that she and Jackie O were rivals for Aristotle Onassis 's affections .
Reading through all that commentary , I thought of how misguided missionaries sometimes try to evangelize Jews by calling their attention to passages from the New Testament–a scripture that by definition carries no weight with Jews at all .
From my outsider 's perspective , most of the Truther 's exhibits ( the iron spherules , the 2.5 seconds of video - taped free fall , the anecdotes about the dancing Israelis , the housing official trapped in the stairwell of WTC7 ) are n't evidence at all but rather artifacts of confirmation bias–factoids ( many of dubious provenance , some long past their sell - by date ) that are plucked out of context and marshaled not to build or close a positive case for one thesis or another , but only to cast doubt on the default position .
I can't engage the 9/11 issue on the same terms that a Truther does , because I 'd have to be a Truther myself .
Religious fanatics , political radicals , obsessive fans — the worlds they live in are closed systems , governed by dogmas and articles of faith .
Discipline is strictly enforced ; members are punished or purged for their lapses in ideological or doctrinal purity .
Outsiders are regarded with suspicion and hostility — milquetoast accommodationists who are presumptuous enough to suppose they can make common cause on one issue or another even more so than overt enemies .
It 's a pressure cooker — turn up the temperature and you get sectarianism and schisms , higher still and you get witch hunts , show trials , Cultural Revolutions , and Nuremberg laws .
With its congeries of black sheep constituencies ( Alex Jones Libertarian populists , movement leftists , anarchists , white supremacists , New World Order reactionaries , Protocols of the Elders of Zion anti-Semites , crusading architects and theologians ) and its lack of a dominant leader or organization , the 9/11 Movement will likely never become unified enough to tear itself apart .
But it has not been altogether innocuous either .
" One of the major consequences of the 9/11 movement , " Noam Chomsky said , " Has been to draw enormous amounts of energy and effort away from activism directed to real and ongoing crimes of state …crimes that are far more serious than blowing up the WTC would be , if there were any credibility to that thesis .
That is , I suspect , why the 9/11 movement is treated far more tolerantly by centers of power than is the norm for serious critical and activist work . "
Just as the missionary can't understand how the Jew can contemplate the prospect of his eternal damnation with such unnatural equanimity , the Truther can't fathom why the rest of us would rather look at the forest than the trees .
There 's a certain poignancy in their predicament .
As Hofstadter wrote , " We are all sufferers from history , but the paranoid is a double sufferer , since he is afflicted not only by the real world , with the rest of us , but by his fantasies as well . "
Enlarge Mercedes - Benz plans to roll out some gasoline - electric models , including a version from its ML series .
Pictured is a gas - fueled Mercedes ML 550 .
JOIN THE CONVERSATION JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Hit the Road with USA TODAY 's auto writers to discover and discuss trends on wheels with them and with other readers , like you .
READ THE LATEST POSTS READ THE LATEST POSTS Read all posts
After years of championing diesel power , high - end German automakers are rushing into hybrids .
They are n't abandoning diesels — more are coming .
And they know gasoline engines will dominate sales for the foreseeable future .
But they 've decided hybrids are the best way to improve their green image , boost fuel economy to help meet tight 2016 U.S. standards that favor hybrids and target what looks to be a bigger market .
" The smart play is to hedge your bets by having entries in both categories , " diesel and hybrid , says Michael Omotoso , powertrain analyst at consultant J.D. Power and Associates .
" There 's still a lot of perception on the part of American consumers that diesels are dirty , so the strategy is to have hybrids for those who think diesels are dirty . "
" We are taking a very broad approach .
It 's more than a statement .
It 's an opportunity for us to gain familiarity with ( hybrids ) for broader use , " BMW spokesman David Buchko says .
He points out that BMW also is developing hydrogen - fueled vehicles and its Mini brand has a demonstration fleet of plug - in electric Mini Coopers in the U.S.
The array of gasoline - electric models coming from Mercedes - Benz , BMW , Porsche and Audi , in addition to their diesel variants , will give luxury buyers a striking number of choices .
But it means that choosing a drivetrain will amount to betting on a specific technology .
And a bet on gas - electric hybrids , which might seem futuristic at the moment , could be a bet on what could soon be outmoded technology .
In fact , German makers are using their expertise in diesels , which can offer a 30 % fuel mileage edge over gasoline , to combine the two alternatives in diesel - electric hybrids .
Such a matchup would get far better mileage than gas - electric models , says David Champion , head of auto testing at Consumer Reports magazine .
But , " You have the double whammy of the extra cost of a diesel and the extra cost of a hybrid powertrain . "
Still , diesel - electric hybrids could be the only way to meet emissions standards envisioned in Europe that would be so tight they 'd equate to a U.S. mileage requirement of 70 to 80 miles per gallon , says Roland Hwang , vehicle technology expert at the Natural Resources Defense Council , an environmental activist group .
If automakers invest to meet such tight standards in one market , they 'll have to try to sell the vehicles in as many markets as possible to help cover their development costs .
" You might say , ' Ah , too expensive ; never happen , ' but how else do you get to low carbon dioxide emissions ? "
Hwang says .
Carbon dioxide , or CO2 , is a greenhouse gas emitted by internal combustion engines ; the more fuel they use , the more CO2 they emit .
" Does it mean an average $ 35,000 or $ 45,000 for a vehicle instead of $ 25,000 ?
I think not .
Innovation will drive down those costs , " Hwang predicts .
The German move to add hybrids is not limited to the high - dollar brands .
Mass - market Volkswagen plans one by 2011 .
And dozens more hybrid models are coming from the likes of Ford Motor , General Motors , Honda , Toyota and others .
J.D. Power forecasts more than 100 models from all makers on sale in 2015 , up from 20 now .
But the shift by premium German automakers long identified with diesels , or simply performance gasoline engines , is more dramatic .
It shows the pressure automakers are under to strive for the 35.5 mpg average set by the U.S. government for 2016 .
And it will put a menu of gas - electric vehicles in showrooms with near - six - figure prices .
The Germans are betting that wo n't matter to at least some buyers .
A buyer interested in the $ 88,000 - plus hybrid version of the big Mercedes - Benz S - Class sedan , for example , " is fairly affluent and an early adopter , someone looking for the newest technology out there , " says Mercedes - Benz spokeswoman Donna Boland .
A hybrid S - Class equipped with exotic lithium - ion battery technology " is going to have a lot of appeal within the S - Class buyer group .
" Owners want to be environmentally responsible , but they should n't have to make sacrifices — that should be up to us to figure out , " Boland says .
And offer choices : " Ultimately , it 's not going to be one size fits all .
There will be customers in different parts of the country whose needs point to different types of technology . "
The Germans ' move sets them up for a tough battle .
In the U.S. , the best - selling hybrids are low - and midprice models .
They will have to pull buyers into much higher - price hybrids at a time when , Omotoso says , " There 's very little market for them . "
Lexus is the only luxury brand selling hybrids .
Its top model , the $ 114,000 LS 600h L sedan , is barely moving — just 31 were sold last month , 157 the first half of this year , down 75.4 % from a year ago in a market off 35.1 % , according to sales tracker Autodata .
Its next - most - expensive hybrid , the $ 57,000 GS 450h , had just 27 sales last month and 208 the first half , down 54.7 % .
" Lexus is not immune to the soft sales … across the auto industry , " says Brian Bolain , Lexus ' U.S. marketing manager .
But no thoughts of bailing out , he says : " Lexus is committed to hybrid technology . "
On the other hand , the German brands could profit by having less competition in the diesel market , at least temporarily .
Honda and Nissan have abandoned plans for diesel sedans in the U.S. by next year .
Detroit makers have delayed plans for diesel cars and light - duty trucks , unable or unwilling to shoulder the development costs at a time when Ford Motor is losing money and General Motors and Chrysler landed in bankruptcy court .
What if high - price hybrids from companies not known for them flop ?
Says Omotoso , " Even if they sell only a few hundred , they 'll keep them here kind of as a test fleet .
And for positive PR . "
What 's coming from Germany : Mercedes - Benz •S400 hybrid sedan goes on sale next month at $ 88,825 .
It 's a so - called mild hybrid that shuts off the engine at stoplights and gets rolling with the help of the electric motor but relies mostly on its 3.5 - liter gasoline V - 6 .
Highway forecast is 30 mpg .
• ML450 SUV rolls out in December at a price expected at about $ 55,000 .
It uses a two - mode full - hybrid system jointly developed with GM , BMW and the old DaimlerChrysler .
It runs on one or both electric motors as long as possible before the gas engine kicks in .
The mpg forecast is 21 city , 24 highway .
BMW •X6 , a two - mode full - hybrid SUV , is due in the fourth quarter .
No pricing or mpg announced ; expect $ 65,000 or more .
• 7 Series large sedan with mild hybrid is due in early 2010 .
BMW predicts 15 % better mpg : about 17 city , 20 highway .
Power forecasts price of about $ 90,000 .
Porsche • Cayenne S SUV hybrid due in 2010 .
Price , mpg unknown .
• Panamera four - door sedan hybrid is coming .
Power forecasts 2011 .
The gasoline Panamera goes on sale in the U.S. this year , starting at about $ 91,000 .
Audi •Q5 SUV full hybrid due in 2011 .
Price , mileage unknown .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Recently , I was at a bar with 4 or 5 other women I knew through women in Linux advocacy .
The striking thing was that , out of all of us , only one ( Kirrily Robert ) was still actively working on women in open source projects .
The rest of us had burned out – and even Kirrily had burned out once before .
This not atypical .
One of the reasons we burn out is the huge imbalance between positive and negative feedback .
For every supportive email or blog comment , you get a hundred obnoxious ones .
I have a theory :
Most people in open source support what we are trying to do , it just does n’t feel that way .
On the Internet , no one can see you nod .
Here on the Geek Feminism blog , we ’re going to try an experiment : The Thank - You meme .
If you get a really positive , well - written thank - you for your work in women in open source , we ’d love it if you shared it with the rest of us .
Here are the rules :
1 . The thank - you ca n’t be written specifically for this blog .
It has to be a genuine , spontaneous thank - you .
No astroturfing .
2 . Along the same lines , you ca n’t post a thank - you that you wrote yourself .
Feel free to send someone a thank - you , though !
3 . Ask permission of the sender to post it .
Offer to anonymize it .
4 . If you have n’t heard back from the sender after a week , go ahead and post it , carefully anonymized .
And here is the inaugural Thank - You , from Carl - Daniel Hailfinger , a member of the
I cannot fathom why someone would surgically shove a silicon bra into her body .
Sure , your breast will look perfectly shaped and perky even once clothes come off , but you 'll also have bra straps going through your muscles and ribs .
Advertisement
While according to studies done on pigs , the entire procedure was safe and caused no internal damage , I somehow would n't trust something as precious as my boobs to the Cup& Up .
Line up for other procedures that worked in animals , but please just stick to wrapping bras around your breast .
[ Isreal21c via MedGadget ]
Advertisement
Fully Functional Penises Grown in Lab
In the future , the compliment to give a guy will be to say that he 's hung like a rabbit .
It 'll … Read more
This week , Gizmodo is exploring the enhanced human future in a segment we call This Cyborg Life .
It 's about what happens when we treat our body less as a sacred object and more as what it is : Nature 's ultimate machine .
A senior Obama administration official said that the United States had pressed hard for a public commitment from China and was relieved that it had delivered .
But the official , who spoke anonymously because of the delicacy of the matter , called the carbon intensity figure “ disappointing , ” and said that the administration hoped it represented a gambit that would be negotiated upward at Copenhagen or in subsequent talks .
The Chinese propose , by 2020 , to reduce so - called carbon intensity  or the amount of carbon dioxide emitted per unit of economic output  by 40 to 45 percent compared with 2005 levels .
By that measure , emissions would still increase , though the rate would slow .
That falls far short of what many in Europe and other nations had hoped for  an increase in energy efficiency of at least 50 percent .
Analysts said the Chinese offer might take some of the pressure off the United States , which is offering to reduce the total tonnage of its greenhouse gas emissions “ in the range of ” 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020 and 83 percent by 2050 .
But now China seems to be offering almost no deviation from its business - as - usual path , a more troubling development to some .
In a sense , the Chinese offer is less ambitious than the American proposal because China is already well on the way to its target with existing energy efficiency initiatives , while the American offer would require changes in many government policies .
American efforts , though , have been mired in Congressional infighting .
Yet the offers by the United States and China both amount to politically safe opening bids in what is likely to be a long , tough process of negotiations on concrete steps that the two countries should take to address climate change .
Researchers at the Kavli Institute for Nanosciences at Delft University of Technology , have succeeded in getting hold of the environment of a quantum particle .
This allows them to exercise greater control over a single electron , and brings the team of researchers , led by Vidi winner and FOM workgroup leader Lieven Vandersypen , a step closer still to the super - fast quantum computer .
Their results were published in Nature Physics on 16 August .
One of the unique properties of quantum particles is that they can be in different states at the same time .
An atom or electron is then in what is termed a ' superposition ' of two conditions .
For instance , this means that the ' spin ' of an electron can be pointing in two different directions at once .
A particle like this can therefore be 0 and 1 at the same time , and not just 0 or 1 as in an ordinary computer connection .
This permits super - fast calculations .
Until now , however , it has not proved possible to keep a particle in one specific state for any real length of time , because the environment -- which also consists of quantum particles -- is constantly disrupting the state .
Researchers have been unable to get to grips with this until now .
Stabilising the pull and push
The researchers in Delft tackled the problem by stabilising the environment .
They had already shown that it was possible to direct the spin of an electron using a quantum dot -- a quantum scale box .
The problem , however , is that the nuclei in the material of the box also have their own spins .
Because spins operate like miniscule magnets , they pull and push the spin of the electron in the box .
But that electron is also pushing and pulling in return .
The interaction between the spin of the electron and the spins of the surrounding nuclei was precisely what allowed the researchers to pin down the nuclear spins .
They directed an electrical current through the nano - box and thus influenced the spin direction of the nuclei .
The interaction between the spin of the electron and the nuclear spins in the environment finally allowed a situation to be created where the nuclear spins no longer varied at random , but actually became relatively stable .
This stable environment now makes it possible to preserve the fragile but important superposition for a longer period .
The article by Ivo Vink , Lieven Vandersypen and collegues was published as an Advance Online Publication on the website of Nature Physics on 16 August 2009 .
A detailed theory about the mechanism behind these experimental observations was elaborated by PhD student Jeroen Danon and collegues , and published recently in the journal Physical Review Letters .
The research was funded by NWO and the Foundation for Fundamental Research on Matter ( FOM ) .
Biofuel startup ZeaChem has begun building a biofuel pilot plant that will turn cellulosic feedstocks into ethanol via a novel approach that uses microbes found in the guts of termites .
The company says the ethanol yields from the sugars of its cellulosic feedstocks are significantly higher than the yields from other biofuel production processes .
ZeaChem says its process also has the potential to produce a plastic feedstock .
ZeaChem employs a hybrid approach that uses a combination of thermochemical and biological processes .
It first uses acid to break the cellulose into sugars .
Then , instead of fermenting the sugars into ethanol with yeast , as is typically done , the company feeds the sugars to an acetogen bacteria found in the guts of termites and other insects .
The bacteria converts the sugar into acetic acid , which is then combined with hydrogen to form ethanol .
" It 's a little more complicated than a conventional process .
It 's not the obvious , direct route , but there is a high yield potential , " says Jim McMillan of the U.S. Department of Energy 's National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Golden , CO .
Article continues : http://www.technologyreview.com/energy/23989/
! ADVERTISEMENT !
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Poor countries " face serious adverse effects of climate change " , UN text says
The latest round of UN climate talks opens in Barcelona on Monday with major divisions remaining between countries .
The week 's session is the final chance for negotiators to hammer out a text before December 's Copenhagen summit
In recent weeks , UN officials have declared there is no chance of agreeing all elements of a new legally - binding UN treaty before the end of the year .
But they are still hoping to agree major elements of a treaty to supplant the Kyoto Protocol .
The main areas where big divisions remain include : the extent to which developed countries should cut their greenhouse gas emissions
how much money rich nations should contribute to help poorer ones reduce their emissions and adapt to climate impacts
how far developing countries will go in constraining the rise in their greenhouse gas emissions
Copenhagen countdown - 38 days UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon dampened expectations further last week by appearing to suggest that nothing legally binding might be possible in Copenhagen .
" If we can agree on four political elements , then that could be a hallmark of success on climate change , " he said .
But the Danish hosts and other governments , including the UK , remain determined to secure something with legally - binding elements .
For the UK , it must contain numbers on mitigation targets and adaptation funds ; and ministers have said they will not sign something they consider to be too weak .
" I think we should not sign up to a deal that is inadequate , " Climate Secretary Ed Miliband said last week .
Gaps to bridge Pledges by developed countries to cut emissions by 2020 ( from 1990 levels ) fall far short of the 40 % that developing countries are demanding .
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full
The US may not be in a position to pledge anything at all , with domestic legislation yet to pass through the Senate .
The EU said last week it would contribute its " fair share " of the $ 100 bn euros ( $ 148bn ; £ 90 bn ) per year that it calculates the developing world will need by 2020 in order to curb their emissions and protect their societies and economies from climate impacts .
But it stopped short of naming an exact figure for its contribution .
Studies by UN agencies suggest more than that is needed , and that funding on this scale should begin next year , rather than in 10 years ' time .
A number of developing countries , notably Indonesia , have recently pledged to reduce the rate at which their emissions will rise ; but the biggest of all - China - has yet to announce by how much .
Even the legal form of a new treaty remains to be decided , with a number of developing countries insisting that it must be an extension to the Kyoto Protocol , and industrialised governments equally insistant that it must be a completely new agreement - not least because the US Senate will not ratify the Kyoto Protocol .
Negotiators will begin work with a set of " non-papers " - elements of a possible treaty that do not carry the weight of a formal draft .
The chairman of the main set of talks , Michael Zammit Cutajar , has advised negotiators to concentrate on the " critical issues ... that are central to the task " , with details that could bog the discussions down left to one side .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fair to say Twice Sold Tales qualifies as one of the Hill ’s venerable businesses .
Owner Jamie Lutton first started selling used books out of a cart in the old Broadway Market in 1987 ; the move to her own store front off Broadway on East John Street came in 1990 , after which the store evolved into a neighborhood fixture and a business that helped define Capitol Hill .
So it ’s worth considering how Twice Sold Tales is doing after Sound Transit took over the block and tore down the store and other buildings to make way for Broadway ’s light - rail station .
The store ’s most recent incarnation — call it Twice Sold Tales 3.0 — opened on the southwest corner of Harvard Avenue East and East Denny Way in May 2008 in a vacant storefront that had been a dental clinic .
It ’s a warren - like space with nooks and crannies that appeal to book hunters as well as the cats that call the store home .
( As of this posting four felines occupy the premises . )
When asked how things were going , Lutton was quick to answer , “ I ’m still here ! ”
Any changes to Twice Sold Tales ’ current fortunes are sufficiently intertwined between its Sound Transit relocation and the overall economic downturn that Lutton finds it difficult to separate the two .
In simple terms , it ’s been a tough stretch .
Overall , she said , foot traffic is way down — not surprising given the store is no longer adjacent to a heavily used bus stop — but the people who do walk in are more apt to buy books rather than simply browse .
“ More customers come with specific intent .
Fewer walk in just to use the bathroom or camp out , ” she said .
Shoplifting is way down , Lutton opines , because far fewer homeless people walk inside .
Her clientele is a little older than it used to be and a little more residential , also not surprising since she ’s closer to more apartments and condos .
She said she ’s now sells fewer books about drugs and marijuana growing operations and is selling more mysteries , more books about birds and more science fiction .
“ I do my happy dance if someone wants to sell me science fiction titles , ” she said .
Physically , the store is 50 percent larger than its predecessor and thus more titles fill the shelves , roughly 40,000 by Lutton ’s best guess .
But the relocation / recession meant that she recently had to lay off three employees , leaving 2.5 coworkers when there used to be eight .
Lutton herself typically works six days a week , sometimes more .
At one point this year she worked three straight months without a day off .
Such is the life of an independent bookstore owner .
Still another sign of change : Lutton sold her Twice Sold Tales on lower Queen Anne earlier this year .
“ That was a sign of the economy , ” she said .
“ It ’s just thriftier to run one shop instead of two . ”
As for her experience with Sound Transit , the agency that took possession of her store through eminent domain , she ’s basically sanguine about how it all went down .
The relocation money provided by the agency did n’t come close to what was required to reopen her store — adding a wheelchair ramp alone cost roughly $ 20,000 — nor does she think Sound Transit ’s efforts at signage and promotion were or are sufficient .
But she said it things could have been worse ; after all , she ’s still in business .
Lutton gives the agency a B , even B - plus , all things considered .
“ For one thing , Sound Transit first told me I ’d have to leave by 2001 and they did n’t get around to it until 2008 .
Their delay helped me out a lot , ” she said .
Yes , there still are kitty cats ( Photo : Doug Schwartz )
She ’s less enamored with her dealings with the city , saying that obtaining the permits allowing her to convert the space into a used bookstore was cumbersome , expensive and often subject to the evolving whims of bureaucratic capriciousness .
“ Do n’t get me started about the city , ” she said .
Lutton projects more than just cautious enthusiasm about the prospects of enduring through tough economic climes .
It took years , but she said she was very lucky to find Twice Sold Tales ’ current location .
And after 20 years she clearly still relishes being a bookseller .
Recently a customer came in and asked for a specific algebra textbook .
Jamie had the title at the counter within arms reach and handed it over within seconds .
It had been in the store for months but Lutton was just resorting it .
Such moments of serendipity — not to mention a $ 50 sale — bring a smile to her face , not to mention the stunned look on the face of the customer .
Lutton acknowledges that the Internet , Amazon ’s Kindle , changing reading habits etc. make the notion of running a brick - and - mortar used bookstore a far more precarious proposition than it used to be .
But she ’s determined , and actually even nominally optimistic , about Twice Sold Tale ’s chances :
“ I ’m having a good experience here .
Business is not great but it ’s acceptable .
I have a corps of regular customers who keep me open and I still have eight years left on my lease .
I ’m planning on staying .
Besides , I do n’t know how to do anything else . ”
Since so much more activity is online , and online purchases can be more risky , we do n't necessarily want to be watching the average to see if it is increasing or decreasing .
We want to watch the change within categories .
We normally associate innovation with decreasing fees , costs and profits as an industry matures .
From this chart , we can see within categories , around 44 % of rates increased over time , with only 12 % decreasing .
What are the arguments for why this would increase ?
Sources from the credit card industry explained to me that the important thing to watch is the " effective rate " of all cards , which is the average in all cards , and that this has n't changed over time .
What 's important to realize is that debit cards have less of a rate associated with them , and more people are switching to debit cards .
However , as Felix Salmon noted , you can have the " effective rate " stay the same , or even fall , during a time period where all or some of the rates are increasing by having people switch to the lower rate .
This is , in Steve Waldman 's phrasing , a move from transactional and revolving credit , and that is a move that could benefit consumers who have trouble managing revolving debt .
It is worthwhile to know that the credit card bill passed earlier this year does n't cover debit cards , and it is possible that fees and traps there could increase faster to compensate for the changes to the credit card industry .
What To Do ?
Is it worthwhile to do anything about this situation ?
Critics like to point out that Australia recently capped interchange fees , and as one blog has summarized recent research , it " had the opposite effect of those that regulators were expecting .
Retail prices are not lower .
Instead , merchants enjoy stronger margins thanks to the lower cost of accepting cards . "
Indeed some industry insiders have spoken with skepticism on this situation , saying that the real benefiters from increased scrutiny in this area would n't be small businesses and consumers , but big box retailers .
I think this reflects a poor conceptualization of the credit card process .
The business is the consumer of financial services too .
So to say consumers have n't benefited from interchange fee scrutiny because businesses enjoy better margins is wrong , as the business is precisely the consumer who has benefitted .
In their conclusion , the GAO Report remains skeptical that the problem is so big , or that the government 's tools are so strong , that action should be taken .
They investigate the pros and cons of each of the following four options in detail in the appendix , and if the topic is of interest to you I 'd recommend checking them out : ( 1 ) setting or limiting interchange fees , ( 2 ) requiring their disclosure to consumers , ( 3 ) prohibiting card networks from imposing rules on merchants that limit their ability to steer customers away from higher - cost cards , and ( 4 ) granting antitrust waivers to allow merchants and issuers to voluntarily negotiate rates .
Wie wird Kirchensteuer verwendet ?
In der Piratenpartei wird gerade sehr spannend darüber diskutiert , warum in Deutschland Staat und Kirche nicht getrennt sind und ob dieses Thema in das Parteiprogramm aufgenommen werden sollte .
( vgl. auch das hiesige Posting : “ Verehrer höherer Wesen auf dem Vormarsch ” . )
Bodo Ramelow , Ex-Spitzenkandidat der Linken (! ) bei der Thüringer Landtagswahl , sagte im Spiegel : “ Ich warne meine Partei davor , antireligiös zu agieren .
Wir haben Bündnispartner , die in Kirchen gebunden sind .
Die dürfen wir nicht verlieren . ”
Die Piratenpartei scheint die einzige Partei Deutschlands zu sein , die sich der Tradition der Aufklärung verbunden fühlt .
Die FDP , die Grünen und die Linke haben die Trennung von Staat und Kirche zwar in vager Form im Programm , verzichten aber darauf , zu handeln .
Sie trauen sich nicht , sich mit den Kirchen anzulegen .
Das Kirchensteuerprivileg widerspricht der im Grundgesetz festgelegten weltanschaulichen Neutralität des Staates .
Die Kirchensteuer – in Wahrheit schlicht die Mitgliedsgelder der Kirchen – sollte abgeschafft werden .
[ Vorsicht !
Jetzt kiommt der Werbeblock !]
Da alle anderen Parteien weltanschaulich noch aus dem letzten Jahrtausend stammen , kann nur eine Partei der Zukunft – wie eben die Piratenpartei – dieses Thema angehen .
[ Werbeblock Ende ]
Hier einige Fakten dazu :
“ Viele glauben , der Großteil der Kirchensteuer komme sozialen Zwecken zugute .
Das ist jedoch falsch :
In Wirklichkeit werden zwei Drittel der Kirchensteuer für die Bezahlung von Pfarrern und Kirchenpersonal verbraucht .
In keinem anderen Land der Welt verdienen Pfarrer so viel wie bei uns : etwa 4000 Euro im Monat .
Ihre Besoldung und Versorgung entspricht der eines Regierungsdirektors .
Bischöfe werden aus öffentlichen Steuermitteln bezahlt und beziehen rund 7.700 Euro , Erzbischöfe sowie der evangelische Landesbischof sogar fast 10.000 Euro .
Für öffentliche soziale Zwecke bleiben – selbst nach kirchlichen Angaben – nur höchstens 8 Prozent der Kircheneinnahmen übrig , der Rest wird größtenteils für Kirchenbauten und Verwaltungszwecke verwendet .
Die Kosten von kirchlichen Schulen , Kindergärten , Krankenhäusern , Altenheimen etc. werden fast ganz – zwischen 85 und 100 Prozent – aus öffentlichen Steuermitteln finanziert oder von Elternbeiträgen , Krankenkassen etc. gedeckt . ” [ Quelle : IBKA ]
Weitere Quellen :
taz : “ Deutschland , ein Kirchenstaat ” ( 24.08.2008 )
kirchensteuer.de : “ Die finanzielle Verflechtung von Staat und Kirche ”
Wikipedia : Kirchensteuer
November 20 , 2009 | abgelegt unter Politics
Kommentare
Introducing Ymacs
Ymacs is an Emacs - like editor that works in your browser .
Currently ( starting with tag v0.4 in the code repository ) it works in recent versions of Firefox ( and other Gecko - based browsers ) , Google Chrome and Apple Safari .
This project is based on DynarchLIB , my AJAX toolkit .
News
2012-03 -28 — tagged version 0.5 .
Thought it was dead , huh ?
It 's not .
I did some smallish fixes lately related to OS clipboard , a better Lisp mode ( it implements an additional parser to support better forward_sexp ( C - M - f ) / backward_sexp ( C - M - b ) ) , added comment_dwim ( M - ; ) , comment_region and uncomment_region , which currently work in JavaScript mode and Lisp mode .
Some more color themes , etc .
2010 -01 - 17 —
We now support Chrome and Safari officially .
Tagged version 0.4 in the repository .
2009 - 12 -14 —
Added a CSS mode , toggle_line_numbers ( C- x l ) , mark_whole_buffer ( C- x h ) .
Various small fixes and improvements .
Tagged version 0.3 in the repository .
2009 - 12-08 —
Lots of new stuff , although the user - visible changes are not very big .
In any case , this refactoring was needed : commands are now separated into functions and interactive commands .
The M-x completion menu will only list interactive commands .
We support a subset of Emacs ' interactive codes for defining commands .
With the above came the easiness to define commands that take arguments — hence M-g , for now , which moves to a certain line number .
We also now have prefix arguments ( C- u ) .
Tagged version 0.2 in the code repository .
2009 - 12-04 — Look ma , M-x ! :-)
M-x eval_region , even .
And TAB completion for command names .
Some commands from that list are n't meant to be called interactively — I 'll start some refactoring for this soon .
Other new stuff : C-x b to switch buffers ( TAB completion available , but the default value , which should have been to switch to the previously visited buffer , is missing ) .
Using C-x b you can also create a new buffer — just type a name for it .
Then use M-x javascript_mode , or xml_mode etc. M-x htmlize_region — will create a new buffer and put into it the HTML containing the current “ syntax highlighted ” code ( uses class , not inline styles ) .
For more , check the commit logs .
2009 - 11 - 24 —
Checked in a new bunch of changes , and updated the build : we now have a Lisp mode with basic syntax highlighting , automatic indentation , paren matching and auto - closing ( C - c ] ) ; text selection using the mouse , and fixed it for variable - width fonts ; basic Markdown mode .
Various other fixes .
Press C - TAB in the demo to reach the Lisp or Markdown buffers and test .
How much Emacs - like ?
Of course , Emacs is a gigantic beast with some 30 years of history .
I 'm not ambitious enough I do n't have enough time to copy all it's features , but however Ymacs currently can do the following ( and I think it 's worth its name ) :
Emacs - like movement keys : by character ( ARROW_RIGHT , ARROW_LEFT , C-f , C-b ) by line ( ARROW_UP , ARROW_DOWN , C-n , C-p ) by word ( C- ARROW_RIGHT , C-ARROW_LEFT , M-f , M-b ) by paragraph ( C- ARROW_UP , C- ARROW_DOWN ) even by balanced expressions in some modes ( C - M-f , C- M-b , C- M-n , C- M-p )
( but this is really slow currently ) beginning of buffer ( C - HOME , M-< ) end of buffer ( C - END , M-> )
Emacs - like text manipulation commands : transpose chars ( C-t ) transpose words ( M-t ) transpose lines ( C-x C-t ) upcase word ( M-u ) downcase word ( M-l ) capitalize word ( M - c ) center line ( M-s ) word killing ( M-d , M-DELETE , C- BACKSPACE ) dabbrev-expand ( M-/ ) — autocomplete the word at point text filling ( M- q )
Emacs - like editing modes ( currently JavaScript , XML , Lisp and Markdown ) : modes can provide custom keymaps and syntax highlighting and automatic indentation highlighting matching parentheses
And other features implemented in a very Emacs - like fashion : undo queue mark , kill ring and transient mark minibuffer and mode line interactive search multiple buffers split frames ( C- x 2 or C- x 3 to split frame , C- x 1 to delete - other - frames ) prefix keys , keymaps markers , overlays and text properties M-x
Of course , these features are n't hard - coded in ways that you can't change .
Ymacs is customizable and extensible .
For example , if you 're not happy with Emacs key bingings , it 's fairly trivial to define a different default keymap to mimic , say , Eclipse , or Visual Studio .
However I 'm not familiar with any of these , so I can only hope that this will be implemented by contributors .
Do you want to become one ?
How did it start ?
Like most cool projects , Ymacs started out of necessity .
What 's ironic is that after hacking on it for a few days , I almost forgot the purpose I had in mind and kept adding features to make it more Emacs - like , faster and more stable and currently , it still does n't have the features that I wanted in the first place .
( however , it got close : it should be easy now to add a decent Lisp - mode ) .
It started because one day I wanted to learn Common Lisp .
I 've read some materials , done some trivial applications to see how it 's like , and next I thought " OK , let 's do websites with it " .
So I started building a pretty simple content management system , with an AJAX interface based on DynarchLIB .
Things were progressing nicely , albeit rather slowly .
I implemented my database with PostgreSQL and cl-perec , after serious hassling to learn how to use the latter ( which is almost completely undocumented ) , then I discovered Hunchentoot which is a fine Web server written in Common Lisp , and cl - who from the same author as Hunchentoot ( BTW , this guy is fantastic ! ) .
CL - Who is a cool way to write XML ( thus HTML ) directly in Lisp .
You could call it a template engine , but it 's really Lisp and gets compiled into machine code ( depending on the Lisp implementation ) , which is nice because the templates run blazing fast .
In my CMS I was using an " WYSIWYG " widget for editing pages , which is pretty cool .
But each page has one cl - who template .
Initially I thought that the templates would reside on the server and would not be editable through the AJAX interface , but then I thought “ whY not ? ” .
So I quickly hacked a new table into the database to hold the templates , and threw together a simple editor for them which was using a TEXTAREA .
When I first tried it , I realized that writing Lisp in a textarea is not just unbearable , it 's downright impossible .
You have to count all those parens .
You have to look until your eyes hurt to find out if a string is properly closed or not .
There 's no editing commands , etc .
I 'm not blaming the textarea — it was n't designed for this — I 'm just saying that no no , you can't write code into it .
Similar projects - CodeMirror
So I looked for alternatives .
There are a few in - browser source code editors ( one even claims to be Emacs - like , but that seems to be a joke ) .
The one that worths mentioning is CodeMirror , a project that claims " in - browser code editing made almost bearable " .
It does stand to it — it works pretty well , it 's fast enough , it has very good syntax highlighting and automatic indentation for a few languages .
When I checked the author ( Marijn Haverbeke ) I found that he is a Lisp programmer who actually built some stuff that my CMS prototype indirectly relies on , how cool is that ? :-)
( Postmodern , a nice library for accessing PostgreSQL databases from Lisp . )
CodeMirror is based on designMode ; you should read Marijn 's story about writing CodeMirror to see the struggles that the man went through in order to build his editor on top of this interface ( by the way , this is a good time to give proper credit : his story inspired me on handling syntax highlighting and indentation using a resumable parser that saves its state at the end of each line ) .
So , first I thouhgt about using CodeMirror .
But I really wanted Emacs keybindings .
I have some experience with designMode and I know that it 's extremely difficult to figure out where the caret is , for example — which would be necessary to implement movement by word , transposition commands or upcase / downcase / capitalize .
It seemed crazy so I rejected the idea to modify CodeMirror .
Besides , where 's the fun if I 'm not doing it myself ? :-)
How do you do it without designMode and without textarea ?
Well , draw your own text , draw your own cursor , intercept all keypress events and figure out what to do with them .
That 's what Ymacs does .
You can read more about the architecture if you 're interested .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A giant fish - eating worm with jaws twice the width of its body has been discovered hiding amongst coral and rocks in a Hull aquarium .
Staff at The Deep found the 1m - long ( 3.2ft ) Bobbit worm as the rocks were about to be moved into a tank containing other fish .
Aquarist Seb Prajsner said : " It looked like something straight out of a science fiction movie . "
The worms can grow up to 3 m ( 9.8 ft ) in length and are up to 2 cm ( 1in ) wide .
It is believed it had hatched on the rocks and had gone unnoticed by staff .
Sliced in half
As they were about to transfer the coral to a major display tank , the worm shot out .
Armed with sharp teeth , the underwater predator is known to attack with such speeds that its prey is sometimes sliced in half and is among the longest worms in the world .
Colin Brown , chief executive at The Deep , said : " Thank goodness Seb discovered the potential menace before it caused more damage .
" The occasional Bobbit worm has cropped up in other aquariums , but sadly they have been discovered too late , as the answer to spates of unexplained fish disappearances .
" Our alien is safely in its own tank , under the watchful eye of our staff . "
" Temple University is a community of scholars in which freedom of inquiry and freedom of expression are valued , " the university said in a statement yesterday .
" We respect the right of our student organizations to invite people who express a wide variety of views and ideas . "
I want to be a force for good .
Does n't everyone ?
Which is why I was delighted to be moved by the words of Microsoft 's Bill Gates during a CNBC TV special in which he and Warren Buffett discussed the meaning of life .
Or something similar .
Asked by an audience member what he thought of Steve Jobs and Apple , Gates began with an insouciant smile .
Then he tossed garlands of roses and pearls of praise at the Apple co-founder .
He said : " He 's done a fantastic job . "
Which was charming in itself .
But he continued to describe how Jobs saved Apple : " He brought in a team , he brought in inspiration about great products and design that 's made Apple back into being an incredible force in doing good things . "
So , from now on , everyone who happens to be a fanperson of either brand should seek out one of his or her supposed mortal enemies , hold hands with them and see if , together , they cannot try to be a force for good things too .
A onetime engineer turned Goldman Sachs executive , Mr. Kashkari never had strong partisan instincts .
Instead , following his boss Henry M. Paulson Jr. to Mr. Bush ’s Treasury , he took along Wall Street ’s disdain for the culture of Washington .
Image Neel T. Kashkari , a former Treasury official , credits the Wall Street bailout with preventing a worse situation .
Credit ... Brendan Smialowski for The New York Times
As the crisis in an over - leveraged financial system crested last year , that skepticism led him to question the wisdom of seeking bailout money from Congress ; he feared that lawmakers would say no and trigger a catastrophic loss of confidence .
But lawmakers surprised him , as did the civil servants at Treasury and the Federal Reserve that he calls “ patriots ” for their frantic efforts to avert disaster .
Mr. Kashkari himself become a target over Treasury ’s shifting TARP strategy ; one Democratic House member wondered aloud at a hearing whether he was “ a chump . ”
He acknowledges Treasury ’s failures in underestimating dangers to the economy and communicating about its policy response .
But in the signs of turnaround that President Obama now points to , Mr. Kashkari sees evidence that those policies have worked .
In Ben S. Bernanke , the Fed chairman , and Timothy F. Geithner , the Treasury secretary and former president of the New York Fed , central players that Mr. Kashkari and Mr. Paulson teamed up with remain in place .
Notwithstanding partisan gibes , Mr. Kashkari said that a Republican administration would have followed the same course had Mr. McCain won the presidential election  albeit with less populist rhetoric .
“ The way a Democratic administration talks about certain issues is probably a little different , ” he said .
“ But the substance of the actions , I think , are very consistent . ”
A Good Start
Mr. Kashkari embraces the Obama administration ’s financial regulation proposal as a good first step .
But he said policy makers needed more time to determine rules that could temper risk while preserving financial dynamism and innovation .
I have walked across the US !!!!
Hi , my name is Joe Fairchild , and I crossed the country on foot to raise money for Multiple Sclerosis .
I left Boston on 8/8/2009 , and reached the Santa Monica Pier on 2/20/2010 !
The journey was an incredible experience , which I tried to share with others through my blog and pictures .
Books I Read Along the Way
For me , the journey was mostly about discovering my own self and spirituality .
In addition to the hours of reflection spent alone on the road , I explored philosophy , psychology , and buddhism by reading the following books :
RunSomeMore Tee Shirts
T shirts have been sold out for like 5 years now ,
but I am keeping this picture up because they were pretty cool .
A federal appeals court granted a Catholic advocacy group 's request Thursday for a new hearing on whether San Francisco expressed official hostility to religion in 2006 when the Board of Supervisors denounced a Vatican order to Catholic Charities not to place children with same - sex couples for adoption .
A three - judge panel of the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco ruled in June that the supervisors had not violated the constitutional requirement of government neutrality toward religion .
The court said the city had acted for a legal , secular purpose - to protect gay and lesbian couples from discrimination .
On Thursday , the full court said a majority of its judges had voted to set the ruling aside and refer the case to an 11 - judge panel for rehearing .
Robert Muise , lawyer for the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights , which requested the rehearing , said he would argue that the city was " intervening in church affairs . "
The supervisors ' resolution " called on local Catholics to literally defy church teaching , to defy Catholic leaders , " said Muise , an attorney with the Thomas More Law Center .
Deputy City Attorney Vince Chhabria said the Catholic organization was asking the court to rule that a church " should be immune from ( government ) criticism . "
The board passed the nonbinding resolution , sponsored by then - Supervisor Tom Ammiano , in March 2006 after the Vatican declared that church - affiliated agencies such as Catholic Charities should not place children for adoption in gay or lesbian households .
Allowing children to be adopted by same - sex couples " would actually mean doing violence to these children , " said the pronouncement by carinal William Levada , the former Catholic archbishop in San Francisco who heads the Vatican 's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith .
Ammiano's resolution called the decree " an insult to San Francisco " and urged Catholic Charities and local Catholic officials to disregard it .
In response , Catholic Charities of San Francisco stopped placing any children for adoption .
In the June 3 ruling , the court panel said the supervisors had been focusing on same - sex couples , not Catholics .
Promoting equal treatment for those couples in adoptions is n't anti-religious , " regardless of whether the Catholic Church may be opposed to it as a religious tenet , " Judge Richard Paez said in the 3 - 0 decision .
Shortly afterward , Richard Thompson , president and chief counsel of the Thomas More Law Center , issued a statement comparing the San Francisco board 's actions to a Nazi policy in the 1930s of vilifying Jews , " laying the groundwork for more repressive policies , including the final solution of extermination . "
Narrator
Our very planet depends on them .
Yet they remain nature 's most elusive scientific species , inhabiting some of the world 's most delicate and daunting academic environments .
But thanks to new breakthroughs in high speed cameras and email files , metascientists are finally beginning to understand their mysterious behaviors and complex social interactions .
Tonight on Iowahawk Geographic : step inside the Secret Life of the Climate Researchers .
French Horn Fanfare Theme
Fast - cut montage of walrus mating with polar bear , astronomer peering through telescope into neighbor 's window , cheetahs chasing penguins on the Serengeti , scientists filling out NSF grant proposals
Dah dat dat DAAAH dat , dah daht duh dah dee - dah dee dah - dah !
Narrator
This is the University of East Anglia in the United Kingdom , home of one of the largest nesting populations of climate scientists in Europe .
Gentle ant 's - eye scene of idyllic campus lawn , strewn about with drunken mating undergraduates
Each year it attracts magnificent migratory flocks of graduate students , adjuncts and visiting faculty from across the northern hemisphere .
Shots of jumbo jets landing at Heathrow ; herds of climate researchers busily milling at Duty Free shops , retrieving baggage , phoning for prearranged limo service
Within minutes of arriving on campus , the migratory researchers approach the entrance of the Climate Research Unit and perform the secret credential dance , fiercely displaying their prominent curriculum vitae .
This signals to the security drone that they can be trusted with the sacred electronic lanyard badge that will grant them entrance to the hive 's inner sanctum .
During the upcoming research season , this hive alone will produce over 6 million metric tons of grant - sustaining climate data guano , but until recently little was known about the elusive genus of homo scientifica living inside .
Where do they come from ?
What strange force draws them here year after year ?
In order to unravel the mystery , Iowahawk Geographic documentary filmmaker David Burge undertook a painstaking one - week project to finally capture the climate researchers in their native habitat .
In this exclusive footage , Burge warily approaches the hive 's security drone , disguising himself as smelly graduate student .
Burge has theorized that as a member of the lowest stratum in the hive 's social system , the drone likely enjoys partying .
He reaches into his backpack and offers the drone a pint of Guinness and a small bag of weed in exchange for the hive 's internal security tapes and email files .
Success .
The never - before seen security tapes obtained by Burge provide a rare glimpse into the inner working of the climate research hive and its amazing guano production .
In this sequence , we see one group of researchers entering the hive each carrying a datum they have retrieved from a distant climate measuring station .
This is the cause of much excitement among their colleagues , who buzz around in a grant - writing frenzy .
Infrared heat map film of highly agitated researchers
But there 's a problem : as the worker researchers attempt to store each raw datum into the neat honeycomb hockey stick structure provided by the hive 's Alpha Grantwriter , they discover that few will fit .
The infrared shows them growing cool with fear .
This signals the climate researcher 's instinctive behavior to begin viciously beating , rolling and normalizing the data into submission .
According to Dr. Nigel V.H. Oldham , professor emeritus at Oxford University 's Centre for Metascience , this violent data dance is what makes climate researchers unique among breeds of scientists .
Professor Nigel V.H. Oldham
Like other species in the order homo scientifica , the climate researcher gathers and organizes data to lure grant money to the hive .
In contrast to those other species , however , the climate researcher has evolved a set of complex violent behaviors to insure any data leaving the hive is perfectly adapted to nature 's most lucrative and sweetest grants .
It really is a marvel of natural selection , and explains why the climate researcher continues to thrive in any kind of weather condition .
Many of those behaviors are on display in the security film , as we see a sexless group of drone graduate students processing a raw datum with saliva , sawdust and Fortran code .
After each iteration the time series is presented to the Alpha Grantwriter to see if fits inside his graph .
Several graduate drones die of exhaustion , but the data eventually fit the template .
Next the Alpha Grantwriter flies to an international climate research conference with the completed PowerPoint template , where he will share his guano with other Alpha Grantwriters over cocktails in the hotel lounge .
This is a process metascientists refer to as " peer review . "
Professor Nigel V.H. Oldham
Among climate researchers , peer review seems to serve three purposes .
First , it rewards the hives that have the most successful data torturers .
Second it singles out mutant hives for elimination .
Third , it allows the Alpha Grantwriters to expense drinks .
Narrator
The Alpha Grantwriter in our hive has been very successful indeed .
He has earned three publications , a keynote address , and attracts the attention of a suitor from the symbiotic grant - giving predator genus Lucra Ecologica Hysterica .
The suitor 's grant bags are bulging with carbon credits and tax revenues harvested using the hive 's last graphs , and the pair once again engage in their annual cross-pollination ritual .
They relax with a cigarette , and return to their respective hives : the Grantwriter with fresh money , the Grantgiver to Washington or Brussels with new carbon tax proposals .
The circle of life is completed .
But life is not always so easy inside the hive of the climate researcher .
Occasionally the sanctity of the hive is breached by a predator from the species Methodica Skeptica Scientifica , who threatens the hive with demands to see their raw data .
security film of ominous skeptic infiltrating the hive
In this rare footage , the invading skeptic is repelled by a swarm of drones before he can reach the entombed data .
He makes another attempt , but the Alpha Grantwriter has called in reinforcements from the grantgiver hive and the New York Times .
Climate Researchers
Hissssss hisssssss hisssssssss
Narrator
The ear - piercing screech of the swarm warns the intruder that they will cut off his peer review unless he retreats .
But the the hungry skeptic is not so easily dissuaded , and returns to the hive with a Freedom of Information
Act form demanding a copy of the hive 's raw data .
This sends the climate researcher drones into a wild frenzy as they scramble to find and conceal the scent of the preprocessed data .
To bide time the Alpha Grantwriter offers the skeptic a copy of the hockey stick graph .
The skeptic threatens a lawsuit with his stinger .
Thinking quickly , the Alpha Grantwriter performs an elaborate dance , communicating that the original data has been eaten , possibly by graduate drone .
He presents the skeptic with the dead bodies of 10 drones as a peace offering .
Finally stymied in his efforts to reach the data , the skeptic flies away .
The hive lives on .
Professor Nigel V.H. Oldham
The climate researcher is in some sense a milestone in evolutionary biology .
Ever since Darwin , we have understood that a particular species adapts to its environmental reality .
Now for the first time , we are seeing evidence that environmental reality is adapting to a particular species .
It 's not really rocket science .
Well okay , I suppose it 's really not science at all .
Join us next time on Iowahawk Geographic , when we go in search of the outer limits of the economic galaxy with " Stimulus - X : The Black Hole of the Beltway . "
( Health.com ) --
Heart attack patients are exposed to a radiation dose equal to about 725 chest X - rays over the course of their hospital stay , according to research presented Monday at the American Heart Association meeting in Orlando , Florida .
The radiation comes from tests such as computed tomography ( CT ) scans , cardiac catheterizations , and artery - clearing angioplasties .
Too much radiation can increase the risk of developing some cancers , although the benefits of such tests typically outweigh the risks when it comes to diagnosing and treating heart attacks .
The cancer risk associated with an angioplasty or with a CT scan -- which delivers about 500 times more radiation than an X - ray -- is hard to measure .
Prashant Kaul , M.D. , the lead study author and a cardiovascular fellow at Duke University Medical Center , in Durham , North Carolina , stresses that many cardiac tests that use radiation are necessary and appropriate .
" We 're not saying those should be withheld , " he says .
" We 're just trying to increase awareness so that when physicians are ordering tests , they bear in mind the indications . "
Health.com : Heartburn or heart attack ?
How to tell the difference
The study , which was conducted over three and a half years , included nearly 65,000 heart attack hospitalizations at 49 academic hospitals across the United States .
The researchers estimated radiation doses by looking at hospital records ; they did n't measure exposure directly .
A single radiation - delivering test generally poses little cancer risk , but the heart attack patients in the study averaged about four such tests during their hospital stay , potentially multiplying the risk .
Angioplasty ( also known as percutaneous coronary intervention , or PCI ) , a procedure in which a balloon - tipped catheter is used to open a blocked artery , delivers a dose of radiation about 750 times greater than an X - ray , but that does n't mean doctors should n't perform it , says Kaul .
" No one would argue that you should n't do that -- it 's a lifesaving procedure , " he says .
Health.com :
What atherosclerosis looks like in your body
Thomas C. Gerber , M.D. , Ph.D. , a professor of medicine and radiology at the Mayo Clinic 's College of Medicine , in Jacksonville , Florida , says " it 's difficult to assess the health risk of ionizing radiation . "
It 's unclear if there 's a risk associated with a radiation dose less than 100 millisieverts , which is an amount of radiation about seven times greater than the average dose seen in the study , says Gerber .
" If there 's an increased risk of cancer , it 's small , and nobody 's been able to show it , " says Gerber , who has studied radiation safety in medical testing but was not involved in the study .
The patients in the study were exposed to about 14.5 millisieverts , a dose roughly five times greater than the amount of exposure from so - called background radiation in the environment .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has estimated that the amount of radiation absorbed by the body during a CT scan increases the lifetime risk of dying of cancer by a factor of 1 in 2000 .
The natural risk of dying from cancer is about 1 in 5 , so the added risk posed by the radiation is very small .
According to the FDA , the benefits of a CT scan generally outweigh the risks for those with a medical need , but not for symptom - less people who are considering a CT scan only for screening purposes .
According to Kaul , physicians should take into account a patient 's total radiation exposure during a hospital stay , rather than the dose from one individual test .
Exposure to radiation during occasional tests is safer than a relatively large dose in a short period of time , experts say .
Health.com : 7 causes of high cholesterol
" Having 17 millisieverts in January and another 17 millisieverts in October is n't the same as having 34 millisieverts all at the same time , " says Gerber .
" Small amounts of radiation in certain increments do n't mean the same as one large dose of radiation at the same time . "
Patients should n't be afraid to ask their doctor if a test is truly necessary , he says .
" There 's nothing wrong with patients asking their doctor , ' How will this test change what you do for me ? '
If it does n't , that test may not be necessary . "
Health.com : Sky - high cholesterol could land you in the emergency room
Heart attack patients should n't forgo a test simply because of concerns about radiation , says Kaul .
Doing so could prevent doctors from diagnosing a dangerous problem or treating a patient to the best of their ability .
" We do n't want to scare people into thinking they 're going into the hospital and their risk of cancer 's going to suddenly increase , " says Kaul .
" It 's a balance between the hypothetical risk of cancer with the risks of not performing an imaging study . "
At the American Heart Association 's annual Scientific Sessions meeting , more than 20,000 cardiologists and other physicians from around the country give presentations on new research and on advances in the diagnosis and treatment of heart disease and stroke .
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
Okay , everybody stop , take a breath .
Perhaps smile .
Reforms to New York state 's draconian Rockefeller drug laws have gone into effect today .
State authorities have identified about 1,100 inmates who are eligible to apply for resentencing now -- I 've also seen the figure 1,500 cited .
The Legal Aid Society is already working with 270 of them .
It is n't nearly enough .
Our article published just before the legislation passed last April outlines some of its deficiencies .
If all of those 1,100 gain earlier release than they would have gotten , that will leave another 13,000 , and resentencing does n't mean they 'll all get out right away .
Of course , the limited scope of the reforms passed by the legislature did n't stop prosecutors from trying to block their implementation .
But they failed .
This is the second time the legislature has modified the Rockefeller laws -- the first time was in 2004 -- and yet most of the work still lies ahead of us .
But 1,100 people , potentially , will have their lives transformed , and another chink has been made in the drug war wall of injustice .
To once again make use of a Churchill quote that drug reformers have used before : " Now this is not the end .
It is not even the beginning of the end .
But it is , perhaps , the end of the beginning . "
In the meanwhile , watch this video :
“ Portrait de Cherid Barkaoun ” was one of Marc Garanger ’s pictures of Algerian women taken during in the early 1960s .
The image of Barkaoun , “ mournful but proud , large eyes kohl - rimmed , hair braided , absently clutching a scarf to her chest as if to keep hold of some sliver of privacy ” , as the New York Times put it , reaches across half a century and remains a poignant symbol of oppression by the French and her tribal elders alike .
During the early 1960s , the French authorities required Algerians to have identity cards and a conscript in the French Army , Marc Garanger , was ordered to shoot their portraits .
He photographed some 2,000 Algerian women , many of whom had been veiled throughout their adult lives until they uncovered themselves for Granger ’s camera .
If taking these images was a violation to these women and their cultural beliefs , their cultural beliefs themselves were also violation of their individual rights .
It turned Mr. Garanger against French rule and through the humanity of his subjects , he conveyed their anger , oppression and resistance .
“ In 1960 , I was doing my military service in Algeria .
The French army had decided that the indigenous peoples were to have a French identity card .
I was asked to photograph all the people in the surrounding villages .
I took photographs of nearly two thousand persons , the majority of whom were women , at a rate of about two hundred a day .
The faces of the women moved me greatly .
They had no choice .
They were required to unveil themselves and let themselves be photographed .
They had to sit on a stool , outdoors , before a white wall .
I was struck by their pointblank stares , first witness to their mute , violent protest .
To express myself with my eye , I took up my camera .
To shout my disagreement .
For twenty - four months I never stopped , sure that one day I would be able to testify .
To tell stories with these images … all of this I did with more force than the dominant military ideology of the era that surrounded me with hatred and violence .
My spirits revolt was proportionate to the horrors that I witnessed , ” later recalled Garanger .
Equally memorable and haunting are Garanger ’s later photographs of the Algerian War collected in the 1984 album La Guerre d’Algérie vue par un appelé du contingent .
Garanger viewed the publications as a riposte to France ’s collective amnesia about the Occupation of North Africa .
Garanger later worked as a freelance photographer in all the republics of the Soviet Union .
In 1966 he received the Prix Niepce , one of the most important photography awards in France .
Recently declassified documents on the Bush administration interrogation program describe several techniques used on detainees in US custody , some of which may have violated the United Nations Convention Against Torture , to which the United States is a signatory .
Included in the large cache of documents is one which describes ( pdf ) stress positions to be used as interrogation techniques , as well as the use of an abdominal slap as a punishment tool .
ADVERTISEMENT
The “ purpose ” of the abdominal slap is defined in the documents as being “ to instill fear and despair , to punish selective behavior and to instill humiliation or cause insult . ”
The documents were requested by the American Civil Liberties Union via a Freedom of Information Act request in 2004 and were made public on Oct. 30 , 2009 .
While there is no information on when the stress - position document was written or which government agency authored it , the entire cache of documents was in the possession of the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel , according to ACLU attorney , Alex Abdo .
“ We do n’t know who wrote it , ” Abdo said in a Monday interview .
“ It may have been written by the OLC , the CIA , or the DOD . ”
The document may be part of of another set of documents , which could explain its lack of a date and other contextual information .
Abdo pointed out that the Central Intelligence Agency had primary declassification responsibilities .
The other documents in the release are from the Department of Defense , the Department of State , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , the Justice Department and the CIA , along with communications between these various agencies and the National Security Council .
The general time frame of the entire set of documents is from late 2001 until the filing of the FOIA in 2004 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Stress Positions
The document setting forth the use of stress positions and abdominal slapping is short and vague .
The first part describes the the “ purpose ” of stress positions without indicating what the desired results are or when the technique should be implemented .
The “ purpose ” of stress positions is described as follows :
“ A variety of stress positions are possible .
They focus on producing mild physical discomfort from prolonged muscle use , rather than pain associated with contortions or twisting of the body . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
There is no further information provided on the length of time stress positions should be used , nor is there any list of prohibitions relating to the overuse of stress positions .
The only information provided on the implementation of this technique is under a section called “ application ” :
A ) .
The detainee kneel on the floor and lean back at a 45 - degree angle B ) .
The detainee lean against a wall with only their forehead touching the wall and feet as far away as possible from the wall .
ADVERTISEMENT
There is no mention of how long a detainee is to lean back at a “ 45 - degree angle ” or what signs indicate that the “ mild physical discomfort ” has become severe or acute .
Abdominal Slap
The “ purpose ” of the abdominal slap technique is far more defined than the purpose of the stress position technique and it is this portion that raises serious questions of legality , as defined by several treaties to which the United States is a signatory .
The Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment , for example , was adopted by the United Nations in 1984 and ratified by the United States in 1994 .
It defines torture as “ any act by which severe pain or suffering , whether physical or mental , is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a confession , punishing him for an act he or a third person has committed or is suspected of having committed , or intimidating or coercing him or a third person . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The abdominal slap is outlined in the released document as being used “ to instill fear and despair ” and “ instill humiliation . ”
The document then goes on to describe how a detainee is to be slapped in the abdomen :
“ The interrogator is positioned directly in front of the detainee .
With the interrogator ’s fingers held tightly together and fully extended , with the palm toward the interrogator ’s own body and about one foot from the detainee ’s abdomen , using the wrist as the fixed pivot point , the interrogator slaps the detainee in the detainee ’s abdomen .
The interrogator does not use a fist , nor is the slap delivered either below the navel or above the sternum . ”
In an email to Raw Story , human rights lawyer and Columbia law professor Scott Horton provided a strongly worded comment in response to the “ purpose ” of the abdominal slap technique :
ADVERTISEMENT
“ In a famous statement , George W. Bush disparaged the international law prohibition on humiliating and degrading treatment saying it was ‘ vague ’ and that he ‘ did n’t know what it meant . ’
But this document demonstrated that the Bush Administration ’s strenuous efforts to avoid international law were not based on concerns about ambiguity , but rather because they understood precisely what the law meant and they intended to break it .
Here , the purpose of one technique is openly described as being ‘ to instill fear and despair … and to instill humiliation or cause insult . ’
It ’s actually one of the milder techniques secretly adopted and used–and clearly forbidden and punished up to the time Bush came to office . ”
Abdo concurs that this is a serious revelation indicating an intent to violate known human rights laws .
“ As with all of the enhanced interrogation techniques , it is clear their purpose was to humiliate detainees and instill fear in them them of death and bodily harm and [ was ] certainly in contradiction to all of the treaties we have signed , ” Abdo said .
Asked if there are any known cases of death as a result of the abdominal slap technique , Abdo said that there are cases of detainees dying as a result of beatings to the lower regions of the body but he was not aware of any deaths directly related to abdominal slapping .
Larisa Alexandrovna is managing editor of investigative news for Raw Story .
Contact : [ email protected ] .
Casting calls were held Thursday at Churchill Downs for extras in Walt Disney Picture 's " Secretariat " for filming scheduled to begin in late September and last for two weeks , according to Business First of Louisville .
And there is a second round of auditions 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday at the Griffin Gate Marriott Resort ( 1800 Newton Pike ) in Lexington .
But if you auditioned and get a part , do n't take it .
And if you are planning on driving east to Lexington for tomorrow 's casting call , do n't go .
A few years ago I was an extra in " National Treasure : Book of Secrets , " also by Walt Disney Pictures .
I expected it to be miserable , but figured it'd make for good fodder .
I underestimated just how miserable being an extra is though : it was the worst movie experience I 've had since watching " Weekend at Bernie's . "
Glamour at the costume fitting
The costume fitting took place a few weeks before the shoot .
My prole , a photographer at the president 's birthday party , required a tuxedo .
Between being in wedding parties and going to proms , it probably was the 10th time I 'd been to a tuxedo rental shop .
And with a four - hour wait , it was my longest such experience .
I made about $ 15 and there was nothing glamorous about my afternoon , save having a little old Turkish man tug on my trousers .
Wanting to shoot myself at the shoot
The shoot itself was about as interesting as a second - grade class photo shoot , only longer and colder .
After getting corralled onto a bus and driven to Mount Vernon , I
stood around
sat around
walked around in the background , way off camera for a few seconds
( Parts 1 and 2 featured more prominently in my 13 - hour late afternoon , evening , and early morning than did part 3 . )
My celeb sightings :
Ed Harris walked by me and there was a little controversy over whether or not he grabbed my cakes .
I say he did ; he , if you asked him , would most likely wonder what the heck you were talking about .
Sen . John Kerry chatted with the director .
Nicholas Cage stormed to and from his scenes .
A fellow extra had really gone out of her way to look like Sarah Jessica Parker .
I did n't bother going back for day two of the shoot .
I figured I 'd had my film experience and the possibility of brief screen time and getting my $ 75 check did n't merit another sleepless cold night in rented clothes .
One reason to audition :
The other extras will boost your self - esteem
The vibe at the shoot was less Hollywood glamour and more Baltimore desperation .
There 's a permanent nomadic underclass of extras that travel the East Coast in the hopes of a second of screen time .
Some of these grunts were staying in hotels , spending more on their budget accommodation than Disney was paying them .
Others were blowing their meager check on gas .
One particularly desperate woman planned to drive back to New Jersey after the first day of the shoot to check on a friend 's cat , and then drive right back for the second day .
A typical conversation between these types :
" Did n't I meet you at ' John Adams ? ' "
" Yes ! "
" Did you make it on screen ? "
" No , my scene got cut .
How about you ? "
" Yes !
You can see the top of my head in one of the overhead shots . "
" Fantastic !
That 'll be great on your resume . "
And then there were the extras who were members of the actor 's guild : at some point in their lives , these folks had a line in a movie , which entitles them to better pay , a separate food tent , an air of accomplishment and looks of envy from the desperate masses .
For more information :
Here 's another activity you should avoid : reading Velocity .
( Photo : Flickr / Sörn )
I was an average high school student .
I had to attend summer school between my junior and senior years just to graduate with my class and even then , on graduation night , I was n’t sure there ’d be a diploma waiting for me .
I was always more interested in playing ball and chasing girls .
I was more successful at the former than the latter .
After graduation I did manage to earn an athletic scholarship to play baseball at a small Florida college but after two years of playing ball , and earning less than one year ’s worth of college credit , I realized I was wasting my time as well as the college ’s resources and decided I needed to do something else until I figured out what I wanted to do .
So , being the son of a 20 - year retired Air Force Tech Sergeant , I joined the military .
I spoke to all the branches and in the end it was the Navy that won me over for a six - year enlistment .
They enticed me with visions of advanced electronics training , fantastic marketability in the civilian world and a chance to see the world .
Remember the old Navy slogan : u201CIt ’s not just a job , it ’s an adventure .
u201D
Oh boy !
From the moment I arrived in Orlando , Florida for my basic training I realized what a joke it was .
If you want to know what military basic training is like just watch any episode of Gomer Pyle , it ’s exactly like that .
Just as ridiculous .
Army of None : Strategi ...
Aimee Allison , David S... Best Price : $ 3.31 Buy New $ 7.90 ( as of 10:30 EST - Details )
The military always advertises that it wants the best and the brightest , but the first thing they do is try to break you down and then reprogram you .
They want to reprogram you into a person that will follow orders without question ; something tantamount to a frontal lobotomy that leaves subjects unable to think for themselves .
Well then why do they need the best and the brightest if they are not meant to think for themselves ?
Given the chaos of battle , to strive to have a force that is not expected to think for themselves is not only ridiculous but dangerous as well yet the military , under the guise of the Uniform Code of Military Justice ( UCMJ ) , regularly prosecutes soldiers who had the courage , intellect and wisdom to do what needed to be done in the field to preserve lives even though they were n’t told to do it .
That ’s called u201 Cdisobeying a direct orderu201D from some arrogant , bonehead hundreds or thousands of miles away .
One is taught that there is a right way and a wrong way to do things and the military will teach you the right way .
Anyone not doing things the right way then is to be looked upon with contempt and suspicion .
The military teaches you how to micromanage life , as if they know how to do this , to the point that you find yourself counting brush strokes when you brush your teeth .
Every move is to have purpose and be approved or else you will be prosecuted by the UCMJ .
The military , see , is a complete subculture within America .
All soldiers are considered to be government property , no kidding , and there exist regulations in the UCMJ that can mean loss of pay , confinement , and even jail time if that government property is damaged somehow or if it does n’t do what it is told to do .
Again , even though the government says it wants the best and the brightest , if the sidewalks outside are icy during the winter soldiers are not allowed out for fear of them falling and injuring themselves .
As ridiculous and asinine as that sounds it is fact ; I lived it .
So the broken logic is that we want the best to go fight in foreign lands and kill people and operate multi-million dollar equipment but we do n’t trust them to walk down an icy sidewalk without hurting themselves like thousands of civilians do daily in the wintertime .
The Men Who Stare at G... Ronson , Jon Best Price : $ 1.25 Buy New $ 7.18 ( as of 06:45 EST - Details )
It ’s an abusive subculture that demands abject subjectivity and a complete lack of reason , logic and intellect .
The military trains people to be killers ; puts those people in a war zone where at any moment , at any second their lives could be over and then prosecutes them if they do n’t kill someone in accordance with the u201 Crules of engagement .
u201D
That is to say : even though you are in a war zone there are rules to killing people and it does n’t matter that a month earlier you were teaching 8th - grade history and your national guard unit got called to battle in Iraq .
You need to pull that trigger and end another human life but only after that person clearly tries to kill you or else you can be prosecuted under the UCMJ for murder .
I ’ll let you marinate on that thought for a second .
I ’ve never killed anyone but I do n’t think you have to in order to imagine what that could do to a rational person ’s psyche .
I would imagine you would have to put yourself into a mental state that disassociates what you ’ve always known to be reality and convince yourself that somehow what you are doing is right ; that if you do n’t kill that other guy , he will kill you , so you pull the trigger .
Then these poor souls come home and are expected to re-associate their minds with the reality of a civilized society because if they do n’t then they will be prosecuted under the UCMJ for insubordination or worse : they might kill someone .
The whole thing is a study in mind control conducted by the least - educated people in our society .
It still amazes me how parents brag about their children serving in the military in Afghanistan or Iraq .
They talk about how some Arabs dropped planes on their heads on 9/11/01 so they are all for going over there and killing as many of those sons - a - bitches as possible and damn proud that their children are helping make the world a safer place .
Who ’s going to help the make the world a safer place from America ?
The Best of Don Cooper
The Gravitational Lens and Communications
If we can get the right kind of equipment to the Sun ’s gravitational focus , remarkable astronomical observations should follow .
We ’ve looked at the possibilities of using this tremendous natural lens to get close - up images of nearby exoplanets and other targets , but in a paper delivered at the International Astronautical Congress in Daejeon , South Korea in October , Claudio Maccone took the lensing mission a step further .
For in addition to imaging , we can also use the lens for communications .
The communications problem is thorny , and when I talked to JPL ’s James Lesh about it in terms of a Centauri probe , he told me that a laser - based design he had worked up would require a three - meter telescope slightly larger than Hubble to serve as the transmitting aperture .
Laser communications in such a setup are workable , but getting a payload - starved probe to incorporate a system this large would only add to our propulsion frustrations .
The gravitational lens , on the other hand , could serve up a far more practical solution .
Keeping Bit Error Rate Low
Maccone goes to work on Bit Error Rate , a crucial measure of signal quality , in assessing the possibilities .
Bit error rate charts the number of erroneous bits received divided by the total number of bits transmitted .
Working out the numbers , Maccone posits a human probe in Centauri space trying to communicate with a typical NASA Deep Space Network antenna ( 70 meter dish ) , using a 12 - meter antenna aboard the spacecraft ( probably inflatable ) .
Using a link frequency in the Ka band ( 32 GHz ) , a bit rate of 32 kbps , and forty watts of transmitting power ( and juggling the other parameters reasonably ) , the math is devastating : we get a 50 percent probability of errors .
So much for data integrity as we operate within conventional systems .
But if we send Maccone ’s FOCAL probe to the Sun ’s gravitational lens at 550 AU , we now tap the tremendous magnification of the lens , which brings us a huge new gain .
Using the same forty watts of power , we derive a completely acceptable bit rate .
In fact , Maccone ’s figures show that the bit error rate does not begin to become remotely problematic until we reach a distance of nine light years , when the increase in BER begins slowly increasing .
Image : Figure 4 . The Bit Error Rate ( BER ) ( upper , blue curve ) tends immediately to the 50 % value ( BER = 0.5 ) even at moderate distances from the Sun ( 0 to 0.1 light years ) for a 40 watt transmission from a DSN antenna that is a DIRECT transmission , i.e. without using the Sun ’s Magnifying Lens .
On the contrary ( lower red curve ) the BER keeps staying at zero value ( perfect communications ! ) if the FOCAL space mission is made , so as the Sun ’s magnifying action is made to work .
Credit : Claudio Maccone .
Building a Radio Bridge
Now this is interesting stuff because it demonstrates that when we do achieve the ability to create a human presence around a nearby star , we will have ways to establish regular , reliable communications .
A second FOCAL mission , one established at the gravitational lens of the target star , benefits us even more .
We could , for instance , create a Sun-Alpha Centauri bridge .
The bit error rate becomes less and less of a factor :
… the surprise is that … for the Sun- Alpha Cen direct radio bridge exploiting both the two gravitational lenses , this minimum transmitted power is incredibly … small !
Actually it just equals less than 10 - 4 watts , i.e. one tenth of a milliwatt is enough to have perfect communication between the Sun and Alpha Cen through two 12 - meter FOCAL spacecraft antennas .
This seems remarkable , but gravitational lenses make remarkable things possible .
Recall that it was only months ago that the first tentative discovery of an extrasolar planet in the Andromeda galaxy ( M31 ) was made , using gravitational lensing to make the observation .
Into the Galactic Bulge
Maccone goes on to work out the numbers for other interstellar scenarios , such as a similar bridge between the Sun and Barnard ’s Star , the Sun and Sirius A , and the Sun and a Sun - like star in the galactic bulge .
That third possibility takes us into into blue sky territory , but it ’s a fascinating exercise .
If somehow we could use the gravitational lens of the star in the galactic bulge as well as our own gravitational lens , we would have a workable bridge at power levels higher than 1000 watts .
Image : Bit Error Rate ( BER ) for the double - gravitational - lens of the radio bridge between the Sun and Alpha Cen A ( orangish curve ) plus the same curve for the radio bridge between the Sun and Barnard ’s star ( reddish curve , just as Barnard ’s star is a reddish star ) plus the same curve of the radio bridge between the Sun and Sirius A ( blue curve , just as Sirius A is a big blue star ) .
In addition , to the far right we now have the pink curve showing the BER for a radio bridge between the Sun and another Sun ( identical in mass and size ) located inside the Galactic Bulge at a distance of 26,000 light years .
The radio bridge between these two Suns works and their two gravitational lenses works perfectly ( i.e. BER = 0 ) if the transmitted power higher than about 1000 watt .
Credit : Claudio Maccone .
I ’m chuckling as I write this because Maccone concludes the paper by imagining a similar bridge between the Sun and a Sun - like star inside M31 , using the gravitational lenses of both .
We ’re working here with a distance of 2.5 million light years , but a transmitted power of about 107 watts would do the trick .
This paper is a dazzling dip into the possibilities the gravitational lens allows us if we can find ways to reach and exploit it .
The paper is Maccone , “ Interstellar Radio Links Enhanced by Exploiting the Sun as a Gravitational Lens , ” presented at the recent IAC .
I ’ll pass along publication information as soon as the paper appears .
Oct. 30 , 2009  -- Walmart and the Kroger supermarket chain have severed ties with one of the country 's major blueberry growers after an ABC News investigation found children , including one as young as five - years - old , working in its fields .
The children were discovered at the Adkin Blue Ribbon Packing Company , in South Haven , Michigan , this summer by graduate school students working with ABC News as fellows with the Carnegie Corporation .
The full report on the investigation airs tonight on Nightline .
A five - year - old girl , named Suli , was seen lugging two heavy buckets of blueberries picked by her parents and brothers , aged seven and eight .
An 11 - year - old boy in the Adkin fields told the Carnegie fellows he had been picking blueberries since the age of eight .
CLICK HERE TO SEE MORE CHILDREN FOUND WORKING IN THE FIELDS .
The owner of the company , Randy Adkin , was once featured on a Walmart billboard advertising his " locally produced and locally sold " blueberries .
" Walmart will not tolerate the use of child labor , " said a spokesperson who said the retailer was unaware of the children at the Adkin facility until contacted by ABC News .
" We will not purchase any additional product from Adkin Blue ribbon Packing Company pending the outcome of an investigation by our ethical sourcing team , " the Walmart spokesperson said .
Separately , the Department of Labor cited Adkin this week for violating federal child labor laws .
Inspectors reported they found a six - year - old picking blueberries in Adkin 's fields this summer .
As part of the ABC News investigation , the four Carnegie fellows spent weeks in fruit and vegetable fields in Michigan , New Jersey and North Carolina .
" What it really comes down to is small fingers picking the smaller fruits and vegetables , " said Joel Stonington , a recent graduate of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism .
In Michigan , a legal aid attorney who works with migrant families , Teresa Hendricks , said the enforcement of the federal child labor law is " very lax . "
On Friday , the United Fresh Produce Association sent a letter to its members referencing the " alarming " ABC News investigation , urging members to " redouble your efforts to ensure that no young children are ever working illegally on our farms . "
The Law & Child Workers
The law prohibits , with only a few rare exceptions , the use of any child under the age of 12 on large agricultural operations .
Yet , as migrant families try to scrap by on meager earnings , they often put their children to work with the tacit acquiescence of growers and their foremen .
CLICK HERE TO SEE MORE CHILDREN FOUND WORKING IN THE FIELDS .
" Everybody knows that 's the economic reality for the families , " said Hendricks , " and so it 's something that happens and people just put their head in the sand and know that it happens , a nod and a wink and we look the other way . "
Adkin , the Michigan grower , told ABC News he " would fire " anyone who allowed children to work in his fields .
Indeed , Carnegie fellows Angela Boyd , from Harvard University 's Kennedy School of Government , and Kieran Meadows , from the City University of New York 's Graduate School of Journalism , saw a sign in Adkin 's fields one day saying children were prohibited .
Read the statement Adkin sent to ABC News by clicking here .
The sign was lying in the back of a truck the next day when the Carnegie fellows videotaped the children in the fields .
Human rights groups say the use of child labor is widespread in fruit and vegetable fields across the country .
" Americans think of child labor as a problem elsewhere , but in fact we have that problem in our own backyard , " said Zama Coursen - Neff of Human Rights Watch , which is conducting its own investigation of child labor practices in the U.S .
" There is child labor in agriculture in almost every state in the United States , " she told ABC News .
In North Carolina , Carnegie fellows Stonington and Linsay Rousseau Burnett , of the U.C. Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism , recorded children working in tomato fields in the western part of the state .
The nurse with a migrant health clinic program , Josie Ellis , told the fellows she is concerned for the health of the young children given the widespread use of pesticides in the fields .
" A lot of the chemicals that the kids are around cause respiratory illness , neurologic impairments , contact dermatitis , really severe rashes on their bodies , " Ellis said .
The nurse said her complaints to the U.S. Department of Labor office , several hours away in Raleigh , rarely resulted in any action .
" They just do n't seem to really care , " she said .
Promised Crackdown on Child Labor Violations
The Obama administration 's Secretary of Labor , Hilda Solis , promised a crackdown on child labor violations after taking office .
This summer , labor inspectors cited blueberry growers in North Carolina , Arkansas and New Jersey for using children in their fields , with fines averaging $ 1,100 per child .
While advocates for children welcomed the enforcement efforts , many say the fines levied by the Department of Labor , are so slight they 're little more than a slap on the wrist .
" I think it 's shameful that our nation tolerates child labor , " said Ellis , the North Carolina nurse .
Human Rights
Watch investigators say the law needs to be broadened so that it is illegal for children who are 12 and 13 to work in agricultural settings .
" We do n't let them work in factories , " said Coursen - Neff , " only in agriculture are kids allowed to trade in their health and education . "
The executive director of the North American Blueberry Council , Mark Villata , said the industry " does not condone the use of child labor . "
But , said Villata , " we cannot control the practices of every one of the more than 2,000 blueberry growers in the United States . "
He said he believes the ABC News report " represents only a tiny segment of our industry . "
2009 Carnegie Fellows
Angela Boyd ( top left ) , Joel Stonington ( top right ) , Linsay Rousseau Burnett ( bottom left ) and Kieran Meadows ( bottom right ) were 2009 Carnegie Fellows with the ABC News ' Brian Ross Investigative Unit .
The 10 - week summer fellowship was sponsored by the Carnegie Corporation .
Angela Boyd is a graduate student at Harvard University 's Kennedy School of Government .
Joel Stonington is a recent graduate of Columbia University 's Graduate School of Journalism .
Linsay Rousseau Burnett is a graduate student at U.C. Berkeley 's Graduate School of Journalism .
Kieran Meadows is a graduate student at CUNY 's Graduate School of Journalism .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
WHITE PLAINS  Bernard B. Kerik , a former detective who rose to lead the New York Police Department through the 9/11 attack before his career crumbled in scandal , pleaded guilty Thursday to eight charges including tax fraud and lying to White House officials .
Wearing a blue suit and a red tie in Federal District Court here , Mr. Kerik sat at the defense table in the packed courtroom with a subdued expression .
In a deep , gravelly voice , he said , “ Guilty , Your Honor , ” as the judge read the charges against him .
One of his lawyers , Michael F. Bachner , rubbed Mr. Kerik ’s back during the 90 - minute proceeding .
The prosecution and the defense recommended that the judge , Stephen C. Robinson , sentence Mr. Kerik , who faced up to 30 years in prison on the most serious charge , to 27 to 33 months .
The judge , who is not bound by the recommendation , set sentencing for Feb. 18 . Mr. Kerik was also ordered to pay restitution of nearly $ 188,000 .
The tax fraud charges stemmed in part from Mr. Kerik ’s acceptance of $ 250,000 in renovations to his Bronx apartment , provided by a company accused of having ties to organized crime .
He also admitted lying to White House officials , denying improprieties , while he was being interviewed to be head of the Department of Homeland Security .
SAN FRANCISCO —
Three members of a Lodi family have been hospitalized in intensive care after eating wild mushrooms .
A spokesman for California Pacific Medical Center in San Francisco said the victims were hospitalized after eating Amanita phalloides , better known as “ death cap ” mushrooms .
Hospital spokesman Kevin McCormack said the families of the victims declined to release further information about the incident or the victims ’ conditions except that they remained in the hospital ’s intensive care unit as of 3:45 p.m. Thursday .
The “ death cap ” mushroom is found in wooded and grassy areas throughout Northern California , and is particularly prevalent after heavy rains .
The mortality rate at California Pacific Medical Center among patients who have eaten the mushrooms is about 10 percent , according to hospital officials .
Visitors and immigrants from other countries seem to be at particular risk of ingesting the mushrooms because they look like edible mushrooms from their homeland , so much so that experienced mushroom hunters have made the mistake of eating them , according to officials .
Dr. Carrie Frenette , the physician who is treating the patients , advised in a statement , “ Never use wild mushrooms in food unless you are absolutely certain that they are safe .
If there is any suspicion that poisonous mushrooms have been eaten , do not wait for symptoms to begin , instead call the poison center immediately . ”
The California Poison Control System can be contacted at ( 800 ) 876-4766 or by going to www.calpoison.org.
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Preliminary injunctions against two file - sharing portals have been overturned , paving the way for a re-opening .
The sites ' lawyers have proven that hard drive evidence collected during a controversial raid against the sites ' admin is worthless , and the anti-piracy group involved has been fined by the court for acting in bad faith .
Earlier this year , TorrentFreak reported on computer science student , Juan Jose Carrasco Colonel .
The 26 year - old resident of Bonar , Spain , ran two eD2 K file - sharing link sites known as Elitelmula and Etmusica .
Both were closed some months ago after action by music and anti-piracy group SGAE led to a court order being served on the sites ’ host .
Then in May , Juan had a home visit from individuals who said they were from the court .
Handing Juan documentation he did n’t understand , they gave the impression that they had a warrant to enter his home and make an inspection of his computers and hard drives .
In fact , it turned out one was a lawyer for SGAE , the second a SGAE computer expert and another a clerk , who had come looking for the stats from Elitemula and Etmusica , which supposedly reflected the downloads of music made via links on those sites between September and December 2007 .
They searched the entire house , going through both Juan ’s and family members ’ possessions .
Finally Juan managed to get lawyer David Bravo on the telephone who , along with Javier de la Cueva , were the legal team for P2P developer Pablo Soto .
Bravo confirmed that the supposed warrant did not authorize the individuals to be in Juan ’s house and ordered them to leave .
TorrentFreak has been in contact with Javier de la Cueva , who was able to give us an interesting update on the case .
A Spanish court , after initially submitting to requests by SGAE that both Etmusica and Elitemula should be closed and hard drives seized for evidence , has now revoked the decision after demands by Juan ’s lawyers .
The hard drive evidence was dismissed and both sites can now be reopened .
“ The reason for reopening the websites is that a hyperlink , per se , does not violate intellectual property law , ” Javier de la Cueva told TorrentFreak .
On the dismissal of the hard drive ‘ evidence ’ , Javier explained that this was due to their proof that it is impossible for the site ’s users ’ sharing statistics to be stored in it .
“ As I said in the hearing : how can it be that an interchange between a Polish and an
Argentinian would be registered in [ Juan ’s ] hard disk if not even a single bit passes through my client ’s website ?
I explained to the judge how P2P networks function and he was convinced that this evidence is impossible and useless , so he annulled the previous resolution held by the same court . ”
Javier also explained that it ’s important to note that SGAE requested injunctions to be taken out on Etmusic and Elitemula without summoning their client .
“ When this happens and injunctions are adopted , the defendant should have the opportunity of opposition , and this is what we have won , ” he told us .
Furthermore , SGAE ‘ forgot ’ to tell the court that earlier criminal proceedings brought by PROMUSICAE to achieve preliminary injunctions against both sites , had already been dismissed .
Due to this unfortunate bout of amnesia , SGAE has been fined 500 Euros for ‘ mala fides ’ ( operating in bad faith ) as it was concluded that there was an intention to avoid the defendants right to a defense .
Continuing where this post left off , we ’ll look at more examples of the unique command and view framework interaction that Boson and Hirb have .
In particular , we ’ll look at commands that are useful references to your current Ruby environment .
Since Boson ’s commands are just methods in a module , any of these commands work fine in irb without Boson .
Game Plan
We ’ll be looking at my ruby_ref library and commands that reference :
For all these commands , I will only show the original ruby method .
To see the Boson configuration for each , see the library source .
To follow along with the examples using boson :
$ gem install boson boson - more $ echo " require ' boson / more ' " >>
~/.bosonrc $ boson install https://github.com/cldwalker/irbfiles/raw/master/boson/commands/public/ruby_ref.rb
As we all know , Ruby comes with predefined global variables .
Using the Kernel method global_variables to retrieve them , here ’s a simple method to list global variables and their values :
def global_var global_variables .
sort .
map { | e | [ e , ( eval e ) .
inspect ] } end
When Boson commandifies this method here ’s what happens :
bash > boson global_var
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| variable | value |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+ | $! | nil | | $ " | [ " rubygems/defaults.rb " , " thread.bundle " , " thread.rb " , " etc.bundle " , " rbconfig.rb " , " rubygems / e ... | | $ $ | 33292 | | $ & | nil | | $ ' | nil | | $ * | [ ] | # ... 48 rows in set # Alphabetical sort on the value column bash > boson global_var ' - s=val ' # global_var '-- sort=value ' +---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| variable | value |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| $ FILENAME | " - " | | $ 0 | " /usr/bin/boson " | | $ PROGRAM_NAME | " /usr/bin/ boson " | | $ - K | " UTF8 " | | $ KCODE | " UTF8 " | | $ / | "
" | | $ - 0 | "
" | # ... 48 rows in set # Boson has a new global command option -- query which allows us to search inside of a table 's fields bash > boson global_var '- q=var:load ' # global_var '-- query=variable : load '
+------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| variable | value |
+------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| $ LOADED_FEATURES | [ " rubygems/defaults.rb " , " thread.bundle " , " thread.rb " , " etc.bundle " , " rbconfig.rb " , " rubygems / exceptions ... | | $ LOAD_PATH | [ " / Users/bozo/code/gems/bond/lib " , " / Users/bozo/code/gems/boson/lib " , " / Users/bozo/code/gems/alias /lib " , ... | +------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
2 rows in set #
If you 're new to Boson , we can do any of the above from irb as well bash > irb >> global_var '- q=var:load ' # global_var '-- query=variable : load '
+------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| variable | value |
+------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| $ LOADED_FEATURES | [ " rubygems/defaults.rb " , " thread.bundle " , " thread.rb " , " etc.bundle " , " rbconfig.rb " , " rubygems / exceptions ... | | $ LOAD_PATH | [ " / Users/bozo/code/gems/bond/lib " , " / Users/bozo/code/gems/boson/lib " , " / Users/bozo/code/gems/alias /lib " , ... | +------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
2 rows in set => true
As you can see , Boson took a simple one - line method and made it a useful command that searches , sorts and displays global variables and their values .
$ LOADED_FEATURES ( $ " ) and $ LOAD_PATH ( $ : ) are handy global variables that give us required paths and the directories we can require from .
Although we do n’t know the full paths to the required files , it ’s easy to calculate them with these global variables :
def loaded_paths hash = {} $ " .
each { | file | $ : . each { | dir | if test ( ?e , File .
join ( dir , file ) ) hash [ file ] = File .
join ( dir , file ) break end } } hash end
This method gives us a hash mapping the required paths to their full paths .
Let ’s see what Boson does with this :
>> loaded_paths '- s=req ' # loaded_paths '-- sort=require_path '
+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| require_path | full_path |
+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| alias.rb | / Users/bozo/code/gems/alias/lib/alias.rb | | alias/console.rb | / Users/bozo/code/gems/alias/lib/alias/console.rb | | alias/creator.rb | / Users/bozo/code/gems/alias/lib/alias/creator.rb | | alias/ creators/any_to_instance_method_creator.rb | /Users/bozo/code/gems/alias/lib/alias/creators/any_to_instance_method_... | | alias/ creators/class_method_creator.rb | /Users/bozo/code/gems/alias/lib/alias/creators/class_method_creator.rb | | alias/ creators/class_to_instance_method_creator.rb | /Users/bozo/code/gems/alias/lib/alias/creators/class_to_instance_metho... | | alias/ creators/constant_creator.rb | / Users/bozo/code/gems/alias/lib/alias/creators/constant_creator.rb | | alias/ creators/instance_method_creator.rb | /Users/bozo/code/gems/alias/lib/alias/creators/instance_method_creator.rb | | alias/ manager.rb | / Users/bozo/code/gems/alias/lib/alias/manager.rb | # ... 128 rows in set => true >> loaded_paths '- q=req : bundle # loaded_paths '-- query=require_path: bundle '
+-----------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| require_path | full_path |
+-----------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| digest. bundle | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/universal-darwin9.0/digest.bundle | | digest/md5.bundle | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/universal-darwin9.0/digest/md5.bundle | | etc.bundle | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/universal-darwin9.0/etc.bundle | | readline . bundle | / Library / Ruby / Site/1.8/universal-darwin9.0/readline.bundle | | readline_line_buffer.bundle | / Users/bozo/code/gems/bond/lib/readline_line_buffer.bundle | | stringio.bundle | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/universal-darwin9.0/stringio.bundle
| | syck.
bundle | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/universal-darwin9.0/syck.bundle | | thread .
bundle | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/universal-darwin9.0/thread.bundle
|
+-----------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
8 rows in set => true #
We can always toggle rendering on a command to get the method 's return value with -- render >> load_path ('-- render').values.slice ( 0,5 ) => [ " / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/universal-darwin9.0/syck.bundle " , " / Users/bozo/code/gems/bond/lib/bond/missions/default_mission.rb " , " / Users/bozo/code/gems/boson/lib/boson/libraries/file_library.rb " , " / Users/bozo/code/gems/hirb/lib/hirb/menu.rb " , " / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/ostruct.rb " ]
For any number of reasons , it can be handy to know the versions of the gems you ’re using .
Since most gems do n’t come with a VERSION constant , the easiest way to get their version is from their loaded gemspec .
But since not everything we use nowadays comes as a gem i.e. rip packages , we could also extract the versions from $ LOAD_PATH .
Here ’s a command that can do either one of these depending on the presence of a : loaded_path option :
def gem_versions ( options = {} ) if options [ :loaded_path ] $ : . map { | e | e =~ /\/([\w-]+) -( \d\.\d ( \.\d ) ? ) \/lib/ ? [ $ 1 , $ 2 ] : nil } . compact .
uniq else Gem .
loaded_specs .
values .
map { | e | [ e . name , e . version ] } end end
Let ’s see it in action :
# Using gemspecs to get the versions >> gem_versions
+-----------------------+---------+ | name | version |
+-----------------------+---------+
| matthew - method_lister | 0.2.3 | | mynyml- every | 0.6 | | local_gem | 0.1.1 | | duration | 0.1.0 | +-----------------------+---------+
4 rows in set => true # Using $ : to get the versions >> gem_versions '- l ' # gem_versions '-- loaded_path ' or gem_versions :loaded_path= > true +-----------------------+---------+ | name | version |
+-----------------------+---------+
| local_gem | 0.1.1 | | matthew - method_lister | 0.2.3 | | duration | 0.1.0 | | mynyml - every | 0.6 | +-----------------------+---------+
4 rows in set => true #
How does this command look inside a Rails ' irb session ? >> gem_versions '- s=n ' # gem_versions '-- sort=name ' +----------------------------+---------+ | name | version |
+----------------------------+---------+
| RedCloth | 4.2.1 | | actionmailer | 2.2.2 | | actionpack | 2.2.2 | | activerecord | 2.2.2 | | activeresource | 2.2.2 | | activesupport | 2.2.2 | | alias | 0.2.1 | | cldwalker -has_machine_tags | 0.1.3 | | duration | 0.1.0 | | hirb | 0.2.7 | | local_gem | 0.1.1 | | matthew - method_lister | 0.2.3 | | mynyml - every | 0.6 | | rails | 2.2.2 | | rake | 0.8.7 | +----------------------------+---------+ 15 rows in set => true
Whether you ’re getting acquainted with a new class of objects or just trying to figure an object ’s current state , looking at an object ’s instance variables can be useful .
Here ’s a command that gives us any object ’s instance variables and their values :
def instance_var ( obj ) obj .
instance_variables . map { | e | [ e , obj . instance_variable_get ( e ) ] } end
Using this with Boson :
# Let 's start with a Boson :: Command object >> instance_var Boson.commands [0 ]
+-------------------+-------------------------------+
| instance | value |
+-------------------+-------------------------------+ | @lib | " core " | | @name | " usage " | | @options | {[ :verbose , : V ] =>: boolean} | | @args | [ [ " name " ] , [ " options " , " {} " ] ] | | @file_parsed_args | true | | @description | " Print a command 's usage " | +-------------------+-------------------------------+
6 rows in set => true #
How about the bigger Gem :: Specification object ? >> instance_var Gem.loaded_specs.values [ 0 ] , '- s=i ' # or '-- sort=instance '
+----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| instance | value |
+----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| @authors | [ " Matthew O'Connor " ] | | @autorequire | nil | | @bindir | " bin " | | @cert_chain | [ ] | | @date | Mon Oct 27 00:00:00 - 0400 2008 | | @default_executable | nil | | @dependencies | [ ] | | @description | nil | | @email | " matthew @[ email protected ] canonical.org " | | @executables | [ ] | | @extensions | [ ] | | @extra_rdoc_files | [ " README.markdown " ] | | @files | [ " lib/method_lister/color_display.rb " , " lib/method_lister/find_result.rb " , " lib/method_lister/finder.rb " , " lib / met ... | | @has_rdoc | true | | @homepage | " http://github.com/matthew/method_lister/tree/master " | | @licenses | [ ] | # ... 35 rows in set => true # Search instances containing files >> instance_var Gem.loaded_specs.values [ 0 ] , '- q=i:files ' # or '-- query=instance : files ' +-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| instance | value |
+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+ | @files | [ " lib/method_lister/color_display.rb " , " lib/method_lister/find_result.rb " , " lib/method_lister/finder.rb " , " lib/method_liste ... | | @test_files | [ " spec/color_display_spec.rb " , " spec/find_result_spec.rb " , " spec/finder_spec.rb " , " spec/ruby_ext_spec.rb " , " spec/simple_dis ... | | @extra_rdoc_files | [ " README.markdown " ] | +-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
3 rows in set => true #
So what if want to see everything inside the value field ? >> instance_var Gem.loaded_specs.values [ 0 ] , '- q=i:files - V ' # or '--query=instance : files -- vertical ' ************ 1 . row ************ instance : @files value : [ " lib/method_lister/color_display.rb " , " lib/method_lister/find_result.rb " , " lib/method_lister/finder.rb " , " lib/method_lister/ruby_ext.rb " , " lib/method_lister/simple_display.rb " , " lib/method_lister.rb " , " spec/color_display_spec.rb " , " spec/find_result_spec.rb " , " spec/finder_spec.rb " , " spec/helpers/matchers/list_methods.rb " , " spec/helpers/object_mother/find_result.rb " , " spec/helpers/object_mother/find_scenario.rb " , " spec/rcov.opts " , " spec/ruby_ext_spec.rb " , " spec/scenarios/class_with_inheritance.rb " , " spec/scenarios/class_with_inheritance_and_modules.rb " , " spec/scenarios/eigenclass.rb " , " spec/scenarios/eigenclass_with_modules.rb " , " spec/scenarios/filters_results_without_methods.rb " , " spec/scenarios/mixed_visibility_methods.rb " , " spec/scenarios/object_without_eigenclass.rb " , " spec/scenarios/overloaded_methods.rb " " spec/scenarios/overloaded_methods_with_modules_mixed_in.rb " , " spec/scenarios/private_methods.rb " , " spec/scenarios/single_class.rb " , " spec/scenarios/single_class_with_module_mixed_in.rb " , " spec/simple_display_spec.rb " , " spec/spec.opts " , " spec/spec_helper.rb " , " README.markdown " ]
************ 2 . row ************ instance : @test_files value : [ " spec/color_display_spec.rb " , " spec/find_result_spec.rb " , " spec/finder_spec.rb " , " spec/ruby_ext_spec.rb " , " spec/simple_display_spec.rb " ]
************ 3 . row ************ instance : @extra_rdoc_files value : [ " README.markdown " ] 3 rows in set => true
The pp method from the standard library is another good alternative for displaying an object ’s instance variables .
Personally , I find the fact that any class can customize their pp output to be a strength but also a weakness .
The weakness lies in that formatting of objects become inconsistent across classes and there ’s no guarantee that pp will give you all instance variables .
Also , to get a good overview of an object I think it helps to stick to one instance variable per line .
If you have ever had to ensure a gem works across multiple platforms , you ’ve probably encountered RbConfig .
This module , which is generated by mkconfig.rb when your ruby is built , contains a hash constant , CONFIG , containing platform - specific configuration .
So let ’s make a command that simply points to this config hash :
def rbconfig require ' rbconfig ' RbConfig : :CONFIG
end
From the above , we already know we can display , search and sort data structures pretty easily .
So let ’s just focus on searching features that have been dormant til now :
# We know we can search in a field bash > boson rbconfig - q=n:arch # or --query=name:arch +-------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| name | value |
+-------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| archdir | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/universal-darwin9.0 | | sitearch | universal - darwin9.0 | | arch | universal - darwin9.0 | | sitearchdir | / Library / Ruby / Site/1.8/universal-darwin9.0 | | ARCHFILE | | | ARCH_FLAG | | +-------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
6 rows in set #
But you can also search in all fields with ' *' bash > boson rbconfig - q=*:arch # or -- query=name , value:arch +------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| name | value |
+------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| archdir | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/universal-darwin9.0 | | sitearch | universal - darwin9.0 | | arch | universal - darwin9.0 | | sitearchdir | / Library / Ruby / Site/1.8/universal-darwin9.0 | | ARCHFILE | | | ARCH_FLAG | | | LDSHARED | cc -arch ppc - arch i386 - pipe - bundle - undefined dynamic_lookup | | LDFLAGS | - L. - arch ppc -arch i386 | | LIBRUBY_LDSHARED
| cc -arch ppc - arch i386 - pipe - dynamiclib | | CFLAGS | - arch ppc - arch i386 - Os - pipe - fno- common | +------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+ 10 rows in set # Searches are regular expressions bash > boson rbconfig - q=n:ruby $ # or -- query=name : ruby $
+----------+--------------------------------------------------+
| name | value |
+----------+--------------------------------------------------+
| LIBRUBY | libruby .
1.dylib | | MINIRUBY | ./ miniruby | | RUNRUBY | ./ miniruby $ ( srcdir ) /runruby.rb --extout=.ext -- | +----------+--------------------------------------------------+
3 rows in set #
Multiple searches can be joined together by a comma bash > boson rbconfig - q=n:ruby $ , v:package # or --query=name:ruby $ , value : package +----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| name | value |
+----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+ | LIBRUBY | libruby .
1.dylib | | MINIRUBY | ./ miniruby | | RUNRUBY | ./ miniruby $ ( srcdir ) /runruby.rb --extout=.ext -- | | docdir | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/share/doc/$( PACKAGE ) | | dvidir | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/share/doc/$( PACKAGE ) | | psdir | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/share/doc/$( PACKAGE ) | | htmldir | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/share/doc/$( PACKAGE ) | | pdfdir | / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/share/doc/$( PACKAGE ) |
+----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
8 rows in set
Game Over
I wrote a quick review at The Atlantic Business of Frontline ’s “ The Card Game ” , available for viewing online at this page .
If you ’ve followed the debate closely , it ’s probably a narrative you ’ve heard before .
What surprised me is how explicit CEOs of credit card companies were in stating things about the relationship between poor and rich borrowers .
Former Providian CEO Shailesh Mehta , and pioneer of the new credit card marketing techniques , says directly that the most affluent consumers pay the least , while the poorest pay the most .
It ’s not exactly the same as when a risk quant reader of Felix ’s said : “ The industry is just a giant wealth transfer mechanism from poor people to wealthly people .
The profits from below ( subprime ) serve to subsidize the interest rate and rewards cost of people in the ‘ super prime ’ category ” , or some of the emails I got after I went digging into what is going on with credit card interest rates .
But it also points in the same direction .
The review is titled “ How Credit Cards Rob the Poor to Spoil the Rich ” and the comments are worth reading .
They include my new favorite comment ever : “ Seems more a transfer from the ignorant and foolish to the informed and prudent – certainly something I feel should be incouraged [ sic ] . ”
Indeed .
As you can imagine , several readers thought this was grossly inaccurate .
Well , Shailesh Mehta said it , not me , and that dude knows a hella ton more than me about hidden fees , so take it up with him .
From supplemental pbs material :
Mehta :
Now , if somebody pays their monthly bill in full , and zero interest income , and if you do n’t charge annual fee , zero fee income .
So you have to make up everything from the merchant side , which you cannot .
So what banks ended up doing is therefore they were subsidizing this whole group , because still two - thirds of the people were not making full payment .
And that interest income covered the losses of the people who were paying in full .
So overall , the business looked profitable .
But … in a strange way , the banks were charging borrowers higher interest rates in order to give the wealthy people a break — in a strange way , if you look at it , because the people who have money were paying in full , and they were getting the break at the expense of the people who could n’t pay in full .
PBS : So it was sort of an unintended transfer of wealth .
Mehta :
It ’s unintended , exactly .
I do n’t think anybody thought through that .
But correct .
I see the transfer in two dimensions .
First : Picture 100 consumers , and it costs a firm $ 1 to give them each a credit card .
Now instead of charging $ 1 to each person , you give the card to everyone ‘ free ’ , but charge 10 people $ 10 at random .
That ’s the movement that is made here .
If you speak micro , there ’s some fantastic theory work being done on why , even in perfect markets , “ It is also not possible to profitably lure either myopes or sophisticates to non-exploitative firms .
We show that informational shrouding flourishes even in highly competitive markets , even in markets with costless advertising , and even when the shrouding generates allocational inefficiencies . ”
Now all I ’m pointing out is that the 10 people here are n’t entirely randomly chosen .
Some are chosen because they are n’t as sophisticated as others .
Some are chosen because they have health problems , or were in an accident , or have had a spell of unexpected chronic unemployment .
But no matter what the story of how they are chosen , they tend to be chosen from the bottom end of the distribution .
The other dimension , less interesting from a distributional point of view but interesting in the dynamics between payment types , is that there tends to be only one price charged regardless of whether or not you use a credit card .
If your card gives you some sort of reward that is paid for by the merchant , which the merchant has to take from you in increased prices , even if you would rather pay cash it ’s a nash equilibrium for you to have to use your credit card .
We looked at this back here :
Let ’s assume that the interchange fee is 2 % to the business .
If I buy a $ 100 stereo from a store , they only make ~$ 98 if you pay with a credit card , but they make $ 100 if you pay with cash .
Now if I pay with a credit card , I get about 1 /3rd of that interchange fee in some sort of credit card payment reward .
Frequent flyer miles , an inflatable grill , whatever .
Let ’s say that I end up with a $ 1 if I use my credit card in this case .
Now I have to decide whether or not to use my credit card , and the business has to decide whether or not to charge $ 100 or $ 102 , the $ 102 reflecting a break - even from a customer using their credit card .
The stereo costs the business $ 100 and is worth $ 100 to me .
What ’s the payouts ?
… This is n’t an academic exercise .
A small business I was at had a sign noting that they get charged over 2 % every time a customer used a credit card , so why do n’t you pay cash or with a check ?
But as I was about to pay cash , I wondered : “ Do n’t the prices already reflect that I will use a credit card ?
I might as well get points towards my plane ticket or whatever comes with the card . ”
Note that if you do n’t have access to a credit card , you pay that price regardless .
Hey Woody , I read that you 're doing strips at night due to your current germy - circumstances , but just in case you did n't get a chance to work on anything , here 's another guest strip I hope might help until you get done playing " Contagion " .
Hopefully the joke is pretty straightforward - since Nathan Drake ( from the Uncharted series ) seems to be a virtuoso Parkour - esque master , I figured that he might do normala bit different than you and I.
Enjoy !- Stormhaven
The kernel development team have enhanced various aspects of Btrfs , one effect of which is to significantly improve the experimental file system 's write performance .
A number of changes to the block layer promise better data throughputs and reactivity .
There are also several new drivers for storage hardware .
Linux kernel 2.6.32-rc7 hit the streets late last week , but when 2.6.32 will finally be released remains anyone 's guess .
There are likely to be at least one , more likely two , further pre-release versions in this development cycle , a cycle which has been slightly disrupted by typos and the Kernel Summit .
Following on from our reviews of the changes in the networking and graphics hardware subsystems , this instalment of the Kernel Log 2.6.32 series looks at file systems and storage .
Btrfs
There have been a whole heap of changes to Btrfs .
The experimental " next generation file system for Linux " can now write at more than 1Â GB per second on fast hardware and now matches XFS for speed on our test system .
Btrfs ' previous maximum data transfer speed was 400Â MB per second , as this maxed out CPU usage .
Snapshots and subvolumes can now be renamed in Btrfs and can be deleted much more rapidly .
Thanks to various enhancements , RPM and Yum now also work faster .
For delayed allocations , Btrfs is now more reliable in reserving enough space for metadata , ensuring that sufficient capacity is available for subsequent writes .
There is some new experimental code for ' discard operations ' which should eventually allow the file system to tell SSDs which blocks have been freed by deleting data â however the requisite support in the SCSI and Libata subsystems is still a work in progress .
A list of further Btrfs - related changes can be found at the end of this article and in various git pull requests in which Chris Mason , the main Btrfs developer , briefly explains the major changes ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) .
Mason , who works for Oracle , developed many of the changes himself , with many more contributed by other developers on the payrolls of various different companies .
The importance of this kind of distribution of developer resources and know - how for a successful , resilient open source project was recently emphasised in a talk given at the Linux Kongress by Theodore Ts'o ( ' tytso ' ) ( well - known for his work on the Ext file systems ) .
Ext3 , Ext4 , XFS , etc .
Other significant chances to the Linux kernel file system code :
Numerous changes to Ext3 und Ext4 have made their way into the main development tree via Theodore Ts'o ( 1 , 2 ) .
One of them speeds up the fs_mark benchmark by around fifty per cent under certain set - ups .
' Data=guarded ' mode in Ext3 , long under development , has once more been left out in the cold .
Sysfs now supports security labels , allowing security frameworks such as SELinux to monitor access to the virtual file system .
The kernel 's VFAT code will not mount FAT drives by default with the behaviour activated by the " shortname=lower " option , but will instead now default to use " shortname=mixed " .
This should mean that upper and lower case in file names will no longer be changed when copying using Linux .
Support for the 9p file system has been added in Fscache .
A change to XFS should make finding free inodes three to four times faster in certain situations .
An overview of further developments in XFS can be found in the XFS status updates for September and October .
Block layer
The CFQ ( Completely Fair Queuing ) I / O scheduler used by many distributions now optimises queries for short response times .
This should mean that when programs are running in the background which process large volumes of data , desktop applications running in the foreground will no longer be slowed to the same extent and will consequently feel faster .
Background on the changes can be found in a piece by block subsystem maintainer Jens Axboe on LWN.
net .
The new behaviour does , however , cause some patterns of access to work a little slower , for which reason CFQ's low latency mode can also be deactivated via sysfs .
Benchmarks : Before ...
Axboe has also introduced a major rewrite of the writeback infrastructure , the fruit of several months work , as a result of which each device is now dealt with by its own thread .
This and other changes should significantly increase data throughput for writeback - intensive access scenarios and cause them to run more evenly .
Axboe includes two benchmark graphics and various measurements in his commit comments to underline the point .
More measurements are detailed in an email from Chris Mason .
Some background information on the changes can be found in a presentation by Axboe and the April LWN .
net also has an article on the recently merged blk - iopoll , which describes the NAPI - like approach to accessing storage devices which aims to increase maximum throughput by reducing IRQs .
... and after .
Axboe 's main git pull request lists a number of further changes in the block subsystem .
Following a long discussion of its pros and cons , replication solution DRBD ( Distributed Replicated Block Device ) has not made it into Linux 2.6.32 , but Torvalds has signalled his willingness to merge it into 2.6.33 .
Libata , drivers , etc .
It will in future be possible to read certain information on AHCI capabilities â such as whether a port is hot - pluggable or is an eSATA connector â via sysfs .
Userspace applications should be able to use this information to make better decisions on optimal behaviours , e.g. when configuring ALPM ( Aggressive Link Power Management ) .
The kernel development team has merged the pata_atp867 x driver for the ARTOP / Acard ATP867X PATA adapter and the pata_rdc driver for RDC PATA adapters .
These now include support for AMD 's SB900 southbridge , which , as things stand at present , still looks several months away from a release date .
A 1.4Â MB patch for the bfa driver for Brocade FC and FCOE host adapters has been merged into the SCSI subsystem .
Much more lightweight are the new be2iscsi driver for iSCSI functionality for ServerEngines ' 10 Gbps BladeEngineÂ 2 storage adapter and pmcraid driver for PMC Sierra 's MaxRAID series 6 Gb/s SAS adapters .
There have also been numerous changes to the SCSI subsystem 's FCOE driver .
There have been a number of changes to the MD code and other kernel subsystems to improve the ability to offload calculations for RAID 6 to dedicated hardware .
There have also been changes to the still fresh MD code for supporting the various options for modifying and converting software RAID arrays â e.g. for converting a RAID 1 to a RAID 5 , to a RAID 6 and back again .
Such conversions can be carried out by mdadm versions 3.1.x .
The developer responsible for the kernel MD code and mdadm has withdrawn the first such version , but has indicated that 3.1.1 should be out shortly .
He has also developed several enhancements to the kernel code responsible for modifying and converting RAID arrays , which should find their way into 2.6.33 .
Minor Gems
Many further minor , but by no means insignificant , changes can be found in the list below .
Like many of the references in the text above , the links point to the relevant commits in the web front end of the Git branch at kernel.org that Linus Torvalds uses for maintaining the kernel sources .
There , the commit comments and the patches themselves provide extensive further information on the respective changes .
Filesystems
Btrfs
Ext3 , Ext4
Others
Storage
Block
Libata
MD
MFD
MMC
MTD
SCSI
Others
For other articles on 2.6.32 and links to the rest of the " Coming in 2.6.32 " series , see The H's Kernel Log - 2.6.32 Tracking page .
( thl / c't ) .
( crve )
Fiji 's military leader has ordered Australia 's and New Zealand 's high commissioners in Suva out of the country .
Commodore Frank Bainimarama has announced that the Australian and New Zealand High Commissioners have 24 hours to leave Fiji .
Yesterday , Fiji 's chief justice Anthony Gates accused Australia and New Zealand of interfering with the operations of the Fiji judiciary .
He claimed that consular officials had told a number of Sri Lankan judges that they would be banned from entering Australia or New Zealand if they took up appointments on the Fiji bench .
It is not the first time the Commodore has expelled New Zealand 's High Commissioner , but James Batley will be the first Australian High Commissioner he has ordered out .
" It is for these reasons ladies and gentleman that I have told the ministry for foreign affairs to issue communications to the Australia and New Zealand governments that their respective heads of missions have to be recalled within 24 hours , " he told a news conference in Suva .
" I have also informed them that our high commissioner in Australia is to be recalled with immediate effect , " he said .
The Foreign Affairs Minister , Stephen Smith , says he is disappointed by the move .
" It runs the risk of Fiji further isolating itself , not just from Australia and New Zealand and the Pacific , but from the international community generally , " he said .
" My advice is that we 'll receive formal advice of the expulsion of our High Commissioner tomorrow morning Fiji time . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A couple have won compensation from a photographer after he took " unacceptable " photographs of their wedding day .
Marc and Sylvia Day took Gareth Bowers to court for breach of contract over the £ 1,450 photo and video package , as they were satisfied with only 22 out 404 taken .
The Days say the majority of them were not straight , obscured , too light or too dark .
They were awarded £ 950 at Pontefract County Court .
Chris Buckler reports
Atando cabos | Denise Maerker
Realizó sus estudios profesionales en Ciencias Económicas y Sociales en la Universidad Católica de Lovaina , Bélgica , la Maestría en Cienci ...
Lunes 09 de noviembre de 2009
¿ Cómo no va a despertar simpatías que un alcalde declare que en su municipio no va a haber ni un secuestro más ?
Acostumbrados como estamos a que todas las autoridades nos den largas , nos expliquen una y mil veces lo difícil que es solucionar el asunto de nuestra seguridad o se declaren sin competencia para remediarlo , lo menos que nos puede provocar es sorpresa y envidia .
A mí por lo pronto me dejó pasmada cuando sin dudarlo y viendo de frente a la cámara , Mauricio Fernández hizo esa promesa a los sampetrinos .
¿ Quién no quisiera vivir en un lugar donde la autoridad nos garantiza seguridad y tranquilidad ?
Y sin embargo , pasada la sorpresa es evidente que los dichos de Mauricio Fernández , que sí sacuden , están muy lejos de ser una propuesta y menos una solución .
Y no lo es cualquiera que sea la verdad que se esconde detrás de sus declaraciones .
Si nada lo respalda , el señor está en un gravísimo peligro de muerte .
Si gracias a su fortuna , y a la de sus vecinos que se cuentan entre los más ricos del país , levantó un pequeño ejército privado , él y quienes lo hayan ayudado están también en un grave peligro porque esas armas y esos hombres se pueden voltear en su contra en cualquier momento .
Los colombianos tienen mucha experiencia con esos grupos de mercenarios que originalmente fueron contratados para contener a la guerrilla y que terminaron siendo igual o más peligrosos para la sociedad que los grupos subversivos .
Si quien lo está respaldando es un grupo de narcos que pretenden mantener en paz ese municipio porque ahí viven sus familias , la seguridad que promete es un espejismo .
La experiencia mexicana nos dice que esos santuarios duran poco y suelen acabar sumidos en la violencia .
Además , ¿de qué sirve una pax narca ?
¿ Qué utilidad tiene para los mexicanos en general que en un municipio con características irrepetibles sus moradores y autoridades lleguen tácitamente a un acuerdo de seguridad con un poderoso grupo de narcotraficantes ?
No nos sirve de nada .
No es un ejemplo , no es nuevo y no tiene futuro .
Para que podamos efectivamente vivir seguros necesitamos que quien detenta el poder de las armas se ajuste a un conjunto de reglas so pena de ser castigado .
Si aceptamos que cualquier grupo de hombres armados , narcos o no , nos protejan , ¿quién nos va a proteger de ellos ?
Mauricio Fernández dice que fue una coincidencia que justamente el día que tomaba posesión apareciera ejecutado el narcotraficante que tenía asolado a San Pedro .
Más que una coincidencia parece un regalo .
Y en la pax narca esos regalos se pagan .
Ese es uno de los tantos problemas de ese tipo de paz .
International Boxing Federation / U.S. Boxing
Association Has 615 boxers and last year held about 140 bouts .
Tests every boxer after every championship and elimination bout for controlled substances , painkillers , barbiturates , steroids , amphetamines and marijuana .
Strangely , does not test for alcohol .
Policy posted on Web site .
State commission where fight is held suspends violators , in most cases , for six months .
If a boxer fails a drug test after a title fight , title is vacated .
94.75
International Olympic Committee Uses World Anti-Doping Agency Code , with policy posted on its Web site .
All athletes who establish a world record or an Olympic record are tested ; does precompetition testing at any time ; top - five finishers in individual sports plus two other athletes are tested ; various systems of testing in team sports .
Sanctions include disqualification from event and forfeiture of any medals ; athlete may be disqualified from rest of the games and future Olympiads ; prior Olympic results may be nullified .
Policy is " clear and draconian ! " one panelist says .
93.75
International Tennis Federation Uses WADA standards in Women 's Tennis Association tour of about 1,100 ranked women , with 51 events and four Grand Slams ; and the Association of Tennis Professionals men's tour of 61 tournaments featuring about 1,800 ranked men .
Random testing in competition and out ; target testing .
Violations lead to disqualification of results in related events , with forfeiture of all medals , titles , ranking points and money ; also one - year ineligibility up to a lifetime ban depending on offenses .
Web page includes news on suspensions , naming the offenders .
Andre Agassi claims to have tested positive in 1997 and escaped punishment with an excuse .
92
International Association of
Athletics Federations
World governing body for track and field , road racing and race walking ; uses WADA Code .
Any athlete who has broken or matched a record is tested ; athletes also tested based on finish , randomly or by target ; all athletes subject to in - and out - of - competition testing at any time .
Violation in an in-competition test means disqualification from the event and loss of related awards , points and winnings ; ineligibility beginning at two years for first offense depending on infraction up to a life ban for third infraction , any of which may be mitigated .
91.25
Nascar
Has nine racing series with close to 2,000 drivers .
The misuse or abuse of any drug or alcohol is a violation .
Even prescription drugs and over - the - counter drugs that may cause a driver " to have a competitive advantage or diminished or impaired ability to perform " on the day of the event are banned .
Competitors are subject to out - of - season testing , preseason testing , random testing and testing for cause .
Positive test result means an indefinite suspension .
Competitors are offered a treatment program to undergo and afterward may seek reinstatement .
No drivers ' union to contend with and an obligation to protect spectators allow for strict policy .
90
Kentucky Derby
The first of racing season 's Triple Crown of " graded stakes " features about 20 three - year - old thoroughbreds ; is regulated by the Kentucky Horse Racing Commission .
Policy is Web - posted .
" We test all horses in graded stakes , " says Kentucky Equine Medical Director Dr. Mary Scollay .
For every Kentucky race , first offense , class A violation , license suspension or revocation up to three years , but paying a fine or surrendering purse could mitigate suspension ; second offense , three - to five - year license suspension ( fine or surrendering of purse may mitigate ) ; third offense , suspension of license at least five years , but may be mitigated by fine / surrendering of purse and suspension time for the horse .
Jockeys are also drug tested .
82.25
Tour de France Amaury Sport Organisation 's three - week race of 21 stages covers some 2,000 miles .
Testing overseen by French Anti-Doping Agency and the International Cycling Union .
Every rider is tested before starting .
Every stage winner and up to eight other cyclists picked at random are tested at each stage .
Overall winner tested .
Per WADA Code , any cyclist is liable to a two - year suspension for first antidoping violation ; life ban for a second serious violation , according to UCI Web site .
Major scandals in 2007 led to stepped - up scrutiny .
Most prominent recent sanction -- stripping Floyd Landis of 2006 victory for a positive test for synthetic testosterone .
78.75
Major League Soccer U.S. association of 15 clubs with rosters of up to 24 players each ; uses WADA Code .
Tests all players at least once per year ; randomly tests players year - round ; " Provides for possible contract termination for a first - time offense , the strictest discipline in professional sports , " the league says .
73.75
National Football League
Thirty - two teams of 53 active players each playing 16 regular - season games and possibly playoffs .
Pre-employment testing ; testing of all players at least once per year .
Also , each week , including preseason , 10 players per team are randomly selected for testing ; same formula for all teams making postseason play ; up to six off - season tests per player ; targeted testing .
First violation , minimum four - game suspension ; second violation , minimum eight - game suspension ; third violation , minimum 12 - month suspension , disqualification from Pro Bowl and other honors that year .
Policy states in - season testing " will ordinarily be conducted on two days each week , " which seems to leave room for some to try to beat the system .
72.5
Formula One Racing Series of 17 international auto races ; lists 24 drivers ; sanctioned by the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile .
Policy is Web - posted .
Tests in competition and out ; maintains registered testing pool of international - level drivers ; requires national associations to maintain own registered testing pools ; also target tests .
Violations lead to disqualification of results in the event ; for first violation , two years ' ineligibility ; second violation , lifetime ineligibility , both with chance to argue mitigation .
68.75
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Mixed martial arts promoter formed in 2001 by Zuffa , LLC .
Holds about 25 fight cards per year , 11 fights per card ; lists 212 fighters .
As a combat sport it is regulated in most states , and elsewhere .
Competitors are tested by state athletic or boxing commissions .
Most randomly test six fighters per card .
Also , Nevada , for example , " has a right to test fighters at any time and they do , " says Marc Ratner , UFC 's vice president of regulatory affairs and a former director of the Nevada State Athletic Commission .
68.75
Women 's National Basketball Association League of 13 teams , 11 players each , 34 games roughly over four months .
All players are subject to up to three random drug tests during training camp , the regular season and playoffs ; also conducts reasonable - cause testing .
Policy encourages voluntary admission of a problem , with league paying for treatment .
Otherwise , a positive test result for a drug of abuse results in league dismissal ; positive result for performance - enhancing drugs , five - game suspension and mandatory enrollment in league treatment program ; second positive result , 10 - game suspension and re-entry into the treatment program ; third positive result , one - year suspension and re-entry into treatment program .
58.75
National Basketball Association
Thirty teams , maximum 15 players each , playing 82 regular - season games and playoffs over nine months .
All players subject to four random tests each season ; league conducts reasonable - cause testing .
Positive test result for drugs of abuse by a first - year player results in suspension with a chance for reinstatement after one year ; all other players suspended for at least two years ; first positive result for a performance - enhancing drug gets a 10 - game suspension , second violation gets 25 - game suspension and third PED offense gets a one - year suspension and re-entry into treatment program ; for fourth positive , player is disqualified ; players coming forward with a problem receive league - paid treatment .
Rates slightly lower than WNBA because pool of athletes is far larger .
57.5
National Hockey League About 690 athletes playing 82 games over about nine months ; uses WADA Code .
Players tested up to three times per year at random .
For first positive test , 20 - game suspension and referral to league substance - abuse program ; for second positive , 60 - game suspension ; third positive , " permanent " suspension with chance to apply for reinstatement after two years .
Panel says testing players only three times per year hardly seems enough .
57.5
PGA / LPGA / European PGA
The major world golf organizations began their policy in July 2008 using WADA Code .
About 500 active players on the PGA Tour , about 230 on the LPGA Tour and 250 in the European Tour .
Players " may be selected for testing at any time or place , " in and out of tournament .
Sanctions may include disqualification ; loss of results , points , and prize money from event ; and for nondrugs - of - abuse some term of ineligibility ; for drugs of abuse , sanctions include Tour - approved treatment at player 's expense .
56.6
Major League Baseball
Has 30 teams of 25 active players ; 162 regular - season games over six months , plus playoffs .
Bans all the major drugs " " steroids , stimulants , masking agents " " but violations involving drugs of abuse are first treated through a clinical program , not suspension .
All players tested for performance - enhancing substances and stimulants within five days of arrival at spring training .
All players must have at least one other test on a randomly selected date .
Additionally , all players subject to random tests in and out of season " Players could be tested up to 6 times per year , " says Rob Manfred , MLB executive vice president for labor .
" There are certain factors that distinguish Major League Baseball 's program and demonstrate its strength .
In addition to testing for performance - enhancing substances , we test for stimulants , both pre- and post - game during the regular season and postseason .
We have an independent program administrator " " unrelated to the sport and with tenure " " who reports annually to the public . "
56.2
National Collegiate Atheltic Association Affiliation of about 1,030 four - year colleges and universities , with over 400,000 athletes .
Tests approximately 13,500 student - athletes a year .
Visits every Division I school during the year at least once .
About 15 % of those schools get a second and maybe third visit .
About 20 Division I and Division II schools are visited during the summer .
Schools with a football program have 18 football players tested each visit , and other athletes are tested randomly .
Nonfootball schools have eight athletes tested per visit .
NCAA relies heavily on schools ' own testing programs so it is difficult to rate .
55
English Premier League Governed by England 's Football Association , which adheres to the WADA Code .
Has 20 teams of about 34 first - squad players .
Two players from each team at a game randomly selected for testing ; May " target test . "
Code says discipline may include no action , a warning , a ban , a clinical assessment of the player , treatment and target testing of player after treatment .
Panelist Professor Brian Leiter says , " Discretionary punishment is probably an inadequate deterrent -- everything will turn on what actually happens in practice . "
51.25
Professional Bowlers Association
The " major league " of bowling in the world with nearly 4,300 members from 13 countries ; 21 official events between mid-October and mid-April .
Competitors may not drink alcohol while competing or while wearing name shirts ; " Members may not participate in the sale or distribution of controlled substances , " policy states .
Does not test bowlers but , " It is something we are monitoring , largely due to the prominence the issue receives in sports , " says spokesman Jerry Schneider .
30
World 's Strongest Man Competition Run by IMG sports and entertainment company ; this fall , Web site says , 32 men competed in Malta in 14 events .
Procedures unclear .
Multiple attempts to get policy and comment were unsuccessful , but competitor Derek Poundstone said he was tested twice at random at this year 's weeklong event .
" A disaster waiting to happen , " says one of our panelists .
27.5
Canadian Football League Eight teams of 53 players each plus practice squads .
Has no policy but a spokesman said it has been working with the Canadian Centre for Ethics in Sport and hopes to have a policy in place by the start of next season .
16.25
Yesterday , music teacher Helen Goddard , aged 26 , was jailed for having sex with a 15 - year - old female pupil at a fee- paying school outside London .
She was sentenced to 18 months in prison , has been put on the Sex Offenders ’
Register for 10 years and has been banned from working with children for life .
On reading this story , I was forced to question the morality of such a punishment .
Anyone that has read the details behind the case will know that the relationship between the two was most definitely consensual , instigated by the pupil , and was of an intimate and loving nature .
Yes , sex was involved , but it was not the driving force of the affair and not the only thing to focus on .
The girl ’s parents are rightly outraged that their daughter lied to them and that a teacher , which they effectively pay , misused her authority and position of trust .
But is n’t that the end of it ?
The girl was n’t morally raped – she was legally raped .
Having sex with someone under the age of consent , 16 , is rape in the eyes of the law .
So why does it make me uncomfortable that I do n’t seem to be seeing through these same eyes ?
Goddard has lost her career , her integrity , her reptuation ( a former child trumpet prodigy who played at the opening ceremony of the Sydney Olympics in 2000 ) and been through a very public and humiliating trial with sordid details of her sex life exposed in most of the nationals .
This is a young woman whose primary action was to fall in love and to act upon this love .
Many people will argue that there is more to this than love – that she was in a position of trust , that she took advantage of a hormone - fuelled teenager , even that she is some sort of deviant for having found affection in the arms of someone 10 years her junior .
But is she a predator ?
Is she a rapist ?
Is she a sex offender ?
There has been no question that she pursued the pupil – a relationship was formed out of a friendship , a closeness that became something more – something that has happened to most people the world over – you meet someone , there ’s a connection .
Of course , no - one forced Goddard to act upon this desire .
She is a 26 - year - old woman , and speaking myself as one , I know that by no means am I always grounded enough to make the right decisions , especially when it comes to matters of the heart .
Rape is a hate crime .
Is this what we are discussing here ?
It is a nasty and ugly abuse of power , an act of force and usually violence , not a romantic weekend in Paris , not a walk in the park that turned into a kiss , a text message that reads :
‘ It ’s going to be a beautiful day .
I love you .
You are on my mind all night . ’
Fifteen - year - olds , and younger , across the country are having sex .
They have sex with other people their age , with those older , younger – to criminalise each action would be absurd .
Goddard was a teacher , so of course , she must be held accountable for her actions ; lose her job , maybe face a teaching ban , but she is not a sex offender and does not need to go to prison to understand the mistake she has made .
The media loves this sort of story .
Ooh it is a sex story – even better a nice little teacher pupil - fantasy scenario .
And a lesbian ?
Bingo – let ’s splash it across the front pages with a nice picture of the so - called sexual predator , looking very err… predatory as she walks into court ( where she later bursts into tears on being sentenced ) .
What could possibly satsify the salacious appetites of the tabloids , and sadly , the nationals , further ?
Surely only fluffy handcuffs and sex toys ( god forbid ) can taint her character just a bit more ?
( because these are the tools of the devil do n’t you know ? ) .
This is all without the mention of paedophilia – as necessary as the humble printing press in creating a tabloid these days .
The media is full of this kind of paedo - hysteria , stranger danger bullshit , constantly implying that the world is full of predators stalking our young people and forcing them into bad and dangerous ways .
Look behind the Goddard story , behind the draconian and blanket laws , and find a story that is both sad and heartening .
The judge in the case chose not to impose a ban on the couple seeing each other , despite the law essentially branding Goddard a sex offender so implicitly admitting that they do not actually believe this to be the case .
The judge rejected a prosecution request to ban the teacher from contacting her victim for five years , claiming it would be ‘ unnecessary , unkind , and cruel to the victim ’ .
Does this not also give the impression that the girl would be worse off for not seeing her lover than by having contact ?
This lack of ban means that she will be able to contact her from prison , as well as see her privately when released .
It is obviously something that the couple , at this stage , plan to do , with Goddard punching the air in victory in court , when being told that no such ban would be imposed .
Obviously , the court is not accepting the fact that Goddard is a risk to the pupil .
The judge also refused , another prosecution request , to ban Goddard from being allowed to be alone with underage girls – once again , demonstrating the fact that the teacher is not viewed as a threat to young people in any sense .
According to Goddard ’s barrister , the teacher ‘ is quite young for her age ’ and he claimed that the couple continue to ‘ love each other very much ’ .
The law is in place to both protect and punish .
Yet cases such as this merely show how black and white law is when applied .
Surely cases should be judged on individuality ?
Surely a ‘ victim ’s ’ wishes and thoughts should be taken into account ?
This is merely a sentence for sentencing ’s sake .
Goddard will have a large part of her life absolutely ruined and is being portrayed as some kind of sexual monster because of it .
The judge admitted it was a ‘ difficult ’ case , yet was powerless to use any sense of perspective or proportion .
Someone once used the analogy of if you picked up a pound coin on the ground and put it in your pocket , then by the principles of law , you could be charged with theft and sentenced accordingly .
Is this not one of those cases ?
A knee - jerk overkill reaction to a crime that is essentially innocuous for all parties ?
It was something that could have been dealt with within the school , not made public , and not brought to a criminal trial .
A statement by the girl ’s parents ( as printed in the predictably biased Daily Mail piece ) states : ‘ Our teenage girl has been led to believe by Miss Goddard that their contact is within the bounds of a normal relationship , apart from the fact that our daughter is a few months underage .
From our understanding , Miss Goddard and our daughter feel that it is possible to continue their relationship without difficulty when our daughter is 16 at the end of this month .
In conveying this to our daughter , and taking no responsibility for her actions , we do not believe Miss Goddard has fully understood the seriousness of her breaking the boundaries and completely breaching the trust embedded in the teacher - pupil relationship . ’
While I am sympathetic to the parents , it is all to easy to blame Goddard as the vile perpertrator .
Their contact , although unusual , is ‘ within the bounds of a normal relationship ’ if they chose to let it be as they are both consenting and by all accounts , the pupil has reached a level of sexual maturity in order to be able to make this judgement .
The girl is nearly 16 , so agonisingly close , it makes you wonder what Goddard ’s punishment would have been if she were to have embarked on this affair just a few months later .
Would the world look kindly on their plight ?
Would she have gone away with a rapped knuckle and a P45 ?
The world of ‘ what ifs ’ is probably plaguing her right now as she sits in a cell wondering where it all went wrong .
The parents claim she has not fully understood the seriousness of her actions – I would say that she most definitely has .
As a teacher and a woman of 26 , she will have known the risks involved , even if she did not fully grasp that a nasty future of incarceration and humiliation would be on its way .
Love makes us do stupid things .
It makes our judgements cloudy , makes us rebellious , makes us defy the odds .
Literature is awash with these Romeo - Juliet , love across the boundaries - type sagas and usually they have us swooning , hoping that our love - torn protagonists will beat the system , overcome the prejudice and be entitled to achieve what they both , as two human individuals , truly and independently desire .
As Helen Goddard ponders her future now , I would love to ask her just one question ?
Would you make the same mistake again ?
And if I was a gambling woman , I would place my bet on a ‘ yes ’ .
Love is not a choice as this harsh and stoic law would assume .
It is grey , complex and extremely divisive .
Young people are entitled to their opinions and laws which seek to protect them must , in turn , respect this .
I just hope that the couple ’s feelings can withstand the media and parental pressure , which has undoubtedly harmed the young girl more than any caring and loving relationship ever could , and they can go on to prove the legal system and its army of Daily Mail reading , democracy - hating followers , well and truly wrong .
Labioplasty involves cutting excess tissue that protrudes from the vagina Women are undergoing surgery to create perfect genitalia amid a " shocking " lack of information on the potential risks of the procedure , a report says .
Research published in the British Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology also questions the very notion of aesthetically pleasing genitals .
Operations to improve the appearance of the sex organs for both psychological and physical reasons are on the rise .
But surgeons said the report overplayed the risks of an established procedure .
Researchers from University College London reviewed all the existing studies on cosmetic labial surgery - which generally involves reducing the amount of tissue that protrudes from the lips which cover the vagina .
They found there had been little work to document any longer - term side effects .
Labioplasty , as it is known , costs about £ 3,000 privately and is offered for a variety of reasons : some women complain that wearing tight clothes or riding a bike is uncomfortable , while others say they are embarrassed in front of a sexual partner .
This is a procedure which we have been doing since the 1970s - any operation performed poorly carries risks , but when it 's done properly there are very few issues at all
Angelica Kavouni
Plastic surgeon
But consultant gynaecologist Sarah Creighton and psychologist Lih - Mei Liao challenged the ethics of offering women surgery to address such insecurities , suggesting it was adverts for a " homogenised , pre-pubescent genital appearance " which created these anxieties in the first place .
They also suggested that any pain apparently caused by protrusion may well have a psychological root - noting that male genitalia protrude far further without causing major discomfort .
Counselling and support could therefore be a preferable alternative to surgery , they argue .
Female circumcision
The number of women undergoing labioplasty nationwide is unknown as the majority of the operations are performed privately , but last year procedures on the NHS increased by 70 % on the previous year to 1,118 .
In studies dating back to 1950 , examined by the researchers , dissatisfaction with the way the vagina looked was the primary reason for surgery , with patients also speaking of low self - esteem and sexual difficulties .
Advertisements promote labial surgery as easy answers to women 's insecurities about their genital appearances - insecurities that are fuelled by the very advertisements that prescribe a homogenised , pre-pubescent genital appearance standard for all women
Lih -Mei Liao
Report author
But rather than curing sexual problems , Dr Creighton suggested surgery might exacerbate them by damaging the nerve supply to the area , impairing sexual sensitivity and satisfaction .
She also suggests that women who undergo this procedure might experience similar problems in childbirth as those who have experienced female genital mutilation , in which parts of the vagina are ritualistically removed .
It is now well documented that women who have undergone such circumcision are more likely to experience significant tearing and bleeding after labour and even the death of their babies , problems which are overcome by Caesarean delivery .
" Labial surgery needs to be rigorously evaluated in future , and for longer term , " said Dr Creighton .
" Furthermore , quality research is needed to improve our understanding of the psychological drivers behind women 's decision to sacrifice sexually sensitive tissue that contributes to erotic experiences , for a certain genital appearance that used to be an obligation only for some glamour models . "
' Terrorising ' patients Douglas McGeorge , past president of the the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons , rejected the comparison with female circumcision , arguing it was a relatively minor operation with few possible complications .
" They 've gone a bit over the top .
Essentially this is just about removing a bit of loose flesh , leaving behind an elegant - looking labia with minimum scarring .
The procedure wo n't interfere with sexual function .
" Women want this for a number of reasons - some find it uncomfortable to ride a bike for instance , but for the majority it is aesthetic , that 's true .
" Lads ' mags are looked at by girlfriends , and make them think more about the way they look .
We live in times where we are much more open about our bodies - and changing them - and labioplasty is simply a part of this . "
Angelica Kavouni , a cosmetic surgeon who carries out labioplasty , said it was wrong to " terrorise patients " with suggestions of long - term consequences .
" This is a procedure which we have been doing since the 1970s .
Any operation performed poorly carries risks , but when it 's done properly there are very few issues at all .
" I have seen women who I have sent away because I do n't think they have a problem , but for women with serious hypertrophy - when the tissue is dark and hangs down - there is a simple way to deal with it .
The feedback I receive is very positive indeed . "
BJOG editor Professor Philip Steer said the study " underlines the need for multidisciplinary research to investigate the range of factors that affect women 's sexual function and wellbeing .
" Reliable information on the risks and benefits of labial surgery , as well as alternative approaches , is vital to ensuring informed choice for women . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There ’s a book out called “ The Buyout of America : How Private Equity Will Cause the Next Great Credit Crisis ” and before you derisively sneer at what at first sounds like hysterical hyperbole in the subtitle , consider this bit of logic from Josh Kosman writing in today ’s New York Post :
“ You better sit down , ” the secretary says .
“ I ’ve got bad news … ” The Treasury Secretary is talking about private equity .
It ’s not the private equity firms themselves but the companies they own that are defaulting .
During the boom years of 2001 - 07 , private investors bought thousands of US companies .
They did it by having the acquired companies take on enormous loans using the same cheap credit that fueled the housing boom .
That debt is now starting to come due .
“ Considering what we have already been through , how bad can it be ? ” Obama asks .
Now here ’s where things get interesting .
In the hypothetical scenario , the writer does not for a minute think that the private equity firms themselves are in trouble ( or perhaps he is simply dismissing the importance of them in the equation ) .
Rather , the crisis he is about to allude to concerns the underlying companies owned by these funds , and there are thousands of them :
“ Well , ” says the Treasury Secretary , “ PE firms own companies that employ 7.5 million Americans .
Half of those companies , with 3.75 million workers , will collapse , between 2012 and 2015 .
Assuming that those businesses file for bankruptcy and fire only 50 percent of their workers , that leaves 1.875 million out of jobs .
“ To put that in perspective , Mr. President , NAFTA caused the displacement of fewer than 1 million workers , and only a slightly higher 2.6 million people lost jobs in 2008 when the recession took hold .
“ A spike in unemployment will mean more people will lose their homes in foreclosure , and the resulting nosedive in consumer spending will threaten other businesses .
The bankruptcies will also hit the banks that have financed LBOs and the hedge funds , pensions and insurers who have bought many of those loans from them . ”
“ Is this bigger than the sub - prime crisis ? ” “ It is similar in size to the sub - prime meltdown .
In 2007 , there were $ 1.3 trillion of outstanding sub - prime mortgages .
As a result of leveraged buyouts , US companies owe about $ 1 trillion .
You ’re probably not laughing now .
I personally did not have a handle on just how big the world of private equity had gotten but now I ’ve got about trillion reasons to look into this stuff .
Do yourself a favor and head over to the Post to read the rest :
The Next Bubble ( NYP )
The MexicoBlog of the Americas Program , a fiscally sponsored program of the Center for Economic and Policy Research ( CEPR ) , is written by Laura Carlsen .
I monitor and analyze international press on Mexico , with a focus on security , immigration , human rights and social movements for peace and justice , from a feminist perspective .
And sometimes I simply muse .
Rachel Holdsworth
Postal Strikes Go Official
Looks like the entire country 's set to experience what we 've been suffering in London all summer : postal workers have voted 3:1 in favour of a national strike .
Such a majority kind of puts a hole in Royal Mail 's insistence that the problems were because of just a few trouble spots ( like Mount Pleasant , where the first strikes happened in May ) .
There are n't any dates yet but we think we can comfortably assume Christmas will be buggered .
Although we 're all ( justifiably ) hacked off with our lack of post , and post workers seem to be hastening their own demise as companies switch to other services seemingly every day , we were fascinated to read an article in the LRB by an actual postie .
It 's a view from the sorting office floor and gives us a peek at just what the dispute is about , rather than Royal Mail and CWU dancing around each other with talk of " restructuring " .
One striking ( ha ) thing is this figure of ' 10 % down ' because of the internet that gets bandied about everywhere .
However , even though the amount of letters are falling , the internet also means more packages , some carried round the country by other companies but relying on Royal Mail - and the postie 's sack - for the final mile to our doors .
It 's worth a read , and it's not like you 've got that box set from Amazon to distract you , is it ?
( Image by DaveWilliams from the Londonist Flickr pool )
I 've retained a troubling amount of information about books I read during my childhood .
From Andrew Bolt , my “ mate ” down under at the Herald Sun , comes this surprise .
I ’ll have to say , it is to George Monbiot ’s credit to do this .
I embrace his first statement , because it succinctly sums up the situation :
It ’s no use pretending that this is n’t a major blow .
The emails extracted by a hacker from the climatic research unit at the University of East Anglia could scarcely be more damaging ( 1 ) .
I am now convinced that they are genuine , and I ’m dismayed and deeply shaken by them .
– George Monbiot on his personal blog
George seems to realize that , “ it ’s worse than we thought ” .
From Andrew Bolt :
Even George Monbiot , one of the fiercest media propagandists of the warming faith , admits he should have been more sceptical and says the science now needs to be rechecked :
It ’s no use pretending that this is n’t a major blow .
The emails extracted by a hacker from the climatic research unit at the University of East Anglia could scarcely be more damaging .
I am now convinced that they are genuine , and I ’m dismayed and deeply shaken by them .
Yes , the messages were obtained illegally .
Yes , all of us say things in emails that would be excruciating if made public .
Yes , some of the comments have been taken out of context .
But there are some messages that require no spin to make them look bad .
There appears to be evidence here of attempts to prevent scientific data from being released , and even to destroy material that was subject to a freedom of information request .
Worse still , some of the emails suggest efforts to prevent the publication of work by climate sceptics , or to keep it out of a report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
I believe that the head of the unit , Phil Jones , should now resign .
Some of the data discussed in the emails should be re-analysed .
Sure , Monbiot claims the fudging of what he extremely optimistically puts as just “ three or four ” scientists does n’t knock over the whole global warming edifice , yet …
If even Monbiot , an extremist , can say that much , why can not the Liberals say far more ?
And will now the legion of warmist journalists in our own media dare say as Monbiot has so belatedly :
I apologise .
I was too trusting of some of those who provided the evidence I championed .
I would have been a better journalist if I had investigated their claims more closely .
Scepticism is the essential disposition of our craft , yet too many journalists have abandoned it .
Remember : the opposite of sceptical is gullible .
UPDATE : Here ’s the screencap from Monbiot ’s blog on the Guardian :
Click to see the original .
Sponsored IT training links :
If want to get quick success in HP0 - S27 exam then join our online training .
Get certified 642- 524 material including 640-553 demo for practice and pass real test on first try .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Eerie evening for Brazil as power outage plunges future home of the Olympics into late - night blackout
Advertisement
Much of Brazil was plunged into darkness last night as a problem at a hydroelectric dam left millions without electricity .
As these eerie pictures show , the major cities , such as Rio de Janeiro - the home of the 2016 Olympic Games - were left looking like ghost towns , with only car headlights , candles , and the odd power generator providing tiny pools of illumination for millions .
Other cities such as Sao Paulo were also left in blackness for more than two hours , while all of neighbouring Paraguay was also without power for half an hour .
The outage will likely add to fears that Brazil - and Rio's - infrastructure will not be ready for the influx of people for the games .
Left in the dark : Rio's only illumination comes from car headlights as the city sits in an eerie twilight
Rooftop aeriels were the only source of light for much of the city during the blackout
Rio's famed Copacabana beach was also left in darkness , with some diners heading down to some of the strip 's restaurants for meals served by candle light .
The outage was blamed on the large Itaipu dam , which straddles Brazil and Paraguay 's borders and produces 17,000 megawatts of power .
Brazilian Mines and Energy Minister Edison Lobao said outages hit nine of the 27 states in this country of more than 190 million people .
No power outages happened in Brasilia , the national capital .
The cause of the failure had not been determined , but Lobao said strong storms uprooted trees near the Itaipu dam just before it went offline and could be to blame .
The power cut could cause problems for Brazil , a nation seen as an ascending economic and political power in the region .
' The image of Brazil , of Rio , is bad enough with all the violence , ' said 35 - year - old graphic designer Paulo Viera , as he sat in a restaurant a block from the sandy arc of Copacabana .
He said he worried about how the outage might look for a city that last month was picked to host the 2016 Olympics and will be the showcase city for soccer 's World Cup in 2014 .
' We do n't need this to happen .
I do n't know how it could get worse . '
Dark times :
The strip alongside Copacabana beach sits in blackness as reported problems at a hydroelectric dam plunged millions into darkness
A few scattered lights continue in the city centre of the Rio :
The power cut raises more questions about how the city will cope with the 2016 Olympics
The only lights come from the roads , with the long exposure of this photograph showing car beams as they head down the freeway
The blackout comes on the heels of a wave of gang fighting in Rio 's favelas that led to violence fears for the Olympics .
' It 's sad to see such a beautiful city with such a precarious infrastructure , ' said 22 - year - old law student Igor Fernandes .
' This should n't happen in a city that is going to host the Olympic Games . '
No traffic lights on the roads , while Copacabana Palace Hotel manages to give off a few lights thanks to an independent power source
A few candle - lights provide atmosphere for residents who popped for dinner at the Copacabana beach
The major cities were without power for two hours , while ( right ) portable food stands were perhaps the only outlets providing hot food
Lobao said the hydro plant at the dam itself was working , but there were problems with the power lines that carry electricity across Brazil .
Brazil uses almost all the energy produced by the dam , and Paraguay consumes the rest .
In Paraguay , the national energy agency blamed the blackout on a short - circuit at an electrical station near Sao Paulo , saying that failure shut down the entire power grid supplied by Itaipu .
All of Paraguay went dark for about 20 minutes , the country 's leading newspaper , ABC Color , reported .
The agency in charge of the dam , Itaipu Binacional , said the blackout did not start at the hydroelectric complex .
It said the most likely cause was a failure at one or more points in the transmission system .
The blackouts came two days after CBS's ' 60 Minutes ' news program reported that several past Brazilian power outages were caused by computer hackers .
Brazilian officials had played down the report before the latest outages , and Lobao did not mention it .
Reported cause :
The Itaipu Hydroelectric dam , the world 's largest operational electricity generator , pictured from the Brazilian side of the border with Paraguay
Brazil 's official Agencia Brasil news agency said Tuesday 's outage started about 10:20 p.m. ( 1220 GMT ) , snarling streets in Rio , where traffic that is normally chaotic turned riotous .
Cars , taxis and buses sped through dark intersections , honking to make their presence known as they zoomed through .
Pedestrians scampered across avenues , and tourists scurried back to a handful of luxury beach hotels , the only buildings with light .
Humanism book introduction , 2nd draft , for comments ...
INTRODUCTION – What is humanism ?
The word “ humanism ” has had , and continues to have , a variety of meanings .
At its broadest , “ humanism ” means little more than a system of thought in which human values , interests and dignity are given central importance .
Understood in this way , almost everyone qualifies as a “ humanist ” .
However , as understood by contemporary humanist organizations , the term “ humanist ” means something more focussed .
Those who sign up to “ humanism ” , understood in this contemporary sense of the term , are embracing a particular sort of worldview that by no means everyone accepts .
That worldview is the focus of this book .
So what distinguishes the humanist outlook ?
It is difficult to be very precise .
The boundaries of the concept are elastic .
But I think most humanists would probably agree on something like the following minimal , seven - point characterization .
First , humanists are either atheists or at least agnostic .
They are sceptical about the claim that there exists a god or gods .
They are also sceptical about angels , demons and other such supernatural beings .
Secondly , humanists believe that this life is the only life we have .
We are not reincarnated .
Nor is there any heaven or hell to which we go after we die .
Third , Humanists reject both the claims that there cannot be moral value without God , and that we will not be , or are unlikely to be , good without God and religion to guide us .
Humanists deny that our moral sense was placed in us by God , and generally favour a naturalistic , evolutionary account of how our moral intuitions have developed .
Humanists reject moral justifications rooted in religious authority and dogma .
They believe our ethics should be strongly informed by study of what human beings are actually like , and of what will help them flourish in this world , rather than the next .
Fourth , humanists deny that that if our lives are to have meaning , it must be bestowed from above by God .
The lives of Pablo Picasso , Florence Nightingale , Mother Theresa and Einstein were all rich , significant and meaningful , whether there is a God or not .
Fifth , humanists emphasize our individual moral autonomy .
It is our individual responsibility to make our own moral judgements , rather than attempt to hand that responsibility over to some external authority – such as a religion or political leader – that will make those judgements for us .
Humanists favour developing forms of moral education that emphasize this responsibility and that will equip us with the skills we will need to discharge it properly .
Sixth , Humanists believe science and reason are invaluable tools we can and should apply to all areas of life .
No beliefs should be considered off - limits and protected from rational scrutiny .
The humanist ’s scepticism concerning gods , angels , demons , an afterlife , and so on is not a “ faith position ” but rather a consequence of their having subjected such beliefs to critical , scrutiny and found them severely wanting .
Seventh , humanists are secularists , in the sense that they favour an open society in which the state takes a neutral position with respect to religion , protecting the freedom of individuals to follow and espouse , or reject and criticize , both religious and atheist beliefs .
While humanists will obviously oppose any attempt to coerce people into embracing religious beliefs , they are no less opposed to coercing people into embracing atheism , as happened under the communist regimes of Stalin and Mao .
There are a number of other views sometimes also associated with humanism that I have not included here .
Note , for example , that , as I have characterized humanism , a humanist need not :
• be a utopian , convinced that the application of science and reason will inevitably usher in a Brave New World of peace and contentment .
• believe that only humans matter , morally speaking .
Many humanists believe that the happiness and welfare of other species is also important .
• be a utilitarian – supposing that maximizing happiness and minimizing suffering are all that matter , morally speaking .
While some humanists embrace utilitarianism , and almost all believe that happiness and suffering are morally important ( who does n’t ? ) , not all humanists are utilitarians .
• embrace those brands of naturalism that say that the natural , physical universe is the only reality there is , and / or that the natural , physical facts are the only facts that there are .
Many humanists , perhaps the majority , do embrace some form of naturalism .
Some humanists and humanist organizations even define their brand of “ humanism ” as involving naturalism .
However , the looser definition of “ humanism ” employed here allows humanists to reject naturalism if they wish .
Yes , humanists reject , or are at least agnostic concerning , belief in gods , angels , demons , etc. , but that does n’t require they sign up to naturalism .
Take , for example , a mathematician who believes that mathematics describes a non-natural , mathematical reality .
This mathematician rejects naturalism , but that does not entail they can not be a humanist .
Or take a philosopher who believes they have established that , say , moral facts , or the facts about what goes on in our conscious minds , are facts that exist in addition to all the natural , physical facts .
Again , I see no reason why such a philosopher cannot be a humanist .
• embrace scientism , believing that every genuine question can in principle be answered by science .
Take moral questions , for example .
Humanists can , and often do , accept that , while scientific discoveries can inform our moral decisions , science and reason alone are incapable of determining what is morally right or wrong .
A humanist may suppose that other questions - such as “ Why is there anything at all ? ” – are also bona fide questions that science cannot answer .
Humanists are merely sceptical about one particular answer – that the universe is the creation of one or more gods .
In order to refute humanism as I have characterized it , then , it is not enough that one refute utopianism , naturalism , scientism or utilitarianism .
Humanists can reject , or at least remain neutral concerning , all these philosophical stances .
Humanists are sometimes criticised for not being “ for ” anything .
They are often caricatured as naysayers , defined entirely by what they oppose .
Yet , as outlined here , humanism is clearly for a great deal .
For example , humanism is for freedom of thought and expression and an open society .
Humanism is for forms of moral education that stress our moral autonomy and the importance of thinking critically and independently .
Humanists do n’t just reject dogma - based approaches to answering moral , political and social questions , they are very much for developing positive , rational and ultimately more life - affirming and life - enhancing alternatives .
Humanist thinking is also sometimes caricatured as a hodgepodge of disparate , unconnected ideas – but again this is untrue .
Humanism ’s focus is on the “ big questions ” : e.g. of what ultimately is real ; of what ultimately makes life worth living ; of what is morally right or wrong , and why ; and of how best to order our society .
While religion typically also addresses such questions , they are clearly not the unique preserve of religion .
Such questions also belong to philosophy , and were being addressed in a rational , non-religious way before the appearance of Christianity .
What pulls our seven characterizing views together into something like a system of thought is ( i ) their shared focus on the “ big questions ” , ( ii ) a degree of interconnectedness ( for example , if you are sceptical about god , you will be sceptical about the claim that our moral sense was placed in us by god ) , and ( iii ) the unifying role played by the sixth : these views on the “ big questions ” are collectively embraced , not as a series of dogmatically held “ faith positions ” , but because , having subjected the various alternatives to rational scrutiny , the humanist considers them the most reasonable position to adopt .
Finally , I want to say something about humanist antipathy to religion .
Clearly many humanists consider religion , not just false , but dangerous .
Some view religion as a great evil .
But not all .
A significant number religious people actually share a good proportion of the views in terms of which I have characterized humanism .
They too are secularists .
They also accept that a morality and a meaningful life would be possible even in the absence of god .
They may also share many of the same goals as humanists .
Many humanists are happy to work in conjunction with religious people and organizations to achieve such goals .
And of course there are religious people willing to work in conjunction with humanists .
Just this week , the Bible Society ’s thinktank Theos donated towards a British Humanist Association advertising campaign insisting that children should not be labelled with a religion , but allowed to grow up free to make their own decisions about what religion , if any , to embrace .
This book aims to further explain , and begin to make a case for , humanism , as characterized above .
Katherine Streeter
Home Fires features the writing of men and women who have returned from wartime service in the United States military .
In August 2004 , while on patrol with my Marine unit in Mahmudiya , Iraq , I was severely wounded by a roadside bomb .
My wounds included a crushed skull and right hand , traumatic brain injury and the loss of both my eyes .
I am not alone .
In the past eight years , many of the 35,000 American soldiers wounded in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have returned home .
But many of us have also returned with deep emotional wounds , and those are harder to see .
In fact , they ’re often invisible , which is why so many returning soldiers feel so lost back home .
Those of us with post - traumatic stress disorder —
I ’m one of them — feel like strangers here , carrying around a burden many people are unaware of or just ca n’t understand .
The possibilities for misunderstandings , collisions and alienation are great .
Rewind to 2005 .
I am sitting in the house alone in the dark .
I do not know where the light switches are .
What does it matter anyway ?
I can not see light .
I get up to get another beer and discover that I have run out .
No fear , though — I ’ll go find the bottle of Johnnie Walker I have somewhere in the back room .
I hear a noise outside .
I freeze .
I am running through the worst - case scenarios .
Where am I in the house ?
How close is my rifle ?
Be quiet , listen , and slowly make your way to the bedroom .
Good , I ’ve found my rifle next to the bed , right where I left it .
I feel safer .
I am still listening ; I do n’t hear anything else .
Still , I will stand here in the dark with my head on a swivel listening to everything within hearing .
Is that not my first general order as a Marine ?
It is quiet .
I am calm now , reassured that I am not under attack .
Let ’s go back to what we were doing .
That bottle of Johnnie Walker is in the back room in a box somewhere .
I stop and pause .
I should bring my rifle ; it makes me feel safer .
Fast forward a couple of years .
I am married .
My paranoia is not as bad , but still there .
One night , I am taking my wife , Leslie , out to dinner for a “ date . ”
As we walk to the table with the help of my guide dog , Brittani , we hear a voice : “ Doggy , Mommy !
There is a doggy ! ”
“ Yes , it ’s a doggy , ” the mother says .
“ You have to sit down and finish your dinner . ”
The child asks loudly why he can’t bring his dog to a restaurant .
As I walk by the table I lean down and say : “ This is Brittani .
She is a working dog .
She is my eyes . ”
I can not see the look on the boy ’s face .
I know that people are sometimes taken aback by my appearance .
My left eye socket is empty and my right one usually has a prosthetic with an emblem or logo .
( I even have one with diamond studs . )
We sit down .
The waiter hands me a menu , I hand it back to him and say : “ You can have this , I gave up reading ! ” I can only imagine the conversation that takes place when he returns to his post and starts talking to his co-worker .
After dinner , we get up to leave .
I imagine what the other diners are thinking : “ He gets around very well for a guy who ca n ’t see . ”
What they do not notice is that I am holding my wife ’s hand and she is guiding me through the maze of tables .
I often get frustrated in restaurants because the tables are always closer together than is comfortable for me .
Brittani also does her best to make sure that I do not knock over the tables as I pass .
Despite all of this help I still bump into tables and chairs .
In the past , I have even hit them so hard that I ’ve knocked someone ’s drink over .
Other problems remain .
I fly off the handle .
My emotions often come out quickly and unchecked .
I often behave in ways that I do not understand .
And most times , it seems , the people around me understand it even less .
It is 2008 and I am back in school .
I am walking to class at Georgetown University .
I stop right next to a flight of steps leading to the Levy Center .
This building is not my destination ; it is just a spot where I stop to get my bearings on an old campus that can be difficult for someone with disabilities to navigate .
Someone walks up and grabs my arm to turn me to face the staircase .
Did this person ask me if I was lost ?
Or even utter a word before deciding to grab me ?
No , because I am a cripple and it ’s O.K. to manhandle me .
My reaction is quick and angry .
I jerk my arm out of his hands and spin on my heels with the bearing of a United States Marine .
“ Get your freaking hands off me .
You think you can grab me ?
Try it again and I ’ll break you down shotgun style ! ”
I am now in a horrible mood .
I have to ground myself .
What just happened ?
This individual saw a blind person standing in front of some stairs .
He probably thought that I did not see the stairs and needed help .
So he reached out and grabbed me to spin me around to find the staircase .
As usual , he did not say anything .
These would - be helpers never do .
Maybe they do not know what to say .
I do not know what they are thinking at that moment , but I can tell you what happens to me .
I immediately flash back to Iraq .
I am standing in a crowd of Iraqis .
We are trying to push the gathering crowd back to clear an area .
All of a sudden a large Iraqi man wraps his arms around me .
I can not move .
I cannot bring up my rifle to defend myself .
The only thing I can do is reach my Ka-Bar ( a combat fighting knife ) .
You can imagine what is to happen next .
It is a war and you cannot just grab a Marine and think that you will walk away unharmed .
This is where my head goes when I am touched unexpectedly .
I know the man who grabbed me on the Georgetown campus was just trying to help .
Why do I become so angry so quickly ?
Why do I threaten physical harm ?
I do not know .
It happens so fast that I do not even think , I just react .
That is what we are trained to do .
It is the difference between a live Marine and a dead Marine .
I ’ve come to learn that responses like the one at Georgetown are common to people suffering from P.T.S.D.
I ’ve begun to understand my own experience a little better and am making progress .
But there is still the innocent , ignorant student who grabbed my arm .
How will that gap be addressed ?
Hopefully , President Obama ’s signing of the veterans spending bill last Thursday will help raise awareness of problems like these .
But there is something we can do that no legislation can : educate .
Throughout history , warriors have been taught not to speak of their emotional struggles .
Earlier generations of American veterans mostly suffered in silence .
That tradition can change .
We can share our experiences — today more rapidly and widely than ever — so that this generation of soldiers can let others know about those struggles without embarrassment or shame .
So that when the worlds of the soldier and the civilian meet , they ’ll come together , not collide .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - A Chinese government spokesman said Barack Obama should be especially sympathetic to China ’s opposition to the Dalai Lama and Tibetan independence , as a black president who lauded Abraham Lincoln for helping abolish slavery .
Tibetan spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama , gestures as he leaves after delivering Buddhist teachings at Tawang , in the northeastern Indian state of Arunchal Pradesh November 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Adnan Abidi
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang made the comments at a news conference on Thursday , four days before Obama arrives in China for a summit that will cover the two big powers ’ vast and sometimes tense economic , diplomatic and security ties .
Obama did not meet Tibet ’s exiled Buddhist leader , the Dalai Lama , when he was in Washington in early October .
But the Dalai Lama has said they may meet after Obama ’s visit to China , which condemns the Buddhist monk as a separatist for demanding Tibetan self - determination .
China is sure to condemn such a meeting , and spokesman Qin underscored -- and possibly intensified -- the political temperature of the issue by citing Obama ’s background and admiration for President Abraham Lincoln , who opposed the secession of the southern states and sought to abolish slavery , which Qin likened to Tibetan society under the Dalai Lama .
After Obama ’s inauguration , the U.S. president said he would not have been able to reach that position without the efforts of Lincoln , said Qin .
“ He is a black president , and he understands the slavery abolition movement and Lincoln ’s major significance for that movement , ” said Qin .
“ Lincoln played an incomparable role in protecting the national unity and territorial integrity of the United States . ”
Beijing calls the Dalai Lama a dangerous “ splittist ” encouraging Tibetan independence , a charge he denies .
He says he is merely seeking true autonomy for Tibet , which last year erupted in riots and protests against the Chinese presence .
China ’s stance was like Lincoln ’s , said Qin .
“ Thus on this issue we hope that President Obama , more than any other foreign leader , can better , more deeply grasp China ’s stance on protecting national sovereignty and territorial integrity , ” said Qin .
Asked about any broader consequences of a possible meeting between Obama and the Dalai Lama , Qin said Beijing opposes any such meetings between the exiled Tibetan leader and foreign leaders , and said the issue was among China ’s core concerns .
“ We must treasure the positive circumstances and opportunities for China - U.S. relations , ” Qin said .
“ In particular , both sides must respect each other ’s core interests and major concerns , and Tibetan issues are among China ’s core interests and major concerns . ”
( For full coverage of Obama ’s Asia tour )
Lowe Bull , Johannesburg for POWA ( People Opposing Women Abuse ) .
Caption :
If you have to force , it 's rape .
